Always when such protests happen in Romania, all the TV shows and the other mass-media are invaded by various people, who benefit from the money stolen by the government, and who tell a huge number of lies designed to confuse the ignorant or weak-minded. Nevertheless, I was surprised to find such a person trying to influence an Internet forum in the USA, far from home. The lies said above by "Sylphine" are some of the most common lies used by the government propagandists at each protest, during the last 26 years. 1. All such protests, began as a response to some wrong action of the government. However the shills, e.g. "Sylphine", behave as if that action did not exist and say that the protests are instigated by political opponents, foreign corporations and so on, who want to overthrow the innocent government. It is true that the political opponents, e.g. the current Romanian president, always try to use such protests to gain advantages over the target of the protests. However, this has nothing to do with the cause of the protests. No politicians in Romania have enough influence to convince a really large number of people to protest just because they say so. 2. Another frequent lie is that from the message above, which attempts to present the two positions, of those that are pro & contra the government as being two equivalent positions. That is as if one would say that there are 2 equivalent theories, one claiming that 2+2=4 and the other claiming that 2+2=7, and that the truth must be somewhere between these 2 extreme theories. This is a lie. The counter-protest gathered not even 200 times less people, all who were obviously old and poor. They were unable to explain logically why they protest. It was obvious that someone has scared them with lies, e.g. that the opponents of the government want to decrease their pensions or salaries. Before the government introduced the changes in the penal Code that started the protests, they increased slightly the pensions and the small salaries. They hoped that this will make everybody happy so nobody will protest when they will achieve their main purpose of modifying the penal Code. While corrupt politicians are everywhere, including in the USA, I am not aware of any other case when they would have been so shameless as to give themselves the permission to steal from the public money, by law, as they tried to do in Romania. The text of the changes to the penal Code is public, so there is no doubt about their content. It is not possible to argue that any member of the government that voted these changes did not break his/her oath, which said that he/she will observe the Constitution and the Laws and he/she will protect the rights of the citizens (which include the right of property over the public money, which must not be stolen by those hired to administrate it). So the 2 positions are not equivalent, one is right beyond any reasonable doubt and the other is wrong beyond any reasonable doubt. This is reflected in the numbers, it is much easier to fool a couple thousand people (counter-protesters) than to fool many hundred thousand people (genuine protesters). The increase in the number of ECHR cases during a year suggests absolutely nothing about the government of that year. Almost all such cases are about trials that have a long history. Trials that have begun 10 years or more ago and that are not solved yet, are not uncommon. So whatever abuses are the subject of complaints, they might be the fault of a government of many years ago. As ECHR is reached after exhausting all other means, it is almost impossible for an ECHR case to refer to an abuse happened during the same year. Those benchmarks mean absolutely nothing, because they obviously knew almost nothing about the processors they were trying to use. 1. "Ryzen's AVX2 support is a bold-faced lie" To say this only shows complete ignorance. It was publicly known for many years that Ryzen will have only 128-bit AVX units, compared to the 256-bit AVX units of Haswell and its successors. Nevertheless, using AVX-256 is still preferable on Ryzen, to reduce the number of instructions, even if the top speed per core is half of that reached by Intel. 2. The benchmark results just show incompetence. While the top speed per core is half, the number of cores is double, so you just need to run twice more threads for a Ryzen to match the speed of Intel. It is true that an i7 7700K will retain a small advantage, because of higher IPC and higher clock frequency, but the advantage for correct programs is small, not like the large advantages of those incompetent benchmarks. I have both a 3.6 GHz /4.0 GHz Ryzen and a 3.6 GHz / 4.0 GHz Skylake Xeon, so I know their behavior from direct experience. While 4-core Intel retains a small advantage in AVX2 computations over 8-core Ryzen, there are a lot of other tasks, e.g. source program compilations, where Ryzen has almost a double speed, so you should choose your processor depending on what is important for you. 3. The most stupid benchmark results are for SHA-1 and SHA-256. Ryzen already implements the SHA instructions that are also implemented in Intel Apollo Lake processors (to boost the GeekBench results against ARM) and will also be implemented in the future Intel Cannonlake processors (whose 2-core version is expected to be introduced this year). If they had benchmarked a correct program that uses the SHA instructions, Ryzen would have trounced any Kaby Lake processor. I agree with these observations. Unfortunately the people who lived all their lives in North America and Western Europe are very naive about what the communist societies really were and they are not aware that during the last 25 years their countries have evolved continuously, becoming every year more and more similar to the former communist countries. This refers not only to surveillance, censorship and loss of rights, but also to the creation of quasi-monopolies in almost every domain. Most people seem not to realize that communism was not different from capitalism, but it was the worst form of capitalism, where everything was done by a monopoly. Not all ARMv7 have FMA, only the newer models. Models with FMA: Cortex-M4, Cortex-M7, Cortex-A5, Cortex-A7, Cortex-A15, Cortex-A17. I do not remember which Cortex-R have FMA. Models without FMA: Cortex-A8, Cortex-A9. The BMC is an ARM microcontroller that has complete access to everything, exactly like the Intel Management Engine, but the server vendors prefer a separate chip for the same job. What is described in the article is very easy to do by inserting a microcontroller on the SPI link that connects the BMC with the flash memory containing the BMC programs, which are copied from there to a RAM at boot. However, such a microcontroller would need 8 pins for at least 7 signals: ground, power, SPI clock and 4 SPI data, to and from BMC and flash memory. Nonetheless, 8-pin packages can be very small, e.g. 0.8 mm by 1.35 mm, i.e. only slightly larger than 1 square millimeter. So from a technical point of view, all is easily feasible. The problem is that it would require compromised people in several places at the subcontractors, because the design files for the PCB must be replaced wherever the PCB is made and in another place, at the PCB assembly, the pick & place document must be replaced and an extra reel with the backdoor component must be mounted on the equipment and that reel must come from somewhere else than from the normal suppliers of the assembly line without raising suspicions. It can be done, but many accomplices are required. Because most of the time the backdoor component will pass the SPI data signals transparently, it will not be detected at any electrical testing and the usual optical inspections are unlikely to detect such a small change. I am using many Supermicro motherboards, so I am wondering if this story is true. If it were true, it would not be much of a surprise, because they did not do something really novel but they just matched what USA also did, e.g. in the Cisco case. If you expected some hyperbole nonsense, it is obvious that the title was completely correct, because you had no idea who were those two. Among not too young users of FreeBSD or other BSD derivatives, it is well known that those operating systems have been partially based on 386BSD, which was written by the Jolitzes. Their role for BSDs is indeed as important as the role of Linus for Linux. While even inside the BSD community they are not as well known as Linus is elsewhere, that is normal, because their contributions ended after the first years, while Linus remained very active until now. I have started to use both FreeBSD and Linux in 1995, and until around 2003/2004 FreeBSD was much better. Then the BSD derivatives had very slow transitions to being able to handle multi-threaded and multi-core processors and also to handle more modern peripherals, e.g. GPUs, while Linux improved much faster than them. The 3rd and 4th are mutually exclusive. If you want the power consumption of a smartphone, you also have the computational speed of a smartphone, but that should be enough for many applications. I have experimented with a very large number of devices between NUC and Pi. While the best processors for such devices would be ARM processors (with Cortex-A76 or Cortex-A75), nobody offers adequate devices. You can find only devices with obsolete slow ARM processors, e.g. RK3399, which are much faster than Pi but much slower than x86, or you can find development systems or modules with modern smartphone ARM processors, but those are much more expensive than a faster Intel NUC. Therefore, for the moment the only sensible choices are devices with either Intel Gemini Lake processors or with Intel Y-Series processors. The devices with Intel Y-Series processors are much faster, but they are also more expensive. While Zotac has presented at CES one such device, its price and time of availability are unknown. For now, the only device available with Y-Series is "LattePanda Alpha". Considering that its price includes 8 GB RAM, 64 GB flash and the Windows licence (even if I wiped it and I installed Linux) it is cheaper than an i3 NUC where at the same price you have no memory. It has everything a NUC has, except that it has one less USB port (it has 1 C + 3 A, while some NUCs have 1 C + 4 A). I have installed in its 2 M.2 connectors a NVMe SSD and a second Ethernet interface. The speed was excellent, because the Kaby Lake CPU was configured for 7 W TDP with 15 W TDP for the first 28 seconds. The included fan does not start unless you run a heavy workload and even then it is silent. The size is smaller than a NUC but larger than a pico-ITX board. If you want something cheaper, or if you want, like me, both full-size DisplayPort & HDMI connectors (not DisplayPort on USB C), then you must choose a Gemini Lake device, i.e. either Zotac ZBOX PI335 Gemini Lake (with N4100, not to be confused with the obsolete ZBOX PI335 with N3350) or an ODROID H2. The ODROID H2 is faster and possibly cheaper (depending on the memory you buy or you already have; ZBOX has soldered memory), but it is larger. ODROID H2 is NUC-sized while PI335 Gemini Lake is pico-ITX sized. ODROID H2 has 2 Ethernet, but PI335 Gemini Lake includes WiFi & BT and it comes in a closed case which will protect it in dusty environments (both have passive cooling). PI335-GK uses a 5 V power supply, so it should be easy to be powered from a power bank. The CPU TDP is configured for steady state 6 W and 15 W for the first 28 seconds. The idle CPU power is less than 2 W. I have not measured the total idle power of the computer. With the CPU halted, the power consumption should be much less, but I have not measured it. Gemini Lake has a speed just a little less than a Snapdragon 845, but it is much faster than older ARM processors and than older Atom processors. While I agree that Dave Cutler was a very good OS engineer, it absolutely ridiculous to compare the work of an experienced OS engineer who already learned a lot by designing other operating systems and who also was free to design a new incompatible OS, with the work of an inexperienced senior student, whose purpose was just to reimplement the UNIX API's. Even if the Linux kernel has evolved internally a lot since then, it has remained constrained by the userland POSIX interfaces, some of which are obsolete. You cannot predict whether Linus, at his current age and experience (which only now are similar with those of Dave Cutler when designing Windows NT), would do a better or a worse OS than Dave Cutler, if he would be free to abandon everything else and to design a new incompatible OS, without legacy baggage. Even if it had a nice clean design, I do not remember anything really revolutionary in the initial Windows NT, at least in the features exposed to the users. Almost everything had a correspondence either in UNIX or in OS/2, but because NT could afford to be incompatible, most NT interfaces had various nice improvements, especially in asynchronous IO, event handling and security. Also because they were designed together instead of being accreted over a long time, the NT interfaces and types were much more consistent in the beginning, compared to UNIX. After other 25 years, Windows has accumulated again countless API additions and replacements, so the initial consistency is long gone. LibreSSL was not among the 9 libraries tested. Nevertheless, it is likely that LibreSSL has not replaced yet this part of complex code inherited from OpenSSL. In that case, LibreSSL would also be vulnerable. While it is true that 2 real numbers can determine both a complex number and a point in plane and it is also true that 1 real number can determine both a real number and a point in a straight line, these are different mathematical things. The correct view is that the real numbers, also known as scalars, are quotients of 1-dimensional vectors, while the complex numbers are quotients of 2-dimensional vectors. This means that given two 1-dimensional vectors, the second being non-null, there is always a real number by which you can multiply the second vector to obtain the first vector. The same for two 2-dimensional vectors and a complex number. In this case the magnitude of the complex number changes the magnitude of the vector, while the phase rotates the vector. When you understand this fact about complex numbers, than it becomes obvious that the imaginary unit is not imaginary but just a rotation with a right angle and it is trivial that its square, i.e. a rotation with 180 degrees is equivalent with a multiplication by -1. The point are a third, different kind of mathematical entities, distinct from both real & complex numbers and from vectors. In fact points (i.e. members of 1-dimensional, 2-dimensional and so on affine spaces) are the primitive objects. From points you can define the vectors as differences of points (i,e, translations). Then from vectors you can define real numbers, complex numbers, quaternions and higher-dimensional matrices as quotients of vectors. (Such definitions define e.g. a 2-dimensional vector as a class of equivalence of pairs of points in plane that are transformed into each other by a translation, and a complex number as a class of equivalence of pairs of 2-dimensional vectors which are transformed into each other by a proportional change in magnitude and a rotation with a fixed angle.) Obviously, my explanation here is very simplified, but it is useful to be aware that e.g. a point in plane, a 2-dimensional vector and a complex number are 3 very different kinds of mathematical objects, even if all 3 are determined by a pair of real numbers. They are very different because the set of operations that can be applied to each is different. For example only the complex numbers are members of a field. You can add 2-dimensional vectors (i.e. compose 2 translations), but you cannot add 2 points from a plane. Sorry, there were a couple of typos in the reply above. I want just to clarify more the last 2 sentences for those less familiar with mathematical jargon. The reference the the field of the complex numbers means that you can multiply 2 complex numbers, i.e. compose 2 geometric transformations consisting of scaling + rotation. You cannot multiply neither two 2-dimensional vectors nor two points. In conclusion, in a programming language one should have different data types for points, vectors and complex numbers, because each type allows different operations and attempting to pass them as arguments to an inappropriate function should be an error. Exactly as I have written above, a 1D vector is the difference between 2 points on a straight line. In most mathematical handbooks it is now traditional to define first the real numbers deriving them from integer numbers, via rational numbers, without any geometric interpretations, then to define the straight line and the mapping between the real numbers and the straight line. Then usually the vectors are derived from tuples of real numbers. I believe that this methodology is very wrong because it occults the real meaning and usefulness of vectors, real numbers, complex numbers and of many other important mathematical entities. This sequence of the derivations of the main mathematical objects leads to many confusions and mistakes and it also does not correspond with the historical development of mathematics, where the real numbers, that is the "measures", as they were initially called, were indeed obtained since the earliest times as quotients of differences between points, i.e. as quotients of vectors (e.g. the quotient between a measured length and a standard length, e.g. a foot), and not as some limits of rational sequences. It is perfectly possible and much clearer in my opinion, to start from axioms of the affine spaces (i.e. the spaces of points) and to derive the real numbers (and everything else in geometry) from that. The result that the real numbers correspond to limits of rational sequences is very important in practice, but it is not the motivation for the introduction of real numbers. Why would you believe a priori that the limits of rational number sequences are of any interest for you? The points are interesting, because they model your environment. Then the vectors and then the real numbers, complex numbers, matrices etc. become interesting to be able to model the geometric transformations of the points. They did not have coinage, but they already had prices and also professional musicians (besides other non-producing professionals which appeared there for the first time, i.e. judges, medical doctors, accountants and prostitutes) (obviously, chiefs and priests existed much time before written history). Initially the prices were expressed as weights of precious metals. The coins, which allowed simpler payments, without the use of weighing scales, appeared thousands of years later after the prices, probably in Lydia in the first millennium BC. I have used PayPal for a few years, mainly because paying with it was more convenient than using directly my credit card, even if the PayPal exchange rates were disadvantageous. For a few years, PayPal worked fine and I was a satisfied customer. Than it had some kind of breach of security. The credit card known to PayPal was charged with a large number of small fraudulent transactions. I did not loose any money, because within hours my bank alerted me about unusual activity and I blocked the card and refused the transactions. Then I got a new credit card. Soon after making another payment through PayPal, similar fraudulent charges appeared again. After obtaining and then cancelling 3 or 4 new credit cards, the causal relationship between making a payment through PayPal and a third party receiving my credit card details became obvious. I have stopped making payments through PayPal and I have never had any credit card fraud problems again. I have no idea about how my PayPal account was accessed by whoever was behind this. The only thing that I am certain about, is that it was not possible to guess my PayPal password, which was a long string of random characters and which had never been used for anything else except for logging into that PayPal account. Therefore I believe that it was some sort of inside job within PayPal. Because I have never used again PayPal during the last 3 years, I do not know if there was any improvement in their security procedures. The only good file transfer solution has always been to use rsync over ssh instead of scp or sftp. I have stopped using scp and sftp many years ago. Besides the fact that sftp can be too slow, both scp and sftp fail to make identical copies of the transferred files because sometimes they can lose some metadata, e.g. extended attributes or high resolution time stamps. What I am normally using is: alias scp='rsync --archive --xattrs --acls --progress --rsh="ssh"' While you are right, at least rsync works correctly, i.e. it is able to make perfect copies of files, regardless of the files systems used at source and at destination, while scp and sftp have always lost information (file metadata) in certain cases. Any file copying program which is unable to make identical copies is garbage in my opinion. The Linux tmpfs file system is another bad example. Like scp, which can silently lose information, copying a file to a tmpfs directory, then again to a decent file system can lose file metadata. Generating automatically the dependencies is trivial with gcc and GNU make, if you just take care to group adequately in directories and subdirectories. I.e. you just have to put all the source files from which you generate object files that will go in the same libray in a set of directories which does not contain files that will not go there. Similarly, all the source files for the object files required for an executable, except those that are in libraries, should be in a set of directories. The sets of directories need not be disjoint, just a given set must not contain files that must be excluded for linking a certain target, as that will make the building process more complex. Given this constraints, it is possible to write a universal GNU makefile usable for any project, which will generate automatically all dependencies. For any executable or library you want to build, it is enough to write an extremely small makefile, containing 4 lists (of defined symbols, of source files, of directories with header files and of libraries) and the name of the generated file and its type (excutable, shared library, static library). At the end you need to include a makefile that is good for any project targetting a certain CPU + operating system combination. The makefiles per CPU/OS must define a few things, e.g. the compiler used and other utilities, option flags for all, locations of the tools and so on, then you include a unique makefile for all architectures and operating systems. I have started using this method more than twenty years ago and I have never ever needed to write manually any dependency information. Whenever I see the huge and intricate and impossible to maintain makefiles that are too frequently encountered in many software projects, I wonder how one is willing to waste so much time with a non-essential part of the project. From my point of view, building easily any large software project is a problem solved a long time ago by gcc & GNU make, but for reasons that I cannot understand most people choose to not do it in the right way. Of course having to use in 2019 a programming language which does not implement modules by any better method than including header files is something even more difficult to understand, but I still must use C/C++ in my work, as there is no alternative for most embedded computers. Sorry, there are several typos in my message above. For most of them it is obvious which was the correct intended word. However, one typo can lead to a confusion because an entire word is missing. In the 4 lists that must be written in the makefile, the most important list, as the other lists can be omitted, is the list of directories with source files (not a list of source files). For simple projects the list will be reduced to a single source directory. Whenever you add, delete or rename source files, there is no need to edit the makefile of the project. All changes can be taken automatically into account by GNU make, which can be instructed to scan the source directories for source files for all the programming languages that you use. " There are many situations where someone does not “want” to testify, but it is necessary to better understand the truth." In my opinion, such a belief is extremely dangerous for a society, even if I suppose that it is shared by most US citizens, who grew up believing that they live in a "free" country, where they should trust justice. Many years ago, USA advertised itself to the world as a champion of "human rights". In my opinion, the most important "human right" is to be free to refuse to answer to any question, in any context, including during a testimony. I do not know if there exists at least a country where this right is recognized, but this just prove how abusive are most state constitutions and laws. Unlike most of you, I know very well the importance of this right, because I was born and raised in a country which was governed by a gang of thieves and murderers, who were installed in power by the Russian invaders. Where the thieves make the laws and where the main purpose of the "law enforcement" is to prevent any attempt of resistance against the government and their servants, who share the spoils, do you believe that it is right if anyone who refuses to testify can be severely punished ? About testimony being required in a "democratic society", unfortunately nothing guarantees that a society that is democratic now will remain democratic tomorrow. After 1990, it seemed that democracy will improve in most of the world, but it did not happen so. While im many formerly communist countries there were modest improvements, during the last 30 years the western countries and especially USA have become each year more and more like the communist countries from before 1990. This has happened not only in the many new abusive laws and in the more and more incompetent governments, but also in the economy, where every year brings more major merges & acquisitions, increasing the power of monopolies. There was a single important difference between the "socialist" economies and the "capitalist" economies. In the socialist economies there were only monopolies. Everyone can see the results. Even if Russian soldiers have also fought the Nazis, those who fought in Estonia and in all the other countries which were unlucky to be neighbors of Russia, were just invaders, who during the war were notorious for stealing from civilians everything they could and for raping, and the result of their successful fight was the occupation of those countries, which allowed the Russians to steal huge amounts of valuable products from all their neighbors, while killing and torturing all possible opponents from the local populations. The Western countries were able to free themselves from the Nazis only with the help of Russia, but they paid the Russians with only little of their own money but mostly with what was not theirs to give away, i.e. with what belonged to the Eastern European countries. What I affirm hear is not from hearsay, but from personal experience, because in 1940, i.e. before Russia being attacked by anyone, so before having the right to claim that they are defending themselves against Nazis, the Russian invaders murdered both my great grandfathers, the reasons being that one was a teacher at the village school and the other had a minor job in the village administration, and everybody who distinguished themselves somehow from the masses were deported to labor camps in Siberia, to make sure that nobody was left there who could lead some form of oppositions. A few younger and stronger people have survived the Russian labor camps, but my great grandfathers were old, so one was shot before reaching the labor camp, because he was walking too slowly and the other died after a couple of months because of the cold, lack of food and hard labor. Taking such events into account, it is obvious that the Russian soldiers are not loved in the neighbor countries of Russia. Very good summary of the post-war history. I completely agree that the high point of liberal democracy was the decade between the fall of the Berlin Wall and the fall of the World Trade Center. Since then, every year the Western democracies resemble more and more with the socialist countries they were criticizing so much 30 years ago, both in their economies dominated by monopolies and in the surveillance of their citizens and in the restrictions of the citizens' rights. In most kinds of logic circuit families, a XOR is slightly slower and more expensive than a NAND or a NOR, but it has about the same cost as an AND or an OR, so it does not seem appropriate to call it slow and expensive. Even if in theory you can make any logic gate from a combination of NAND or NOR gates, the XOR gate is almost never done so. In most logic circuit families, including in the most popular families, i.e. TTL and CMOS, there are special circuits for implementing XOR, which are better than a NAND or NOR combination. Also, in most logic circuit families, including in the most popular families, i.e. TTL and CMOS, even if you can implement NAND with NOR and NOR with NAND, this is not done so, but there are distinct circuits for NAND and NOR. In conclusion, in most logic circuit families you do not implement everything with a single kind of universal gate, but you have 3 kinds of basic blocks, NAND, NOR and XOR. In certain logic families you have extra basic blocks, which can be implemented in a better way than the equivalent schematic made of universal gates. Moreover, even if TTL circuits are usually presented as being composed of NAND gates, it is more useful to view the NAND TTL or DTL gate as an AND gate (a minimum-computing circuit made with diodes) followed by an inverter made with a transistor (which can be expanded to a NOR gate by adding parallel transistors). So the real basic blocks of TTL circuits are AND, NOR and XOR (the NOR being not the same as the NOR from the NAND+NOR+XOR description, but a sub-circuit of that), but these simpler AND and NOR blocks cannot be used by themselves, because the AND does not have TTL output levels and the NOR does not have TTL input levels, so you always must have an AND (possibly reduced to a repeater) followed by a NOR (possibly reduced to an inverter), to make a complete TTL gate. My point is that while it is useful to know that any gate can be implemented using only a single kind of universal gate, such implementations are not efficient and you must use a small number of basic blocks, not only one. On the other hand, when you want to understand the theory of logic gates, basing them on one kind of universal gate is also no useful. You can better understand logic operations when you see them as based on minimum (or the equivalent maximum) and on inversion (for values between 0 and 1 inversion is 1-x, for values between -1 and 1 inversion is -x). These 2 operations are also valid when applied to non-binary logic values. The physical implementation of these 2 operations can actually work with real-valued inputs and outputs. An alternative view for the binary logic case is that mentioned by someone above, of having addition & multiplication modulo 2 as the basic operations. Either the minimum/inversion view or the addition/multiplication view give much more insight than reasoning about NAND or NOR, which just combine the 2 basic operations in such a way that a cascade of the combinations can recover each of the basic operations, so they provide an alternative. See my answer above. Even if a single universal gate is enough if you disregard speed and cost (area and power consumption) when you implement physical logic circuits speed and cost are essential so you cannot use a single type of universal gate but you must use a small number of basic gates, because each of them has a better implementation from diodes and transistors than an implementation made as a cascade of a single type of universal gates. Also, I forgot to mention in my first answer above that it is false that "XOR and AND is not a minimal construction". The following 4 sets of logic operations (and many others) are minimal: 1. AND, NOT 2. AND, XOR 3. NAND 4. NOR So AND + XOR is a minimal set, because you can make NOT from a XOR where one input is true. The question about a minimal set of primitives arises in many domains, not only in Boolean functions, for example in structured programming or in a minimal computer instruction set. In all such domains it is possible to find a set composed of only one primitive and some people think that that is the minimal set because it has a minimum number of primitives. Nevertheless, other people do not agree that the minimum number of primitives is the correct goal for minimal complexity. In all such cases the single primitive is more complex than the primitives belonging to an equivalent set of primitives with more members and it is equivalent to a composition of all the simpler primitives, done in such a way that it is possible to obtain any of the simpler primitives by composing the single primitive with itself. In my opinion, it is nice to know this nice trick about reducing a set of independent primitives to only one, but this almost never has any practical application. When reasoning about that domain, using the single primitive does not make it any easier, because it glues together independent concepts which are easier to handle separate and not in a forced combination. For example, when thinking about Boolean function, it is easier to think about AND-OR stages instead of NAND-NAND, or about OR-AND stages instead of NOR-NOR. So the knowledge about being able to use just NAND does not help you. If we are talking about implementation, there also the single primitive does not help you, because you must actually implement it from more simpler primitives. For example the main blocks for TTL logic are minimum circuits with diodes (AND), parallel transistors (OR) and transistor inverters (NOT), while the main blocks for CMOS logic are parallel transistors, series transistors, transistor inverters and transmission gates. You do not design just a NAND and then make the other cells from it, but you must design at least a NAND, a NOR, a XOR and a multiplexer, then make other functions from these blocks. Knowing that you might use just a NAND does not help you, because any implementation that uses only NAND is less efficient than those based on multiple simpler primitives. An example from another domain, you can use just a WHILE-DO to implement both an IF-THEN and a REPEAT-UNTIL, so you can claim that it is enough to have that primitive. Nevertheless, if you look at the implementation, both IF-THEN and REPEAT-UNTIL are made with a single conditional jump. On the other hand, you must use 2 conditional jumps for a WHILE-DO, there is now way to implement it otherwise than as a composition of IF-THEN with REPEAT-UNTIL. If you implement the simpler primitives with WHILE-DO, you obtain a more inefficient implementation. In conclusion, while it is interesting to know that you can reduce most or all sets of primitives to only one complex primitive, both in theory and in practice the sets of multiple simple primitives are more useful. I see a lot of claims about "forced tech transfers" to Chinese companies. This is a completely ridiculous complaint because none of those transfers were forced. All of them were approved by American, European, Japanese and so on CEOs, not because anyone forced them but because they desired to gain themselves a lot of money, maybe also because their companies gained a lot of money in the short term, even if the deal was bad in the long term for their companies or for their countries. Why do you see anything wrong in the fact that the Chinese were smart enough to negotiate good deals with their Western partners ? You should blame the American etc. CEOs, because they were stupid and greedy, not the Chinese. I had a former colleague that more than 10 years ago was detached by his company for several months at Huawei, teaching them how to manufacture mobile phones. Already at the time I believed that it was a stupid technology transfer, and obviously, after a few years that Western company had to exit the mobile phone market, because, unlike Huawei, it was no longer competitive. But again, none of those technology transfers was forced in any way. I have no doubt that the Chinese conpanies, like many companies from USA or other countries, have also stolen some IP, when there was any opportunity. Nevertheless, having experience in mobile phone design, I am certain that whatever they have stolen was much less than what they have just bought from willing partners. Moreover, it is obvious that during the last years they have improved a lot above whatever they have bought or stolen and now it is they who should fear that the Americans might want to steal their IP. Supposing that the claims about IP theft are true, then the Americans should have presented some proof and they should have applied sanctions many years ago, because if there was any IP theft there was much more of it 10 years ago then now. As it is now the USA sanctions look like commercial fraud, i.e. you have US companies that first lure you to buy products from them, claiming that they are better than alternatives, so you invest a lot of money in developing products that include US components, then, from one day to the other those US companies refuse to sell you their components causing you huge damages, as you might need a year or more to redesign everything to avoid US components. This is a lesson for any electronics designer from any other country except USA, that from now on in any new project they should avoid components made in USA like the plague. "only recently released processors that met the requirements for the other haswell" This is false. Zen was introduced in Q1 2017, before that patch was written and it already implemented all the useful parts of the Skylake instruction set (and also the SHA extension not implemented by Skylake). The fact that the CPU vendor should not be used when testing for CPU features was already discussed a lot, many years ago, so someone of the library maintainers should have noticed this bug and removed the inappropriate test. About AMD not supporting yet AVX-512, that is far less annoying than the fact that Intel does not support AVX-512 yet in any of their CPUs which are actually competitive in their target market (Ice Lake is worse than Comet Lake, Cascade Lake is worse than Epyc 2). No,already the first Zen in 2017 supported perfectly AVX2. It just had half of the throughput of Haswell/Broadwell/Skylake. Nevertetheless, using 256-bit AVX instructions was still slightly faster in most cases than using 128-bit AVX or SSE, because less instructions had to be fetched and decoded. When Zen was first released in 2017, using -march=haswell in gcc produced faster programs than using -march=znver1 or -march=bdverX. Using AVX2 + FMA and all the other instructions introduced by Haswell & Broadwell was always the right thing to do when compiling for AMD Zen. Nothing has changed with Zen 2, except that the throughput of the AVX programs that are not limited by the memory throughput has doubled now. Skylake (i.e. Skylake, Kaby Lake and so on up to Comet Lake) does not support any AVX-512 instructions. Only Knights Landing, Knights Mill, Skylake Server, Cascade Lake, Cannon Lake and Ice Lake support AVX-512. What is called "Skylake Server" in the Intel documents, includes products sold under various names, i.e. Xeon Scalable, Xeon W, Xeon D-2xxx and Skylake-X (HEDT). I assume that you were thinking about Skylake X, but those processors are a very small fraction of a percent in comparison with all the processors using the Skylake microarchitecture, which were sold since 2015 until now, so one should never use "Skylake" to speak about "Skylake Server" a.k.a. "Skylake X", because this is very misleading. "The elements in the same column and rows share some properties" While this is what most are taught, in my opinion this is not the best way to understand it and this can actually lead to mistakes. The chemical properties of the elements are mostly determined by 3 characteristics: valence, electronegativity and size. Valence and electronegativity are usually similar for elements in the same column and size is usually similar for elements in the same row. This is the cause for the similarities in columns and rows. However, while the electronegativity and the size have quasi-periodic variations with the atomic number, there are various reasons that shift their similar values in adjacent rows, so that there are many cases when there are much more similarities between elements in different columns than between those in the same column. Usually for the heavy elements grouping them by column is much more useful than for the light elements, which can be more similar to elements in the same row or to elements in a diagonal position. For example, due to their closer electronegativity and size, carbon and sulfur resemble much more to each other than to silicon or oxygen. As another of the many examples, in the first row of the transition metals the maximum density and the change from hexagonal to cubic structure is located at cobalt-nickel, but in the next 2 rows it is shifted to ruthenium-rhodium and osmium-iridium. There is a huge number of such examples, so that anyone who wants to understand the similarities between chemical elements must not use directly the column and row numbers but must know how the electronegativity, the atomic size and the valence vary within the periodic table. I have been using in my home for several years a Quantum external LTO-7 drive, which is connected via a Serial-Atached-SCSI cable, so I also have a SAS HBA card in a computer. I am living in the European Union and I have bought the required hardware from an on-line shop from Germany, where it was cheaper. Now you can also buy it easily e.g. from Amazon. The cost was around 3000 EUR. The tape cost is about 10 EUR per terabyte. Previously I was using HDDs for archiving. I have not followed closely the evolution of the HDD price, but looking now on Amazon I see about 30 EUR per terabyte. I have a data archive of about 120 TB, but I am paranoid because of past data losses due to defective HDDs/CDs, so I store 3 copies of each tape (in different places). That means that by using tape instead of HDDs, I have already saved 20 * 360 - 3000 = 4200 EUR. Someone who would store just 2 copies of each tape (the minimum rational value), would need to have a data archive of at least 75 TB to recover the initial cost. Nevertheless saving money is not everything, you also gain peace-of-mind because the chances of the tape becoming defective just from storing are negligible compared to a HDD, which if not used for a very long time might never start spinning again. With tapes you must transfer the data only when you can no longer buy drives that would read them. With HDDs you should better replace them before their warranty expires, as I have seen too many that died immediately after that. The tapes work OK both in Linux and in FreeBSD, but the FreeBSD utilities are more convenient, so I have connected the tape drive to a FreeBSD server and I transfer the data to be archived through 10 Gb/s Ethernet, which is faster than the 6 Gb/s SAS, so it is not a bottleneck. The writing speed of LTO-7 is 3 Gb/s, so that is the bottleneck anyway, not the interfaces. That speed is much faster than of any HDD of up to 8 TB that I have ever used, but I have not checked the latest HDD models to see if they have improved their speed to levels comparable to tapes. Using tape is very simple and retrieving any file (I have a tape index on my SSDs) takes at most 3 minutes, including the time to manually start the drive and inserting a tape in the drive. The maximum seek time is about 2 minutes. When I had a HDD archive, there was still the same time for manually selecting a HDD and inserting it in the HDD rack. For retrieving very large files, the tape can even be faster, due to the faster sequential speed. The conclusion is that if you have data of at least several tens of terabytes and/or if you value that data enough to want to avoid any chance of losing it, than magnetic tape remains the best solution for now. Tape (LTO-7) costs 3 times less than the cheapest HDDs, so the prices are not comparable at all. To recover the drive + SAS HBA card costs, the movie collection must be larger than about 75 TB if you store double copies or larger than about 50 TB if you store triple copies. If you store a single copy of any digital medium, the chances to not lose anything after many years are negligible. I forgot to mention that I referred to the prices for non-compressed tape storage, i.e. counting LTO-7 tapes as 6 TB tapes. Compression does not work for movies and even for compressible data I disable the tape compression and I use better compression algorithms on the computer. The most common tape is LTO-7, which is 6 TB (non-compressed). The most common Blu-ray disks store 50 GB, so a tape equals 120 discs, not 50. I have mentioned in another message that the breaking point is around 75 TB or around 50 TB, depending on how many copies you store, i.e. around 1000 to 1500 Blu-ray movies. I agree that many people, probably most people, do not need to store so much data to make tape storage economical, but for those who have a large enough data archive, like myself, the tape is really radically cheaper to have changed my life. Obviously, there is a vicious circle, few people buy tape drives because they are too expensive, so that tape drives are expensive because few of them are sold. If they would have been mass produced, tape drives should have been 5 to 10 times cheaper, and then tape archives would have made sense even for the smallest movie collections. My LTO-7 drive needs about 2 minutes from one end of the tape to the other, so that is the maximum latency when the tape is already loaded. Adding another minute to manually find and load a tape, would reach a 3 minute latency. So a few minutes of latency in the worst case, yes, but certainly not hours of latency, unless you must drive a car to an off-site location, but that would be the same for a HDD or optical disc stored in another place. Tapes are slow only at the latency of random access. Their sequential transfer speed is lower than that of good SSDs, but higher than that of HDDs. No, the LTO-7 transfer speed is 3 Gb/s a.k.a. 300 MB/s without compression. The compression in drive may be useful for automated backups, but if you use the tape for an archive of files selected by yourself, it is better to disable the drive compression. If you have compressible files, you can compress them with better algorithms on the computer, before storing them on the tape. I have been using since 2016 the following setup: 1. QUANTUM LTO-7 Tape Drive, Half Height, Tabletop 2. Delock Cable Mini SAS HD SFF-8644 > Mini SAS SFF-8088 1 m 3. LSI LSI00343 SAS 9300-8E Host Bus Adapter (8-Port, PCI-e 3.0 8x, SAS 3.0) Also, there is a couple of useful tape accessories: 4. Cleaning Cartridge (I use one from Quantum) 5. Cases for storing LTO Ultrium cartridges (I use some from Turtle Case, for 20 cartridges each) I forgot to mention that the files that are written to tape should come from an SSD, because an HDD is not fast enough. The files can come from an SSD of a remote computer, if you use 10 Gb/s Ethernet, as that is fast enough. That is a problem of the backup software, not of the tapes. I have a custom program that generates an index with all the files on all my tapes and which updates the index after any tape write. I can determine in a second the location of any file, so I know immediately which tape cartridge must be loaded to retrieve anything. The file index is actually a relational database table with a lot of metadata about the files, including: position in the tape collection as tape number + file number, name, path name, modification time, length, content hash (to identify duplicates) and a set of keywords and tags, to be able to search for a file even when the name is not known, or to be able to retrieve sets of files. The files written on the tape are grouped in compressed archive files, but the database with metadata is about the files inside of those archive files. Obviously, the file index itself is also backed up regularly. The post above was about the latency of random access to a file, not about the duration of a restoring operation. The tapes have the fastest sequential transfer speed of any alternative, so the restoring duration should be better than from anything else, if the restoring software plans correctly the sequence of retrievals. It is true that if the backup software is not clever, you could waste a lot of time to determine what you must restore and where is it. However, this has nothing to do with the tapes, the same can happen with backup on HDDs if the backup software is equally bad. I am not sure what you mean by having lots of more tapes than reader, as that is the point of tape storage and the cause of it low cost per terabyte. The only way that I could understand that phrase as a disadvantage for tapes is that when you would need to read as fast as possible e.g. 300 TB with one reader, that would need 10 days, but if the 300 TB were stored on 25 HDDs and you would also have 25 spare computers and some technicians that could open the computers and connect the HDDs inside them and you would also have an 100 Gb/s Ethernet network from those computers to the destination of those 300 TB, then yes, you could read the 300 TB 12 times faster that with a single tape reader. However, such circumstances seem too unbelievable. For such a huge organization it would be more realistic to buy immediately e.g. 3 more readers to reduce the reading time from 10 days to 2.5 days. On the other hand, if the 25 HDDs would have been located from the beginning inside a backup system, then that system would have had a price with at least 5 digits, far higher than the cost of a tape backup system, and unless it would have been connected by 100 Gb/s or at least 25 Gb/s Ethernet, its speed could not have been much higher than that of a single tape drive. Restoring the index database from a tape would be needed only if the SSD where my database is normally located would become defective, which should be a very seldom event, especially if it is replicated on a few SSDs. In my custom program & file database, I only use physical tape names, i.e. the names that I write on the labels of the cartridges. Either the program tells me what cartridge to load in the drive, or I inform it what cartridge I have loaded (e.g. for a new cartridge). I see no reason for a logical name. If I would ever copy a tape on another and I would discard the original tape, it would be trivial to substitute the name in the database. Maybe for a large enterprise maintaining a comprehensive file database could be time consuming even in the best implementation, but I doubt it. In my experience, keeping an up-to-date file database for about 120 TB of content that increases by about 10 to 20 GB per day still takes a negligible time. While I have worked in a few large companies where a lot of data existed, in all small- and medium-sized companies (less than 100 computers) that I have seen there was less backup data than that (not counting things like standard disk images with the OS and with SW, which do not belong in periodic backups and which where shared, being identical for various classes of employees). Any non-volatile memory is characterized by a "retention time" after which it may loose the information stored in it. The retention time depends on the storage conditions, especially on temperature & humidity. For ancient flash memories, with large cells and 1 bit per cell, the retention time can be of 10 years or even 20 years. After that the capacitor will discharge, because the insulation is not perfect. For modern flash memories, with much smaller cells and wit 3 or even 4 bits per cell, the electrical charge variation that will lead to wrong bits is much less, so the retention time can vary from a few years for a new SSD stored at low temperature to a few months for a used SSD stored at a higher temperature. At a high enough temperature (not impossible to reach, e.g. when forgotten in sun light), the retention time can be reduced to days. When a SSD is used, i.e. it is powered, the microcontroller inside it rewrites its cells from time to time to avoid losing data. If you store it without using it, after the guaranteed retention time you may lose data. Consumer SSDs and memory sticks are guaranteed for a retention time of 1 year, so you should not expect more than that. Normal HDDs are at least 3 times the price of tapes. To reach only double price of tapes you must choose some super-ancient junk, e.g. 1 TB 3.5" HDDs, which are much slower than tapes and which require a huge size and weight for the same capacity as tapes. 12 TB HDDs have about the same volume as LTO-7 tapes (i.e. about the same volume as two 6 TB tapes), but they are much heavier. LTO-8 tapes have double capacity compared to LTO-7. > but tapes are smaller than disks Tapes are also physically smaller, therfore their capacity per volume is better than for HDDs. Two LTO Ultrium catridges have about the same volume as a 3.5" HDDs, so you have 24 TB in the same space as a 14 TB HDD. Moreover, the HDDs are much heavier. You can easily carry a suitcase with 20 tape cartridges, i.e. with 240 TB. If you would carry a suitcase with 17 HDDs (238 TB), that would be around 14 kg (around 31 lbs). Possible but not at all comfortable. 110 USD is extremely expensive. In Europe, at Amazon, the price is 60 EUR, including sale taxes, for a 6 TB tape from IBM, Quantum, HP or Fuji. Looking at Amazon USA (just search LTO-7), I see prices between USD 63 and USD 69, or even just $60 per cartridge if you buy a 10-pack. That is still more expensive than where I buy, but it is nevertheless far closer to 3 times less than HDDs than to 2 times less than HDDs. As Dylan16807 also said, you waste very little. I am using 6 TB LTO-7 tapes and I group the data written to the tapes in files of approximately 50 GB, which are read from a NVMe SSD. This means that each 50 GB file is written at 3 Gb/s, the maximum tape speed, but after each 50 GB the tape is stopped then restarted. So I write on each tape about 120 files with an aggregate size of up to 45 905 860 blocks of 131 072 bytes each. That is more than the 6.0 TB advertised for the tapes, so I do not waste any measurable tape capacity. The 50 GB file size is chosen because it fits inside the 64 GB RAM of the computer with the tape drive and certain algorithms that I am using to process the tape files (lrzip & par2, for compression & redundancy) are faster when the entire file fits in the RAM. For example on a computer you can use algorithms like lrzip, which search for very long distance redundancies (i.e. not in small data windows like traditional algorithms). This usually achieves a decent compression even on normally incompressible files, e.g. on collections of movies or on collections of PDF files, because it may find repetitions at least e.g. in the headers of the files or of the file sections. If there are similar files, then there are chances that lrzip will find repetitions between files, even if a traditional compression would not find repetitions inside a single file. If de-duplication is possible, then that would also be much more efficient than enabling the compression option of the tape drive. No, tapes become preferable to HDDs at less than 100 TB written, not at multiple petabytes. For many applications and for many people, including for myself in my home, it makes absolutely no sense to use HDDs for anything, but only SSDs & tapes. For long term storage tape is superior in every way to HDDs, while for fast access SSDs are superior in every way to HDDs. Obviously, because the drives are extremely expensive, whoever needs no more than 20 or 30 TB of storage cannot afford tapes and must use a few HDDs. The best storage technology changes in time. 20 years ago I was using optical disks and 10 years ago I was using HDDs, but since I went back to tapes, like I was previously using 30 years ago, I have saved a lot of money and I have much less worries about the HDDs becoming defective. I do not trust any kind of encryption inside devices, because I cannot verify how the keys are managed. The essence of encryption is that the key must not be stored together with the encrypted data, but if a key is ever used inside a device you cannot be sure that it can no longer be retrieved from it in the future. The data files that I am writing to the tapes have their metadata written into a database to be able to retrieve them in the future, then I group them in chunks of an approximately fixed size (50 GB in my case), then I compress them, then I encrypt them and then I add some redundancy (with par2) for error recovery. A simple solution for compression with encryption is the lrzip program, but for more flexibility in encryption you could use e.g. the openssl program invoked with the desired parameters. There are many encryption programs and any of them is better than using the encryption option of a tape drive. So I queue the files to be written on the tape in a directory and when the size of the directory exceeds a threshold (50 GB in my case) a script is invoked that does the processing mentioned above, including the encryption, then it writes the result on the tape. A similar script does the inverse operations when I retrieve a file or group of files from the tape, giving its position as a tape number + a tape file number as obtained from the file database. > why on earth would you need 25 spare computers for 25 drives??? 25 drives fit into a single 4U chass I have already mentioned that with other words at the end of my reply and in that case you will not have a speed 25 times higher, but maybe at most 4 times higher than a single HDD, i.e. twice higher than a single tape drive. Maybe I misunderstood, but the initial posting mentioned a restoring operation from tapes that was slow and my point was that using HDDs is unlikely to make it faster. For a restoring operation the duration will be dominated by sequential transfers, not by seeking, so tape drives would be faster than HDDs, unless you use ridiculous resources, like in my example with a computer per HDD and with a network fast enough to aggregate the data from all computers. If we are talking about general-purpose data storage on tapes, then obviously, what is frequently accessed should be on SSDs, because the average seek time for a file stored on tape will be between 1 minute and 2 minutes. I suppose that there might exist applications where there exists a quantity of data so large that it would be too expensive to be stored on SSDs and with worst case latency requirements so severe that it cannot be stored on tapes, so you have to use HDDs. However, in some 40 years of using all kinds of computer systems in many companies, I have never encountered such an application. Everything I have seen could be better handled by a combination of SSDs and tapes, without any HDDs. The only problem with tapes is the prohibitive cost of drives, which limits their use to data sizes of at least 50 to 100 TB, unless long term storage reliability is more important than the cost. LTO-7 tapes are $10 per TB at Amazon (of course uncompressed), so they are still cheaper, but this $17.50 USD per TB is indeed the cheapest HDD that I have ever seen. Nevertheless, these HDDs are much more expensive than they look at the first glance. The real cost of archival storage is given by the price per TB and per warranty year, because after the warranty time you must replace the storage medium. I have seen countless HDDs that have died just a few months after their warranty time expired. So these drives with 2-year warranty cost $8.75 per TB and per year. The warranty time of the tapes is 30 years, but in fact you must replace them much faster because you will no longer find tape drives able to read them. For LTO tapes, you should expect to replace them after 6 to 10 years. Even with only a 6 year lifetime, the price for tape would be $1.67 per TB per year, i.e. more than 5 times cheaper than those WD HDDs. If you want to just have some backups against accidents, which you expect to erase after a few weeks, then those HDDs could be a good choice. For archival purposes they are still much more expensive than tapes. A few years ago, when Intel had no competition, going for more than 6 cores meant that you had to sacrifice single-thread performance. Now, if you want more than 8 cores, single-thread performance is not a reason to use less than 16 cores (AMD @ 4.7 GHz) or 18 cores (Intel @ 4.8 GHz). You may want to use less cores for cost reasons, but not for performance reasons. We do not know yet the frequencies for the 24-core Threadripper to be launched next month. If they would succeed to have a 4.8 GHz single-core turbo, then ST performance would not be the reason to use less than 24 cores. Before using SystemD for the first time, I also wondered if there is any grain of truth in what its opponents said about SystemD. However, after trying SystemD for one week, I became convinced that the designers of SystemD are incompetent, so they cannot be trusted with a component of such importance for a computer. I am normally a Gentoo user, but a few years ago I wanted to install Linux in a hurry on a small computer. With a slow CPU installing Gentoo can take several hours, unless you have a previously prepared image, so I decided to try ArchLinux. The installation was indeed fast and without problems. However, SystemD behaved in an unexpected way. SystemD is advertised as booting quickly. It indeed booted quickly, but no faster than my optimized Gentoo systems. On the other hand the shutdown with SystemD was very slow. This was a huge surprise, because never before and never after have I encountered any computer where the shutdown is annoyingly slow. Moreover, sometimes the shutdown FAILED , which is also something that I have never encountered on any computer not using SystemD, and I have used thousands of computers, with many kinds of operating systems, including at least eight or nine UNIX flavors other than Linux. The failure of shutdown was apparently due to some kind of race condition when some process was killed faster than some SystemD component expected and that SystemD component was still trying to communicate via DBUS with the defunct process and it blocked because its messages no longer reached the destination. I suppose that this bug might have been corrected eventually, but this is a design error that I consider unforgivable, i.e. to conceive a shutdown sequence which depends on successful inter-process communication. After seeing such a mistake I have lost any confidence in the abilities of the SystemD developers, so I have never tried it again. In my opinion some of the punishments used in antiquity were far more rational than those of today. Prison as a punishment did not exist, because anyone would have considered it stupid to pay money for housing & feeding a felon. For theft and other forms of damage that are not irreversible, the deterrence was achieved not by threatening with prison, but by forcing the guilty person to pay a multiple of the value of the stolen goods or of the damages. The multiplying factor varied from country to country. Where laws were less severe, a thief had to pay double or maybe quadruple, but where laws were more severe a thief had to pay ten times the value of what he had stolen. So even today this would be a better punishment. Nobody has any advantage if someone who has stolen 10 million goes to jail, but if he had to pay back at least 20 million, then that would be real deterrence. In antiquity, those who could not pay back the required amounts risked to become slaves, a method which would not be applicable today. Nevertheless, in the present society where it is almost impossible to hide, it should be easier to enforce payment without such extremes. This does not need to be very accurate to be useful, because you can measure sporadically the blood pressure with a traditional instrument to also have accurate values. If this device would have appeared on the market a few months earlier, my mother could have been still alive. During 2 years she had been in permanent danger of death, because she had to be treated against 2 dangers, but the treatments were incompatible. She could no longer control well the concentrations of sodium & potassium in her body, so for that she had to take sodium & potassium supplements and not take drugs against blood pressure, which would eliminate the sodium & potassium. On the other hand, she had fragile blood vessels and was in permanent danger of having a hemorrhagic stroke, for which she needed to take blood pressure drugs. During 2 years I have succeeded to balance the incompatible requirements, but one day came when that failed. The reason why the balance was very difficult to achieve was the lack of non-invasive methods for measuring both the electrolyte concentrations in blood and the blood pressure. Because the measurements were extremely unpleasant, I had to measure the Na & K concentrations just once per month and the blood pressure at most once per day. So most of the time I had to just guess the dose of drugs to be given. If this new Omron device would have been available earlier, I would have certainly bought it. If it would have been used all the time, then it is likely that I would have been warned early enough of the unexpected peak of high blood pressure that caused the stroke, so I might have prevented the end. CORRECTION: I have written the above before reading the manual, so I was wrong. This cannot be used for continuous measurement as I hoped, it is just a more convenient variant of the older Omron wrist drvices, which I was already using. There are actually prototypes for non-invasive continuous blood pressure measurement devices, based on the same methods as the pulse monitors. There are now even experimental kits, e.g. from Maxim. However, those devices require individual calibration, because they measure how much the arteries are dilated at the peak of blood pressure but that must be correlated with the blood pressure measurements taken with a traditional instrument. Such devices have just started to appear and at the first glance I have believed that this is one of them. This watch can be useful too, but it is not applicable for continuous monitoring. It should be a doctor's job to determine the doses, when they have to be changed every day, but I am not the CEO of some company, to be able to afford the fees of a doctor that would have to come every day to my house for years. Before bringing her home, 2 years ago, I already had to pay, for an emergency surgery and for 2 weeks in intensive care, an amount of money with which I could have bought a new home (here in Europe houses are much cheaper than in USA). Moreover, no doctor could do any better, because without continuous measurements nobody could guess the state of the patient better than me, who had a long experience about how her fluctuations in blood concentrations and pressure would manifest. Actually all her problems were caused in the beginning by wrong diagnostics put by real doctors, before I learned enough to be able to take care of her. Even this Omron watch is not what I would have needed, devices for non-invasive (i.e. without artery constriction) continuous monitoring of blood pressure are a very active area of research and are expected to become soon widely available, so in the not-distant future the treatment of such patients will become much easier. In my opinion the departures from the Jurassic Park novel were not just incidental. I enjoyed very much the Jurassic Park visual effects, but I despised the script as one of the most disappointing adaptations of novels, because it completely failed to convey the message of the book. The central idea of the book was that there are things so complex, i.e. chaotic systems, that regardless how good you are and how great are your efforts to control them, unpredictable failure is unavoidable. I did not see anything of that in the movie, where the failure of the park was just the consequence of stupid mistakes made by a bunch of morons, not the consequence of objective laws, as in the book. The Latin alphabet lost a few Greek letters, but retained "F", which existed in older Greek alphabets but was lost in newer alphabets. Latin changed the pronunciation of a few letters and later added letters, at the end of the alphabet, except for "G" (which replaced an abandoned Greek letter). Before that, the Greeks took the Phoenician alphabet, which had 22 letters ending in "R", "S" and "T". The Greeks lost a few Phoenician letters and added new letters after "T". The Phoenicians inherited the alphabet from other closely related Semitic people (very little is known about those), but the Phoenician language was simplified during time and the Phoenician alphabet lost 5 letters from the older alphabet, which had 27 letters. I am not aware of an older alphabet whose order is known, besides the old 27-letter ancestor of the Phoenician alphabet. Most evidence about the letter order of the old 27-letter alphabet comes from the Ugaritic alphabet, which was also derived from it, like the Phoenician, but which replaced the graphic signs used by the older alphabet with cuneiform signs, nevertheless retaining the names and the order of the original 27 letters. The Ugaritic alphabet added 3 new letters after the original 27 letters. The names of the first 27 letters of the Ugaritic alphabet can be seen in the Unicode database (from 0x10380 to 0x1039A). Many school exercises with the Ugaritic alphabet have been unearthed, so there is no doubt about the letter order. Yes, but the numeric values were attached to the letters much later (providing a means for writing numbers), many hundreds of years after the alphabetic letter order was established. I have forgotten to mention that my point was that all known alphabets derive their order from an ancient 27-letter Semitic alphabet, so any hypotheses about the origin of the letter order must discuss the order of the original 27 letters, not the order of the letters of more recent alphabets, which just copied the original order, then deleting some letters and adding new letters, usually at the end of the alphabet. Intel's server/workstation CPUs have had 2 memory controllers during the last several generations, so even if the whole CPU is seen as a single NUMA node by the software, the actual memory access latency has always been different from core to core, depending on the core position on the intercommunication mesh or ring. So what ??? The initial posting was about the CPU being seen as a single or multiple NUMA node by the software, not about having an equal memory access latency for all cores, which has never been true for any server/workstation CPU, from any vendor, since many, many years ago. There is a link close to the animated gif to another post ( https://mikesmathpage.wordpress.com/2016/01/16/can-you-belie... ) where this is shown with more details. When you fold the dodecahedron into a cube, inside the cube there is an empty space having the form of a stellated polyhedron, which has 8 pointed vertices on the 8 vertices of the cube. In the center of the stellated polyhedron there is an empty icosahedron. In Europe RPI 4 with 4 GB is EUR 60, so even with lower shipping fees the price would be about the same. In some benchmarks RPI 4 is slightly faster, in others it is slower. So neither price nor performance favor strongly one over the other. Depending on the application, the included WiFi of RPI 4 may be more useful, or the included 4-port USB 3 hub of ODROID-C4 may be more useful. For myself, the 4-port hub is more useful. For some people, including myself, much more important is the fact that the RPI 4 CPU implements an obsolete instruction set, unlike the ODROID-C4 CPU, which implements the better ARMv8.2-A instruction set. There is only one other cheap computer with ARMv8.2-A: Khadas VIM3L (a little more expensive, less DRAM, WiFi included, another variant of the same processor, no USB hub but PCI-E on an expansion connector). It seems that the performance was dominated by memory management, so the comparison is not between the languages per se, but between their current garbage collectors, and respectively the reference counting implementation for C++. Cortex-A72 is faster than Cortex-A55, but only when it is well cooled, which will never happen on a credit-card-sized computer, unless you use either a noisy fan or a passive heatsink larger than the board. ODROID-C4, as delivered, with only a small passive heatsink, can run indefinitely with all cores at 2 GHz, without overheating. Therefore a Raspberry Pi 4 without improved cooling will be in many cases slower, due to throttling, despite the larger Cortex-A72 cores. Moreover, Cortex-A72 implements an obsolete instruction set, while Cortex-A55 implements the ARMv8.2-A instruction set, which for certain applications, e.g. for the synchronization of multiple threads (i.e. for atomic instructions), has significant improvements. Like most other ODROID boards, less components are included in the base price, but everything that you might want is available as add-on accessories. For example 4 GB DRAM are soldered, so they are included in the $50, but the eMMC flash memory is on a socket, so you can choose any size between 8 GB and 128 GB, depending on how much you want to pay, or you may choose no eMMC and use just a microSD card. WiFi and Bluetooth are available as very cheap USB devices. I actually prefer that ODROID-C4 includes a 4-port USB 3.0 hub, which RPI 4 lacks, instead of including WiFi in the base configuration, because I always need as many fast USB ports as possible, but I do not always need WiFi. For about $100, you can buy an ODROID-C4 with 4 GB DRAM, 64 GB eMMC, case, power supply and adapters for writing the eMMC on another computer and for the serial console. For a similar configuration with RPI 4, you must pay $55 for the 4 GB variant and then you must buy a 64 GB microSD card, which will be much slower than the ODROID eMMC and you must also buy a case and a PSU. The total price will probably be similar, but the performance will be significantly lower for many applications, due to slower DRAM, slower non-volatile memory and bad cooling on RPI 4. Which of Raspberry Pi 4 or ODROID-C4 is preferable, depends on the application. Neither of them is better for all applications. If the power consumption matters, then ODROID-C4 is better. If the performance of the non-volatile memory is a limitation, then ODROID-C4 is much faster. If the speed of DRAM is a limitation, then ODROID-C4 is faster. If the application requires sustained performance with all cores active, then ODROID-C4 is faster, unless a custom cooler is used with RPI 4, which must be either very noisy or very large (larger than the board). To be more clear, the list of of advantages mentioned above make ODROID-C4 a better choice for any server-like application, while Raspberry Pi 4 is probably better for a personal-computer-like application. I do not use a credit-card-sized computer as a PC instead of my laptop, but I use such computers in server-like applications, so for my uses, ODROID-C4 is better. After you add all the required accessories, the prices fror RPI 4 and for ODROID-C4 are very similar, for both of them you would reach around $100 for a decent system, but the ODROID shop is somewhat more convenient because you can buy from a single place almost any accessory you might need besides the basic board. The better performance is due mainly to faster flash memory (eMMC), faster DRAM memory and bad standard cooling on RPI4. For benchmarks that depend only on the CPU, using an improved cooler on RPI4 would increase the sustained performance above Cortex-A55, except for some custom programs that could be written to take advantage of the newer extra instructions available on Cortex-A55. I want to add that for a fanless credit-card-sized computer, a quadruple Cortex-A55 is the correct CPU choice. A quadruple smartphone core like the obsolete Cortex-A72 or any of its successors, Cortex-A75, Cortex-A76 and Cortex-A77, requires a smartphone-sized board, unless you use a noisy fan for cooling. There exists also the fanless ODROID-N2, with a quadruple Cortex-A73, which, being well designed, has a larger board, which has an area similar to a smartphone or NUC. The RPI4 has a too large CPU for its size, unless fan noise is considered acceptable. Even if these are interesting research results, in my opinion, "anyon" is a stupid word choice. It might have been a good joke initially, but it should not have persisted as a scientific name. The termination "-on" in the Ancient Greek words "electron" and "proton" does not have any concrete meaning, it is just the thematic vowel "o" followed by the marker "n", of a singular neuter noun (originally "m", but in Ancient Greek all final "m" became "n"). Combining some undeclinable English word with an Ancient Greek case termination seems ugly and pointless for me (not that "fermion" and "boson" are any better from this point of view). Even if we accept making words to rhyme as a technique for coining new words, "anyon" remains a bad choice, because it is easily confused with "anion" (introduced by Faraday almost two hundred years ago). I assume that "anyon" is meant to have a different pronunciation, i.e. like "any-on", but nonetheless, in almost all other languages the vowels are pronounced different than in English and the default pronunciation for "anyon" and "anion" will likely be the same. Like I have said, the main problem is the too great similarity to an existing word, which is expected to be used in the same contexts. The reference to Ancient Greek is a matter of taste, I prefer new words to either have a meaning or to have no meaning, i.e. to be random. I find words with nonsense meaning irritating and more difficult to remember. At least "fermion" is just a distorted form of Fermi, which does not suggest any specific meaning. On the other hand "any on", has a meaning, but a nonsensical one, i.e. its suggests a reference to any one of the "ons", but there is no such thing as an "on", as that is just a grammatical case marker. By the way, the "-on" in "anion" is not the same as the "-on" in proton. While the "-on" in proton comes from "-om", the "-on" in anion comes from "-ont", which corresponds to the English "-ing", the suffix of the active participle (anion = upwards-going). While "vulva" is now the correct medical term, initially it was also an euphemism, used as wrongly as some people use now "vagina". In the beginning, "vulva" was a synonym for "uterus" and its current meaning arose much later, because some began to use it in order to avoid the correct word "cunnus". The larger number of the original Maxwell equations has little significance, it is due to the fact that they were equations for the components, as the vector notation was not used yet. What is important is that the original Maxwell equations were in integral form, so that they are applicable to more general cases than the differential equations of Heaviside. Even if the Heaviside equations are what is known by most people as the Maxwell equations, they are not equivalent with the original Maxwell equations. The Heaviside equations are a consequence of the original Maxwell integral equations in certain special cases (no discontinuities, no movement). Heaviside did a good job at simplifying the teaching of the Maxwell equations, but at the same time his approach resulted for many students in a superficial and incomplete understanding. "but only metals are able to conduct electricity" This is incorrect. Any substance that contains free electricity carriers will conduct electricity. Examples of electrical conductors that are not metals: 1. Liquid electrolytes 2. Solid electrolytes 3. Semiconductors 4. Ionized gases 5. Vacuum in which electrons or ions have been injected by some means All of the above are used in common devices. The metals are solid or liquid electrical conductors which contain free electrons that are intrinsic, i.e. not produced by various methods, like in semiconductors. Besides free electrons, metal have a second characteristic, which was used already in the 18th century to distinguish metals from semi-metals. While this distinction is seldom mentioned nowadays, it remains useful. Metals have both free electrons and a crystal structure that allows plastic deformation (i.e. with high coordination number), while semi-metals have free electrons, but they have a crystal structure that does not allow plastic deformation, i.e. they are fragile. Examples of semi-metals: graphite, antimony, bismuth. Unfortunately, I have learned from experience that it is a great mistake to trust that the doctors know best, regardless how experiences and how expensive they might be. Regarding treatments, yes, most medical doctors are competent and it is likely that they know better than you. On the other hand, regarding diagnosis, errors are frequent, for 2 reasons: 1. Most medical doctors are too narrowly specialized and they are experts in their narrow fields but ignorant about other medical domains. Unless you have an obvious problem it is quite likely for you to go to a medical doctor of a wrong specialty and receive a misdiagnosis instead of being redirected to an appropriate specialist. 2. Each human has a complex medical history, which is normally unknown to the doctor who attempts to diagnose you. The doctor might have some past data provided by you or by other doctors who treated you in the past, but that is not enough to know well your characteristics. Because of that, the doctor will try to attribute your symptoms to the most frequent causes encountered at other patients, even if there are reasons in your history that make those causes completely improbable. I have experienced this several times, when I have received a misdiagnosis and I could not believe it because I know my body and I know how it feels, even if the doctors were right that the symptoms were frequently caused at other people by what they thought to be the correct diagnosis. Every time, second opinions confirmed that I was right, because even if those doctors had experience with thousands of other patients, I have an experience of half a century with my body and I understand it better than anyone can understand it after 5 minutes of examination. Regarding cancer, my father broke his arm and he went to an orthopedist, who put a misdiagnosis of osteoporosis. In fact he had bone cancer. Even if it was a cancer form that has good chances of treatment with some recent drugs, my father lost half of year due to the misdiagnosis and by then it was too late. I have read a medical manual and my father had obvious symptoms of bone cancer, exactly as they were listed in the manual, word by word (continuous all-day pain, which was confused with arthrosis by the doctor, followed by a bone fracture as a result of small effort, which should not have been enough to fracture the bone, which was confused by the doctor as being caused by osteoporosis). A competent doctor should have recognized that even if he had assigned the symptoms to what he thought as the most probable causes, there are also other possible causes, e.g. cancer, and he should have sent my father to supplementary investigations, e.g. scintigraphy, which would have discovered immediately the cancer and allowed adequate treatment. Unfortunately, I was not prescient enough to have read the medical manual before the problem appeared, because I naively trusted that whenever medical problems will appear I will just pay professionals and they will solve the problems. It did not happen so. My mother also had serious problems because of a misdiagnosis. In her case it was not cancer, but I have also discovered after reading the appropriate textbook that her symptoms were completely typical, but also unknown to the doctor (of a wrong specialty) which consulted her first. ) You have already reverse-engineered the address adder, maybe it is time to study the ALU and write about it. I am very grateful for your published work, thanks a lot ! I agree with what you said, but there is a reason for wanting to converge on ARM. There exists no good alternative. ARMv8.2 or newer is a very well designed ISA, while RISC-V is a very bad ISA and I would hate to be forced to use it. OpenPOWER is a far better ISA than RISC-V, but unfortunately most developers do not have any experience with POWER and they have the wrong belief that POWER is some antique ISA while RISC-V must be some modern fashionable ISA. Therefore even if OpenPOWER is much better, it is less likely than RISC-V to be used as a replacement for ARM. I and probably thousands of other engineers could design a much better ISA than RISC-V in a week of work, but no one of the creators of those thousands of new ISA variants would be able to convince all the other people to choose his/her variant over the others and start the significant amount of work needed for porting all the required software tools, e.g. LLVM and gcc. So, if ARM would no longer be an acceptable choice, I do not see any hope that its replacement would not be greatly inferior. Unfortunately, after the last years any non-US citizen would rather have ARM technology owned by a Saudi fund or by any other non-US entity. When you choose to include ARM technology in some of your products, then you will spend a lot of time and money for the implementation and you will need a long term availability of that technology, to be able to recover you costs and to give you time to switch to another technology, if desired. Now any long-term commitment for providing any US-owned technology can no longer be believed, because precedents show that such commitments can be unilaterally canceled at any time, without an early enough warning. I hope that NVIDIA does not have any plans to damage the development and licensing of Cortex-M and Cortex-R microcontrollers. This is a business that has no overlap over what NVIDIA does and maybe NVIDIA could spin off this part of ARM as a separate company, because I can hardly imagine the NVIDIA management focusing in this business, where they do not have any experience. On the other hand, ARM Cortex-A CPUs are better than those designed by NVIDIA and they are used in products (e.g. by Qualcomm) that directly compete with NVIDIA products. I cannot imagine that NVIDIA will continue to design better Cortex-A cores and then give them immediately to their competitors. This has been discussed many times on many forums on the Internet. The summary is that RISC-V is inefficient because it requires more instructions to do the same work as other ISAs and it does not have any advantage to compensate for this flaw. Those extra instructions appear especially in almost all loops and the most important reason is that RISC-V has a worse set of addressing modes than the the vacuum-tube computers from more than 60 years ago, which were built only with a few thousands tubes, compared to the millions or billions of transistors available now for a CPU. Because of this defect of the RISC-V ISA, the Alibaba team who designed the RISC-V implementation with the highest current performance (Xuantie910, which was presented last month at Hot Chips) had to add a custom ISA extension with additional addressing modes, in order to be able to reach an acceptable speed. Whenever the designers of the RISC-V ISA are criticized, they reply that the larger number of instructions is not important, because any high-performance implementation should do instruction fusion, to be able to reach the IPC of other ISAs. Nevertheless, that is wrong for 2 reasons, instruction fusion cannot reduce the larger code size due to the inefficient instruction encoding and the hardware required for decoding more instructions in parallel and for doing instruction fusion is much more complex than the hardware required for decoding less instructions with a better encoding as in other ISAs. As the article says, "medusa" is a modern name for jellyfish. The Ancient Greeks and Romans called the jellyfish "sea lungs", because of the resemblance between the pulsation of jellyfish and the respiration of terrestrial vertebrates. Compression methods reduce the size of the code, but that does not matter when assessing the efficiency of the base instruction encoding. If you would apply the same compression methods to a more compact original encoding then the compressed code would be even smaller. Competing ISAs, such as ARM (Thumb), MIPS (nanoMIPS) and POWER also have compressed encoding variants. ARMv8 was a clean design not constrained by compatibility with the past and it was created by people having a lot of experience with the implementation of ISAs in hardware and in software tools. Therefore there is no surprise that it is an efficient ISA. The only significant flaw in its first version was the lack of atomic instructions, but that was corrected in the subsequent versions. The 32-bit POWER was a very nice ISA, but it was not designed to be extendable to 64-bit. It had blocks of the encoding space reserved for future extensions, but various details of the instruction word formats depended on the fact that the size of the registers was 32 bit. When POWER was extended to 64-bit, much earlier than IBM expected, i.e. only 5 years after the introduction of the 32-bit variant, the extension was constrained because IBM has chosen to not have a mode switch like ARM but they have chosen to make a compatible ISA extension, i.e. which has the original POWER ISA as an instruction subset. This has constrained the instruction encodings, so the 64-bit POWER ISA has some parts that seem more clumsy that in ARMv8 and the result is that programs for POWER are usually slightly larger than their ARMv8 equivalents. However, the hardware implementation effort for equivalent performance levels should be very similar for POWER and ARM and significantly less for both than for x86. POWER also had a compressed encoding variant, but that was implemented in very few chips. Now the latest ISA variant has introduced 2 instruction word lengths, i.e. both 64-bit and 32-bit long instructions, instead of just 32-bit long instructions. This allows the embedding of large immediate constants in the instructions, which is an important advantage of x86 vs. traditional RISC ISAs. This might help to reduce the sizes of many POWER programs. It is very difficult to make a non-biased comparison between different ISAs. If you just compile some benchmark programs for 2 different architectures and you look at the program sizes and the execution times, the differences might happen to be determined mostly by the quality of the compilers, not by the ISAs, in which case you could reach a wrong conclusion. Many years ago, on one occasion I have spent many months working at the porting of a real-time operating system between Motorola 68k and 32-bit POWER. At another time I have also spent a couple of months with the porting of many device drivers between 32-bit POWER and 32-bit ARM and Thumb. Such projects required a lot of examination of the code generated by compilers for the target architectures and also a lot of time spent with writing some optimized assembly sequences for a few parts of the code that were critical for the performance. After spending so much time, i.e. weeks or months, with porting some large program, whose performance you understand well, between 2 ISAs, you may be reasonably confident of having a correct comparison of them. If you want to reach a conclusion in a few hours at most, it is unlikely to be able to find an unbiased benchmark. RISC-V is however a special case. Even if I have never spent time with implementing any program for it, after having experience with assembly programming for more than a dozen ISAs, when I see that almost any RISC-V loop may require up to a double number of instructions compared to most other ISAs, then I do not need more investigations to realize that reaching the same level of performance with RISC-V will require more complex hardware than for other ISAs. Also, when comparing ISAs, I place a large weight on how good those ISAs are at GMPbench, i.e. at large number arithmetic. In my experience with embedded system programming large integer operations are useful much more frequently than traditional RISC ISA designers believe. While x86 has always been very good at GMPbench, many traditional RISC ISAs suck badly, because they lack either good carry handling instructions or good double-word multiply/divide/shift instructions. RISC-V also seems to have particularly bad multi-word operation support. Alibaba have presented their Xuantie910 RISC-V processor, one month ago at Hot Chips. It is by far the RISC-V CPU with the highest performance ever designed. Nevertheless, to reach that performance, they had to add a custom instruction set extension with indexed addressing modes, as a workaround for the greatest defect of the RISC-V ISA, its incomplete set of addressing modes. "USB attached storage" includes not only USB sticks, but many other devices, e.g. memory cards or SSD's connected through UDB adapters. I have run 24/7 many SSD's attached via USB, with no reliability problems. Usually buying SATA or NVME SSD's and separate USB adapters for them is cheaper than buying USB SSD's, which actually contain an internal USB adapter. The problem is that the US in its international relationships never cares about any laws, normal or otherwise. In this case they demand the extradition of Assange for supposedly having done some minor crime, but in the past the US have refused to extradite their people wanted for major crimes, like manslaughter, which were proven beyond any reasonable doubt. For example, one of the cases that I am aware of happened some years ago at the US embassy from Bucharest, Romania. Someone from the military personnel of the US embassy has driven a SUV while drunk and he hit a taxi cab killing the passenger. The American ran away from the accident place and in a few hours he was smuggled from the country by the embassy, so when the police came in the morning to arrest him he could no longer be found. There was absolutely no doubt about his guilt, but nevertheless the US refused to extradite him and he was never punished for taking a human life. There have been many such cases with US citizens in many countries, so whenever the US demands that other countries should extradite their people for supposedly breaking US laws, the US government shows extreme shamelessness, by asking others to do what the US will not do. Unfortunately there are many servile foreign governments who accept this asymmetry in their relationship with the US. While the results are interesting, the chosen list of precursors is somewhat implausible. Three of them are completely OK (water, hydrogen sulfide and dinitrogen), because they must have been abundant before the origin of life. Ammonia is also OK, even if should have been less abundant. However, methane and especially hydrogen cyanide should have been several orders of magnitude less abundant than the others, so it is much less likely that they played any significant role. On the other hand they ignored 2 other precursors that were certainly very abundant in early volcanic/vent gases and which likely provided the main source of energy for driving the organic syntheses: dihydrogen and carbon monoxide. A part of the hypothesis about the RNA world is correct, but all of it seems very unlikely. It is almost certain that DNA appeared later than RNA, probably in some kind of virus. Also, it is a logical necessity that the transcription of RNA into proteins, including the ribosomes and the transfer RNAs appeared only later than the replication of RNA. The part of the RNA world hypothesis that seems unlikely because it has very few supporting data is that the original biocatalysts a.k.a. enzymes were RNA molecules unlike anything that exists today. In my opinion, it is far more likely that the first enzymes were non-ribosomal peptides, somewhat resembling to parts of the proteins that constitute the enzymes of recent life forms. ATP and other nucleotides must have existed before RNA as a means to perform condensation (i.e. dehydration) reactions and the copolymerization of the nucleotides must have appeared as some undesirable side reaction, which somehow at some point generated some sort of self-replicating RNA, which was in fact the first virus, because its synthesis could not have any beneficial effects for the hosting life form. Only after the appearance of the transcription of RNA to proteins, the RNA could evolve into a source of components for the hosting life form so that RNA could change from a parasitic entity to an essential part. Life forms with RNA (and later with DNA) are analog with microprogrammable processors, because the nucleic acid molecules are memories which direct the synthesis of other components, so you can change the components by writing a different information in the memories, without changing the synthesis machinery. This kind of flexibility was certainly necessary for further evolution. Life forms before RNA are analog to hard-coded processors. Supposing that they were made with non-ribosomal peptides, there must have been a mechanism by which a complete life form was replicated, by a cycle of reactions were some kinds of peptides were assembled by other kinds of peptides. Non-ribosomal peptides exist even today in all living beings and they are assembled in the correct sequence from amino-acids without depending directly on the information stored in nucleic acids, like the proteins. Memories, like nucleic acids, are certainly not necessary for designing an ensemble of molecules able of self-replication, exactly like a memory is not necessary for implementing the control automaton of a processor. Nevertheless, it is likely that the further evolution of such a primordial life form was almost impossible, because all accidental changes in the structure of the component molecules would have resulted in a replication failure. After the separation of functions between a memory (nucleic acid) and a generic synthesis machine, evolution by changing the memory content became much more likely to be successful. Of course, by mixing any substances you will never obtain anything, because eventually the system will reach some equilibrium state. What is needed is a continuous flux of energy and precursor substances, like a source of volcanic gases, or, more likely, an alkaline hydrothermal vent. Only under the action of such a continuous flux, complex systems may emerge. The simplest example is the appearance of oscillations when you attach a source of energy to various simple arrangement of devices. For the appearance of life, besides the continuous flux of energy and simple molecules, catalysts were required, which must have been metallic sulfides, mainly of Fe, Co and Ni. If we would reproduce such a setup now, a large variety of organic compounds would be synthesized. A similar process can be used to obtain synthetic gasoline. Nevertheless, for the unlikely event of creating a self-replicating system, a very long time will be needed and also the chance of the right combination of metallic sulfide catalysts being located in close proximity and the chance of favorable proportions of the precursors in the flux of gases. For now, we do not know enough to be able to estimate how likely or unlikely was the appearance of life, but we know that it was possible (I mean we know that this is possible from chemistry, independently of the fact that we know that we exist). Such an estimation would become possible only after someone will succeed to design a self-replicating system similar with the first life forms. The first life forms probably not only did not have nucleic acids but also did not use yet phosphate in any way and they were not cellular but they were attached on the surface of minerals. At some point, but probably later than achieving replication, they might have had the form of membranes closing pores of minerals in hydrothermal vents, before the membranes became able to close, forming cells with an interior separated from the exterior. Closed cells could appear only after having a more complex metabolism and various kinds of ionic pumps, while the earlier membranes closing mineral pores could passively exploit the ionic fluxes of the hydrothermal vents. This is a very good recommendation. There are several other publications on this subject by Nick Lane, which can be easily googled, and all of them are good. They are somewhat incomplete, because there are parts that are not covered, especially about what is known on the metallic catalysts that were required for the emergence of life, but overall, the Nick Lane publications are the best from what I have seen. Yes, the first life forms which also used phosphate and derivates like the phospholipids must have been already too complex to be believable as being the very first systems able of self replications. The role of phosphate anhydride derivatives (like ATP nowadays) in performing condensation reactions must have been initially fulfilled by sulfur compounds (thioesters & disulfides, probably just pyrite at the earliest time). The role of phospholipids in membranes must have been fulfilled by some simpler molecules combining hydrophobic with hydrophilic parts, maybe just free fatty acids in the beginning. The first membranes must have been much more permeable than the membranes used by the last common ancestor so either shorter free fatty acids or some simpler ester or ether of shorter fatty acids should have been enough for them. You are right that are examples of RNA that functions as a catalyst, e.g. inside the ribosomes and in the spliceosome. While the known functions of catalytic RNA are indeed, as you say, ubiquitous, very important and they certainly were already present in the last common ancestor of all present cellular living beings, none of those functions are likely to be so ancient as to have existed in the first life forms. The nucleotides that compose a RNA molecule do not have chemical properties that are different enough to allow RNA to have a versatility comparable with the peptides/proteins, which can be used to make catalysts for a much wider range of chemical reactions and which can be attached to membranes for some of the most important functions, e.g. for ionic pumps. While the number of amino-acids must have been much smaller in the beginning, it is likely that about 6 were already in use, i.e. alanine, a hydrophobic (valine), an acid (aspartic), an alcohol (serine) and 2 with unusual forms (glycine and proline) that can determine how the peptide will coil and fold. The variety of amino-acid properties, even in the minimal set, allows the implementation of much more functions than can be imagined for RNA. I am not aware of an example of a catalytically active polypeptide which is assembled without any RNA template, but that is not very relevant, because there is no doubt that, after the appearance of the transcription of RNA into proteins, most non-ribosomal peptides must have been replaced by more complex proteins, which were able to perform a more specific and faster catalysis. I do not agree that "what’s necessary is some kind of structure that records bits of information in some kind of order". On the contrary, this is what is impossible to have existed and it is the main reason why RNA must have been a later invention, after self-replicating life forms already existed for a long time. What I say here about RNA, is valid for any other kind of molecular memory, so it is unlikely that any other polymer was used before RNA, as in some hypotheses. Any other function of RNA besides the self replication of the RNA molecule must have appeared only much later, after a long evolution of RNA. The reason is that even if any kind of useful RNA molecule, e.g. a catalytic ribozyme, ever appeared earlier, it disappeared without descendents, because it was not replicated. So, if the RNA replication was the first function, that requires both the presence of ATP and of the other nucleotides and of some macromolecule that will catch the nucleotides and link them into the RNA molecule, using as a template the RNA that is replicated. Even if we assume that the actual catalyst of the RNA replication was also a RNA molecule, that leaves open the source of the component nucleotides. There must have already existed a catalytic system that transformed the simple precursors from the environment into ATP and other nucleotides through a long chain of reactions. There exists no other better hypothesis for the nature of those catalysts than that they were non-ribosomal peptides resembling the active segments of the present-day enzymes that are used for those reactions. Like I have already said, it is a logical impossibility for any kind of information-recording molecular memory to have existed since the beginning. The way how the still existing non-ribosomal peptides are assembled in the correct sequence in the present-day organisms is not known well. Also the way how membranes are assembled is not known well. We have much less information about these than about nucleic acid replication and protein synthesis, for which a large number of investigative tools have been developed. In any case, it is possible to imagine (and I believe that the attempt to design such a system would be a worthy research subject) a self-replicating system without any molecular memory, where some kind of peptides directed the assembling of another kind of peptides, which directed the assembling of another kind of peptides and so on for several steps, until the cycle was closed and the last kind of peptides directed the assembling of the first kind. Of course, that must not have been just a simple cycle but a network of reactions, to generate all the components of the life form, but the network of reactions must have included all the cycles required to ensure that the complete replication of the life form is done. In conclusion, you are right about "how important this information storage requirement is for evolution" and I have already written in a previous post that the evolution of the complex living beings of today could not have happened without the invention of a molecular memory. Nevertheless, it is impossible for any such information storage mechanism to have already existed since the origin of life. You are right, but if you buy a motherboard that claims to support ECC, you will usually not have any problems. For example I am using an ASUS Pro WS X570-ACE, which is a reasonably priced workstation board ($300) with a Ryzen 7 3700X and ECC memory. ECC worked OK, without any problems. I have also used a couple of ASRock MB's and ECC also worked OK on them. I would much prefer more guarantees from AMD, but rather than buying a slow Intel CPU I prefer a little risk with AMD. Even more significant is that it beats the newest Intel Tiger Lake by 6% at equal clock frequencies (at 4.8 GHz). That means that AMD will enjoy a better IPC than anything Intel for at least 1 year, until the end of 2021, when Intel will launch Alder Lake. Intel Rocket Lake, expected in March 2021, cannot have an IPC better than Tiger Lake, so it will also have an IPC slower by at least 6% than Zen 3. Because Zen 3 tops at 4.9 GHz, Rocket Lake will have to reach at least 5.3 ... 5.4 GHz to match or maybe exceed Zen 3. No, the top model of Rocket Lake will have only 8 cores & 16 threads. Therefore, for multi-threaded tasks it will be much slower than Zen 3. However, it is expected to have an IPC comparable with Ice Lake and Tiger Lake, so if it would reach 5.4 GHz, it might be a little faster than Zen 3 for single-threaded tasks and gaming. ECC statistics are available for Ryzen if you use Linux (configured to load the appropriate EDAC module). So on Linux, ECC is fully supported, even with Ryzen. The new Zen 3 cores are expected to have a higher AVX throughput per cycle than all Intel CPUs, except the most expensive models of Xeon Gold, Platinum or W and the HEDT i9 models that have dual AVX-512 FMA units. The cheaper models with only one AVX-512 FMA unit have a lower throughput, which will be exceeded by Zen 3, even at the same clock frequency. For multi-threaded tasks, Zen 3 CPUs will have a higher clock-frequency than any Intel CPU, so it is expected that any older Intel CPU will be beaten easily. It remains to be seen which will be the performances of the Ice Lake Server CPUs, to be launched before the end of the year. However, miracles are not expected, because these are using the older Intel 10 nm technology, not the improved one used by Tiger Lake. I have used an older ASRock MB with the first generation Zen, and it was OK with ECC. With Ryzen 3xxx, I have used ASUS Pro WS X570-ACE ($315), which is sold as a workstation board, so you definitely should expect ECC to work without problems, and also the Mini-ITX MB ASRock X570 Phantom Gaming-ITX/TB3 ($230), which also worked OK. I expect that the other ASRock MB's (most of them or maybe all of them specify the support of ECC) also work OK with ECC modules. The ASrock Rack server board should also not have any problems with ECC. IIRC that server board supports only up to DDR4-2933, but until now faster unbuffered ECC memory modules were not sold anywhere, so that is not a disadvantage. Edit: I have looked again at the ASRock site and they have updated the memory support specification. If you use only 2 UDIMM modules (i.e. up to 64 GB total), then you can use up to DDR4-3200 (which I have never seen offered anywhere until now; 2666 is easy to find, 2933 is also supported by Intel since March, so it should become available soon). Most or all workstation CPUs with AVX-512 (Xeon W or Core i9) have indeed dual 512-bit FMA units. However most server models with AVX-512 have only one 512-bit FMA unit. That includes all Xeon Bronze, all Xeon Silver and a few Xeon Gold. All Xeon Platinum and most Xeon Gold have dual units, but those are extremely expensive. It is really useful to include ARM cores in a FPGA, but Xilinx has remain stuck with completely obsolete cores (Cortex-A53 and Cortex-A72) since forever. The modern ARM cores, starting with Cortex-A55 (2017), use the corrected ISA ARMv8.2-A. On the ancient cores used by Xilinx, when writing multithreaded applications, it is annoying to lack atomic instructions. Yes, sure atomic instructions can be simulated with only the base ARMv8.0-A ISA, but it is not possible to guarantee worst case timings for the simulated atomics (because of retries). Yes, even on a computer where the throughput of AVX-512 is the same as the throughput of AVX/AVX2, like Tiger Lake, it is usually much easier to reach that throughput with AVX-512 than with AVX/AVX2. The mask registers can eliminate special prologue or epilogue code for the loops and having more and larger registers make it much easier to overlap enough computations so that the latencies of the operations are hidden. I would never buy again an Intel CPU without AVX-512, because that has already for some time been their main advantage and now it remains their only advantage over AMD. Unfortunately for Intel, even if AVX-512 is a great improvement, it cannot compensate for a number of cores half of the competition. Intel needs to launch the 8-core Tiger Lake H no later than March 2021, but it would be better for them if they could do it earlier. The only substances that might have a chance to be profitably mined from asteroids are those that on Earth are concentrated at depths too great to be accessible and they are depleted at the Earth surface by thousands of times, or at least hundreds of times. These elements are: 1. The 6 platinum-group elements 2. Rhenium and gold 3. Tellurium, selenium and germanium Besides these elements, only indium might be profitable. Indium is depleted only a little at the Earth surface, but its original abundance is very low, so additional extra-terrestrial sources could be useful. From all the rare elements, indium is the one for which there are no good substitutes in its main applications. Indium is completely irreplaceable in the best lighting sources (i.e. LEDs), in the best power semiconductor devices (with gallium nitride) and in the best transparent conductors (required e.g. for computer displays). For transparent conductors there are great efforts to find a substitute and those might eventually be successful. Nevertheless until now all the alternatives have various disadvantages. Iron and nickel are too abundant on Earth, so their transport from elsewhere cannot be profitable. They and other abundant elements can be mined only for building structures on those asteroids or in space. The metals that are much more abundant on asteroids than on Earth will be dissolved in the Fe-Ni-Co metal in concentrations varying between 2 ppm for the most abundant (ruthenium) down to 0.05 ppm for the least abundant (rhenium). While these very low concentrations are still thousands of times larger than the average concentrations on Earth, mining them on asteroids would still require processing thousands of tons of Fe-Ni-Co metal for a few kilograms of precious metals. On asteroids that have never been melted, the processing could be easier, because most of the precious metals might be present in very small refractory grains dispersed between the grains of Fe-Ni-Co metal and silicate minerals and maybe a cheaper separation method could be found than for the case when they are in solution. However, the same huge quantities of material need to be processed. Right now, it is quite certain that this cannot be profitable. Some time, in a more distant future, we can imagine a technology much more advanced than what we have now, which would enable sending some robots able to perform completely automatically the tasks of building from local materials some huge installations for energy collection, for mining and for extracting the desired elements, so that asteroid mining would require the transport in both directions, between Earth and the mined asteroid, of only very small quantities of materials and equipment. Even if this is much beyond our current capabilities, it might become a necessity if we would exhaust the exploitable reserves for some of the least abundant elements, dispersing them in junk from which their extraction could become too costly. On the other hand, there are numerous research projects now trying to replace the use of less abundant elements with the use of more abundant elements, in a lot of applications. In most cases, it is likely that such substitution attempts are likely to succeed much earlier than the time when we would be able to mine those elements from outside the Earth. In a superconducting coil there are similar repulsive magnetic forces, which can easily disintegrate the superconducting wire at very high currents. Therefore the coil assembly must be designed to support the wire and resist to the highest forces expected. So there are similar problems with flywheels and superconducting coils, in the case when the stored energy densities are also similar. Like another poster already said, both lower temperatures and higher pressures confine the movements of the atoms, so either of them can cause the same phase transitions. Besides this new example with superconductivity, there are other more familiar phase transitions with the same behavior. For example, with most liquids, in order to solidify them you may either cool them or compress them. The same if you want to liquefy gases, either cooling or compressing has the same effect. Room-temperature superconductivity at very high pressures has been predicted many years ago, but it is very nice to have an experimental confirmation. I could never understand what makes some people believe that using hydrogen makes sense. Hydrogen is just a means of STORING energy and it is one of the worst for this purpose. If we restrict the discussion just to storing energy as chemical energy, like with hydrogen, then almost any alternative has either better energetic efficiency or better energy density and in most cases is much better for both criteria. For example, flow batteries have excellent energetic efficiency, much better than hydrogen could ever achieve, but they have low energy density, i.e. they must be very large for a given storage capacity. For high energy density, nothing beats the method invented by the living beings a few billions of years ago, i.e. storing energy in hydrocarbons. How to make synthetic fuel has already been known for about a century, it just is not much used yet because fossil petroleum is cheaper. Instead of wasting huge amounts of money in pointless hydrogen research, all the efforts should have been directed to improving the efficiency and cost of fuel cells using some hydrocarbons and of the synthesis of some hydrocarbons from water and carbon dioxide. That these targets are indeed achievable, unlike using hydrogen for storage, which has fundamental limitations, is proved by the existence of the living beings which use their equivalents. Many modern CPUs (most 64-bit ARM, AMD Ryzen, Intel Goldmont to Tremont and Ice Lake/Tiger Lake) have instructions to compute SHA1. On these computers computing SHA1 may have much better throughput than any suitable non-cryptographic hash. Hydrogen cannot be better than hydrocarbons, because the efficiency of the cycle can reach very close values for both, while storage tanks and associated devices are much smaller and cheaper for hydrocarbons. Converting the energy stored in hydrocarbons back to electrical energy can be done with the current technology at efficiencies well over 50% using Diesel engines. Higher efficiencies can be reached with fuel cells. It is true that for now, especially for room-temperature fuel cells, much more research has been done for fuel cells with hydrogen. However room-temperature fuel cells are handicapped anyway by the need for expensive catalysts. High temperature fuel cells can be made to work almost as well with hydrocarbons as with hydrogen. Their lifetime needs improvement, but it is likely that better results could have already been obtained if the research efforts in energy conversion would not have so dispersed over a very large number of directions, most of which were obviously wrong since the beginning. Right now it is indeed possible to obtain hydrogen from water with a higher efficiency than hydrocarbons, because it can be done in a single simpler step, the electrolysis. Nevertheless, in an optimized synthesis, the efficiency of obtaining hydrocarbons instead of hydrogen, also sequestering carbon dioxide as an added benefit, should have a very close efficiency, as proven by the countless bacteria that do a similar job. It is possible right now to capture carbon dioxide and store energy in synthetic hydrocarbons, then generate electrical energy from the stored hydrocarbons. However the cost and efficiency of doing that would be much less than desirable and possible. That is why I said that this would require much more R&D than now, but this would be a certain solution for the long term storage problem. For short term storage, high-efficiency solutions, e.g. flow batteries, pumped water, compressed air and so on, are better solutions. I completely agree When you loop back Ethernet links in the same computer, you need to take care with the configuration, because normally the operating system will not route the Ethernet packets through the external wires but will process them like being for localhost, so you will see a very large speed without any relationship with the Ethernet speed. How to force the packets through the external wires depends on the operating system. On Linux you must use namespaces and assign the two Ethernet interfaces that are looped on each other to two distinct namespaces, then set appropriate routes. I have not read the specification, but the DJVu format must have a way to store the plain text besides the images and that way is frequently used. I do not remember ever reading a DJVu file that did not allow searching and selecting the text, while PDF files which do not allow those, because they store only the scanned images, are quite frequent. The writing direction in Arabic, Hebrew and other Semitic writing systems has been inherited from the Egyptian. So any hypothesis about the origin of the right-to-left direction must discuss only how the tools were used for the Egyptian hieratic (written with brushes) and hieroglyphic (carved with chisels) writing systems. Maybe it was easier to carve hieroglyphs in that direction, but I am not aware of anyone testing this hypothesis in practice. Probably the GPU and the GPU drivers matter most. On Linux Chromium browser with an NVIDIA GPU, using the NVIDIA Linux driver, the FPS is pinned to 60 no matter what zooms and rotations are done. Unfortunately, at least on Linux, only the NVIDIA drivers are guaranteed to render correctly any OpenGL. During the last year I have not tried again the AMD and Intel drivers, to see how much they might have improved recently. However, in the previous years, I always could find examples of OpenGL programs that were rendered incorrectly, with various annoying artefacts, when using either the AMD or the Intel drivers. I prefer to use rsync over SSH as a replacement for scp: alias scp='/usr/bin/rsync --archive --xattrs --acls --progress --rsh="ssh"' I have completely deprecated for myself the use of both scp and sftp many years ago and I disable the sftp server (in sshd.conf) on all my servers. While scp and sftp are also slower, usually being unable to reach link speed on fast links, the main reason is that I have discovered that when copying files with them they sometimes were losing file metadata (e.g. parts of the timestamps or extended attributes) without any warnings or errors. rsync does not have such problems, it can make exact copies even when copying between different operating systems or different file systems. Because I have stopped using both scp and sftp many years ago, I do not know whether meanwhile there was any effort to remove the bugs from scp and sftp, but I doubt it. That is because SFTP is enabled by default, but many system administrators, for example myself, disable it. Very good description of the problems with scp and sftp. No, "sildur" was correct that the "sftp" protocol is not better than the "scp" protocol. Another poster described in detail the problems with the "scp" and "sftp" protocols. They have different advantages and disadvantages and neither of them can be considered a good file copy protocol. You are right, but the rsync behavior has good reasons, explained in its man page. Moreover, all UNIX commands have different behavior depending on whether you write or not trailing slashes, at least when the arguments happen to be symbolic links. To avoid mistakes due to the different behaviors, I use for cp and mv aliases that include the option "--strip-trailing-slashes". scp is launched both on the client and on the server when you use the "scp" command, so the executable file must exist on both. I disable sftp because I do not use it. I disable all sshd features that I do not use, e.g. various methods of authentication or encryption other than those that I use. I do not use sftp because it is a bad protocol, which cannot reach high speeds. This has been explained by other poster. I frequently transfer tens or hundreds of gigabytes of files over ssh and with sftp that would be unacceptably slow. Also, sftp does not handle correctly all file metadata, in certain cases making incomplete file copies, with only partial metadata. I use rsync over ssh, which does not have any of the problems that plague scp and sftp. I do not believe that it is a desirable target to mimic the default behavior of scp. I my opinion, the default behavior of any file copy program must be to make exact copies of the sources. I find it very annoying that all UNIX copying programs do not have this behavior and by default they will lose information. Therefore I always use aliases for all copying commands (cp, scp, rsync etc.), so that by default they will make exact copies. For example, to make exact copies rsync needs "--archive --xattrs --acls", and cp needs "--no-dereference --recursive --preserve=all". cp also needs to be compiled with enabled extended attributes, which many Linux distributions disable, otherwise you lose the extended attributes without any warning or error. Another trap on Linux, which may prevent making exact file copies, is when tmpfs is used for /tmp and some file is copied through /tmp, e.g. for passing it to another user. A copy through tmpfs may lose extended attributes and it also may truncate the timestamps of some file systems. The rsync option --rsh="command_name" or -e "command_name" is required to be certain that "ssh" is used for the transfers. The rsync program might have been compiled to use "ssh" even if you do not use the --rsh= or -e options, but you cannot know this for sure (unless you have compiled it yourself and you have read the sources to verify that). I completely agree with that. I was born and raised in a country occupied by communist invaders, so I know very well how unbelievably horrific it was to live under continuous surveillance. Despite the many Western fiction works, either movies or novels, which attempted to describe how life was in the Eastern Europe and Soviet Union, I have not seen any that succeeded to really convey how awful that was, because it is very difficult to imagine it when you have not experienced it. After 1990 there was a short time when things seemed to be improving in the world, about the human rights, but that did not last for long. After 2000, the Western countries began to resemble more and more every year with the communist countries they were formerly criticizing. This sad evolution concerns not only the continuous attempts to restrict the basic human rights but also the continuous reduction in competition in the economy, by more and more mergers and acquisitions. Despite what some say, the socialist economies were not really different from the capitalist economies, but they were identical to the extreme form of a capitalist economy, where, in the absence of regulation, everything is produced by monopolies. Now, with the exception of few domains where there is still vigorous competition, even the American economy is so much dominated by quasi-monopolies, that it resembles more to the old Russian economy than to the American economy of 30 years ago. Twenty years ago, when I designed some electronics hardware, I could search the Internet for the datasheets and manuals of possible components and I had many possible choices for each of them. Now, for many key components, I have only one possible source. Moreover, for many important components that I might use, I cannot really determine whether they could be used, because their technical documentation is provided only after signing an NDA and only if you intend to buy really large quantities. Such changes were very gradual, so for those who did not live enough to span several decades of experience, the way things are done now may seem normal, but they are not and they are definitely worse than before. Now it is far more difficult to innovate. Regarding surveillance and encryption, most Western people, who have not yet experienced the extreme abuses towards which the current legislation slowly evolves, are very naive and they do not understand how dangerous this really is. The irony is that now the Western countries are trying to make lawful things that not even the communists had the courage to introduce in their laws. Even in the communist constitution that was valid when I was a child there were constitutional rights for the secrecy both of the phone conversations and of the mail messages. Obviously, like the NSA, the secret police did not care about what is lawful and what is not, so they intercepted any mail message or phone conversation they desired, but at least there was no doubt that their activities are illegal. Fortunately, they did not have the technical abilities to intercept all the phone & mail communications, like today. Otherwise I would be still living in a communist country. Because of my experience, no matter what abusive laws might be introduced in the future by corrupt politicians and no matter which would be the consequences, I would never recognize that any other human being has the right to command me to not encrypt any information that belongs to me. Equivalently with being against the interdiction of encryption, I would also never accept that any human being has the right to demand that I must answer to any question, if I do not want to answer. Of course, if that question had been in the context of a legal investigation, refusing to answer some question may be considered as evidence supporting the supposition that the questioned person might have done something wrong. Therefore that person might be punished for what he/she is supposed to have been done, if being guilty is considered certain enough. However, punishing the person just for refusing to answer a question, without any evidence strong enough that the person has committed any other crime, as it is frequent now in the USA, this is something that I consider to be an unacceptable abuse and a breach of the most basic human right. Most likely is that their number range target was computed in decimal digits, so it was of 15 decimal digits. Converting to binary that gave 53 bits. As expected, the Apple M1 is a little faster than Inter Tiger Lake in single-thread applications, but it is a little slower than AMD Renoir in multi-threaded applications. So for things like software development where you compile frequently your projects, the new Apple computers are a little slower than similar computers with AMD CPUs. So even when taking only CPU performance into consideration, there are reasons to choose other computers than those with Apple Silicon, depending on what you want to do. Of course, nobody will decide to buy or not buy products with "Apple Silicon" based on their performance. Those who want to use Apple software will buy Apple products, those who do not want to use Apple software will not buy Apple products, like until now, regardless which have better performance. Without doubt, the Apple M1 has the highest single-threaded performance of any non-overclocked CPU, being a little faster than AMD Zen 3 and Intel Tiger Lake. Nevertheless, because Apple has chosen to not increase their manufacturing costs by including more big cores, the multi-threaded performance is not at all impressive, being lower than that of many much cheaper laptops using AMD Ryzen 7 4800U CPUs. So for any professional applications, like software development, these new Apple computers will certainly not blow away their competition performance-wise, and that before taking into account their severe limitations in memory capacity and peripheral ports. The GeekBench tests have revealed that the clock frequency of the M1 cores is 3.2 GHz, both in MB Air and in MB Pro. Therefore M1 succeeds to have a slightly higher single-thread performance (between 3% and 8%) than Intel Tiger Lake and AMD Zen 3 at only 2/3 of their clock frequency. The speed advantage of M1 in single-thread is not high enough to be noticeable in practice, but what counts is that reaching the same performance at high IPC and low frequency instead of low IPC and high frequency results in having the same performance as the competitors at a much lower power consumption. This is the real achievement of Apple and not the ridiculous claims about M1 being 3 times faster than obsolete and slow older products. After my parents died so the quantities of food to be cooked became smaller I have also transitioned to cooking only with microwaves. However, I had abandoned other techniques like frying many years ago, so the fact that using microwaves is restricted to steaming and boiling poses no problem for me. I boil food that requires added water, e.g. rice, corn flour, semolina or other dry cereals and dry legumes, such as dry beans, lentils and so on. I cook by steaming (in glass vessels with lids) meat, fish, invertebrates, fresh and frozen vegetables (e.g. broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, celery, onion, cabbage and many others), certain fruits (e.g. quinces), potatoes, sweet potatoes, sweet corn, green peas or beans and so on. Most vegetables can be steamed or boiled at full power, depending on kind and quantity at times between 5 min and 15 min, while animal food usually requires steaming at reduced power (e.g. 440 W) for 15 min to 20 min (after a short time at high power to preheat). I drink a lot of herbal teas and I make those using a glass teapot in which I put 1 liter of water, I preheat for 4 min, I add 2 tea bags, then I heat again for 2 min. It is much more tasty than made on a kitchen stove. Using microwaves has 2 advantages: much shorter time and perfect reproducibility. Because I eat only food that I cook myself from raw ingredients, before converting to microwaves I wasted a large part of one of the weekend days with cooking food for all the next week. Now I cook each day mostly what I am eating that day, wasting just 15 to 20 min at most, on average, except when some ingredients can not be partitioned in small enough portions, e.g. a packet of meat that must all be cooked immediately, when that ingredient after cooking will be kept refrigerated and parts of it added each day to whatever else I am cooking. Every time I am buying something that I have not cooked before at microwaves, that may require a little experimentation to determine the right cooking time. However, once the time is known, it will be used forever in the future, because the results will be the same. Once you have steamed or boiled the food ingredients that require thermal processing, they can be mixed as you wish according to any traditional recipes. Now I cook in the microwave everything, even eggs. While some ways to cook eggs may be trickier, there exists at least one very simple way. Break one egg and put the content into a glass cup (thermoresistant). Add a little oil (e.g. olive oil) and salt. Beat well with a fork, then 1 minute at microwaves should be enough. When you use the microwave oven also for cooking, not just for reheating, then the power selection is mandatory. Cooking meat at 1 kW will usually make it explode. Correct. Certain kinds of lithium batteries can be limited by the availability of other elements used in them, which are less abundant than Li, e.g. cobalt. There are efforts to reduce or eliminate the use of such elements. Actually a significant power, maybe around 20 W, is consumed by the I/O chip, which consumes a lot because it is made in an old process. In 2021, when the laptop Zen 3 will be introduced, that will have a much better power efficiency, being made all in 7 nm. Of course, it will still not match the power efficiency of M1, which is due both to its newer 5-nm process and to its lower clock frequency at the same performance. No, using TAI is simpler, because it is really the time that has passed since some origin. Therefore any operation performed with its values behaves as expected. Neither UTC nor local times are times in the physical sense. At most you can say that they are times passed from a non-constant origin of time, which changes frequently and in an unpredictable mode for the future. People always forget what UTC and local times really are and they very frequently make mistakes in their handling, especially for future events. The foolproof way, as advocated by Bernstein and others, is to use only TAI for internal timekeeping and computation, and to convert to UTC or local times only the values that will be seen by human eyes. I have done like this since many years ago, and it was always simpler for me. It would have been much simpler if this would have been a general practice, as that would have eliminated the useless conversions required for communication with other systems that use UTC, e.g. when using NTP. Most so called "mobile workstation" laptops with 45-W H CPUs, from Dell, Lenovo or HP, support ECC (if you choose a H Xeon CPU instead of the equivalent Intel Core CPU). I have a Dell Precision laptop from 2016, with a Skylake Xeon and ECC memory. Yes, I also use only ECC memories in all my computers for the same reason. When they are new, memory errors are very seldom, if at all. Nevertheless, after several years of use, I had many cases when some DIMM modules began suddenly to have frequent errors and being notified by ECC allowed me to replace the modules (or the motherboards if they were very old) before causing unrecoverable data corruption. Yes, the Intel policy to intentionally cripple their cheaper SKUs, hoping to extort money from customers by pushing them to buy more expensive SKUs, is extremely annoying. For example, right now all the new Tiger Lake CPUs contain a so-called "In-Band ECC" device, which allows error detection and correction even when using LPDDR4x memories, which do not have an ECC variant, like the DIMMs or SODIMMs. This works by storing the ECC codes in a reserved part of the memory, so increasing the reliability is paid by a slight reduction in the memory capacity and in the memory bandwidth. Nonetheless, those who are risk-averse, like me, would prefer this trade-off and would enable the "In-Band ECC". However, you cannot do that because Intel disables the "In-Band ECC" feature on all Tiger Lake SKUs, except on 3 SKUs intended for Embedded and Industrial Temperature Range, which are presumably more expensive. "In-Band ECC" is even disabled on the other 4 Tiger Lake SKUs for the Embedded market, which leaves them without any visible advantage over the normal Tiger Lake SKUs. When Intel competed with Intel, this kind of business decisions probably made money for Intel, but now, knowledgeable customers should better buy from competitors, e.g. the new Ryzen V2000 for embedded applications, which support standard ECC memories without problems. Slightly off-topic, but in any mathematical theory concerning a certain restricted domain and also in any theory attempting to cover the entire mathematics there are many possible choices for the primitive concepts and rules. In most cases it is not possible to have an objective criterion for deciding which is the best choice, so the choice remains based on personal preferences. For example, I could never accept the idea that set theory can be considered to belong to the foundations of mathematics. I have always believed that it is more convenient to view the sets not as primitives, but as classes of equivalence of the ordered sequences, which in turn are constructed from ordered pairs, which are a primitive concept. So instead of using set theory as a base, I believe it to be more convenient to start from some primitives that include some of the concepts and operations on which LISP was also based, plus some definitions, which normally are introduced using sets, modified to use ordered sequences instead. All the set theory (and the number theory) can be constructed from these alternative primitive concepts. The article correctly notices that there are exceptions to its supposition about the uniqueness of mammals, and that many parrots also exhibit these kinds of behavior thought as typical for mammals. While parrots and corvids seem to be the most intelligent birds and they commonly show such behaviors, these behaviors can also be encountered, even if less frequently, at many other birds. For example many birds that bond in long-term pairs, pigeons being the most obvious, practice frequently a kissing-like behavior, even if birds are hindered by their hard beaks. It is likely that these behaviors are not associated specifically to mammals, but to complex brains / nervous systems, so they are encountered most frequently in mammals, less frequently in birds and some times also in other animals, e.g. octopuses or lizards. As another exception, many birds of prey, typically those who eat larger mammals, which would be able to bite them when still alive, first carefully kill their prey with their claws and beak, and then they start eating only when the prey no longer moves or shows any other sign of life. For example you may use the open-source program "dnscache" from Daniel Bernstein. I have been using this program on all my computers, during the last almost twenty years, without problems. I do not believe that it is a stereotypical British trait to be self deprecating. Being self deprecating is very common in a large number of countries, among all those who are reasonably intelligent or educated, to be able to notice how many bad things exist around them. As others have already mentioned, this is caused by the fact that people can see directly the many bad things that exist in their neighborhood, but they have very little information about how things are bad elsewhere, and they hope that at least in other distant places the same mistakes are not being made. Also, the Islamic Golden Age is not only about mathematics, but also about other sciences. The chemistry progressed a lot during that time. Several preserved Arabic works contain a much improved classification of the known chemical substances, better than anything that existed before them. That chemical classification was improved only in the 18th century, by several generations of Swedish chemists, leading eventually to the modern chemistry based on the notion of chemical elements, which was created by Lavoisier and his French colleagues, shortly before the French Revolution. Attempting to deny the essential Arabic/Islamic contributions to the evolution of the sciences shows just ignorance or bad intentions. I have no doubts about the community, which is the main reason why Raspberry Pi is recommended to all people without much experience with such small computers. However "incredibly cheap" is not appropriate when referring to Raspberry Pi. Its price is OK considering its performance, neither cheap nor expensive for what you get. There are a lot of applications for which Raspberry Pi is fast enough, but almost all of those could be implemented using even cheaper microcontroller boards, with prices around $10, but programming those requires more knowledge, so they are less accessible for most people. Besides clones more or less equivalent with Raspberry Pi, there are also a lot of models that are more expensive than Pi, but those are also proportionately faster than Raspberry Pi, so their higher price is justified. I have experimented with Raspberry Pi, but eventually I did not use it for anything, because all my applications happened to be in those 2 categories mentioned above, i.e. either suitable for even cheaper devices or suitable for faster but also more expensive devices. So Raspberry Pi can be a good solution for some people and it has a decent price for its features, but there are a large number of other devices with similar or better power consumption and price/performance ratio. I have seen here similar opinions about HTML vs. PDF in a few other threads. However, this is a matter of personal opinion and I am certain that nobody knows how many people prefer PDF and how many prefer HTML. I strongly prefer PDF for any non-ephemeral content that I might need to read twice or more times, so I hate anyone who forces me to read an HTML user manual or scientific paper, instead of providing PDF documents for them. Even if HTML can be opened on every device, it also looks different on every device and it looks bad on those that are different from the one used by the developer (unless the HTML pages have been carefully designed to look good on various devices, which seldom happens). Even on a small smartphone screen, I prefer a good PDF viewer with a good user interface that makes it easy to zoom & pan, instead of the feeble attempts of the Web browsers to reformat the text, which make very difficult the navigation through complex technical documents. "Print" support is horrible for HTML. Modern Web pages, which use a lot of JS, are almost always mutilated when you use the "Print" command in both Chrome and Firefox, even if they display the pages correctly outside the "Print" mode. In semiconductors Sweden was never more important than between 6th to 15th position in Europe. The only well-known company that might have made semiconductors was ASEA, which might have made some thyristors before disappearing 33 years ago, after the fusion with Brown Boveri. Now ABB has the headquarters in Switzerland. It has various sites in Sweden, but so have some US companies, without any of them being considered as Swedish. Even the Eastern Block countries, during the Soviet hegemony, produced more diverse semiconductor devices than ever done in Sweden. The most technically advanced countries in semiconductors in Europe, before the global fashion of mergers, acquisitions and spin-offs that obliterated most traditional semiconductor companies starting around 1999, were (in no particular order): Netherlands (Philips) Germany (Siemens) France (Thomson CSF) Italy (SGS-ATES) UK (Plessey and a few others) Relics of the former European semiconductor companies can be found now mostly in Infineon, NXP and ST, but all these present companies are the results of long chains of mergers and acquisitions of various companies spread all over the world, so it is difficult to define them as belonging to Europe, US or to any other specific country or group of countries. While the Transputers vanished eventually, their legacy is living in absolutely all modern multi-socket workstations and servers. The Transputer method of partitioning a multiprocessor system, into processor chips provided with memory interfaces (now DDR), I/O interfaces (now PCIe) and communication interfaces for interconnections with the other processors, instead of using shared buses as before, was revived in some later DEC Alpha CPUs, then it was used in AMD Opteron (many AMD designers came from DEC Alpha), and then it was adopted by Intel (in Nehalem) and by everybody else. The criticism from ( https://dhayton.haverford.edu/blog/2016/05/20/astronomers-do... ) is mostly correct, so that paper is mostly bogus. Only the season of the year can be deduced from the poem and that was established by a much older paper. There is only one point in this criticism that is not valid, there is no doubt that the Pleiades referred to the same group of stars as now. Nevertheless, when dealing with Ancient Greek or Latin texts it is necessary to be aware that a very large number of names used for animals, plants, minerals, places and so on, were used with a very different meaning than today, so Darin Hayton had good reasons to be cautious in his criticism. Unless one is careful to make extensive searches through the literature, it is very easy to reach wrong conclusions based on misunderstood names. For example the poems of Hesiod have several references to "adamant", i.e. "diamond" in English, which are hard to understand by those who think that he referred to what is now called diamond. In fact, Hesiod used the name "adamant" for nuggets of osmium-iridium alloy (collected from alluvial deposits of gold), so he appropriately mentioned it as grey material suitable for making a hard blade for a sickle that will cut anything. Later Greek authors, like Plato used it with the same meaning as Hesiod. Pliny the Elder was the first author that mentioned the modern diamond, under the name "Indian adamant", together with the previously known osmium-iridium "adamant". Yes, Elon Musk explained what happened. The pressure of the fuel was too low during landing, which had 2 effects: 1. the exhaust gases contained mostly oxygen, which burned the copper linings, giving a green flame 2. the decceleration was insufficient, causing the impact with the ground which resulted in an explosion You are right. I agree that it is correct to view ABB as half Swedish. I was exaggerating a bit, as a counterbalance to the weird statement to which I was replying. Nevertheless, while ABB is a great company, its importance as a semiconductor manufacturer is minimal. ABB sells electronic equipment, which is made with components made elsewhere, except for some high-power thyristors that are made by themselves. Thyristors are the easiest to make among semiconductor devices that are still used. The only really difficult part to make are the high-quality silicon wafers from which they are made, but ABB does not make the wafers. Most likely they purchase the wafers from Japan, or maybe from Germany. It would be very nice if an open CPU ISA, which can be implemented by everyone, like RISC-V, would be more widespread. Sadly, RISC-V is not a good candidate for that. It is an excellent ISA for student implementation projects, but not for real work. RISC-V is praised only by people who have very little or no experience with different CPU ISAs and with the history of their evolution. RISC-V sucks more than even the ugliest ISA, x86. At least from the huge x86 ISA it is possible to extract a subset composed mostly of more recently introduced instructions, which can be considered as a decent ISA, except for the weird encoding, with many prefix bytes, which is needed for backward compatibility. The 64-bit ARMv8 ISA is an example of a good ISA, but its future is clouded by the NVIDIA acquisition. If you would know well Russian (at least to read it, which for any language is much easier than writing/speaking), passing the text through Google translate and then correcting the mistakes that would probably exist in each sentence would not take long, maybe 15 minutes or so. Otherwise, a good translation by hand would take much longer. While I agree with you that deep learning works very well for a certain class of problems and that some criticism directed towards it is misguided, there are also some arguments for the opposite side. I normally do not feel the need to comment about deep learning, because it is only tangentially related to some of my past projects, but I can also understand those who might want to comment negatively, because I have seen many cases of managers who did not understand at all how exactly certain problems can be solved, but nevertheless they pushed vigorously for the use of deep learning to replace other better suited solutions, because they believed it to be a modern and universally better method. So there were times when I was tired of seeing one more attempt to misuse deep learning and to have to explain and demonstrate once more which solution is better. Obviously, any such opinions, about which method is better in a certain case, should be proved with numerical results from tests or simulations, not with guesses, but some times that requires a lot of work to implement both methods, even if you are pretty sure about which will be the result. In Europe, I did such a fast test with results in 10 minutes, with visual reading, like in pregnancy tests, so no Bluetooth. The cost was less than $15, so if the Ellume test is double, then $15 would be just for the Bluetooth transceiver plus maybe a surcharge for the US market, as here all medical services are more expensive. Your arguments about pirates stealing food from the mouths of the workers are valid and can be accepted as long as you define as pirates those who sell or distribute copies of something for which they do not own the copyright. Nevertheless, the American copyright laws and all the similar laws that were introduced in other countries, as a result of US bribing or blackmailing, are profoundly flawed and it is completely beyond my understanding how such laws could have been voted by so-called rational beings. Neither the act of making copies or any device that can be used to make copies have anything to do with piracy or copyright infringement. All the laws that say otherwise are wrong and they have no rational basis. Only the act of transferring copies to a third party can rationally be incriminated. It is absurd to define copyright infringement as making copies and to consider this as a crime. Making copies of any information that you own is a fundamental right, not a crime. If you cannot make copies, then you certainly do not own it. The support of any information will sooner or later self-destruct, so, if the information had not already been copied, you will lose your property. Some people are happy to just rent information for a limited time, but I find that unacceptable. I am not even interested in viewing a rented movie, instead of buying it. I do not want to forget anything, unless I decide to do that, so if the owner does not want to sell it, i.e. in a form that can be copied, then I do not pay money for it in another form. If the information owner claims that he is selling it, not renting it, but the product is copy-protected, that should be considered as fraud. If the law says otherwise, the law is wrong. The claims that it is better to eat whole grains than white rice or white flour are very wrong (when the claims have no context). Obviously, if you had been some poor peasant and 80% of your food consisted of cereals, then eating whole grains would have been immensely better than eating just white rice or white flour. On the other hand, if you eat a wide variety of foods, you can get any minerals, vitamins and proteins that you need from much better sources than whole grains. Above satisfying your basic necessities with other nutrients, you can add enough fatty foods and starchy foods to satisfy your energy needs, depending on how much physical activity you do. As starch sources, sweet potatoes, potatoes, bananas, maize, white rice, white flour and others are preferable to whole grains. If you cook yourself with white rice or white flour, the food should be OK. Unfortunately, if you buy modern bread or similar industrial products made with flour, looking at the composition you will see a huge number of substances beyond the traditional recipes. Those substances may or may not have some deleterious effect, but, at least in my experience, one certain effect is that with processed food that I buy I am never satiated for long and I have the tendency to eat too large quantities. Since I have switched to eating only food that I am cooking myself from raw ingredients, I have never felt again the need to overeat. Dell sells some good monitors. Unfortunately, you must select carefully any monitor that you purchase, and the cheapest models are unlikely to be good choices. I am using 2 good Dell 4k monitors. One is 1-year old (U2720Q), but the other (UP2414Q) is more than 5-year old and it works as well as in the first day. "Genetic material" is memory. Therefore it must have the following properties: 1. It must be able to store any random sequence of symbols belonging to a certain set (e.g. any possible sequence of bases in the case of nucleic acids). 2. There must be a way to make identical copies of it (e.g. nucleic acid replication). (the previous 2 properties are true both for its own genetic material and for a foreign virus that does not have any use for a living being) 3. There must be a way to use the stored sequence of symbols to direct some process that is useful for a living being. (for nucleic acids, the better known useful processes are protein synthesis and the synthesis of certain kinds of useful by itself RNA, but there are also some other poorly understood functions of most of the "junk" DNA) While obviously crystals are not alive, they satisfy more careless definitions of life that were sometimes encountered, i.e., when put in a "nutritive" solution, they are able to grow and reproduce themselves. It is pretty certain that the first life did not use any kind of genetic material, because that is impossible. When RNA or any other kind of genetic material first appeared, the first thing that must have been possible to do with it was to copy it, a.k.a. to replicate it. If the genetic material was used first to do anything useful, e.g. to control protein synthesis or to catalyze directly any useful reaction, that genetic material would have disappeared immediately, because it could not be replicated. So the first genetic material must have been able of being replicated without doing any useful function, therefore is was actually an RNA virus. The useful functions must have appeared later and then the genetic material was integrated as an essential part of the living beings, allowing a much faster evolution towards levels of complexity that would have been impossible to reach without having a genetic material. To be able to replicate the first genetic material, there must have already existed some life forms able to exploit an energy source to reproduce themselves. You have noticed a correct analogy, exactly like the control automaton of a CPU, which can be either hard-wired, having a dedicated structure that cannot be easily changed to perform other functions, or it can be microprogrammed, using a control memory, whose content can be easily rewritten to implement a very different CPU, a self-reproducing living being can use genetic material, in which case it can easily evolve into a different living being, or it may use no genetic material, but consist, like how it seems to be said in Gánti's work, of which I was not aware until now, by a cycle of reactions, where in each reaction some cell component assembles another cell component, until the last component, which assembles the first component. Such a living being, without a genetic material, could not evolve easily, because almost any change would have damaged the cycle of reactions, most likely stopping the reproduction. Regarding RNA, before the first RNA molecule was ever assembled, the existing life forms must have been using ATP and the other nucleotides as dehydrating agents able to condense smaller molecules into larger molecules, e.g. for creating peptide bonds. Therefore ATP (with some of it current uses) is certainly older than RNA. The polymerization of nucleotides into RNA must have been initially an undesirable side reaction consuming the useful nucleotides. While that is an interesting fact about the evolution of ribosomes, no kind of ribosome could have ever appeared, except after the process of RNA replication was already a perfected process. Otherwise the first ribosome would have disappeared soon after it was first assembled, without leaving any descendants. The first ribosome was probably made only of RNA, as there were no other ribosomes to assemble the ribosomal proteins, so it is not surprising that at some point some of the ribosomal RNA segments were replaced by proteins transcripted also from some ribosomal RNA segments, if that happened to improve the ribosome structure. No they are not able to replicate themselves, in any circumstances. Obviously, any RNA or DNA molecule can serve as a template for the polymerization of another nucleic acid molecule. However the polymerization cannot proceed spontaneously. The nucleotides polymerize by condensation, i.e. by releasing water. It should be obvious that such a reaction cannot be spontaneous when the molecules are already surrounded by water. You need some molecule able to extract the water from the nucleotides, for example an acid anhydride, like ATP. That anhydride must have also been produced by water extraction and in the water environment you need an energy source for that. So if you will complete the analysis you will reach the conclusion that you need an existing living being for the replication, no replication can occur otherwise. Obviously, in a lab you can yourself substitute the role of that living being, by providing adequate supplies of monomers and of energy sources, so you can replicate nucleic acids in abiotic conditions. Nevertheless, that could not happen in natural conditions. While there are many things that we do not know about that era, there are also many other things about which we are completely sure. For example we know for sure that all the chemical reactions required to assemble the components of a living being required the same amount of energy then as they require now, so either there was a source of energy large enough to enable them, or they were impossible. Other things may not be completely certain, but they are overwhelmingly plausible, for example if we know that the transition from a more primitive structure to a more complex structure required 5 improbable mutations, we can be pretty sure that there is no chance that all those changes happened simultaneously, but they must have happened in a certain sequence, one by one. If moreover, there are some causal links between those events, so that some of them cannot happen unless others already happened, then we may be able to determine which was the sequence of those 5 events, with considerable certainty. While we are unable yet to estimate confidently which of many possible things really happened in the distant past, we can actually exclude with great certainty many other things, about which we can say for sure that they did not happen, because they contradict fundamental laws, like the conservation of energy. Among these things that certainly did not happen are some previously popular theories about the origin of life, whose authors did not attempt to analyze them in enough detail to see if they are compatible with the known chemistry and physics, e.g. the ancient theory of the "organic soup" or the more recent theory of the "RNA world". I do not understand what you have meant by "analogy". The 3 requirements that I have listed do not contain any analogy, they just give a precise expression of the conventional meaning of the words "genetic material" as applied to a component of the living beings, now known to consist of nucleic acids for the life on Earth. While not all biologists would be able to define precisely what they mean by "genetic material", the listed requirements correspond to the actual use of the word, in the most general sense. If you had problems with retina screens a couple of years ago, that was probably due to the drivers for the MBP GPU, not due to monitor resolution or due to Linux. There are more than 5 years since I do not use monitors with less than 4k resolution with Linux and I never had any problems with correct scaling or with anything else. While the NVIDIA drivers are not open-source, nevertheless they usually have the best Linux support and they have no problems with multiple high-resolution monitors. However, Apple does not use NVIDIA, so that increases the chances for problems on Linux. For the smaller MBPs, with Intel Iris GPUs, the GPU drivers should also have been OK, even a couple of years ago. The greatest chances of problems would have been on MBPs with AMD GPUs. Nevertheless, the AMD drivers have been improving during the last years, so today there should be better chances that they would work OK. Actually that comment was justified, because the article says that while the quantum efficiency is around 96%, the water splitting worked with ultraviolet light having wavelengths between 350 nm and 360 nm. Only a very small fraction of the solar light is ultraviolet light, so the usable efficiency of such a device is quite low. While this research result is very interesting as a demonstration of what can be done, it is very unlikely that this is a path that can lead to the best way of capturing solar energy. Either multijunction photovoltaic cells or thermal devices can capture around half of the total solar energy. If splitting water is desired, that problem can be solved separately, using electrical or thermal energy, and it should be able to reach similarly high efficiencies as with these photocatalysts. The combined efficiency of the 2 processes should be still far greater than the efficiency of direct water splitting, which is constrained by the lack of enough ultraviolet light in the solar spectrum. Your example converts high-energy light (ultraviolet or blue) to low energy light (red). This process is easy and it can be done with quantum dots, as you say. The reverse process of converting red light to ultraviolet light, as it would be needed for this water splitting, is far more difficult and it has much lower efficiencies, especially when the input light has a low intensity. (The common green-light pointers convert infrared to green, but that works because the input is a laser beam with high intensity, so that optical media can behave non-linearly, and it still has a low efficiency). So no, wavelength conversion would not work. The only thing that would work would be to replace their semiconductor crystal with one having a much lower bandgap, like the silicon, gallium arsenide or cadmium telluride that are used in photovoltaic devices. However any such non-oxide semiconductors would be chemically unstable in contact with the nascent oxygen, so that would still not work. The floating point control word is a register in the Intel 8087 FP coprocessor and in all later Intel/AMD/etc. processors that implement the 8087 instruction set. That register contains bits that control various aspects of how the floating-point instructions must behave, e.g. rounding mode, precision and exception masks (also infinity type in coprocessors older than 80387). For the later SSE/AVX instruction sets there is another register with similar control bits for the SSE/AVX instructions. No they are complaining that it is too RISC compared to well designed RISC ISAs, e.g. ARM or POWER. The 4+4 big.LITTLE configuration is not "laptop-class". It is the right configuration for a CPU with 10 W or 12 W TDP, which is OK only for a fanless ultrabook, like MB Air. For the laptops intended for more serious work you want a CPU with 15 W to 60 W TDP, in which case the right configuration must have at least 8 big cores. Apple's laptops have always been extremely slow compared to alternatives, so it was very easy for Apple to do better. In single-thread performance Apple M1 at 3.2 GHz is equal with Intel Tiger Lake @ 4.8 GHz or AMD Zen 3 @ 4.8 GHz (e.g. scores around 1750 in GeekBench 5 ST), but while consuming more than 3 times less per core. While the higher energy efficiency is impressive, it does not matter much in a laptop, where enough power is available. It will matter only in the future, when Apple will include enough cores in its CPUs, to be able to exploit the higher TDP available in a laptop. On the other hand, if the power consumption of Tiger Lake / Zen 3 is reduced to be equal with that of Apple M1, their clock frequency is reduced from 4.8 GHz to around 3.5 GHz ... 3.6 GHz, remaining higher than that of M1 (which does more work per clock cycle). Therefore at equal power per core Apple M1 is faster, but only by around 35%. This advantage is not enough to enable 4+4 Apple cores to match 8 Intel/AMD cores. In conclusion, the laptops that will be launched in early 2021, with 8-core Tiger Lake H or AMD Cezanne, will have the same single-thread performance as Apple M1, but higher multi-thread performance. The slower laptops with AMD Renoir already have better multi-thread performance. Moreover, while Apple M1 has an average IPC 1.5 times higher than the average IPC of Intel/AMD, which enables high scores in benchmarks like SPEC or GeekBench, in computational benchmarks with optimized programs that have higher IPC than the average IPC, Apple M1 is disadvantaged and it is slower in single-thread than even an old Ryzen 7 3700X, unlike in single-thread SPEC or GeekBench, where you need a new Ryzen 9 5900X to exceed the Apple M1 performance. In large laptops, i.e. gaming laptops or mobile workstations, the CPUs with 45 W nominal TDP are actually configured with TDPs up to 60 W or 65 W (the steady-state value). The boost power is higher in those cases, e.g. 72 W or even 90 W. This is true for example in my Dell Precision laptop, where the CPU is configured for 60 W steady-state TDP, because the laptop has good cooling, which can easily cope with that, unlike in thinner laptops. Your sarcasm is misplaced, because the TDP is the factor that determines the achievable multi-threaded performance of any computer. Given the domain of application for any computer, e.g. handheld, tablet, thin laptop, thick laptop, desktop and so on, you get certain dimensions, which, together with the available cooling technologies, determine the TDP. The TDP, together with the characteristics of the CMOS process used for making the CPU, determine the multi-threaded performance of the CPU, if the CPU designers are competent and do not make mistakes leading to lower performance than optimal. Therefore, while the high single-thread performance of Apple M1 is due mainly to its clever design with high average IPC, its multi-threaded performance is determined mostly by the newer 5-nm CMOS process. The higher efficiency of the 5-nm process would have allowed a higher performance within a laptop TDP, but Apple has chosen, for now, to reduce their costs by using only 4 big cores, instead of reaching the performance that would have possible for them when using more big cores. It is likely that next year Apple will introduce models that will be limited by TDP, not by chip size, like this year. Until then, Intel & AMD will be better for multi-threaded tasks and equal in single-threaded (but at much higher power per core). I was not clear enough by what I meant by "ARM". The traditional 32-bit ARM instruction set is obsolete and it does not matter for any new designs. I was not referring to it. The two modern ARM instruction sets, the 16-bit-encoded ARMv7-M / ARMv8-M (for microcontrollers) and the 64-bit (32-bit-encoded) ARMv8-A, are very different from the traditional ARM ISA and they both are very well designed, incomparably better than RISC-V. RISC-V is primitive even compared to the instructions sets used 50 years ago. It includes a few good ideas and the RISC-V team has the merit of popularizing the fact that the older vector ISAs of the seventies were better than the more recent SIMD ISAs of the nineties, which lead to modern vector ISAs, e.g. the RISC-V vector extension and ARM SVE. However the base RISC-V ISA is extremely weak and its only merit is that it is simple enough to be easy to implement in student projects. Apple provides libraries that developers are supposed to use (e.g. "Accelerate"). Apple does not provide any support for using directly their undocumented ISA extensions, or their undocumented GPU, NPU etc. HDDs are fine for short term storage, but they are too unreliable when you want to keep the data for many years, possibly for a lifetime. Unfortunately, currently there is no other commercially available method of archival storage, except magnetic tapes. Optical storage has a too low density to be able to compete with magnetic tapes. The density of flash memory is competitive with magnetic tapes, but the retention time is too low, making flash memory completely unusable for archival storage, even if it would have been as cheap as magnetic tape. In theory, write-once memory cards, using some kind of antifuses, could be designed to have a lifetime good enough for archival storage, but nobody has attempted to develop such a technology, because it is not clear if there would be a market for them. Most people do not think far ahead in the future, so they do not care much about archival data storage, until it is too late and the information had already been lost. I also didn't understand the hate for systemd until I have attempted to use it for the first time ! This was a few years ago, so it is very likely that the particular bug that annoyed me was solved since then. Nevertheless, the bug was so unbelievably stupid and it was not only just a coding error but also a problem caused by the wrong architecture of systemd, so I could not accept that it is possible to trust software developers that can make such mistakes. After that bad experience, I have never touched systemd again. Even if this was several years ago, systemd had already been in use for several years, so the bug could not be excused by systemd being experimental or something like that. I use mostly Gentoo Linux, which fortunately does not use systemd, so I had been shielded from its problems. I had heard about some systemd-related controversies, but I had paid no attention to them. I had seen some systemd presentations, which seemed reasonable enough. One day I was in a hurry, but I had to install Linux on a new computer. Gentoo is nice, but if you do not have a pre-prepared customized installation image, so that you have to install it from scratch, it may need a few hours for compiling everything from sources and for editing the configuration. So I decided to install Arch Linux, which used systemd. The installation was fast and everything seemed to work OK. Systemd was always praised for its supposedly fast boot times, but I have seen no improvement in that, compared to my carefully configured Gentoo systems. On the other hand, the computer with systemd was the first computer that I have ever encountered, among many thousands of computers, from the days of Intel 8080 and until the new Zen 3, which was slow at shutdown . So while the boot time of systemd was OK, the shutdown time was very long, sometimes more than a minute. What is much worse, sometimes the shutdown failed , which is something that I have never experienced before or after. This was on an Intel NUC with a Skylake CPU, so it was not some esoteric, non-standard hardware. The shutdown failed sometimes due to a race condition, because the systemd daemons exchanged some messages between themselves through dbus, and, IIRC, sometimes it happened that some daemon died before the sender expected and the sender remained stuck in attempts to send to a non-existing recipient, or maybe the dbus daemon died, so there no longer was who to relay the message. Race conditions may happen in concurrent programming, but to have a shutdown procedure whose success depends on the success of inter-process communication, that shows that everything was ill-conceived at the highest level. So then I said farewell to systemd, I wiped Arch and I installed Gentoo, which worked perfectly on that hardware, without systemd, but with its much simpler and more reliable openrc. Yes, it seems that we are finally approaching the time when waiting for multiple events and asynchronous I/O will become simple and efficient on Linux. However, this has always been a weak spot for Linux until recently and it took too many iterations of various partial solutions of the problem to reach the current state. This was a case when avoiding the NIH approach and looking carefully at the older Windows or FreeBSD solutions would have resulted in an earlier good solution. Yes, unfortunately FreeBSD has much better support for Intel CPUs and for Intel networking, than for alternatives. On servers with Intel CPUs, FreeBSD warned me promptly, by e-mail, about some corrected ECC errors. The errors appeared suddenly after many years of use and they kept recurring, pointing to a probable failure in the near future, but being promptly notified, I have replaced the offending DIMM and all went back to normal. So yes, you are right, for FreeBSD it is better to stick to Intel, unless you have time to change yourself the sources, to add the missing hardware support, which is somewhat easier than attempting to make changes in the Linux kernel. There are also examples of hardware for which FreeBSD has better support than Linux, but those belong to classes of hardware less likely to be encountered by non-professional users. For example FreeBSD has better support for magnetic tapes. The parent meant that it matters for multi-word numbers, where the endianness becomes visible. In the days of 8-bit microprocessors, the endianness became visible in software from 16-bit numbers up. Now it might be visible only for numbers above 64-bit on many CPUs, but there is always a number size above which you must take endianness into account, even for the simplest operations, like comparing and adding. In theory, you could choose the layout of a large number to have mixed endianness, e.g. to have a large number as a little-endian sequence of 64-bit chunks, where the 64-bit chunks are big-endian, because the CPU used is BE. However that might make the algorithms even more complex than when you use a consistent endianness. The endianness of a CPU is not visible in software only when the addressing unit of the memory is the same as the data register size of the CPU. All modern CPUs have register sizes of either 32-bit or 64-bit, while the memory is addressed in bytes, so the endianness will continue to matter in the foreseeable future. All desktop Ryzen CPUs without integrated GPU, i.e. with the exception of APUs, support ECC. You must check the specifications of the motherboard to see if ECC memory is supported. As a rule, all ASRock MBs support ECC and also some ASUS MBs support ECC, e.g. all ASUS workstation motherboards. I have no experience with Windows and Ryzen, but I assume that ECC should work also there. With Linux, you must use a kernel with all the relevant EDAC options enabled, including CONFIG_EDAC_AMD64. For the new Zen 3 CPUs, i.e. Ryzen 5xxx, you must use a kernel 5.10 or later, for ECC support. On Linux, there are various programs, e.g. edac-utils, to monitor the ECC errors. To be more certain that the ECC error reporting really works, the easiest way is to change the BIOS settings to overclock the memory, until memory errors appear. For embedded applications, there is official ECC support for all CPUs named Epyc or Ryzen Vxxxx or Ryzen Rxxxx. There are computers in the Intel NUC form factor, with ECC support (e.g. with Ryzen V2718), e.g from ASRock Industrial. Yes there is a risk to buy a Ryzen CPU with non-functional ECC. However, I use only computers with ECC, previously only Xeons, but in the last years I have replaced many of them with Ryzens, all of which work OK with ECC memory. When having to choose between a very small risk of losing the price of a CPU and having to use for sure, during many years, an Intel CPU with half of the AMD speed, the choice was very obvious for me. On a single computer with a large memory, e.g. 32 GB or more, the time between errors can be of a few months, if you are lucky to have good modules. Moreover, some of the errors will have no effect, if they happened to affect free memory. Nevertheless, anyone who uses the computer for anything else besides games or movie watching, will greatly benefit from having ECC memory, because that is the only way to learn when the memory modules become defective. Modern memories have a shorter lifetime than old memories and very frequently they begin to have bit errors from time to time long before breaking down completely. Without ECC, you will become aware that a memory module is defective only when the computer crashes or no longer boots and severe data corruption in your files could have happened some months before that. For myself, this was the most obvious reason why ECC was useful, because I was able in several cases to replace memory modules that began to have frequent correctable errors, after many years with little or no errors, without losing any precious data and without downtime. As others have replied, all the ASRock boards where I have ever checked the specifications do support ECC and also some ASUS boards support ECC, e.g. all ASUS workstation boards. Because ECC means Error Correcting Code, by definition, any board that claims ECC support must actually correct the errors. The ECC codes used now, with 8 extra bits for each 64 data bits, correct any 1-bit error and detect any 2-bit errors. Very old computers (25 years old, or more) used parity instead of ECC and they just detected any 1-bit error (and any errors with an odd number of flipped bits), without being able to correct the errors. The main use for FAT32 and exFAT is to transfer files between different operating systems or between a computer and some dedicated device, e.g. a photographic camera. They are not useful for anything else except memory cards, USB sticks and external SSDs. Unfortunately, nowadays it is frequently necessary to copy files larger than 4 GB. When using FAT32, you cannot do that without splitting the file and concatenating the parts at destination. That wastes time and it is annoying and sometimes it may be even impossible, when the destination lacks a concatenation program or an archiver that can deal with split archives. After Microsoft released it, now exFAT is supported in the Linux kernel. Because exFAT is also supported by all commercial operating systems, it is now the best way for file transfer. It does not matter any more if there are still valid patents for exFAT. The change is that now there is an exFAT driver included in the Linux kernel. Therefore, if you have a recent Linux kernel, you no longer need to install a user-mode driver for exFAT and the kernel driver has better performance. Very good point. I completely agree that being good at designing new APIs is one of the most valuable qualities of a programmer and I have never seen a job interview or test that could check this. I do not know why some down-voted this, but all these points are correct, and not only for Poland but also for many other countries from Eastern Europe, which had or even still have political problems due to the descendants of the former communists, who never really lost their mafia-like power. It would be nice if US would be taken to court for everything done, but that is very far from the truth. For example the US is guilty of criminal negligence during the invasion of Iraq, when an important part of the historical heritage of the entire humanity has been destroyed. It would have been extremely easy to avoid that, and there were ample efforts to warn the US political and military leaders to take appropriate actions, but all the warnings from competent people were ignored. A common thief or vandal who destroys one picture from a museum might rot in jail, but US presidents or generals who have destroyed historical artifacts far more valuable will never be punished in any way. It is of course completely legal for the US to apply any kind of economic sanctions they desire against any Chinese company, like Huawei or any others. Nevertheless, it is stupid, for several reasons. One is that there are no real reasons to apply sanctions to the companies selected until now and not apply the same sanctions to absolutely all Chinese companies. As the US themselves say, all Chinese companies must obey the Chinese government and they must assist their military if ordered to, so there is no base for banning commerce with only a selected list of companies, instead of banning all. So the only reason why it can make sense to choose just some companies for the moment is that blocking completely all the commerce with China would hurt more the US than China. However, for the Chinese companies it is clear that these arbitrary sanctions are not correlated with any behavior that they might try to have in order to be liked by the US in order to avoid sanctions, but as long as they remain Chinese companies they may be sanctioned too at any time. So they have a single exit, to never buy again anything from the US but substitute everything with alternatives. Sooner or later they will succeed to do that and then the sanctions would not be efficient any more. The sanctions would have been successful only if there would have been 2 possible lines of action for the Chinese companies and it would have been certain that one direction implies sanctions and the other direction means no sanctions. In that case maybe the US sanctions would have been useful. As it is, they can just annoy the Chinese and force them to give up on buying US products, which cannot be of any benefit for the US. The second reason why the sanctions are stupid, is that they are hurting the Chinese only because they were sudden and unexpected so they have caught the Chinese off-guard, being still dependent of various components that include parts of US provenience. All this has happened only because the US propaganda has repeated during many decades that the global free commerce is good and that everybody should not waste time and money by producing goods that might be purchased from the US either at a lower price or at a higher quality. Now all this formerly very successful US discourse has been exposed as a pack of lies, as it appears to have been just a trap conceived to ensnare other countries to become economically dependent on the US, in order to be vulnerable to economic sanctions. Such a trap can work only once and the time and manner chosen by Trump were not at all the best. Now all countries will try to remove their dependencies on US and the next time when the US might need to have real leverage, for a better reason than now, it will be much less likely to have enough impact. On the contrary, this is not legacy, it is a new fashion. The electronics and computers industries have been built initially based on free detailed documentation from all the manufacturers of components. When I was a student in electronics, I learned more from datasheets and application notes than from most university manuals. All companies continued to provide good technical documentation until close to the year 2000. With the growth of the Internet I believed that it will become easier than ever to get technical documentation, as it could be now downloaded instead of having to get printed copies. Unfortunately, at the end of the nineties a lot of negative tendencies have appeared. Many large electronics companies with decades of successful histories were split (e.g. Motorola, Siemens, Philips and others) and their successors seem to have lost most of their previous experience. A large number of other electronics companies have started a descending evolution and, sooner or later, between 2000 and 2020, they were bought by competitors, so now only a handful of US non-fabless manufacturers of semiconductor devices have survived. At the same time the incomprehensible fashion of requiring Non-Disclosure Agreements for getting the complete datasheets or even any datasheets has become more and more widespread. This policy of the NDA has been conceived by morons who have not the slightest idea about how an electronics product is designed. Whenever I design a new product, I need first to be able to read all the datasheets of all the products that might have even an extremely remote chance to be useful, to decide and select what I could use. I will not bother to sign an NDA to learn about products that might be not useful at all for me. The only positive effect that the NDA may have for a producer is that it might prevent the already existing customers to redesign their products, because they might not bother to obtain similar NDA from other vendors. On the other hand requesting NDA's will deter many potential new customers, especially due to the insistence on providing an estimated sales volume, before signing the NDA. That is stupid, because before seeing the information under NDA I have no idea if I would ever want to buy 1 sample, much less 1 million pieces per year. Managers seem much happier about NDA's than designers, because they frequently feel like they are some sort of special bond with the vendor and the information under NDA provides some sort of competitive advantage, but that is extremely far from the truth. In most cases the only valuable information contained in the datasheets under NDA was about horrible bugs that required complex workarounds. If I had known about the bugs before the NDA, I might have never chosen those components, so maybe that was a desirable feature of the NDA for the vendor. The end result is that when I was young and I designed anything, I could choose any component from a large number and I could easily select the best for my specific needs. Moreover, in many cases I could find a method to use in a novel way something that was not intended for my particular application, but due to the good documentation I could understand whether it would be good for different uses. Now there is frequently just one remaining producer for any component, or if there are more of them, you might need to choose one by lottery, because without the information under NDA you cannot know who has the product more suited for you, and you can sign the NDA only if you are already committed to buy that product and not another. Maybe the article was not clear enough, but what is correct is that you cannot eat only proteins to cover all your energy needs. Significantly more than 50% (e.g. 2/3) of the calories you eat must come from either fat or carbs, it does not matter which, as long as it is not protein (it does not matter for preventing protein-caused problems; depending on what kinds of fat or carbs you eat, they might cause other problems). A mixture like pemmican, which is 1/2 dried meat + 1/2 fat, has probably around 2/3 of its calories from fat, so it is perfectly OK as the only food for extended durations. While the animals hunted by them did not have much fat in their meat, ancient humans usually took care to not waste the fatty bone marrow and brain, which were a major source of fat for them. Nevertheless, those animals still contained much more proteins than fat, so it is very likely that the humans could not eat all the meat, so they probably ate the best parts, leaving the rest to scavengers. "zero-carb" may be true, but that does not mean that you have eaten only proteins. If that would have been true, you would have been dead. The meat of most domestic animals is fatty, most cheese & other dairy is fatty, eggs have a lot of fat in the yolk. Even if you did not eat any carbs, your food must have included enough fat to provide more calories than the protein content. Otherwise you would have had quickly severe health problems. You are correct only about Ryzens based on the old Zen 2. Any new Ryzen 5xxx based on Zen 3 is faster in single-thread than the best Apple M1. In general-purpose benchmarks, like Geekbench 5, the maximum Apple M1 score is 1752, while Ryzen 5xxx score between 1800 and 1876. In computational benchmarks, where the IPC is limited by some execution resources reaching 100% utilization, so the higher average IPC of Apple M1 does matter much less, Apple M1 is even slower compared to Ryzens. For example Ryzen 7 5800X is 22% faster than Apple M1 in gmpbench (the benchmark was run for both CPUs after tuning specific to Apple M1 and tuning specific to Zen 3 were added to libgmp, so it is a comparison of apples with apples). The comparison is not valid. For example my phones use Android, but I do not have a Google account. There exists no legal action that could be done by Google and that could influence anything that I am using my phone for. On the other hand, if Visa and Mastercard would decide to not let me buy something, that would be very bad for me, because I buy almost nothing with cash and most things that interest me could not be bought with cash anyway, because they cannot be found in the shops from my close neighborhood. So the monopoly of Visa and Mastercard really matters and it is very hard to circumvent. That of Apple and Google, much less so. Only Visa/MasterCard matter outside USA. Visa/MC are really critical infrastructure, because for many people they are the main means of payment or even the only one. In most cases they are the only existing means for making remote payments. I would have much preferred a world in which the remote payments would not have been done by credit cards, but by wire transfers (with much lower fees than the current fees for wire transfers), but we do not live in such a world. I am not sure about what weird conditions might be written in the small print of the contracts for credit cards, but certainly when Visa/MC advertise their services, they claim that you should pay for their cards in order to buy anything that you want, they do not invite you to pay them in order to let you buy only what they like. So I do not believe that it is correct to say that VISA/MC are private companies that can do anything they like. They have also obligations towards the customers who use their cards and they cannot decide unilaterally to ban some sellers, unless those are selling something illegal, which is not the case with Pornhub (after they took down what was said to be illegal content). I do not think that making a referendum among Visa/MC customers about whether to ban some vendor or another would be the most appropriate solution, but certainly unilateral decisions taken just by the Visa/MC management are an abuse. While I have never used Pornhub, so I have no opinion about how correct were their actions, I have paid in the past for a few other sites with erotic content and I would not like to discover one day that Visa or MC has again decided to block such a site without any valid reason. While I cannot know for sure what Pornhub does, as I have never used it (but I use other sites with erotic content), I have read about the evolution of this case. It was said that after the accusations have been published, Pornhub has reacted by removing the content that was claimed to include illegal parts and they have changed the rules for using the site (e.g. disabling anonymous uploads and downloads) in order to prevent such cases in the future. Only after the Pornhub reaction, VISA and MC blocked the payments, at a time when there already was not much more that PH could do, except maybe closing the site completely. So only Visa and MC can change anything now. Visa and Mastercard should not do whatever they want, because they are just middlemen in transactions and all their decisions affect their paying customers, much more than themselves. Visa/MC take the money of their customers, who use their cards, by promising to help them pay for anything they want. Visa/MC do not have any right to decide unilaterally what their customers might want to buy (as long as no illegal goods are involved), without consulting their customers first. I did not cherry pick any benchmarks, I have picked the only 2 benchmarks that have been published for both Apple M1 and for Zen 3, and that were also freely available, so I could also run them on my own computer, to verify that the published benchmark results are correct. They are not niche benchmarks. Geekbench 5 covers many common application domains and its only flaw is that the GB5 tests are very short so they finish before the CPU overheats and slows down, so this benchmark is much more favorable for Apple M1 than for a desktop CPU. Even if GB5 is advantageous for M1, it still shows that Zen 3 is faster. gmpbench tests a fundamental feature of any CPU, its ability to compute operations with large numbers. That may not matter for you but it is definitely one of the important criteria for measuring the single-thread speed of a processor, so when Apple M1 scores 6422 and a Ryzen 7 5800X (not the fastest Ryzen) scores 7816, there is no doubt about which starches which. Moreover, the multi-thread results that I have seen for Geekbench 5, which very strongly favors Apple M1 (because in a real application M1 would overheat soon and it would slow down) show a 60% higher speed for 5800X, not of 40%, e.g. 12339 for 5800X vs. 7716 for Apple M1. If you want to live with the illusion that Apple M1 is faster in single-thread execution than Zen 3, even if all the real numbers from benchmark results contradict you, that is your privilege. Apple M1 is definitely faster than any other CPU whose power consumption is reduced at the same value. At identical power consumptions, an Apple M1 core is faster by about 30% to 40% than an Intel Tiger Lake or an AMD Zen 3. All older Intel/AMD CPUs are even much slower. Nevertheless, the power consumptions of Intel and AMD CPUs can be raised to much higher levels and above 20 W per core, which is probably a little more than 3 times what an Apple M1 core consumes, they match the Apple M1 performance and at a higher power (i.e. in the current desktop Zen 3 and in the soon to be introduced Intel Rocket Lake and Intel Tiger Lake H) they surpass the speed of Apple M1. So in single-thread execution, AMD Zen 3 is already faster and the Intel CPUs that are expected for end of March will also be faster, but only at much higher power consumptions (3 to 4 times more per core in single-thread). Nonetheless, in desktops and large laptops those power consumptions do not matter. All large companies that have a quasi-monopoly, e.g. the large cable providers, ISPs, mobile phone companies, and so on, take frequently abusive decisions that affect negatively many of their customers. In most cases the customers are forced to accept these unilateral decisions, because they do not have the power to attempt a legal battle with those companies, e.g. for modifying the fees or the data caps. Nevertheless, even when we do not want or cannot fight such decisions, we should not say that they are private companies and they can do whatever they want. Those companies are not independent to do whatever they want, they are in contractual relationships with their paying customers. They may use their power to unilaterally change the contracts as they want to, but that does not mean that we must accept that might is right. I am an exception just in the sense that every time when I buy a new phone I reject many times the insistent suggestions of Android to open a Google account and to enable Google Services / Google Play, until Android gives up and bothers me no more. I do not need extra apps from the Google Store, because all the phones that I buy do the things that I need, e.g. voice calls, SMS messages, Internet browsing, photo/video recording, document reading, etc., without needing to install anything else. Things like Google Maps can be accessed in the browser, there is no need for an app. So it is not difficult to avoid Google. To avoid Visa and MC, one would need exceptional connections, because most online shops do not accept other methods of payment and it would not be easy to convince them to create a special method for you. I choose wire transfers whenever I can instead of credit cards. For payments within the country there are no fees, but for payments to other countries, the fees are larger than for credit cards and the vendors are less likely to have wire transfers as an alternative method of payment. The H2, with a Gemini Lake Refresh CPU, is certainly much faster than the APU2 which somebody suggested and also much faster than any cheap ARM device that uses old ARM cores like Cortex-A72 or Cortex-A73. I think that H2 is a good choice for a router/firewall, it is faster than anything in that price range, it is silent with passive cooling and the power consumption in normal use is much less than 10 W. Being a standard PC, any Linux distribution, as well as FreeBSD, Windows or any other OS can be installed without problems. I have used in the past a few older ODROID models and I have been content with them. The so-called 5 Gb/s PCIe 2.0 lanes are in fact 4 Gb/s lanes. Ethernet speeds are given in data bits per second, while USB 3.0, PCIe 1.0 and PCIe 2.0 add in their speed values the extra bits used for encoding. On the other hand, 10 Gb/s USB and 8 Gb/s PCIe 3.0 have really those speeds. Complicated :-( One PCIe 2.0 lane is more than enough for 2.5 Gb/s Ethernet, but not enough for 5 Gb/s Ethernet or 10 Gb/s Ethernet. No, there are cheaper options. A 10 Gb/s Ethernet NIC from ASUS, with the Aquantia controller, is $93 at Amazon. I use a few of those, bought in 2019, and they work fine. https://www.amazon.com/ASUS-XG-C100C-Network-Adapter-Single/... If you want to also have a WiFi access point, besides an Ethernet switch/router, there are 2 choices. You can use an Intel NUC or similar, which has the perfectly supported and high-speed Intel WiFi, together with several USB to Ethernet adapters, to have both a WiFi AP and multiple Ethernet ports. That is what I am currently using. Or, for a cheaper device, you can use Odroid H2 or something similar, with an USB WiFi dongle, taking care to select a model that has WiFi drivers for whatever operating system you use. You are right that 4 PCIe 2.0 lanes have an aggregate speed of 16 Gb/s (even if in marketing speak they would be wrongly called as 20 Gb/s), which is not enough even for two 10 Gb/s ports, but only for one. However, that is not due to being a cheap hobbyist board, but due to Intel, who have not provided their Atom line of CPUs with more lanes or with faster lanes. Only the Elkhart Lake and Jasper Lake CPUs, which have been just launched by Intel as a replacement for the Gemini Lake Refresh CPUs used in ODROID H2, are the first Intel CPUs of the Atom series that have PCIe 3.0. The belief that free speech must have limits is necessarily equivalent with the belief that a large part of the people are stupid and they must be protected by the smart people by preventing them to hear anything that might influence their feeble minds and make them act in a wrong way. Maybe this belief about most people being stupid is correct, therefore free speech must indeed be limited, but I do not see any of the advocates of limiting free speech having the courage to tell what they really think in the face of those whom they want to protect. Both the Ugaritic "alphabet" and the Phoenician "alphabet" must have been derived from an earlier abjad, from which we do not have any preserved example. The earlier, unknown, abjad, must have been used to write the same 27 consonants as in the Ugaritic alphabet, but using graphic signs similar to those used by the 22-sign Phoenician alphabet, which resemble in form the Egyptian signs. There is no doubt that the Egyptian writing system was the inspiration for the first abjad, because both the method of writing only the consonants and the direction of writing were inherited from the Egyptians. In Ugarit, in order to write on earth tablets, like in Mesopotamia, the original graphic signs used for the 27 consonants were replaced with cuneiform signs. On the other hand, the Phoenicians deleted 5 letters, because their language was simplified and the 5 deleted consonants were eventually pronounced identically with other 5 consonants. It is supposed that the Phoenician pronunciation was simplified so much because it was used as a lingua franca for commerce, by many people. This reduction in the number of consonants created later problems for other Semitic people, e.g. Hebrews and Arabs, who still pronounced distinctly some of the consonants that were deleted from the Phoenician alphabet, so they had to invent diacritics to mark the missing consonants (e.g. shin and sin in Hebrew). Yes, you are right. This is the most unfortunate consequence of the idea that free speech must be limited. If it is accepted that a part of the people cannot be trusted to not do wrong things when others tell them to do so, then an unavoidable consequence is that to that part of the people the right to vote must also be denied, because if they may be convinced by lies to do very wrong things, like violence, then it is even more certain that they will be easily convinced by lies to do a minor mistake, like casting a wrong vote. Any proposal to deny the right of voting to stupid people, or to give different weight to the votes, depending on the "intelligence" of the voters, would rightly generate huge protests. However, any proposal to restrict the free speech without also restricting the right to vote is logically inconsistent, even if many seem to not notice this. There are no single criteria that can be used to judge how democratic a country is. Many European countries have more restrictions on free speech than USA, so yes, they are less democratic by this criterion. By other criteria, e.g. by evaluating how many abusive laws they have that favor a few rich individuals that own some large companies against the majority of the citizens, most European countries are more democratic than USA. The same conclusion comes from other criteria, like how easy is for most citizens to access education or health services. Some other poster already mentioned that what you list are actions that are punishable by various laws, at least in most countries. There is a huge difference between punishing someone for something already done, e.g. slander or libel, and denying him access to publication media because you believe that in the future that person might say something that might have who knows what effect on other people, who might do some crimes. I completely agree that whoever abuses the free speech right to do something punishable by law must be judged and punished if found guilty. On the other hand, I do not agree with any of these "deplatforming" actions based on vague beliefs about the future actions of some people. If Trump or anyone else is expected to do a speech crime, then watch him and, as soon as he does that, fine him or arrest him. If he already did such a crime, then also fine him or arrest him. Otherwise, "deplatforming" him has no basis in facts. Nobody can be so vulnerable to the words of other people that they will do obviously bad things, unless they are stupid. Normal people are vulnerable to lies only in the sense that when presented with deliberately false information that they cannot verify immediately, they may trust the liar and make a wrong decision to do something that they cannot know yet whether it is right or wrong, e.g. buying something cheap for a high price or being the victim for another kind of fraud. Only someone stupid will beat someone or burn a house because of some false accusations. All the arguments for these deplatforming actions were that the people, who would have heard the propaganda of those to whom the access is denied now, would have been easily convinced to do stupid things. I completely agree. However, I want to repeat what I have already replied to another similar post. All these speech crimes should be punished according to the law, as soon as they are committed. Restricting the speech of someone, by denying access to publication media, just because it is believed that they might commit some speech crime in the future, that is clearly an arbitrary and baseless restriction of the free speech right. If the author of such an online message cannot be identified, then the recourse is what is already common practice, to delete the offending message or possibly to replace the deceiving information with correct information. If the author can be identified, which is frequently true, then it should be the same for online as for in person. I do not think that it is very hard to determine when a protest becomes a riot, but I think that it is extremely difficult to determine who is guilty for transforming a protest into a riot. I have no idea about what has really happened last year in USA, because the truth cannot be discovered just from video transmissions at TV or on the Internet. Nevertheless, I have seen much more closely a large number of peaceful protests in other countries, which eventually became riots. However it became clear later, that in most or in all cases, the transformation of the protests into riots was done by undercover police agents or secret service agents, who had infiltrated the protests and who had done this in order to discredit the protests so that their demands could be ignored and their organizers punished. In the case of banishing someone like Trump from Twitter, where that is justified by many previous misleading messages, I agree that this is right. However, this discussion thread started about the actions done against Parler. I had not previously heard about Parler, but I understand that the efforts to stop its activity are based on claims that it does not perform adequate censorship of the content published there, unlike Facebook or Twitter. If there are people that have published there things that are punishable by law, they should be punished. If Parler itself has done something illegal, then they should be punished. However, if some private companies sabotage Parler based on the fact that Parler does not have the same censorship rules as themselves, then that is clearly wrong. From what I have heard here, it might be good if Parler disappears, but I cannot accept that the end justifies the means. The orderings of the 27 consonants of the Ugaritic alphabet and of the 22 consonants of the Phoenician alphabet are identical, not just roughly the same. The difference is just that 5 consonants are missing from the Phoenician alphabet in random places: between gamma and delta, between kappa and lambda, between mu and nu, between nu and xi, and between sigma and tau. It is known with which other consonants the deleted consonants were merged. For example Ugaritic had "s" and unvoiced "th" like in "thin", while Phoenician pronounced both as "s" and kept only the sigma letter. (I have used the names of the letters as used by the Greeks, as those are more familiar for most people) The Ugaritic alphabet also used for certain purposes 3 supplementary signs, invented later, and which were added after the original 27 consonants. It depends on what kind of WiFi you need. You are probably right about the problems with many clients, I would not know. While I have a network with more than a dozen computers, most are wired and I seldom connect through WiFi more than a single laptop. In this use case, I did not have problems, and I much prefer to use as router a computer over which I have complete control instead of some appliance that does whatever it wants, but I have not tried to see what happens with many WiFi clients in this configuration, because I have not needed that. When emulating x86 Apple translates the x86 code into ARM code, so it is executed later at almost native speeds. Only for programs that depend heavily on just-in-time compilation for Java, JavaScript etc. Apple must fall-back to interpretation of the x86 instructions, being then much slower. Also the outperforming of AMD/Intel has been somewhat exaggerated. Apple M1 is faster in single-thread than any old Intel or AMD, but it is slower than any new Zen 3 CPU and it will be slower than the top models of Intel Tiger Lake H and Intel Rocket Lake. In multi-thread M1 is easily beaten by many processors. On Christmas I have upgraded the CPU in one of my computers with a Ryzen 9 5900X, so I could verify that in the single-thread benchmarks that I could run on my computer, the values matched those published elsewhere for Zen 3 and they also exceeded the highest of the values published for Apple M1, by e.g. from 3% to 4% in Geekbench 5, until 24% in gmpbench. Most RISC ISA's, including PPC and ARM are much nicer to program in assembly than the Intel/AMD x86 ISA. The only exception is with RISC ISA's that are far too simple, e.g. the base RISC-V, so they lack many common instructions or addressing modes, forcing the programmer to use sequences of instructions instead of the single instructions of other, more complete, ISA's. Most RISC ISA's are relatively orthogonal, in the sense that you have to memorize only a small list of things, e.g. of kinds of instructions, kinds of registers, kinds of addressing modes, and then you can express any program as a combination of those few elements. On the other hand, for the Intel/AMD x86 ISA, to be able to write an optimized program, you need to know a huge list of things. The original x86 registers are all different having different features, there are not even 2 identical registers, so to find the optimal register allocation is difficult. Even the extra 8 registers added by the AMD 64-bit extension are not identical, but they are divided in 3 or 4 groups with different properties regarding the encoding of the instructions, which result in different program izes. Among the registers added by more recent ISA extensions, especially the SIMD extensions, SSE/AVX, there are finally groups of identical registers that are easier to allocate, but these must be used together with the integer registers, which are needed at least for addressing. It is difficult to determine the total number of different instructions in the x86 ISA, but they are much more than a thousand, many of which are obsolete and which should be avoided. Even when compared to older normal ISA's, which are not so complex like x86, e.g. Motorola 68k or IBM mainframes, many RISC ISA's, including POWER & ARMv8, are still an easier target for assembly programming, when you attempt to write an optimized program. When the performance of the program was not important, assembly programs for some traditional CISC ISA's e.g. Motorola 68k or DEC VAX could be simpler than for RISC ISA's, due to using fewer more complex instructions, but those instructions typically had slower implementations, so an optimized program might have been forced to avoid them. Knowing the very variable timing of the CISC instructions and accounting for that in order to write an optimized program, made optimized assembly programming more difficult than for RISC CPUs. Most animals (actually not only the animals but most eukaryotic cells) can produce energy (in the form of ATP) by transforming glucose into lactic acid, exactly like in the lactic fermentation of milk into yogurt. (Some animals and some other eukaryotic organisms use other fermentation variants, e.g. alcoholic fermentation by yeasts or fermentation of glucose + water into acetic acid + carbon dioxide + dihydrogen in cells with hydrogenosomes.) The energy produced thus is many times lower than the energy that could be produced by oxidizing the same quantity of glucose into water and carbon dioxide. While the energy is low, the power is very high, because the fermentation is done by a simpler sequence of reactions and a much larger quantity of glucose can be fermented in a given time than the quantity that could be fully oxidized. So the difference between using glucose fermentation and using the oxidation of either glucose or fat is like the difference between using supercapacitors and using batteries. Some devices are optimized for high power but lower energy storage capacity, while others are optimized for low power but much higher energy capacity. In most cells there is a more complex hierarchy of energy-producing mechanisms, which are ordered from the highest power and lowest energy capacity to the lowest power and the highest energy capacity. For example, in the muscles of vertebrates, you have, in the order from above, ATP hydrolysis, phosphocreatine hydrolysis, glucose fermentation and finally glucose & fat oxidation. The vertebrates are actually much better than most other animals at glucose fermentation, which gives them a significant advantage. Because of that, the vertebrates are able of short bursts of activity that use a very high power, e.g. running short distances or jumping or catching a prey, before having to reduce the power to the lower level that can be sustained for a long time by the aerobic oxidation. "On the contrary, that guides register allocation" I agree that you are right that for simple programs you can use the x86 registers for the purpose chosen by Intel, e.g. CX for storing a loop counter and so on. Nevertheless, in my experience that are a lot of programs where you also want to use the registers for other things and if you would want to ensure that the program has the minimal size possible with the x86 encoding, you would have to move that variable from one register to another many times, to be able to use the shorter instructions possible with certain registers. Of course, you can just ignore a large number of the 8086 special instruction encodings that were designed to enable shorter programs, in which case you can use most registers in an almost orthogonal way. However, that is not very satisfying, to waste the extra existing hardware, just because it is hard to use. I prefer a CPU which does not implement features with little benefits, but if the features have already been implemented, I will rather use them. "The "high registers" are all accessed with an extra prefix byte." This is how it should have been, except that AMD was super lazy for unknown reasons and they saved a few decoding gates in a 64-bit CPU with millions of gates by not fully-decoding that extra prefix byte. Because of that, there are addressing modes where you cannot encode R12 and other addressing modes where you cannot encode R13. When using R12 or R13, certain instructions are longer than when using other registers and those instructions are not the same for R12 and for R13. So, to write the minimum-length program you must allocate differently R12, R13 and the other high registers. Moreover, there are other differences in the high registers that are not enforced by hardware, but they are enforced by the AMD64 ABI conventions about register usage, further dividing the high registers into groups with different properties. Also the high number of registers in RISC CPUs vs. CISC CPUs has almost no relationship with the RISC concept. One or two extra registers in a RISC are enough to cover the fact that a CISC instruction that combines a load with an operation uses an implicit register, besides the architectural registers. The fact that most RISC ISAs have more registers than older ISAs, which happened to be CISC, is due to the need for higher performance in modern CPUs. When you have more registers, you can interleave more chains of dependent operations, being thus able to hide the latencies of various execution units or to fully use all the execution units that would have stayed idle otherwise. Too many registers can lower the performance, due to the need for saving and restoring them, but 32 registers are definitely better than 16, because they frequently enable faster programs. Register renaming does not help with this. Register renaming eliminates the problem of shared resources (i.e. shared registers) in concurrent instructions, but it does not enable you to write a program that will hide the latencies caused by dependencies between instructions or that will be able to fully use all the execution units. Thanks for the recommendation. I have found it and it is indeed hilarious. You might be right if you are running some sort of experimental FreeBSD system, where for some reason you expect crashes. On the other hand, I have run continuously, 24/7, for almost 20 years a FreeBSD server without any swap and without ever seeing any crash or panic. In my opinion the swap is useless and it is better to just install enough physical memory. I reboot that system just once a year or so, for a kernel update or a hardware upgrade. I run on it a large number of services, mostly Internet related, e.g. firewall, router, NTP server, DNS server for outside, DNS resolver for the internal network, e-mail server, Web server, Web proxy, file server. Any good science advance can be done only incrementally over previous advances done by others. Those who are smart enough to contribute to science advances are also aware that their work would have been impossible if others would not have published the results of their work, instead of keeping those for themselves. Therefore they understand that the best strategy for being able to do further advances is to publish what they have found until now, so that in the future, after receiving new results from others, they will be able to discover new advances. This is a rational optimal strategy that does not need any supplementary incentives, like being paid for publications or believing in science or whatever. Of course there are always people who believe that they can cheat in this game and keep secret some useful discoveries. However, in this case cheating works only if you get out of the game, i.e. if you believe that you have made a discovery so great and definitive that not only keeping it secret can bring profits but also that it no longer needs any improvements, so you will never need to do research again in that field. You might get some short-term profits by secrecy, but it is quite certain that you will not be able to find any improvements at the same pace as when the discovery would have been published and you would have seen feedback from others trying to use it and enhance it. The great advances in sciences and technology in the second half of the second millennium were due precisely to the European obsession for quickly publishing any novelty, while China and other Asian countries dominated by Chinese culture stagnated, due to the obsession for secrecy, e.g. that every wise master should reveal his whole knowledge only to a few trusted disciples, possibly only to a single one chosen from them and possibly just at the latest moment possible, on the death bed. Unfortunately, in the last few decades there was a continuous shift from traditions to publish everything in order to ensure the fastest progress to policies to keep secret as much details as possible, due to what I consider as a false belief, that this secrecy creates a competitive advantage. I normally use FreeBSD on servers, so I have little experience with desktops. Nevertheless, a couple of years ago I have used FreeBSD also as a desktop for some time. I have used XFCE, installed by compiling from sources, from FreeBSD ports, because that is what I use on Linux and I did not notice any problems. The desktop experience depends a lot on what hardware you have, because of possible compatibility issues. With an AMD Radeon GPU, I had some problems, I do not remember which. On the other hand, after installing an NVIDIA card and the NVIDIA FreeBSD driver, all worked perfectly. My camera was a Logitech, I think a C920, and that worked OK, both video and audio on FreeBSD. Yes, I also use it precisely for this in all my backups. You are right. The way I use it is like you say. My backups consist of compressed and encrypted archive files, which are then processed with PAR, to add redundancy that will allow the recovery of any corrupted files from the archive. This depends a lot on the operating system and on how it is configured. On my Gentoo Linux, there are absolutely no writes during booting. On the other hand, for my job, I have installed Windows 10 Enterprise on several kinds of embedded computers. Some of those computers used some ancient model of Transcend SATA SSDs, which had an extremely low writing speed, of only around 40 Mbyte/s, much like a memory card (and not like a good one). After the default installation of Windows 10, the booting was unbelievably slow, it could take maybe a half hour or so. When Windows 10 decided that it must install updates, it was much worse. The computer became available after booting only after a few hours. I had to waste a few days with the unhelpful Windows Knowledge Base and with some more helpful Internet forums, until I discovered how to shut down all the Windows services that wanted to write to the SSD during booting, so that eventually the booting time of Windows reached an acceptable value of less than a minute. On the same hardware Linux booted almost instantly, because the SSD reading speed was decent, unlike its writing speed. There are Linux distributions that I do not use, e.g. Ubuntu, and I would not be surprised if those also come with default configurations that attempt to write during booting, e.g. for updating file indexing databases, or other such crap. NVIDIA provides drivers for FreeBSD, like they do for Linux. The NVIDIA drivers work fine for graphics applications. Nevertheless NVIDIA CUDA is available only for Linux, so NVIDIA GPU compute applications do not work directly, but maybe only using the Linux compatibility layer (I have not tried that). Indium is comparable in abundance with gold, so it is indeed very rare. Indium is completely irreplaceable in LED's, especially in the LED's used for lighting, and also in other important semiconductor devices, e.g. in the GaN transistors that are now used in the latest miniaturized power bricks. Currently the largest quantity of indium is used for the transparent conductors required in all displays, from smartphones to TV's and monitors. There are alternatives for this use, but all have various disadvantages, e.g. a lower lifetime or a lower efficiency. I agree that wasting indium, which is probably the element with the lowest known resources compared to the known future needs for it, to make something like pigments, where there are a lot of mostly equivalent alternatives, is a serious mistake. Originally, "ultramarine" meant something like "imported merchandise", i.e. something brought from the other side (ultra-) of the sea (-marine). It provided the information that this is a foreign pigment that must be better than the lower-quality pigments produced locally (e.g. azurite). I believe that the anti-thiomersal hysteria was quite justified. Even if thiomersal is more effective at killing bacteria than at killing humans, there are no doubts that it is also toxic for humans and for any other animals. While the thiomersal dose injected together with a vaccine is small enough so that in most cases it will not cause damages before being eliminated from the body, the risks are not negligible. To willingly inject yourself with poison, even in a quantity that hopefully will not hurt you, seems rather stupid. Better alternative bactericides must be found for vaccine preservation. I agree that using such a pigment for a small number of art objects would certainly be justified, like also the use of gold in art objects or jewelry, instead of its more valuable technical uses, for which there are no alternatives, e.g. in protecting electrical contacts from corrosion or in semiconductor metallization. However, if instead of using this pigment in a few valuable paintings, it would be used in a high number of ephemeral sketches done for practice, that would be a waste. Nevertheless, the high price at which the pigment has been launched is good, because it will probably deter casual use. While I have to use occasionally Windows for work, on my own desktops and laptops I have used only Linux for almost 20 years and I have not seen any of the problems encountered by you. Your problem with Wayland I could not have seen, because I have not attempted to use Wayland yet, but most of the others seem to be Gnome related. I have never used Gnome, as I have never liked what I have briefly seen in the Linux distributions that default to Gnome. Perhaps that is the reason why I did not have your problems. (While KDE 3.5 was much better than Windows was at that time, I have been hugely disappointed by the unbelievable regressions in KDE 4, so I have also abandoned KDE at that time and I am using XFCE since then. XFCE imposes very little restrictions on the desktop applications, allowing the free mixing of graphical applications that were designed for either Gnome or KDE, so I can choose whichever works better.) Linux is much more diverse than other operating systems and there are a lot of alternatives for most components. Almost all complaints that I have seen about Linux, were in fact not applicable to Linux in general, but only to certain specific configurations that I would not attempt to use, because I agree that they are bad. Unfortunately, choosing a Linux configuration good for a certain purpose and for certain hardware frequently requires either a lot of experience or the wasting of much time with trying various variants. I am using a second account, configured differently, like you recommend, as this is the simplest solution. For even better isolation, a virtual machine could be used, instead of a second computer. Since AMD has introduced its first 7 nm chip, Intel's 14-nm chips have never been competitive. Intel's 14-nm process has only 1 advantage over any other process node, including Intel's own 10 nm: the highest achievable clock frequency, of up to 5.3 GHz. This advantage is very important for games, but not for most other purposes. Since the first 7-nm chip of AMD, their CPUs consume much less power at a given clock frequency than Intel's 14 nm. Because of this, whenever more cores are active, so that the clock frequency is limited by the total power consumption, the clock frequency of the AMD CPUs is higher than of any Intel CPU with the same number of active cores, which lead to AMD winning any multi-threaded benchmark even with Zen 2, when they still did not have the advantage of a higher IPC than Intel, like they have with Zen 3. With the latest Intel's 10 nm process variant, Intel has about the same power consumption at a given frequency and the same maximum clock frequency as the TSMC 7 nm proces. So Intel should have been able to compete now with AMD, except that they still appear to have huge difficulties in making larger chips in sufficient quantities, so they are forced to use workarounds, like the launch of the Tiger Lake H35 series of laptop CPUs with smaller dies, to have something to sell until they will be able to produce the larger 8-core Tiger Lake H CPUs. While you are right that due to their design CPUs like Apple M1 can reach the same single-thread performance as Intel/AMD at a much lower clock frequency and such a clock frequency could be reached much earlier, e.g. already Intel Nehalem in 2009 reached 3.3 GHz as turbo, while Sandy Bridge in 2011 had 3.4 GHz as base clock frequency, it would have been impossible to make a CPU like Apple M1 in any earlier technology, not even in Intel's 14 nm. To achieve its very high IPC, M1 multiplies a lot of internal resources and also uses very large caches. All those require a huge number of transistors. Implementing an M1-like design in an earlier technology would have required a very large area, resulting in a price so large and also in a power consumption so large that such a design would have been infeasible. However, you are partially right in the sense that Intel clearly was overconfident due to their clock frequency advantage and they have decided on a roadmap to increase the IPC of their CPUs in the series Skylake => Ice Lake => Alder Lake that was much less ambitious than it should have been. While Tiger Lake and Ice Lake have about the same IPC, Alder Lake is expected to bring a similar increase like from Skylake to Ice Lake. Maybe that will be competitive with Zen 4, but it is certain that the IPC of Alder Lake will still be lower than the IPC of Apple M1, so Intel will continue to be able to match the Apple performance only at higher clock frequencies, which cause a higher power consumption. I agree with most of what you say, except that AMD was also technically superior during these last years. Intel certainly has the potential of being technically superior to AMD, but they do not appear to have focused on the right things in their roadmaps for CPU evolution. Many years before the launches of Ice Lake and Tiger Lake, the enthusiastic presentations of Intel about the future claimed that these will bring some sort of marvelous improvements in microarchitecture, but the reality has proven to be much more modest. While from Skylake in 2015 to Ice Lake in 2019 there was a decent increase in IPC, it was still much less than expected after so many years. While they were waiting for a manufacturing process, they should have redesigned their CPU cores to get something better than this. Moreover the enhancements in Ice Lake and Tiger Lake seem somewhat unbalanced and random, there is no grand plan that can be discerned about how to improve a CPU. On the other hand the evolution of Zen cores was perfect, every time the AMD team seems to have been able to add precisely all improvements that could give a maximum performance increase with a minimum implementation effort. Thus they were able to pass from Zen 1 (2017) with an IPC similar to Intel Broadwell (2014), to Zen 2 (2019) with an IPC a little higher than Intel Skylake (2015) and eventually to Zen 3 (2020) with an IPC a little higher than Intel Tiger Lake (2020). So even if the main advantage of AMD remains the superior CMOS technology they use from TSMC, just due to the competence of their design teams, they have passed from being 3 years behind Intel in IPC in 2017, to being ahead of Intel in IPC in 2020. If that is not technical superiority, I do not know what is. Like I have said, I believe that Intel could have done much better than that, but they seem to have done some sort of a random walk, instead of a directed run, like AMD. True, but the M1 CPU, together with the necessary cache and memory controller still occupies about a third of the Apple M1 die. In the Intel 32-nm process, the area would have been 30 to 40 times larger than in the TSMC 5 nm process. The 32-nm die would have been as large as a book, many times larger than any manufacturable chip. By 2011, 2-core CPUs would not have been competitive, but even reducing the area in half is not enough to bring the size into the realm of possible. You are right that those applications benefit from a higher single-thread performance. Nevertheless, unlike in competitive games, the few percents of extra clock frequency that Intel previously had in Comet Lake versus Zen 2 and which Intel probably will have again in Rocket Lake versus Zen 3, are not noticeable in office applications or Web browsing, so they are not a reason to choose one vendor or the other. I was looking at the same image. A very large part of the die is not labelled and it must include some blocks that cannot be omitted from the CPU, e.g. the PCIe controller and various parts from the memory controller, e.g. buffers and prefetchers. The area labelled for the memory channels seems to contain just the physical interfaces for the memory, that is why it is small. The complete memory controller must include parts of the unlabelled area. Even if the CPU part of M1 would be smaller, e.g. just a quarter, that would be 30 square mm. In the 32 nm technology that would likely need much more than 1000 square mm, i.e. it would be impossible to be manufactured. The number of transistors claimed for various CPUs or GPUs is mostly meaningless and usually very far from the truth anyway. The only thing that matters for estimating the costs and the scaling to other processes is the area occupied on the die, which is determined by much more factors than the number of transistors used, even if that would have been reported accurately. (The transistors are not identical, they can have very different sizes and the area of various parts of a CPU may be determined more by the number of interconnections than by the number of transistors.) "1st" is not a "natural" choice for the starting point of ordinal numbers. If anything, it is an artificial choice, because in programming it is derived from a property of most, probably of all, human languages that have ordinal numerals. In most, probably in all, human languages the ordinal numerals are derived from the cardinal numerals through the intermediate of the counting sequence 1, 2, 3, ... When cardinal numbers appeared, their initial use was only to communicate how many elements are in a set, which was established by counting 1, 2, 3, ... Later people realized that they can refer to an element of a sequence by using the number reached at that element when counting the elements of the sequence, so the ordinal numerals appeared, being derived from the cardinals by applying some modifier. So any discussion about whether 1 is more natural than 0 as the starting index goes back to whether 1 is more natural as the starting point of the counting sequence. All human languages have words for expressing zero as the number of elements of a set, but the speakers of ancient languages did not consider 0 as a number, mainly because it was not obtained by counting. There was no need to count the elements of an empty set, you just looked at it and it was obvious that the number was 0. Counting with the traditional sequence can be interpreted as looking at the sequence in front of you, pointing at the right of an element and saying how many elements are at the left of your hand, then moving your hand one position to the right. It is equally possible to count by looking at the sequence in front of you, pointing at the left of an element and saying how many elements are at the left of your hand, then moving your hand one position to the right. In the second variant, the counting sequence becomes 0, 1, 2, 3, ... The human languages do not use the second variant for 2 reasons, one reason is that zero was not perceived as having the same nature as the other cardinal numbers and the other reason is that the second variant has 1 extra step, which is not needed, because when looking at a set with 1 element, it is obvious that the number of elements is 1, without counting. So neither 0 or 1 is a more "natural" choice for starting counting, but 1 is more economical when the counting is done by humans. When the counting is done by machines, 0 as the starting point is slightly more economical, because it can be simpler to initialize all the bits or digits of an electronic or mechanical counter to the same value for 0, than initializing them to different values, for 1. While 1 was a more economical choice for humans counting sheep, 0 is a choice that is always slightly simpler, both for hardware and software implementations and for programmers, who are less likely to do "off by one" errors when using 0-based indices, because many index-computing formulas, especially in multi-dimensional arrays, become a little simpler. In conclusion, the choice between 0 and 1 never has anything to do with "naturalness", but it should always be based on efficiency and simplicity. I prefer 0, even if I have programmed for many years in 1-based languages, like Fortran & Basic, before first using the 0-based C and the other languages influenced by it. I did not explain in detail how a human should count, because I think that for a programmer it should have been clear that the exit criterion from the loop is in both cases to have no elements at the right of your hand. So your Timmy has a bug in his loop code, which caused a premature exit :-) He should have counted 0, 1, 2, 3. Like I have said, humans do not count like this, because there are 4 steps instead of 3 steps. For humans, it is easier to have an "if" before the loop, selecting between the special case of an empty set and a non-empty set, whose elements must be counted. Nonetheless, an electronic counter would have really counted 0, 1, 2, 3, unlike you. Icon (from the SNOBOL author) had the negative indices many years before Python and it is likely that this Python feature was inspired by it. Yes, but checked indexing requires only one comparison with the upper limit when your indices are 0-based, instead of 2 comparisons, when the starting index is different from 0. The sign of the index can be determined without a comparison, usually simultaneously with one of the previous operations. Pointing directly to the objects that you are counting is not natural, it is just a bad habit. People who are interrupted while they are counting and who have to restart the counting later, frequently forget whether they have already counted the pointed object, or not. Pointing between the objects avoids these errors. When I was young, I also had the impression that counting from 1 is natural. When I first encountered 0-based languages, I was annoyed by them, especially because I knew how Fortran compilers are implemented and I was familiar with all the tricks that are used by compilers to minimize the extra operations that are required to work with 1-based arrays. So my initial naive thought was that maybe the implementers of C were not competent enough. However, after many extra years of experience, I believe that all the tricks for the efficient implementation of 1-based arrays are not worthwhile, because even for programmers it is more efficient to think using 0-based indices. So now I really consider 0, 1, 2, 3 ... as a more "natural" counting sequence, unlike when I was a child. Actually it is vice-versa. Brown is a color whose hue is orange and which has low brightness. You can use "orange" to describe a saturated or even a monochromatic color, at any brightness, so orange can be used to describe a color of light. You cannot use "brown" for any color with high brightness, like you cannot use "black" or "gray" for colors with high brightness. Given a brown color, if you increase its brightness, at a certain level it will no longer look brown. The M1 beats every old x86 CPU in single threaded performance. The M1 is slower in single threaded performance than any AMD Zen 3 CPU at 4.8 GHz or higher clock frequency and also slower than any Intel Tiger Lake or Rocket Lake CPU at 5.0 GHz or higher clock frequency. For example the maximum recorded single-thread Geekbench 5 score for M1 is 1753, while Ryzen 9 59xx score above 1800 and up to 1876. The first Rocket Lake record at 5.3 GHz is 1896, but it is expected that it will score better than that, above 1900. In benchmarks that unlike GB5 focus more on computational performance in optimized programs, Intel/AMD have an even greater advantage in ST performance than above. (For example, in gmpbench even the old Ryzen 7 3700X beats Apple M1, even when using on Apple a libgmp that was tuned specifically for M1.) What is true is that Apple M1 is much faster (on average) in ST than any non-overclocked CPU launched before mid 2020. Yes, indeed, Ikea furniture covers a wide range. For example, my most recent purchase from Ikea was one year ago, when I bought a couple of tables made of steel, on which I keep some E-ATX computer cases. Those steel tables look like they should last more than a human lifetime. Few SSDs can sustain such a speed for a long time. After they exhaust their temporary SLC cache they drop to much lower speeds. SSDs that have accumulated a large amount of writes might also make large pauses at random times during writing, for garbage collection. Good SSDs remain faster than HDDs even in these circumstances, but they are nevertheless much slower than when benchmarked for short times while they are new. Yes indeed, there are examples of dependencies that have been removed by evolution. For example cobalt and nickel were both essential for the first living beings. However, on the continents they are much less accessible than in the oceans. Because of that, most terrestrial plants have lost the dependency on cobalt (which is why they cannot provide vitamin B12 to those who eat them) and most have also lost the dependency on nickel (except that for many terrestrial plants nickel, while no longer strictly required, can still be useful by enabling them to use urea as a source of nitrogen, when other sources of nitrogen are scarce). This magnesium hydride technology certainly does not solve the hydrogen storage problem in the sense of being better than using hydrocarbons for energy storage, as the living beings have been doing for billions of years. For many applications, using magnesium hydride should be much better than using compressed or liquefied hydrogen, but it remains far worse than gasoline despite the misleading statement from the article "POWERPASTE offers a range comparable to – or even greater than – gasoline". This statement is false. Magnesium has twice the atomic weight of carbon and the hydrogen from magnesium dihydride provides only 2 electrons per magnesium atom, instead of 6 electrons per carbon atom, as in gasoline. Because of that, a fuel cell using hydrocarbons (those exist, but the current prototypes do not have an acceptable lifetime) would have a 6-times higher energy capacity per fuel weight. While the energy per weight of magnesium dihydride is very poor, the energy per volume is more decent, because gasoline has low density. Nevertheless MgH2 has only twice the density of gasoline, which means that the hydrogen content per volume is about the same as for gasoline. Because when used in a fuel cell gasoline would provide 3 times more current per volume, magnesium hydride remains uncompetitive regardless how the storage cost is computed. Pure dihydrogen would provide a voltage around 20% higher than hydrocarbons in a fuel cell. That is much too little to make a difference compared to factors of 6 and 3 in current per weight and current per volume. Instead of wasting time and money to search for impossible ways of storing hydrogen, the energy research should be directed to improving the (already existing) technologies for making hydrocarbons from carbon dioxide and for making hydrocarbon-using fuel cells with better characteristics. Bound hydrogen is what is in gasoline and any other hydrocarbons. So it is nothing new, but a method for storing energy already used for a few billions of years, since free dioxygen appeared on Earth. The only chemical substances that can approach hydrocarbons in energy density must be composed of light elements, preferably able to lose many electrons by oxidation. So aluminum hydride would be better from this point of view than the magnesium hydride and ammonia is a very good solution if it is desired to avoid making hydrocarbons from carbon dioxide. Nevertheless, nothing practically usable beats hydrocarbons in energy density. However it is unknown yet whether another form of storage, e.g. ammonia or another hydride a.k.a. "bound hydrogen", would not be better for the efficiency of a complete cycle of storing the energy by chemical synthesis, then recovering it using a fuel cell or a thermal engine. You are right that the main disadvantage of storing energy in hydrocarbons is the low efficiency of the complete cycle, which is indeed around 20% today. It is likely that the efficiency can be improved a lot but it is improbable that the efficiency of the complete cycle could reach much above 50% any time soon. So you are right, for the best efficiency rechargeable batteries are the best. Nevertheless, there are many cases when a maximum autonomy time is more important than the efficiency, together with the possibility of storing the energy for an indefinite time without any losses (e.g. due to self-discharge). In those cases hydrocarbons are optimal. So both technologies are necessary and each has uses for which it is the best. For example, a healthy human can live about one month without eating, due to the stored hydrocarbons, i.e. fat. No future robot using lithium batteries will be able to do that, while performing a similar activity level and having the size of a human. Tape is the only commercially-available storage medium that can be used for long-term archival storage, e.g. 10 years or more. The tapes are typically specified for 30 years storage time, but it is likely that you will have to transfer the content on larger tapes earlier than that or you might not be able to find compatible drives. Nonetheless, a 10 year storage time is easily achievable with tapes. There are no competitive devices. The optical disks have a far lower capacity. Moreover, except those made with gold, which are no longer produced, the metallic mirror will oxidize after a few years and the disk will become impossible to read. The SSDs and other flash-based devices lose the charge after a few years. The HDDs that are not in active use will develop after a few years mechanical problems and they may remain stuck. There are other technologies that could be used to make memories suitable for archival purposes, but nobody has tried to develop commercial products. The market is small, because most people do not think much about the future so they discover that they should have spent more on archival storage only after some precious data is lost and it can no longer be retrieved. In my home, I am using LTO-7 tapes to store data whose loss I consider unacceptable. For example, because of space problems, I have scanned a huge quantity of books that I had previously, then I have destroyed or donated the paper copies. Since now I only have the digital copies, which are much more prone to irremediable loss than the paper books, I take serious precautions to avoid any such loss, e.g. for each file I store copies on 3 tapes, which I keep in different locations. No, actually 2-dimensional vectors and 2-dimensional complex numbers are completely distinct entities. The same is true about 3-dimensional vectors and quaternions and the same is true in higher dimensions. The short explanation is that vectors describe additions (i.e. translations), while complex numbers (and their higher dimensional analogs) describe multiplications (i.e. scaling and rotations). The nature of vectors, pseudovectors, complex numbers, quaternions etc. can be understood only in the context of the theory of geometric algebras. For example, an element of a 2-dimensional geometric algebra has 4 components (2^2). 2 components form a vector and the other 2 form a complex number. Similarly, the 8 components of an element of a 3-dimensional geometric algebra are partitioned into a quaternion, a 3-dimensional vector and the last element, which is a pseudoscalar. The confusion is increased by the fact that the word "vector" is used with 2 different meanings. The original, physical and etymological, meaning is that a vector is a translation of an affine space. This is almost always the meaning of "vector" in physics. Many mathematicians also use the word "vector" for the elements of linear spaces a.k.a. vector spaces. The "vectors" of the second meaning have only a subset of the properties of the "vectors" of the first meaning, i.e. only the properties that can be derived from the axioms of a vector space. The complex numbers and the quaternions, octonions etc. are "vectors" in the second meaning, but they are not "vectors" in the first meaning, i.e. in the original physical meaning. It is true that there are optical discs that will survive for a long time, because the plastic coating of the metal has a low enough permeability to the oxygen from the air. The problem is that as an individual, it is impossible to guess whether the discs that you have bought are good and they will last 50 years or they are bad and they will last only 2 years. There have been many published cases when the lifetime claims made by manufacturers were proven to be false. The reason is that it is difficult to control the permeability of the coating during production. While many discs may be good enough, there are also many that will have a short lifetime. The risks of storing data on standard optical discs are too large to be acceptable. There were special archival-quality optical discs with gold reflective layers, e.g. made by Kodak. Those could really be guaranteed for 100 years or more, but they were too expensive, so they were discontinued. Thanks for another interesting reverse-engineering case. This made me remember the first project where I have worked after graduating. It was in a metalworking plant, at a huge rolling mill for aluminum sheet. The controller for that system could be implemented today in a small micro-controller unit or in an FPGA, but in that old installation the controller occupied 3 cabinets. Two cabinets contained an analog computer made with operational amplifiers, which controlled the speed and torque of all the very large DC motors used in the rolling mills. The third cabinet contained a one-bit programmable logic controller (PLC), which was very similar to Motorola 14500B. It was even older, so it was made with TTL gates. However, in the next generation of that PLC, the large PCB with many TTL integrated circuits that implemented it was replaced by a simpler board with 14500B and other CMOS ICs. So I had to write a program for that 14500B-like programmable logic controller. It read data from a large number of sensors and then switched on or off almost a hundred of hydraulic valves that caused the movements of various things and also the electrical power supplies for various devices, e.g. pumps or fans. Writing programs for it was far less convenient than it would be to do the same thing today with an ARM MCU, but nonetheless it did the required job without problems. See my post from above. In industrial control there are a lot of processes with a large number of on/off sensors and actuators. One-bit programmable controllers like 14500B were good enough to handle those. In such old installations, the sensors and actuators that could not be handled by one-bit controllers were handled by analog controllers, unlike in modern installations, where a MCU handles digitally not only the Boolean variables but also the analog values through ADCs and DACs, so arithmetic computations are also required, besides the logic operations that could already be performed by something like 14500B. Yes, the material described there is not wood but an epoxy-based composite reinforced with wood fibers instead of glass fibers, like in PCBs, or carbon fibers, like in high-strength composites. The only remarkable thing is that they have succeeded to match so well the refractive index of the epoxy resin to that of cellulose and bleached lignin, so that the composite is a clear transparent material instead of being just diffuse translucent, like most composites. This might make this composite a better choice than polycarbonate or acrylic glass in many applications. They should have given a comparison between the properties of the new transparent material and those of polycarbonate, because that is their main target market, not glass. Anorganic glass cannot be replaced by polymers in many applications, due to requirements for chemical resistance or high temperature resistance. I agree. Already for many years I work almost only on external (bootable) SSD's, for exactly the same reasons. It would be annoying, so you should better avoid that. Currently this is the weak point of using external bootable SSD's. Because of that, I prefer the SSD's where the Thunderbolt/USB cable is captive at the SSD end, as then there are less connections that can be unplugged accidentally. What I would like is to have in the laptop a CFexpress memory card slot. The CFexpress memory cards have a PCIe electrical interface, but they are mechanically identical with the older Sony XQD cards, i.e. they are solid, rugged, not flimsy like the SDXC memory cards, and they allow a very large number of insertion/extraction cycles. If the laptops would have such card slots and if SSD's would be available at a reasonable price in this format, then there would not remain any reason to use non-removable SSD's. The current CFexpress specification is based on PCIe 3.0, but future versions can be updated to PCIe 4.0, like the internal M.2 SSD slots of the latest laptops. I have been using for several years bootable Thunderbolt 3 SSD's (on Linux). As those are equivalent with 4 PCIe 3.0 lanes, exactly like the internal M.2 type M SSD slots, there is no performance difference. Only the latest laptops with Tiger Lake, and the laptops with Ryzen 5xxx to be introduced soon, have PCIe 4.0 M.2 slots, so they will be able to have faster internal SSD's. I expect that the interconnection standards for external devices will also continue to be improved, restoring parity with the internal devices. I have no idea. That is why I boot Linux from Thunderbolt or USB and for the few Windows programs that I need I use either Wine or a Windows VM. Any assembly language needs to distinguish between immediate values and addresses. So you need a prefix on one of them, unless you use different mnemonics for the same operation, depending on whether it uses an immediate value or a memory operand. Doubling the number of operation mnemonics is clearly worse than having a single prefix. The prefix should be required for the less frequent case, and that is normally the use of immediate values. The Intel syntax as seen in the Intel architecture manuals is somewhat simplified, because it does not contain symbols and expressions. The complete assembly language syntax, for example the one implemented by the Microsoft MASM, needs frequently to distinguish the immediate values. Because MASM followed the Intel manuals, it did not use a prefix on immediate values but instead it used ugly and verbose prefixes on the memory operands, e.g. "WORD PTR ". In order to avoid excessive verbosity, MASM omitted the memory operand prefix in many cases where immediate values could not be used, which is possible only because the Intel instruction set is much less orthogonal than almost any other instruction set. Always using a prefix to distinguish immediate values from addresses is preferable to the inconsistent MASM method, because it can be tricky to remember which instructions can or cannot have both immediate operands and memory operands, so that the prefix is mandatory. Moreover, later ISA extensions could also change the available addressing modes for an operation, possibly mandating the use of the prefix. In conclusion, the MASM way of distinguishing the immediate values, by using "WORD PTR ", "BYTE PTR " and other similar prefixes on many but not all of the memory operands is certainly worse than always using the prefix "$" on immediate values. There are 2 kinds of heritages from the ancient people from which one is supposed to descend. One is the genetic heritage, i.e. DNA. If you or your ancestors lived in some place, you may suppose that you might have inherited some of the genes of the ancient people who lived there one thousand years earlier or four thousand years earlier. It is true that most people who claim to be descendants of some ancient people believe that their relationship with the ancients is such a blood kinship. You are right that such a belief is mostly false, so many Greeks might share little genetic material with the Ancient Greeks and someone who considers himself/herself, e.g. Polish or Romanian, might happen to have more genetic heritage from some very different people, e.g. from Tatars or Germans. On the other hand, there is the cultural heritage, i.e. the maternal language and a myriad of customs transmitted from parents to children. If you consider yourself to belong to some nationality, you might not know that 10 generations earlier your ancestors were considered to belong to another nationality, possibly even to one that you now strongly dislike for some reason. Nevertheless, some of your ancestors have chosen at some point in time to be integrated into the nationality that you believe now as yours, for various reasons, e.g. marriage, immigration, being a prisoner of war and so on. From that point of time, all your ancestors transmitted to their descendants the language and customs of your current nationality, which is the result of their willing or unwilling choice. In my opinion it is correct to claim to be descendant of some people who lived thousands of years ago, when you speak a language derived from their language and you also practice various of their customs, even when (which is likely to be the most frequent case) you share little or no DNA with them. So it is right for the Modern Greeks to consider themselves descendants of the Ancient Greeks, or for the Romanians, who speak a language derived from Latin, and who, for example, have always cooked and eaten "placinta" with cheese made in the same way as the "placenta" described by Cato the Elder almost 2200 years ago, to consider themselves descendants of the Ancient Romans. Of course, any such shared cultural heritage with some ancient people should not be used as a basis for claims on a supposed material heritage, like in the case of Israel and other countries where there are territorial claims based on land ownership of supposed relatives from, e.g., 3000 years ago. Exactly the same applies to me. Both my own laptop and the laptop from my employer (a large company) are used almost all the time on wired Ethernet, the main exception being during business trips. Whenever floating-point numbers converted to text are not intended to be used by a human, converting the numbers to decimal is a great mistake in my opinion. The floating-point numbers should be converted to text as hexadecimal, e.g., in C99 and later, using printf with the %a or %A conversion specifiers. Even when a human uses the textual floating-point numbers, if they are used only for making copies or comparisons, the hexadecimal numbers are more convenient and they are free of conversion errors. I agree with most of what you said, but about a Spectre attack having never been spotted in the wild, that seems to be no longer true. Just a few days ago there were some news about the discovery of the first real malware that had exploited a Spectre variant. Unfortunately I do not remember where I saw this, but it was said that the Spectre-based malware might have spread for a few months before being identified recently. I believe that this depends less on the country where you are working and more on the country of origin of your employer. During the years, I have worked for 3 German companies and none of them offered any stock options. On the other hand, while working for an Israeli company and for an US company, I have gained about the same amount from selling the vested stock options of those companies as from the salary, i.e., due to the stock options, the total compensation was eventually about double compared to the salary. While solving a system of linear equations and multiplying matrices are different problems they are related. The straightforward algorithms use N^3 operations for matrix multiplication and (1/3)*N^3 operations for solving dense systems of linear equations (1 operation being a multiply-add). For both problems, there are more complex algorithms that reduce the value of the exponent from 3 to some lower value, but above 2. Methods that can accelerate matrix multiplication can also accelerate the solution of dense systems of linear equations (because the reduction of terms in the matrix of the coefficients of the system of equations can be done using matrix multiplications, of some sub-blocks of the complete matrix). So the paper demonstrates, as another poster already said, that if the system of equations is sparse, then solving it can always be done faster than if it were dense. In practice this was already usually true, so sparse systems are typically solved using a number of operations proportional with N^2, but there were cases when previous methods could fail. I assume that their contribution is to show a foolproof method, which is guaranteed to be better. I also completely agree with throwaway53086 & with aviraldg about why the girls always perform better academically, especially in the primary school, because what they said matches perfectly my experience. I grew in Europe and, until I was about 10 years old, I firmly believed that the girls must be much smarter than the boys, precisely because they always received much better grades at school. Alas, eventually I was disappointed and I lost this belief, when I understood that the good grades received by the girls were determined only partially by their knowledge of the subjects on which they were graded and that a large part of the grades was caused exactly as throwaway53086 said, because the girls were "much more likely to obey rules and instructions". Looking back to the previous years, it became obvious for me that every time when a girl and a boy proved to have identical knowledge about mathematics or biology or whatever else was tested, the disciplined girl received a high grade, while the naughty boy received a low grade. The girls always did whatever the teacher asked, while the boys failed to do homework, did not pay attention to what the teacher taught and so on. At that time I was reading a huge amount of books, so even when I was nine-year old there were some fields, e.g. biology, about which I knew far more than my teacher. Obviously, pointing to errors in what the teacher taught was also a recipe for low grades, in comparison to those who did not question her wisdom. In primary school, everybody that I knew had the same experience, with the grades that were influenced by the discipline and obedience demonstrated, which favored a lot the girls. In high school and university, I have no longer seen such cases, the grades received by everybody were mostly correct, but the girls continued to be on average much more disciplined and obedient, which resulted in good grades across the curriculum. On the other hand, many boys liked only some subjects at which they obtained good grades, while neglecting the others, at which they obtained low grades, resulting in a low average. In high school and university there was also the same problem that I had first encountered in the primary school, that with the exception of the best teachers, the teachers who were not so good themselves gave good grades only to the mediocre students, while both the bad students and the very good students (who knew more than the teacher about what was taught) received low grades. The girls were usually not affected by this, because even when they knew that the teacher was wrong, they would not confront him or her about the errors. Because of this problem, good terminals require confirmation before pasting any strings that contain suspicious characters, e.g. carriage returns. The problem is that pedophilia has a much wider meaning in the USA that in many other parts of the world. I do not believe that any sane human being believes that pedophilia in the sense understood by himself/herself is OK in any circumstances. Nevertheless there are millions or billions of humans who do not consider as pedophilia some acts that are considered pedophilia in USA, therefore they consider that those acts are OK, because they are not pedophilia. For example, until recently few countries had such a high age of consent as USA. Where I was born and I have grown, the age of consent was 14. So any consensual activity with someone e.g. 17-year old was considered OK and not pedophilia. I have certainly never seen or heard any undesirable consequence of this lower age of consent, so I do not believe that there exists any proof that the belief of the US citizens, that consensual sexual relations with someone under the age of 18 are pedophilia, is right. As another example, until recently, the consensual relations between an adolescent boy (i.e. older than 14) and a mature woman, unlike the opposite sex case, were never considered as pedophilia in most of the world, unlike in USA were there were many highly-publicized convictions in such cases. I have still not seen any valid argument about why this American belief, that such relations must be considered pedophilia, is correct. Actually, according to the standard, you should get either +inf or an exception. Both behaviors are valid. Nevertheless, according to the standard, the user should be able to choose between getting +inf and getting an exception. If in Python there is no way to mask the divide by zero exception, then that is not standard-compliant. Bardeen and Brattain have discovered experimentally the point-contact transistor, without really understanding how it functions. Shockley has really invented the bipolar junction transistor and the junction field-effect transistor, which are far more important electronic devices and which are still used today, unlike the point-contact transistor. Shockley has published theories of how his transistors function, which enabled the design of such devices. No matter what defects had Shockley as a human being, his legacy is much more important than that of Bardeen and Brattain. Even the fact that he was an awful manager had very positive results for everybody else, because he initially gathered together the best of the best in his company, who, after fleeing from him, founded then the most important semiconductor manufacturing companies in SV. Also, the first inventor of transistors was Lilienfeld, who invented a kind of metal-semiconductor FET in 1925 and a kind of depletion-mode metal-insulator-semiconductor FET in 1928. The Lilienfeld patents had very little influence at that time because the technology to make such transistors did not exist yet, but nevertheless his patents were a source of inspiration for the Bell team, who actually attempted to make FET transistors similar to those proposed by Lilienfeld, when they discovered by accident the point-contact transistor. The point-contact transistor was not a really useful device, but its great historical importance is that it triggered a lot of research in semiconductor devices and that the efforts made by Shockley to understand how the point-transistor can function lead him to the invention of the BJT and then of the JFET. The initial theories of transistors published by Shockley were extremely approximate, but they were usable in practice and their study enabled the appearance of an entire generation of electronics engineers specialized in semiconductor devices. The contributions of Bardeen and Brattain are not negligible, but they remain quite small compared to the huge contribution of Shockley. Someone could be a mass murderer, but nonetheless he/she could also publish some theory worth of a Nobel prize. Such qualities are unrelated and any theory or discovery must be judged only on its own merits, not on whether the inventor is a nice human or not. I have never heard of any use for a titanium-gold alloy. On the other hand, titanium-palladium alloys are very useful because they have better corrosion resistance in various chemical media. Palladium can be found in the iron-nickel alloys from meteorites and asteroids in relatively large concentrations, together with the other platinum-group elements. According to that description, that titanium-gold mixture appears to be an inter-metallic compound, not an alloy. While the hardness and corrosion resistance should be excellent, as described there, inter-metallic compounds are brittle and it is unlikely that a Ti-Au compound will have better properties than usual and cheaper tough ceramics, like silicon nitride or zirconia. The most important advantage of metallic alloys over alternatives for structural applications is their much higher toughness, an inter-metallic Ti-Au compound does not have this advantage, so I doubt that it can find an application. That is the Turkish name of the medlar. This name is used in many Balkanic countries. Without the fission component they would be cleaner, but not clean. All the existing thermonuclear bombs use fusion reactions between various isotopes of hydrogen and lithium and all those reactions produce an intense flux of neutrons, which will generate large quantities of radioactive isotopes in the surrounding environment. The same problem of the neutrons exist with most projects of getting energy from fusion, which also produce radioactive waste, even if less than fission reactors. Believing that the communist countries were not religious countries is a common fallacy of the Westerners. In reality communism was a religion and more precisely a variant of the Christian religion, but this fact was disguised by changing the names of all things related to the Christian religion. Just a few of the correspondences between Christianity and Communism (shown as traditional word => communist word for the same concept): Christian => atheist Pagan => Christian Prophets => Marx, Engels & Lenin Holy Scriptures => the published works of Marx, Engels & Lenin Christian martyrs => communist illegalists Pope => general secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union Cardinals/patriarchs => general secretaries of communist parties Priests => members of the communist parties having functions in the party hierarchy Religious teaching in schools => Political teaching in schools Priest of a military unit => Political second-in-command of a military unit Heretics => oppositionists to the party leadership Happy life in the afterlife => happy life in the future truly communist society Holy Inquisition => Committee for State Security ... and so on. Writing a complete dictionary about all the words used by Christianity with their replacements in Communism would take a very long time. While the communist vocabulary looks very different, the meanings are exactly the same as in Christianity. All the communist countries were not countries free of religion, but on the contrary, they were countries were a monotheistic-like religion was intermingled with all the administrative & government institutions and where all the other religions were aggressively persecuted, including the true atheists or agnostics (i.e. not the communist atheists , which was the code name for the believers in the communist religion). The claim that the communist countries were not religious was just propaganda, they were countries where there was no separation between the religion and the state. Likewise false was the claim that the communist countries had a different economic system, in reality their economic system was an extreme form of capitalism, where everything was dominated by monopolies. Your counter-argument does not work. It actually provides one more similarity between Communism and the various variants of Christianity and it makes stronger my analogy. Yes the communists persecuted the other religions, inclusive by imprisoning and/or killing many Catholic priests and many Orthodox priests. However, this is exactly what was previously done by some kinds of Christians against other kinds of Christians, e.g. during the many conflicts between Protestants and Catholics and between Catholics and Orthodox Christians. Some people downvoted me, but this also just validates my affirmation that most Westerners are not aware of these facts and they do not understand Communism. I have grown in a country occupied by communists, so I know from direct experience how Communism works, not from the fantastic depictions typical for the Western movies or novels. When I was in school, there was nothing that I hated more than the mandatory classes of communist religion, the so-called Political teachings. Also, due to the stupidity of one of my colleagues, a teacher discovered that I had a Bible and, because of that, I was almost expelled from High School a short time before the final exam, but I was very lucky due to some special circumstances and I could avoid the expulsion. Many years later, after communism failed, I believed that the new generations of students will escape my fate and they will no longer waste time with the mandatory religion classes. Unfortunately, my hope was wrong, because the mandatory Political teachings classes were not deleted from the curriculum, but they were replaced by mandatory Christian religion classes. So nothing has changed, when the Communist religion was mandatory, I had almost lost my career because it was supposed that I might be Christian, but if I were a student today, I would have similar problems if I would attempt to criticize in school the Christian religion, for exactly the same reasons that were applicable to Communism. No, there are tremendous differences between secularism and Christianity, while Christianity and Communism have identical consequences for the life of a typical citizen. Communism, Christianity, and also the other monotheist religions, are extremely intolerant against the believers of any other religion. Secularism is the opposite, at most you could say that secularism is like many polytheistic religions, where it was considered normal that everyone believes in their own gods and for the other people it does not matter which are those gods. The life of a normal citizen of a communist country was very similar, for example, to the life in Italy or Spain 600 years ago, when the Church was more powerful. It might have actually been worse, because the Communist Party might have been more powerful than the Catholic Church ever was. Permanently you had to be very careful with everything you said, because if you ever contradicted some dogma written in the Holy Communist Scriptures or some interpretation given by a High Communist Priest, you could be singled out as an heretic and be excommunicated, with very bad consequences. Regarding the Communist dogmas, everything was based on "have faith and do not doubt". It was absolutely impossible to have any discussion about communism based on rational arguments or on experiment results. Like Christianity, Communism blocked any kind of scientific research that could contradict in any way its Holy Scriptures. To make progress in any career, you had to either be or simulate that you are a true believer and you had to display frequently your faith in the Communist religion. It does not matter what words are used by Christianity or Communism, wherever any of them succeeded to control the state institutions, the consequences were the same for the citizens, no freedom of speech and severe discrimination between believers and non-believers. Secularism was precisely the reaction against this, having the purpose of allowing the freedom of speech and religion. The protostomes are a monophyletic group, i.e. they include all the descendants of some animal that lived a short time before the beginning of Cambrian, probably around 550 million years ago. On the other hand the deuterostomes might be or might not be a monophyletic group, it is not known yet with certainty, so it is still possible that the word "deuterostomes" might be invalid, if there exists no such group. The name "deuterostomes" is used for the ensemble of 2 groups, the chordates (including us) and a group composed of echinoderms and hemichordates (Ambulacralia). These 2 groups share one character present in their ancestors, the existence of some openings that connect the pharynx with the exterior (e.g. the ears in humans or the gills in fish). However, there is a chance that this character also existed in the ancestor of the protostomes, but it was then lost, in which case it would not be a proof of a closer relation between chordates and echinoderms+hemichordates. The ancestor of the protostomes and the ancestor of the chordates both had a rather complex nervous system, while the ancestor of the echinoderms+hemichordates had a much simpler nervous system, similar to that of many of the cnidarians (but even some jellyfish have a more complex nervous system than that). If it will be proven in the future that in fact the protostomes are more closely related to the chordates than the echinoderms(+hemichordates), then their common ancestor would already have had a complex nervous system. In this case, the similarities between octopuses and mammals, while still greatly increased by convergent evolution, would be far less surprising, because there would be much more features of the nervous system that would be inherited from the common ancestor. While there are many genetic similarities between echinoderms+hemichordates and chordates (i.e. us), most of those are also present in cnidarians, so they must be older than the separation between chordates and protostomes. The chordates retained them but the protostomes lost those features, so they are not a definitive proof of relationship. Which is the closest relative of the chordates is one of the most important questions of the animal phylogeny and there are chances that the answer that was believed true for more than a century is in fact wrong. The correct answer to that question has consequences mainly for understanding the evolution of the nervous system and for the applicability of some things that we can learn about the brains of protostomes (like the octopuses) to our own brain. In the original there were frequent occurrences of the names of various anatomical parts or of various acts that are considered taboo now. Also there were many explicit descriptions of love scenes, even if a poetic language was used for them. Of the old translations, only the French translation of Mardrus and the uncensored variant of Burton were somewhat close to the original text. Even the "uncensored" variant of Burton was more distant from the original text than the Mardrus translation. There exists a much more recent French translation which is said to be more faithful to the original text than any of the previous translations (while the Mardrus translation was not censored, there were many places where it was not a word-by-word translation). I do not remember precisely, because I have read it a long time ago, but I believe that the new good French translation is that by André Miquel et al.; various editions of that may be found at Amazon. I am not aware of any decent English translation. When I was very young, I have read a translation into my language of the French translation of Mardrus. The first few volumes matched the French text, so they were quite explicit. Then it seems that someone noticed that and ordered the translators to remove any explicit parts, so the following volumes were obviously censored, lacking many words or entire scenes from the French Mardrus text. While I also like to use unsigned numbers when that is the correct type of a variable, the C language does not really have support for unsigned integers. As someone else already said, the so called "unsigned" integers in C are in fact remainders modulo 2^N, not unsigned integers. While the sum and the product of 2 unsigned integers is also an unsigned integer, the difference of 2 unsigned integers is a signed integer. The best behavior for a programming language would be to define correctly the type of the difference of 2 unsigned integers and the second best behavior would be to specify that the type of the result is unsigned, but to insert automatically checks for out-of-domain results, to detect the negative results. As C does not implement any of these behaviors, whenever using unsigned integers you must either not use subtraction or always check for negative results, unless it is possible to always guarantee that negative results cannot happen. This is a source of frequent errors in C when unsigned integers are used. The remainders modulo 2^N can be very useful, so an ideal programming language would support signed integers, unsigned integers and modular numbers. While the raw materials needed for silicon and silicon carbide are extremely abundant, the semiconductor industry needs many other elements that are much less abundant, e.g. gallium, germanium, arsenic, antimony or hafnium and also some that are extremely rare on Earth, e.g. indium, tellurium or gold. The rare elements may be needed as dopants, when they are needed in very small quantities for each device, but those quantities add to non-negligible values for the entire huge production of semiconductor devices. However, the rare elements can also be the main constituents for the so-called III-V and II-VI semiconductors. The fact that the other better semiconductors require large quantities of rare elements has been a very important reason that has prevented the replacement of silicon in a large number of applications where it is an inferior solution. For example, the GaN transistors and the white LEDs need not only gallium but also relatively large quantities of the much less abundant indium, which might limit some time in the future the expansion of their applications. You are right that silicon has many other advantages besides being abundant. Also correct is that the price of a semiconductor material in the form as it enters a semiconductor plant depends not only on the abundance of the raw material but also on how easy it can be purified and grown into crystals with very few defects. The latter 2 operations are indeed much easier for silicon than for compound semiconductors. Nevertheless, the choice of materials for any semiconductor device results from compromises between a very large number of properties and while silicon is good at some, it is worse at other properties, e.g. energy bandgap, breakdown electric field, velocity limits of charge carriers, electron mobility, leakage currents and others. So there are applications for which silicon may be the best choice, even if the cost of the materials is ignored. However, in more and more applications silicon continues to be used only because of its lower cost. It is likely that the use of silicon for the active part of the semiconductor devices will continue to decrease and this trend will accelerate. For example, to make faster CPUs, there are not a lot of remaining possible improvements. Three-dimensional silicon devices are a possibility for increasing the multi-thread performance, but only if it would become possible to circulate some liquid coolant through channels in the device, to eliminate the heat. Otherwise, the only chance is to use some other material than silicon for the active regions of the device. Even if the active semiconductor devices would be made from other materials, it is likely that silicon crystals will continue to be used as substrates long after that, due to the 2 advantages that you have mentioned, i.e. very few crystal defects and high thermal conductivity. For the record, I have worked for many years in a plant where silicon devices were made and I have handled thousands of silicon wafers, breaking just a few ;-( . Therefore, I actually have a lot of respect for your boy Si ! I agree that his original contributions might not be so important as believed by those who actually do not know them in detail. On the other hand, as a child I have enjoyed very much the Feynman Lectures on Physics, much more than most other similar books. I am certainly very grateful to him, because his work had a very positive influence on me, when I was young. It is very difficult for us to imagine which would be the abilities of a "more intelligent" alien species. On the other hand, it is very easy to imagine an alien species that would have the same intelligence as humans, except that its thinking speed would be several orders of magnitude higher, because it would not be limited by the slow velocities of ions in liquids, like in the animal nervous systems. The interactions between us and such aliens could be like the interactions between a sea star and us, even if they would not have a higher IQ. Tape is slow only when you need frequently to read some random part of it, because you might need a couple of minutes to go till the other end of the tape. The reading/writing speed of tapes is excellent, better than that of hard drives, so writing a backup takes less time. For archives that are accessed only infrequently, tape is more reliable and also faster. If you want to have access in less than a minute to any part of your backups, then yes, tape is inappropriate and you must use HDDs. Maybe the density is the same, but the 10-nm process variant that Intel is forced to use for Ice Lake Server is much worse than the 7-nm TSMC process. It is worse in the sense that at the same number of active cores and the same power consumption, the 10-nm Ice Lake Server can reach only a much lower clock frequency than the 7-nm Epyc, which results in a much lower performance for anything that does not use AVX-512. It is also worse in the sense that the maximum clock frequency when the power limits are not reached is also much worse for the 10-nm process used for Ice Lake Server. Ice Lake Server does not use the improved 10-nm process (SuperFin) that is used for Tiger Lake and it is strongly handicapped because of that. That's true, but I would expect that most idle servers are turned off and they use Wake-on-LAN to become active when there is work to do. Just a few servers could be kept idle, not off, to enable a sub-second start-up time for some new work. For the user it does not matter how many cores are on a die. For the user it matters what is included in a package. The new Ice Lake Server package (77.5 mm x 56.5 mm) has finally reached about the same size as the Epyc package (75.4 mm x 58.5 mm), because now Intel offers for the first time 8 memory channels, like its competitors have offered for many years. So in packages of the same size, Intel has 40 cores, while AMD offers 64 cores. Moreover Intel requires an extra package for the I/O controller, while AMD includes it in the CPU package. So for general-purpose users, AMD offers much more in the same space. On the other hand, Ice Lake Server has twice the number of FMA units, so it has as many floating-point multipliers as 80 AMD cores. This advantage is diminished by the fact that the clock frequency for heavy AVX-512 instructions is only 80% of the nominal frequency, but it can still give an advantage to Ice Lake Server for the programs that can use AVX-512. For the humanity, the publication of the von Neumann report was certainly a very positive thing because it launched a large number of research projects with the purpose of building electronic computers, both in USA and in many other countries. There is absolutely no doubt that without this publication and with a patent claiming the design of a computer with stored program, the evolution of the computers would have been much slower. Whoever pushed the report to be published did a huge service to everybody else but Eckert and Mauchly. Also, Eckert and his coworkers were deluded if they thought they could have gained anything by having a patent on the stored-program computer. Nobody prevented them to build good computers even without a patent, but they did not have the intellectual and financial resources to do much until they were bought by Remington Rand, which lead to the introduction of UNIVAC in 1951. If they had a patent, the result would have been that Remington Rand would have had a monopoly on the computer market, with inferior products, and all the great advances in computers that have been done in other places, like NIST, MIT or IBM, would have happened only many years later. I have read both the von Neumann report, which is a model of clarity, and all the early documents that remain from Eckert, Mauchly et al. It is likely that they already had some ideas about stored-program computers, but there is no doubt that their ideas were very confused. Von Neumann distinguished what was right from what was wrong in their ideas, then clarified, organized and completed all those concepts and synthesized them in a coherent theory that could be easily understood and used by anyone else. The contribution of von Neumann is much more important than Eckert tries to imply. Moreover, while Eckert and al. were upset that their own contributions were not acknowledged as well as they should have been, they also failed to acknowledge the important ideas about electronic computers that they themselves have taken from Atanasoff, without ever mentioning him. Unlike Eckert and al., but like von Neumann, Atanasoff was also someone able to express very clearly his concepts, so you could easily learn from him. For example a report about the classification of computer memories, written by Atanasoff at the beginning of WWII, was extremely advanced for those days (Atanasoff invented what is now called DRAM). The name "von Neumann" is rightly applied to this, because von Neumann was the first who has written a complete and consistent description of this architecture, so that anybody could understand it and build computers based on this architecture. The Eckert group had some rather vague ideas about the architecture of their future computer, the successor of ENIAC, and those ideas certainly included some kind of stored program (not necessarily stored in the same memory as the data; stored programs were not new, as they were common in mechanical or electromechanical computers). However the Eckert group was secretive, because they hoped to start after the war their own company to make computers and become rich, so it is not known for sure how much von Neumann learned from them and how much of what von Neumann wrote were his own ideas. In any case, I am more grateful to von Neumann than to the Eckert group, because all the other more important computer projects have started from the von Neumann report, while the work of Eckert and al. had quite a little influence. The ENIAC computer was very important only as a demonstration that it is possible to make very fast electronic computers, otherwise it had much less influence on the structure of computers than the many other slower computers made around that time. IBM was not yet interested in electronic computers. IBM was developing electromechanical computers and for a few years the electromechanical IBM SSEC (operating since January 1948) was the fastest computer with stored program, solving many important problems for the US government and for various companies. After their competitor Remington Rand introduced the first commercial electronic computers (UNIVAC), IBM also entered this market very quickly with a few commercial models (IBM 701 & IBM 702), then also with the faster electronic computers made for the US military, in the NORC and SAGE projects. I want to add that the fast evolution of computers caused by the publication of the von Neumann report and the lack of "IP protection" is paralleled by the fast evolution of semiconductor devices after the discovery of the transistor, which was also caused by the lack of "IP protection" in the modern sense. Even if the transistors have been patented, the patents have been licensed to anyone for negligible fees or even for free (e.g. for hearing aids). If the essential transistor patents had been used like worthless patents are used today in preventing competition, the history of the computer and electronics industries would have been very different, with progress delayed by decades. So both the publication of the von Neumann report and the generous handling of the transistor patents have been very influential in shaping the word of today, while many inventions where the inventors clinged to the patents have been either doomed or they began to be used only after the patents have expired, more than 20 years later. You are right, but even after they were no longer bound by secrecy they never published anything important, which would help advance the computer technology as much as the publications of other computer projects, e.g. from Cambridge, IAS, NIST, MIT or even IBM. I have not seen any document from them that could establish credibly how much von Neumann learned from them and how much they have learned from von Neumann. At least in other cases where some people had secret knowledge that became public only much later, e.g. in the case of the public-key cryptography discovered by the British before Diffie-Hellman-Merkle, they could show some classified reports containing the secret knowledge. The Eckert group has not shown any previous documents containing the ideas from the von Neumann report, but they just claimed that most ideas have already been communicated during the previous discussions of the group. That might be true, or not, but it does not matter much. Only the publication of the von Neumann report was really important, regardless who was the source for the ideas contained in it. You are right in general, but the case of climate science is special, because in many places of the world you do not need to be a climate scientist, but it is enough to be old and have a good memory. Where I live, in Europe, there is a huge difference between the climate from 50 years ago and the climate now. During these 50 years, there has been a gradual transition from winters when there were 3 or 4 months of continuous snow coverage, like they have been during at least the preceding several hundreds of years, to winters when it might not snow even once, much less cover the ground. So the problem with the belief in climate science probably affects only the people who live in places where the climate change is not obvious yet. I do not doubt that you had those problems with XFS, but I believe that they must have required certain specific conditions to manifest themselves. I have been using XFS intensively for almost 20 years and I have never encountered any similar problems, so there must have been some differences in my setup, so that this behavior was not triggered. While I do not know what was different in my case, possible differences might have been caused by the fact that I have always used generous quantities of DRAM in all my computers and I have never used swap in any of them. Charles Lutwidge Dodgson a.k.a. Lewis Carrol was a mathematician and he published enough original mathematical research. Of course, he is much more famous as a fiction writer than as a mathematician and it can be easily argued that much more important mathematicians (e.g. Grassmann & Clifford and many others) are missing from that timeline, but he certainly cannot be considered as a non-mathematician. They have said clearly that the core is licensed from ARM and one of the Neoverse future models. There was no information whether it will have any good SVE2 implementation. On the contrary they insisted only on the integer performance and on the high-speed memory interface. I do not believe that referring to women using the first names is somewhat infantilizing and demeaning. Unfortunately, at least in most Western societies, using the first names is the only way to refer unambiguously to women. According to the tradition, in most Western countries the women do not have their own family names, but use either the family name of their father until marriage, or the family name of their husband after that. So while Grace is the computer scientist, Hopper is her husband and Murray is her father. Using the name Grace makes clear who is honored. Nowadays, in many places there are laws that allow women to choose their family names or to combine the family names. Nevertheless, the old tradition is still entrenched, so searching for a certain woman, when the last information about her is many years old, can be difficult due to unpredictable family name changes. Ideally, a human should keep forever the family name used at birth and the parents should choose one of their family names for the children. While Intel 10 nm SuperFin might be comparable in density with TSMC 7 nm, it definitely is much worse for the yields of chips with large area. Six years ago, in 2015, Intel had no problems to introduce the smaller Skylake U and the larger Skylake H at the same time. Now, Intel needs more than half of year to increase the yields of 10 nm SuperFin enough to be able to introduce the larger Tiger Lake H after the smaller Tiger Lake U introduced last year. This happens even if now the area difference between Tiger Lake H and Tiger Lake U is not so great as in the previous generations, because a good part of the twice larger CPU is compensated by the 3 times smaller GPU. On the other hand, the previous variant of the Intel 10 nm process (non-SuperFin), which is still used for Ice Lake Server, has much worse electrical properties than the TSMC 7 nm, because at the same number of active cores and the same power consumption AMD Epyc 7xx3 can have a clock frequency up to 50% higher. Moreover, the similar density of the Intel process means absolutely nothing when the competition using the TSMC process can deliver a more than 3 times greater L3 cache memory at the same price and in the same package size. The density does not have any importance if you cannot deliver more transistors in a given package, because you cannot manufacture large enough chips and because you have been unable to predict that you will never be able to manufacture large enough chips, so that you should have designed from the beginning your product as multi-chip. They said that they have used an acrylic binder, so this white paint should behave like any other acrylic paint, so it should need periodic cleaning. What is novel is that they have discovered some new method for preparing the barium sulfate pigment and mixing it with the binder, which allows very small pigment particles, possibly having a certain form, and also a very large ratio between the quantities of pigment and binder in the paint. Now I have read an earlier version of this paper, which is freely available: https://arxiv.org/abs/2011.01161 The main points are: 1. The more common white pigment titanium white is not good for cooling something exposed to sun, because it strongly absorbs ultraviolet light. (Besides generating heat, this ultraviolet absorption also causes photo-chemical reactions that degrade in time the organic paint binders.) 2. So they have chosen barium sulfate, which reflects not only visible light, but also ultraviolet and near infrared. 3. Barium sulfate not only reflects solar light, but it also emits efficiently in the far infrared, which cools the painted surface. 4. Barium sulfate was traditionally considered a worse white pigment, because it has a lower refractive index than other pigments, like titanium white. 5. The Purdue University team has overcome this disadvantage of barium sulfate by designing a manufacturing process for the pigment that not only ensures a very small average pigment particle size but also a broad distribution of the particle sizes, which results in good reflection properties over the entire solar spectrum. You raise some valid concerns, but this cooling paint has far more chances of being applied in reality than any of the "breakthroughs" you are alluding to. There are really no disadvantages of using this as a white paint. Barium sulfate is abundant and the cost of a paint based on this pigment should be very similar to the cost of the current titanium white based paints, once the pigment is produced at industrial scale using the process developed by this team. There are no environmental concerns, because barium sulfate is as inert as titanium dioxide. Actually there are various living beings which use barium sulfate as a bio-mineral, instead of the more frequently used calcium salts, like in our bones. So both in cost and environmental properties and also in maintenance properties the proposed white paint should match the currently used titanium white paints, with the difference that it can ensure that any painted surface exposed to solar light is cooled instead of being heated. Only this will certainly not be enough to save the world, but it will certainly be a useful product. The whole point of the discussed paper and of their patent applications is that normal white paint is not good enough to cool something exposed to solar light. The white-painted object will heat less than when painted in another color, but it will heat anyway. The white paints described in the paper and in the patent applications, which use either barium sulfate or calcium carbonate instead of the normal titanium white pigment, actually cool the painted object, even in strong solar light. Qualcomm is a direct competitor of NVIDIA (e.g. for automotive and robotics) and an important ARM customer. Until now the competing products of NVIDIA and Qualcomm differed in NVIDIA having worse CPUs and better GPUs and Qualcomm having better (ARM-designed) CPUs and worse GPUs. I do not find it believable that in the future NVIDIA would ever provide Qualcomm with better CPUs than those of NVIDIA products. Given NVIDIA's desire of dominating the datacenters, it is also hard to believe that they will give to all other companies who will attempt to design server CPUs new ARM cores at the same time when they will be available for the internal NVIDIA design teams. I do not know what the other poster had in mind. While fusion does not end at iron 56 (whose nucleus has the lowest mass per nucleon), the quantities of heavier nuclei produced by fusion decrease very steeply with increasing atomic mass, becoming low beyond the isotopes of nickel, very low beyond the isotopes of zinc and negligible beyond the isotopes of germanium. The elements heavier than zinc are produced mostly or completely by other kinds of reactions, e.g. neutron capture. For fusion to be possible the reaction must be exothermic, which means that the average mass per nucleon in the resulting nucleus must be smaller than the average mass per nucleon in the reactants. Until the iron 56 isotope, the average mass per nucleon decreases quickly, then it increases slowly with increasing atomic mass. For reactants heavier than iron 56, fusion is not possible, but for some reactants lighter than iron 56 it is possible to fuse into nuclei a little heavier than iron 56, belonging to the few elements placed immediately after iron, where the average mass per nucleon has not increased much yet, so it is still lower than that of many of the lighter elements. I suspect that the very high percentage from Romania has much less to do with Vlad the Impaler than with the fact that there are still a large number of people alive who remember the unusual circumstances in which the death penalty was abolished in Romania. In Romania, the death penalty was not abolished by any democratic institution and that action was not preceded by any public debate. The gang who seized power in 1989 in Romania abolished the death penalty immediately after killing the dictator Ceausescu to remove the competition, because absolutely everybody expected that many other people who had important positions in the Communist must be also executed immediately, because only that would have been consistent with the messages spread by the new power in the previous days. However, the people who had seized the power could not kill any other from the Communist leadership, because those were their friends, family or accomplices, so they used the surprise trick of promptly abolishing the death penalty. This unexpected action was the moment when many people woke up from the euphoria after the supposed fall of the Communism and they began to suspect that the people composing the new power might not be who they claim to be, but it was already too late. The immediate abolition of the death penalty in Romania had its desired effect, of transforming the former powerful communists into rich capitalists owning what had previously been called "the wealth belonging to all the people", so it is still strongly resented by many who remember those events. So Romania is a very special case, which explains the unusually high percentage of support for the death penalty. Life as we know it cannot start without at least iron, cobalt and nickel, besides the 5 lighter elements H, C, N, O and S. Iron, cobalt and nickel are the minimum set of elements required as catalysts and, as far as we know at this time, life cannot appear without them. Actually life can appear using Fe, Co & Ni, when both dihydrogen and carbon monoxide are available in the environment. When only carbon dioxide is available instead of carbon monoxide, molybdenum or tungsten becomes also necessary. So at least the elements around the iron peak are needed, which are produced in supernovas. Realistically, for the evolution of more complex life forms, also a few of the heavier elements that are produced in intense neutron fluxes are also required. So no, according to current knowledge life was impossible 12 billion years ago and I cannot see any workaround, because the catalysts are at least as essential for life as the light elements that compose the bulk of the living matter. I have said "molybdenum or tungsten". Most living beings use molybdenum, but tungsten can replace molybdenum and it is used for this purpose by some living beings (mostly by Archaea). It is pretty certain that the common ancestor of all existing living beings already had molybdenum enzymes, while tungsten began to be used later, as an adaptation to higher temperatures. Nevertheless, there was a hypothesis that maybe before the oxygenation of the oceans tungsten was used in preference to molybdenum, because oxygenated molybdenum compounds are more soluble than oxygenated tungsten compounds while in reduced environments their solubility properties are reversed. However this hypothesis is most likely wrong, because it is contradicted by the distribution and phylogeny of the molybdenum enzymes and tungsten enzymes, which are consistent with the universal use of molybdenum already much earlier than the evolution of the ability for water photolysis and with the gain of the ability to use tungsten as an alternative only in certain archaea and bacteria. The earliest life forms were probably dependent on having ammonia and carbon monoxide in their environment, as sources of carbon and nitrogen, in which case molybdenum is not strictly needed. The use of molybdenum enzymes enabled the use of the more abundant carbon dioxide and dinitrogen as sources of carbon and nitrogen. This achievement must have happened some time before LUCA (last universal common ancestor), which already had these enzymes. There are 2 constraints for the set of chemical elements required for life, one is the ability to build very complex molecules from them and the other is the existence of some exothermic chemical reactions between the simple substances that are produced abiotically, i.e. the existence of some chemical reactions that can provide energy. It is quite likely that there could be some alien life forms that would use much more varied silicon compounds than those used on Earth, but it is quite unlikely that there are environmental circumstances where silicon could replace carbon as the main structural element. Silicon without carbon can provide only a much less variety of molecules and all the naturally occurring compounds are too stable, i.e. you cannot extract energy from them by rearranging the atoms, like you can in carbon compounds. The most important condition for the appearance of life is an energy source. There are various abiotic processes that produce dihydrogen, carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide, and these gases can enter exothermic chemical reactions (e.g. dihydrogen + carbon monoxide => acetic acid), which can sustain life. There are no such energy sources from silicon compounds. When oxygen is in excess, silicon forms silicates, otherwise it forms carbides and nitrides. All these are inert. The only environment where silicon could play a role in the appearance of life would be a place with a very large abundance of hydrogen, i.e. a large planet like Jupiter, where it might happen that all the elements are present as compounds of hydrogen, so the silicon would be present as silanes, and there are differences in stability between various silanes that might be exploitable as an energy source if there exists any abiotic process that generates less stable silanes instead of the more stable silanes. This possibility remains open just because I have not seen yet any model of such an environment to determine what compounds may appear and what chemical reactions are possible, so it cannot be completely excluded that silicon could play a role there, unlike on medium-size planets or smaller bodies, where the hydrogen is less abundant and silicon does not combine with it, but with the more electronegative elements. I am not aware of any attempt to analyze what chemical reactions are possible in an environment with too much hydrogen, but I suspect that both the too oxidized environments with too much oxygen and the too reduced environments with too much hydrogen make impossible the occurrence of chemical reactions that could be used as a source of energy for life forms, so I think that life on Jupiter-like planets is unlikely. You are right that self-reproducing automata can be designed and built using silicon and/or many other chemical elements besides those used in living beings. However we do not know any mechanism that would allow the spontaneous apparition of such living beings by natural processes, like those that exist for H, C, N, O and S as the main bioelements. After some life forms appear spontaneously using a set of chemical elements very similar to that used on Earth, it might be possible at some point to transition to the use of other chemical elements, because the original constraints to start from substances that can be generated in abiotic conditions no longer apply. So I agree that silicon-based life can exist, but there is no known process that could make silicon-based life forms appear spontaneously from non-living matter, unlike the case for carbon-based life. Actually carbon-based life is a misnomer, because there are several other chemical elements that are strictly required for various reasons, so there is a minimum set of about 8 to 12 chemical elements that are needed for life, not only carbon. While H, C, N, O and S are needed to build the minimal set of organic molecules and several transition metals are needed as catalysts, there are also a few other irreplaceable elements, e.g. potassium is needed to neutralize the excess negative charge of the organic acids over the positive charge of ammonium derivatives. (Other elements cannot replace potassium because they would form insoluble compounds). The Soviet denial of science actually went much more beyond relatively minor details like the prosecution of Vavilov. I have read a large number of school manuals from the sixties, both from the Soviet Union and from a few of the East European countries dominated by the Soviet Union. All these school manuals were extremely ridiculous, because they always included some pseudo-historical sections where for every useful scientific or technical discovery or invention, or even for every innovation in sports, it was claimed that there was some unknown Russian scientist, worker or even peasant, who had discovered or invented that, much earlier than their well-known discoverers or inventors from West-European countries. Additionally, all the biology manuals included a pseudo-historical section containing criticism against the "Mendelo-Morganism", where Gregor Mendel, Thomas Morgan and the other people with well-known contributions to modern biology and genetics were presented as a gang of crooks who belonged somehow to some kind of international conspiracy that promoted some kind of pseudo-science for some unspecified but certainly evil purposes. On the contrary, Lysenko and a few other Russian geneticists were presented as some luminaries who are the only source of truth about biology. Reading any of those Russian school manuals, which tried to poison the minds of many generations of students in Russia and in the countries controlled by them, is enough to make you understand the relationship between the Soviet Union (and communists in general) and the true sciences. Actually, using the passive voice should have been more clear, because in most sentences encountered in scientific papers the patient is the topic of the sentence, not the agent. Unfortunately, in English, if you want to make the patient the topic of the sentence you are forced to use the passive voice, because there is no marker for the direct object of a verb, and then the sentence becomes less readable, because in English the passive voice is constructed with auxiliary verbs, so it is more complex than the active voice. These are defects of the English language, so the recommendation to avoid the passive voice is specific to English and also to a few other modern European languages, which have also lost the features that enable a free order of the words. In an ideal language, it should be possible to use a standard order of the words to express their syntactic roles without additional words, but there should also exist some optional prepositions or postpositions marking each possible syntactic role, to enable an arbitrary order of the words when desired. In such a language you could choose freely the topic of a sentence without being constrained because some choices are awkward, like when using the English passive voice. Unfortunately, I do not remember right now some good titles, but there are various books about comparative linguistics, which analyze the similarities and differences between languages and the various existing ways of expressing the same content. Most ancient languages, including most ancient Indo-European languages, like Latin or Ancient Greek, allowed a free order of the words, because there were markers for each syntactic role, like agent, patient, instrument, beneficiary and so on (i.e. the so-called cases). Nevertheless, at the stage where the old Indo-European languages became attested in writing, they had a very serious defect. Even if the so-called case terminations of the words were originally a small set of post-positions corresponding to the syntactic roles, due to various phonetic evolutions conditioned by the adjacent sounds present in words, the original small set of markers had diverged into a very large set of word terminations with many distinct variants for each syntactic role, the so-called word declensions. Because remembering such a large set of word terminations became too difficult, most modern European languages have abandoned the old declensions. Some languages use enough prepositions, possibly together with some remnants of the old case terminations, to allow a free order of the words. English however, depends a lot on the standard order of the words to convey their syntactic roles and it has only limited means of expression for supporting a different word order. While in the Indo-European languages the too irregular word declensions could not persist, there are other language families with a much more regular structure for the syntactic role markers, while still having enough markers to allow a free word order. It is weird that the European linguists of the previous centuries considered the regular languages (the so-called agglutinative languages or isolant languages) as "primitive" while considering the "flexionar" classic Indo-European languages as "superior" and "advanced". In fact even if the flexionar classic Indo-European languages evolved from some older agglutinative language, their irregular declensions were a serious defect and not a sign of progress. Unfortunately, because the language changes have always been done mostly by the less educated people, without having any kind of grand plan of how to best improve the language, the necessary simplifications of the language have also been frequently accompanied by a loss of expressiveness, like in English. The Latin alphabet as used by the ancient Romans corresponds to the modern capital letters. More precisely, our capital letters corresponds to the alphabet used for inscriptions in stone or other hard materials. The capital letter V was used for both the vowel u and for the consonant u (usually written "w" in English). Many hundreds of years later when the alphabets that are the ancestors of the modern small Latin letters were developed for writing on parchment with a pen (i.e. goose feather), the small letter corresponding to the capital letter "V" was "u". So, for some time, Latin was written using the pair capital "V" and small "u" for both the vowel and consonant "u". However, in all Romance languages the consonant "u" (English "w") had changed its pronunciation to the fricative "v", so when writing modern languages there was a need to distinguish "u" and "v". That lead to the creation of the capital "U" and of the small "v", and "Vv" were assigned to the fricative, while "Uu" were assigned to the vowel. As another detail of the "U" writing history, the letter "F" was used in Greek to write the consonant "u" (English "w"). However the Latin language had the fricative "f", which did not exist in Greek, and there was a need to have a letter for it. The Romans chose "F" for the fricative "f", which forced them to reuse "V" (previously used only for vowel "u"), for both the vowel and consonant "u". So, the modern Latin alphabet has five letters that were originally used to write some variant of "u": F, U, V, W and Y. ("w" was introduced in English because they still had the consonant "u", unlike the Romance languages, where "v" was assigned to the fricative sound; "Y", a different graphic form of "V", was introduced by the Romans to write Greek words, because the Greeks no longer pronounced the vowel "u" like the Romans, but they pronounced it like the German "u" Umlaut or the French "u"). The Dell Precision mobile workstations have a good price when compared with other mobile workstations. All mobile workstations, regardless of vendor, are overpriced in comparison with gaming laptops, because those who buy mobile workstations are forced to buy them for a few features that are missing in gaming laptops. As another poster has already written, a common strategy when buying a Dell Precision mobile workstation is to buy them with the minimum RAM of 4 GB and with the minimum SSD of 128 GB, with the intention to dump the original RAM and SSD and buy something like 64 GB of ECC RAM and a fast 2 TB SSD, at much lower prices than from Dell. The only reason for the 4 GB RAM configuration is because Dell will not sell a laptop without RAM or without a SSD or HDD. The economy from buying yourself the RAM can easily be up to one thousand USD or even more, even after paying for the mandatory 4 GB. Yes, indeed, this technique was frequently used in ancient programs. For example, many decades ago I have disassembled many Microsoft programs, like the MS-DOS Basic interpreter or Fortran compiler. In all those Microsoft programs, there were many loops where the jump at the end of the loop jumped in the middle of the initial instruction. Thus the first execution of the loop executed different instructions than the next executions, which was used, e.g., for the loop initialization. There were also many if-then-else structures where one of the branches ended with a jump towards the middle of some instruction, so that depending on which was the value of the condition different instructions were executed. The instructions whose middle position was the target of a jump were usually instructions with immediate operands, so that when executed from the beginning the immediate value was treated as data, while when reached through a jump in the middle of the instruction, the immediate data was treated as an instruction opcode. Actually plutonium belongs to the so-called primordial elements, which existed in the matter from which the Earth and the rest of the Solar System were made. Among the primordial element isotopes, a large number are radioactive, including e.g. certain isotopes of the potassium and calcium of our body. All the radioactive primordial element isotopes have partially decayed since the formation of the Earth, so they can be found now in smaller quantities than in the beginning. Among the isotopes that can still be found in large quantities, U235 has the smallest half-life and it has decreased about one hundred times. The next isotopes with the longest half-life, but lower than U235 are plutonium 244 and one isotope of samarium, which have half-time close to one hundred million years. So these 2 have decreased about 2^45 times. This is a lot so you would not be able to extract a visible quantity of plutonium from a terrestrial rock, but due to the huge number of atoms that existed in the entire Earth, there are still a few atoms of plutonium 244 that have survived from the formation of the Earth. A few years ago, it was announced that a team succeeded to detect some atoms of primordial plutonium 244 in some rocks, so the primordiality of plutonium can be considered as proven, even if that does not matter from a practical point of view, as there is too little primordial plutonium left, to be useful. On the other hand, during the formation of the planets, in the early Solar System, plutonium 244 and many other short-lived isotopes, with half-lives of a few million years, could have played a non-negligible role, because they were a significant source of internal heat. What is new is that it has a high efficiency similar to the permanent magnet motors, i.e. a higher efficiency than induction motors. The reason for the high efficiency is because the motor seems to be some kind of synchronous motor, where the rotor is not supplied by wearable brushes but by a contactless transformer and a rectifier. Besides the permanent-magnet motors and the induction motors, there are 2 other kinds of electrical motors without supply contacts on the rotor: variable-reluctance motors and hysteresis motors. However these other 2 share the disadvantage of the induction motors of having a lower efficiency. The highest efficiency with no contacts to the rotor can be reached with either permanent-magnet motors or with designs similar to this Mahle motor. Thanks for the link, it is interesting. However the conclusion about the low efficiency of the electronic converter for the rotary transformer is no longer valid. With modern switches of silicon carbide or gallium nitride and with resonant soft switching techniques, the converter should operate at much higher frequencies and at much lower losses. This is what has probably enabled today the manufacturing of a high-efficiency synchronous motor with a rotary transformer by Mahle. While in modern music I do not remember songs with impressive stereo effects, most of the albums that I was listening when I was young, both rock music albums and classical music albums, were severely degraded when listened in mono. Only the words, due to various past confusions, not the concepts. Actually it is possible to make gasoline with solar panels, water and carbon dioxide from the air. Making synthetic gasoline was already possible before WWII and that was used a lot by Germany. It is true that making hydrogen is easier, because making gasoline requires additional steps and equipment, but due to the large disadvantages of storing and handling hydrogen, making gasoline is nonetheless preferable and it does not require any infrastructure change. While hydrogen is preferred currently for room-temperature fuel cells, for the moment that seems like a dead end, because the current catalysts are much too expensive. High-temperature fuel cells can use gasoline, so hydrogen no longer has advantages. Even if one would not choose gasoline, there are still other much better ways to chemically store solar energy than hydrogen, e.g. ammonia or methanol. For short-term storage a rechargeable battery is certainly preferable. For long-term storage, the battery auto-discharges, so the efficiency drops quickly with the storage time, until it becomes much less than for storing the energy by synthesizing some appropriate chemical compound. For storing solar energy, both short-term storage (e.g. for a day or a week), like rechargeable batteries, and long-term storage (e.g. for a year or more), like synthetic gasoline, are needed. "Plant fat sources" is too vague to be useful, because they are partitioned in several classes with very different fat composition: 1. A few "Plant fat sources" consist mostly of saturated fat, e.g. cocoa butter 2. Some "Plant fat sources" have a fatty acid content consisting mostly of oleic acid (mono-unsaturated), e.g. olive oil, cashew nuts, almonds, hazelnuts, pistachio 3. Some "Plant fat sources" have a fatty acid content consisting mostly of linoleic acid (poly-unsaturated), e.g. sunflower oil and most other cheap vegetable oils, many seeds 4. A few "Plant fat sources" have a fatty acid content consisting also mostly of poly-unsaturated fatty acids, but with a large proportion of alpha-linolenic acid, e.g. walnuts, flaxseed and a few others. The rules for a healthy diet are simple: 1. Most of the fatty food eaten should belong to the second class from above, i.e. plant fat sources with mostly oleic acid The reason is that this corresponds to the normal composition of the human body fat, so it can be used with maximum efficiency as an energy source or for cellular membranes, without requiring expensive transformations in the liver. 2. Any fat sources from the other classes may be eaten, but in smaller quantities. 3. The vegetable fat sources must be supplemented every day with a small quantity of fat containing long-chain omega-3 fatty acids (DHA & EPA). The cheapest and most convenient way is to use cod liver oil or another kind of fish oil. Rich vegans can pay 7 or 8 times more for a similar oil extracted from certain algae (algae is the commercially used word; it is not the most appropriate but there exist no more appropriate non-scientific names for those uni-cellular organisms). 4. Heating fatty food should be avoided, because, unlike with proteins or carbohydrates, heating does not have any useful effect but it only degrades the fat, especially the non-saturated fats. Best would be to not add any kind of vegetable oil while cooking but to mix oil with the food only after cooking and cooling. Fat that is heated should be of the saturated kind, e.g. butter or lard. Sorry, RISC-V is not a bad ISA, but saying that it "is highly optimised for high performance" is extremely far from the truth. RISC-V has been optimized for a single-purpose, being as simple as possible to be easily taught to students and implemented by them in a limited time. It lacks many features required for high performance without hardware of excessive complexity, the most obvious being that RISC-V does not have decent addressing modes, so that the highest performance implementation reported until now (by Alibaba at the 2020 Hot Chips Conference) had to add a non-standard ISA extension to correct this. Nobody remotely competent chooses RISC-V for "high performance" in any definition of that term. RISC-V can be the right choice in many cases because: 1. No costs for using the RISC-V ISA 2. Easy customization with non-standard extensions 3. An already existing complete software development environment, with compilers, debuggers etc. 4. Acceptable performance at a given implementation cost There is no need to invent extra fictitious advantages, like "high performance". Precisely that. In the beginning, for every doubling of the transistor density, regardless how that was achieved, the marketing size number was divided by about sqrt(2). More recently the relationship between the density improvement ratio and the marketing size seems to be even less quantitative. So they might claim that their process is 4 times denser than in the recent IBM announcement or maybe that it is just twice denser, if they have divided 2 nm from IBM by 1.4 and they have rounded to 1 nm. Similarly, the IBM "2 nm" announcement was probably intended to claim that it is twice denser than the older announcement of the "3 nm" TSMC process. For now, the minimum sizes defined by lithography are in the 20 nm ... 50 nm range, so they correspond with 50 ... 100 lattice cells. Also, 0.5 nm for silicon is not the size of an atom, but the length of the edge of a cube with 8 atoms (4 internal atoms, 6x0.5 = 3 atoms on the faces and 8x0.125 = 1 atom in the cube corners). Nevertheless, there are some very thin layers with a thickness comparable to 1 nm, so corresponding to a small number of atomic layers. Obviously, it is very difficult to grow such thin layers without holes and without variations in thickness. Yes indeed, thanks for this link. Not only this other source is much more detailed, but it does not contain any word about a "1 nm" TSMC process, which seems to be a pure invention of whoever has written the news at TechPowerup. The discovery of an appropriate material (bismuth) for electrical contacts to MoS2, which is a semiconductor that can be made in monoatomic layers is indeed extremely newsworthy. There is no doubt that this discovery might enable much denser semiconductor devices in the future, but nobody could say today which would be the name of the TSMC manufacturing process when they would decide to switch from silicon to molybdenum disulfide and in which year would that happen. Certainly not in a year or two. Even a prediction of 5 years would be extremely optimistic for any mainstream components like processors. MoS2 might become usable earlier for some special devices, but there are a huge number of problems to solve before becoming usable for logic devices, e.g. the development of some logic gates appropriate for this material. Being able to make CMOS gates does not seem very likely, at least not any time soon. The abstract and figures of the published paper can be found by searching for: "Ultralow contact resistance between semimetal and monolayer semiconductors" Column-mode in editors comes from ancient history. The BRIEF editor for MS-DOS, intended to be a "Programmer's Editor", some time before 1990, already included column mode and many other features that few editors have today. Image processing is not magic. Obviously you can remove the satellite traces from the image, but each of them causes a degradation in quality, i.e. a reduction in the signal-to-noise ratio, because the light coming from the sky zones obscured by the satellites has not been captured by the sensors. Regardless how well you might process the sky images, the large increase in the number of satellites will reduce their quality. The comparison is really meaningless, because for looking towards the surrounding space there is no other way, while for Internet access there are many alternatives both cheaper and faster than a network of satellites. Many years ago I have worked as a designer of equipment for long-distance wireless communication links for Internet access. I have no doubt that it would be possible to cover all the remote areas of USA with a network of towers with directional antennas for the links between themselves at a lower cost and with better performance than SpaceX's constellation of satellites. The reason why this has not been done is not technical. The fact that the communication services offered by SpaceX are more advantageous than the alternatives available in USA is a historical accident, not something caused by objective reality. The difference between the solution implemented by SpaceX and a ground-based solution is that to be able to provide their services SpaceX occupies resources that they do not own. The sky does not belong to SpaceX, I and billions of other humans who will never use the services of SpaceX have as much rights to the sky as the SpaceX customers, so SpaceX is stealing from us to serve their customers. This is the same like someone who chooses to smoke in a public place besides me. I do not care if he smokes at his home, that is his right, but if he smokes besides me and forces me to inhale his smoke, I consider that an aggression. In the same way, occupying the sky with satellites is a nuisance and an aggression towards all those who are not SpaceX customers and who have not agreed that SpaceX may use in this way something that belongs to all humans, not to an US company or to an US agency. There are chances that it is possible to have some slower form of life at much lower temperatures than on Earth, where the elements H, C, N, O and S still have the major contribution but instead of water some other solvent is used, e.g. hydrocarbons or ammonia. On the other hand, at very high temperatures, e.g. in the Sun, life is certainly impossible because you cannot have even molecules, much less more complex structures. Everything is a homogeneous mixture of atoms, ions and electrons and any kind of structure would be broken instantly by the agitation of the particles. If there is any metallic hydrogen on Jupiter, it can be found nowhere close to the atmosphere, but in the core of the planet, at extreme pressures. The lower temperature chemistries listed above may exist on planets far from the stars. However the high-temperature chemistries based on fluorine do not have any chances to be found in the nature. Fluorine is much less abundant than the major bioelements and it is extremely reactive, so whatever fluorine exists, especially at high temperatures, will be combined with the abundant electropositive metals, i.e. mainly with calcium, but also with sodium or aluminum, forming inert minerals, like apatite, criolite, micas etc., not organic molecules or fluoro-silicones. I am not sure what you mean by running in parallel. On x86, to be able to determine whether a given byte is the start of an instruction, the start of the part of an instruction following the variable-number of prefix bytes or another kind of byte, requires information from the decoding of the previous bytes. So you may have as many pre-decoders as the fetched bytes, all starting decoding in parallel, but they are not independent and the later pre-decoders need the propagation of signals from the first pre-decoders, so the delay required for determining the initial instruction bytes grows with the number of bytes fetched and examined simultaneously (16 bytes for most x86 CPUs, which on average may contain 4 or 5 instructions). We do not know for sure where the exact limitation is, but despite the vague and inconsistent information from the vendor documentation, which in a few cases seems to imply better capabilities, until now no Intel or AMD CPU has been shown to be able to decode more than 4 instructions simultaneously (the only exception is that some pairs of instruction are fused, e.g. some combinations of compare-and-branch, and those count as a single instruction for decoding, increasing the apparent number of simultaneously decoded instructions when those pairs occur in the program). I wonder if you also question the power of a government to forcibly take money from the people with no or few children and give the money to those with many children. This (allocation per child) is a policy very frequently encountered in a large number of countries. It is also frequent in those countries to raise the level of the allocation per child immediately before elections, which leads to quite an inflated level after many election cycles. Unlike with China's population control policy, I have not seen any questioning of these allocation per child policies from other countries, even if in that case the state also intrudes in the individual rights by extracting money from them. That policy also results in some kind of reverse eugenics, because the more responsible people delay having more children until having the financial means to raise them, but because they are forced to pay higher taxes they must delay even more, while some of the least responsible people choose to have as many children as possible, with the hope of sustaining the family only or mainly from the state aid. In my opinion all kinds of potential abuse from a government must be questioned, not only those for which there exists a tradition to be criticized. There are also sex differences in sodium handling ability. Older women who have taken blood pressure medication for many years, e.g. 10 to 20 years, have risks of losing the ability to control well the concentrations of sodium and potassium in the blood. If they follow a low-sodium diet, they have a high risk of hyponatremia (too little sodium in the body). Depending on the diet, hypokalemia (too little potassium in the body) is also possible. If these conditions are not diagnosed promptly, severe illness or even death are the consequence. Unfortunately, I was not aware of these risks. My mother belonged to this risk group, but nobody knew this and her periodic blood tests were perfect, because they included many other tests, except the sodium and potassium concentrations in blood, which are mandatory to detect this problem. My mother had very serious problems because hyponatremia was detected too late, so I believe that more people should become aware of this risk. There are a lot of old women taking medication for high blood pressure, so all should know that a periodic cheap test for sodium in blood can easily prevent reaching a stage when complete recovery becomes difficult or impossible. Also, any low-sodium diet should actually measure or compute how much salt you eat, because too low sodium is even more dangerous than too high sodium. Good server CPUs should survive 7 years of use without problems. Nevertheless, their expected lifetime is not much greater than that. I normally replace CPUs because they become obsolete much earlier than they should show age problems. Nevertheless, I had a pair of Opterons that were used continuously for about 10 years. At the end, they developed a very high leakage current, leading to an idle power consumption several times higher than in the beginning. Increased leakage current is one of the most frequent signs of aging in semiconductor integrated circuits. Temperature fluctuations damage the interfaces between the different materials inside an integrated circuit, so they will greatly lower the lifetime. Nonetheless, there is a continuous aging of the metal traces (electromigration) and especially of the insulating layers, e.g. the MOS transistor gates, due to the difusion of atoms. This continuous aging is accelerated by steady-state high temperatures and it eventually results in either open circuits or short circuits somewhere, destroying the device. Good MOS integrated circuits are designed for a lifetime at their maximum specified temperature of at least 10 years or even 20 years or more for the better of them. Nevertheless, this is puny in comparison with the lifetime of many semiconductor components produced 40-50 years ago, before the continuous shrinking of the active device sizes, which could have lifetimes of hundreds of years, when free from fabrication defects. They would normally use a key-generation mechanism, but knowing that is not helpful at all. A typical key-generation mechanism would be for each malware copy to have a serial number and the keys to be generated by encrypting the serial number, e.g. with AES, using another secret key. Even if you know precisely the serial number of a copy and how the per-copy keys are generated by the attacker, you do not know the attacker's secret key used for key generation, so this is a dead end. Graphene is not the storage medium. It protects the storage medium (iron-platinum alloy), which cannot be used without a protective layer, due to corrosion and scratching risk. For this kind of encryption, any operation between plaintext symbols and the random masking symbols that belongs to a commutative group can be used. Nevertheless, modular addition, including addition modulo 2, a.k.a. XOR, is almost always chosen, because any other kind of operations are slower in hardware without having any advantages over modular addition (when the masking symbols cannot be distinguished from a random sequence). For example, instead of using modular addition, you can use multiplication modulo 2^16+1 (a Fermat prime number), to encrypt each 16-bit plaintext symbol, but that is slower than modular addition without being better (unless your method of generating the pseudo-random mask is weak, which is easy to avoid). $5 per kg for the electricity expenses is far from magical, but it should be low enough to make the extraction profitable. I do not know the current price of lithium, because most previous information sources, like the metal exchanges, no longer make their data public. Nevertheless, a few years ago lithium was around $66 per kg. So $5 would be just about 7.5% of the price per kg, but there are a lot of other costs, like replacing from time to time the expensive LLTO ceramic membrane and the very expensive Pt-Ru coated cathode and also many other operational costs and the amortization of the investment. For reversible batteries, the conversion of lithium phosphate to another lithium salt might be enough, but for applications that need metallic lithium, like primary batteries or Li-Al alloys, the lithium phosphate must be converted into lithium chloride or other suitable salt and the metallic lithium must be extracted by electrolysis, with additional, higher, costs for electric energy. However, the method described is sound and there are also useful byproducts to ensure or increase the profit. The method is not new, but the major achievement is finding a suitable material for the selective membrane, which passes lithium but blocks the much more abundant sodium & potassium. Unlike many such announcements, this appears to have good chances to eventually be used for lithium extraction. There is a temperature-dependent probability for the magnetization of a magnetic domain to rotate spontaneously, causing one erroneous data bit. For materials with high coercitivity and at temperatures much lower than their Curie temperature, the probability is low but it is not null. A few years ago, I went back to archiving my data on magnetic tapes (LTO). However, before that and after optical discs became to small to be usable as an archival medium, I have used HDDs for backup and archival, for more than a decade. After returning to tapes, I have gradually transferred the old HDDs to tapes. I had a case with one HDD that would no longer spin after a few years of offline storage, but most functioned, at least enough to be able to transfer them on tapes. All the archival HDDs were duplicated, for redundance, and all the files were stored with checksums to detect data corruption. The checksums have been absolutely essential, because after several years of storage there were a lot of corrupted files, but for none of them the HDD reported any error. The HDDs were about half WD and half Seagate, all of them Raid Edition or equivalent. I had a HDD archive with about 200 TB of data, and on average, after 5 years of storage, there was a corrupted file about every couple of TB. However, because each HDD was duplicated and the errors did not affect the same file in both copies, I have recovered all files. All the corrupted files were almost certainly caused by spontaneous magnetization rotation affecting a few bits, so what the previous poster said is not only theoretically correct, but proved in practice by at least one example. Most people do not realize how frequent data corruption is on HDDs, because they do not use file checksums or extra file copies, to detect corrupted data. Bit errors are frequent on HDDs, but most are corrected by the HDD firmware. However, from time to time the correction capabilities of the codes used in HDDs are exceeded and silent data corruption happens. After a lot of experience, I never trust the firmware of any storage media, so I store checksums, in extended attributes, for all the files that I will keep for more than a day. Samarium cobalt are actually some of the best from this point of view, because they have a very high Curie temperature. Most magnets made from cheaper materials with lower Curie temperatures, e.g. Nd-Fe-B or ferrites, lose their magnetization at higher rates at room temperature. Losing a few percent of the magnetic strength for the whole magnet would be equivalent with massive data corruption on a HDD, because that is the percentage of magnetic domains whose magnetization has rotated, i.e. the percentage of corrupt bits. The magnetic materials used in HDDs have actually a much lower rate of spontaneous change of magnetization. Nevertheless, when a single HDD contains around 10^14 bits, even a 10^-14 per year probability of a bit flipping at ambient temperature may cause one corrupt file per year of storage per HDD, which is close to the typical rates of corruption actually seen in reality. Ideally, whenever a file is modified, the checksums should be recomputed when the file is closed, after having been opened as read-write. However, this behavior can obtained only by replacing the file system drivers with a custom version. That could be done on Linux but it cannot be done as a cross-platform solution. So for cross-platform, you need a pair of scripts, one for verifying the checksums, recursively for all the files in a directory, and another script for updating all the checksums for the files in some directory, which you need to either invoke manually after editing some files or downloading some new files, or you could set the script to run periodically, e.g. once per day, maybe prior to a backup script. Nowadays a bash script can run on any operating system, so it is cross-platform enough, but writing a new pair of scripts for each operating system for whatever tool is used there for scripting is not much work. The 2 scripts should consist each of a pair of scripts, a top level script that gets all the files from a directory (e.g. on UNIX using 'find "$1" -type f') and invokes the second script for updating or verifying the checksums for a single file. The scripts that do the work for one file just need to invoke some standard checksumming programs, e.g. sha256sum and so on, which are now available on any platform, if you take care to install them. For verifying, missing checksums or checksums that differ from a newly computed checksum give an error, for updating, the checksums are recomputed if they are missing or if their timestamp differs from the file modification timestamp. In the beginning, I was storing the checksums in one extra file per directory, but that had many disadvantages. Then I have switched to the use of extended attributes, which allow the storage of the checksums together with the file, transparently. Extended attributes are much more convenient, but their cross-platform use is more complex. For updating or verifying the extended attributes, you need 3 commands, list, read and write extended attributes. These not only are different on each operating system, but they are some times different on a single operating system for different file systems. So you either need to write different scripts for each platform, or you must detect the platform and choose the appropriate extended attribute commands. The work is about the same for both choices, so it might be simpler to just have different scripts for each platform. If you use per platform scripts, they can be small, less than a page each, so it is less likely to make mistakes in them. When you use extended attributes, you must take care that on open-source systems, like Linux or FreeBSD, not all file systems support extended attributes and those that support them might have been configured to ignore them. So, especially on Linux, you must check that you have enabled support for extended attributes and you might have to recompile the common utilities, like fileutils, because by default you might have commands like cp and mv that lose the extended attributes. Also neither all GUI file managers nor all archiver versions (e.g. of tar or pax), handle correctly the extended attributes. The main pitfall on Linux is that tmpfs has only partial support for extended attributes, so on many Linux systems, copying a file to /tmp will lose its extended attributes. When copying files through the network, the most reliable way is to use rsync, preferably rsync over ssh. That will copy any file together with its extended attributes, regardless what operating systems are at the 2 ends. Otherwise, Samba can be used between most operating systems. I have used it in mixed configurations with Linux, FreeBSD and Windows computers, without problems with preserving the extended attributes. There are new NFS versions with extended attribute support, but all the computers must be configured correctly, with non-default options. I have not used such a version of NFS. So the conclusion is that the files themselves are cross-platform if you take care to not use for transferring them methods that would silently lose the extended attributes, but the simplest way is to rewrite a pair of updating/verification scripts for each platform, because those can be very simple, while a cross-platform script would be large and cumbersome. Per year of cold storage . If the files are overwritten frequently, then the error rate would be much lower. Even if they are only read frequently that would lower dramatically the error rate, because the HDD controller will rewrite the blocks with corrected errors, which happen frequently. In about 200 TB of high-quality HDDs from 2 vendors and in various capacities, between 0.5 TB and 8 TB per HDD, I have seen around 100 errors after 5 years of cold storage. It is possible that the "population count" instruction has been included in the instruction sets of most American supercomputers at the request of NSA, which was an important customer for them. Nevertheless, the first computer having this instruction was a British computer, the Ferranti Mark I (February 1951). The name used by Ferranti Mark I for this instruction was "sideways add". Also notable was that Ferranti Mark I had the equivalent of LZCNT (count leading zeroes) too. Both instructions are very useful and they are standard now for modern instruction sets, but they were omitted in most computers after Ferranti Mark I, except in expensive supercomputers. Moreover, Ferranti Mark I included a hardware random number generator, another feature useful for cryptography, which was reintroduced only recently in modern CPUs. There are at least 2 manufacturers for tapes (Fujifilm and Sony), but their tapes are also sold under many other brands (e.g. IBM, Quantum, HP). The price per TB is currently about $7 or less (per real TB of LTO-8, not per marketing compressed TB), so there is no chance to approach the cost and reliability of tapes using HDDs. The problem with tapes is that currently the tape drives are very expensive, because their market is small, so you need to store a lot of data before the difference in price between HDDs and tapes exceeds the initial expense for the tape drive. Nevertheless, if you want to store data for many years, investing in a tape drive may be worthwhile just for the peace of mind, because when storing HDDs for years you can never be sure how will they work when operated again. For newer tape formats the prices are similar or even a little lower. For example, at Amazon in Europe an LTO-7 cartridge is EUR 48 for 6 real TB (EUR 8 per real TB), while an LTO-8 cartridge is EUR 84 for 12 real TB (EUR 7 per real TB). At Amazon USA I see now $48 for LTO-7 and $96 for LTO-8, i.e. $8 per TB if you buy 1 tape. For larger quantities, there are discounts. Older formats like LTO-6 have the advantage that you may find much cheaper tape drives, but you must handle more cartridges for a given data size. Currently the cheapest HDDs are the external USB drives with 5400 rpm, which are much slower, about 3 times slower than the tapes, but even those are many times more expensive than the tapes (e.g. $27 ... $30 per TB). That means that if you store the data for much more than a half of year, Glacier becomes more expensive than storing on tapes. Of course, tapes require a tape drive and its cost would require a lot of data to compensate the cost, but at a such high cost of retrieval it would not take much data to equal the cost of a tape drive. Glacier is OK for a couple of TB, but for tens or hundreds it would not be suitable. The security issues are not with hardware random number generators in general, but with those that are included inside complex devices like monolithic CPUs or TPMs, so that the owners of those devices cannot verify that the RNG's really do what they are claimed to do. Discrete hardware RNG's, like that of the Ferranti Mark I, are perfectly secure. For a modern device, the best way to implement a hardware RNG is to just include an ADC (analog-digital converter) input. Then you may connect externally on the PCB some noisy analog amplifier, e.g. one which has a noisy resistor or diode at its input. Digitizing the noise with the ADC will provide the random numbers and the ADC input can be isolated and tested separately at any time, so the user can verify that there is no hidden functionality. Most microcontrollers have ADC inputs, so it is easy to add a secure hardware RNG for them. The same could be done for a personal computer by making a noisy amplifier that can be plugged in the microphone input, or by making a USB device with a microcontroller. The title is confusing, because the whole particle does not switch between matter and antimatter, only its internal components switch. The hadrons, i.e. the particles made of components bound together by the so-called strong nuclear forces are partitioned into 3 groups: particles made of 3 quarks, particles made of 3 anti-quarks and particles made of 1 quark together with 1 anti-quark. Particles made from more quarks than in these 3 groups are possible in principle, but they would disintegrate extremely quickly, i.e. in times many orders of magnitude less than 1 nanosecond. The reasons why only those 3 kinds of hadrons are normally encountered is that exactly like the electric forces attempt to neutralize the electric charge and prevent the negative charges to separate from the positive charges, the strong nuclear forces also try to neutralize a similar quantity, with the difference that this quantity is 2-dimensional, unlike the electric charge, which is 1-dimensional. The condition of neutralizing that 2-dimensional quantity can be satisfied by the 3 kinds of quark combinations listed above. The lightest hadron made of 3 quarks is the proton and the lightest hadron made of 3 anti-quarks is the anti-proton. The proton and the similar hadrons can be considered as matter and the anti-proton and similar hadrons can be considered as anti-matter. None of these hadrons made of either 3 quarks or 3 anti-quarks can switch between matter and anti-matter and this remains true for their compounds, like nuclei or anti-nuclei. On the other hand, the 3rd kind of hadrons, which are usually named mesons, and which are made from 1 quark and 1 anti-quark, are in fact neither matter nor anti-matter. The article linked here refers to a particle of this kind, where the total number of quarks is +1 -1 = 0. So in mesons it is possible that the pair of 1 quark + 1 anti-quark will transform in another pair of 1 quark + 1 anti-quark, but where the quarks are different types of quarks than before the transformation. This transformation is possible because the total number of quarks is 0, both before and after the transformation, so any such transformation is possible as long as the new types of quarks are such so that the electrical charge remains the same. The compositions of mesons can oscillate between different pairs quark + anti-quark, but the heavier mesons decay extremely fast so it is exceedingly difficult to observe such oscillations. The linked article reports the experimental observation of such an oscillation, which was known as possible since decades ago, but it was not seen in experiments due to technical difficulties. So in these transformations some quarks and anti-quarks appear and disappear, but the total quantity of matter and anti-matter is the same before and after, which is why the title is misleading. There is no reason to believe that matter and antimatter was produced in equal quantities in the Big Bang. 2 particles, one of which is the anti-particle of the other form a system where the sum of all quantities that are conserved can be 0, so a transformation generating or destroying both particles is possible. Nevertheless there are also other systems of particles where the sum of all conserved quantities can be 0 so there should exist transformations that generate all of them simultaneously. Besides the systems of 2 particles, where generation and annihilation is well known, there are systems of 4 particles with zero sum of all conserved quantities (e.g. a quark, an anti-quark, an electron and an anti-neutrino) and also systems of 8 particles e.g. the 3 kinds of u quarks + the 3 kinds of d-quarks + electron + anti-neutrino. The systems of 4 particles can actually be generated and destroyed in weak interactions, similarly like the the systems of 2 particles can be generated and destroyed in electromagnetic interactions. For the systems of 8 particles, there is currently no theory about a mechanism of generation or annihilation, but my bet is that this is how matter was created during Big Bang (those 8 particles aggregate into 1 proton, 1 neutron, 1 electron and 1 neutrino). For now we have a theory of Big Bang not from the starting point but from a little later when there already was normal matter as we know it. There is no theory yet for the origin of Big Bang, but there is absolutely no reason to believe that at the beginning there was an electromagnetic interaction generating simultaneously equal numbers of particles and anti-particles. For that to be true, the matter and anti-matter should have been preceded by electromagnetic waves i.e. photons, of equivalent energy with the mass of the generated matter and anti-matter, which would then annihilate restoring the previous photons. Such a theory goes nowhere, so it does not match reality. Whatever started Big Bang, it was not an electromagnetic field generating pairs of particles and anti-particles. You are right that that the sum of the conserved quantities can be zero also for the 8 quarks & leptons composing 1 anti-proton, 1 anti-neutron, 1 anti-electron and 1 neutrino. I did not claim that this is how matter was generated in the Big Bang, especially because for now there exists no theory for such a process. My point is that this is a strange coincidence as it would provide matter in the right proportions. Unlike for electromagnetic interactions, there might be some asymmetry making the process generating the particles more probable than the process generating the antiparticles. Because the 2 processes are decoupled, they might have happened at different rates, which is not possible with electromagnetic generation and annihilation. Of course, the correct explanation for Big Bang might be completely different, only the fact that there was no simultaneous generation of matter and anti-matter is certain. The neutral Z0 boson behaves like the photons, so I did not mention it. The charged W bosons cannot generate particle/anti-particle pairs because that would violate the conservation laws. They generate simultaneously 4 elementary particles: quark, anti-quark, lepton and anti-lepton. The quark and the anti-quark remain bound as one meson. The reverse event is also possible, but highly improbable, because it is unlikely for a meson, a charged lepton and a neutrino to collide simultaneously, in order to annihilate into W bosons. What happens frequently is the equivalent event when 2 of the 3 collide and transform into a W boson together with the antiparticle of the third. These type of events involving W bosons are what I was referring to as the generation/annihilation of systems of 4 elementary particles through weak interactions. None of them can explain anything besides what is already explained without them. The Big Bang theory that is useful starts with matter at very high temperature and density, but otherwise not different from the matter that we know. That happens at some uncertain time interval after the beginning of Big Bang. We may try to extrapolate towards time 0 and increasing temperatures and densities, but that reaches soon values of temperature and pressure high enough that we do not really know how matter behaves in those conditions and it does not matter anyway because it does not influence what happens later. For the later evolution, it is enough to start the modeling of Big Bang from the moment when the temperature became low enough, e.g. of some tens of MeV, i.e. when matter was too hot for nuclei and atoms to exist, but cold enough so that it consisted of a plasma composed of protons, neutrons, electrons, positrons, photons and neutrinos, with only negligible quantities of heavier particles. For the time 0 there is no theory that can predict anything quantitative. The facts are more complex than that. Unlike the stable photon, the W bosons have a negligible lifetime. So in fact those processes listed by you that result in 2 particles are 4-particle processes. Two particles collide, either a quark and an anti-quark giving other 2 particles, a lepton + an anti-lepton (in your exemples positron + electron neutrino or muon + muon antineutrino) or a lepton collides with an anti-lepton giving a quark and an anti-quark (in your exemple up quark + anti-down quark). So there are always 4 particles, either quark, anti-quark, lepton and anti-lepton, or there may be both at input and at output a lepton and an anti-lepton, which includes the case of scattering through weak interactions, or there maybe both at input and at output a quark and an anti-quark, which includes the case when a meson decays into another meson through a weak interaction. All the interactions involving W bosons are 4-particle interactions, where the W boson is an intermediate particle that exists only during a negligible time. The 4 particles may be all at the input, all at the output, 3 at the input and 1 at the output, 1 at the input and 3 at the output or the most frequent case, 2 at the input and 2 at the output. Like all the interactions between elementary particles all these cases are equivalent and all the variants are interchangeable by moving a particle from the input to its anti-particle at the output or vice-versa. In most cases you need to pay attention only to the 4 particles participating in the weak interaction and not to the intermediate W boson. The existence of the W boson matters only when you need to compute various things because this intermediate particle transforms diagram nodes with 4 edges that cannot be computed into diagram nodes with 3 edges that can be computed with the methods of quantum electrodynamics. As far as we know, during Big Bang, after the matter had cooled enough for heavier particles to decay but before cooling enough to allow the formation of nuclei and atoms, there were equal numbers of protons, neutrons and net electrons (i.e. electrons - positrons), so the electric charge of the universe was zero. All the events that happened after that, e.g. the decay of a part of the neutrons into protons and electrons, the annihilation of positrons with electrons and various generations and annihilations of particle/anti-particle pairs, have not changed the total electric charge, so it has remained zero. The electric forces are extremely strong and they ensure that matter is on average electrically neutral, so the only long-distance forces are magnetic and gravitational. Any region with electric charge would generate strong electric fields with various obvious effects. Those are very old. The current standard is LTO-8, with 12 real TB of data per cartridge and it has the lowest cost per TB stored. However, the LTO-8 drives are very expensive, e.g. between $2000 and $4000. Even in UK, you can buy them from Amazon Germany or from Amazon France, at only EUR 7 per TB for LTO-8 or around EUR 8 per TB for the older standards. Previously there were no customs taxes but after Brexit I assume that there might be some taxes, but they should not be so high as to increase much this low price. I am using a LTO-7 drive connected to a FreeBSD server. FreeBSD always succeeds to write the tape continuously at about 300 MB per second, which is the maximum speed for LTO-7. All the files send to the tape are grouped into large archive files and for the dd command that writes to tape I use a block size of 128 kB. The tape commands from FreeBSD are more convenient than those from Linux, which have not seen much maintenance in recent years. Obviously, you cannot reach tape speed when making the backup directly from a HDD or from a 1 Gb/s Ethernet. You must write the backup to tape either from a fast SSD, or from 10 Gb/s Ethernet coming from a fast SSD at the other end, or from a RAM disk configured on the server, if you have enough memory. To not wear unnecessarily the SSDs on my server where the tape drive is located, whenever I write the backup, I configure a large RAM disk on the server. The backup files coming through Ethernet to the server are written to the RAM disk on the server, then they are copied to the tape. With this arrangement it is very easy to ensure that the tape drive is written at maximum speed without any hiccups. Yes, that is how it should be done. For example, I collect all the files that I send to backup in archive files whose size is approximately 50 GB, then I copy to the tape the 50 GB files. Doing like this, the write speed to a LTO-7 drive is always constant at 300 MB per second, which is the maximum possible for that standard (which is much higher than what a HDD can sustain, so the 50 GB files must come from a fast SSD or from a RAM disk). What really counts is the volume density for the entire device, i.e. for a LTO tape cartridge vs. a 3.5" HDD. Comparing a 12 TB tape with an 18 TB 3.5" HDD, the volume of the cartridge is about a half or less, so the tape still has better density. Moreover the tape cartridge is many times lighter, if you carry in your pocket a tape cartridge vs a 3.5" HDD, the difference is very significant. You would not notice the tape cartridge, while the HDD would be like having a stone in your pocket. Experimental tapes have already been demonstrated at volumic densities much better than what HDDs hope to achieve in the future. There are various unicellular organisms that are cultivated either for EPA extraction or for DHA extraction. Usually EPA and DHA coming from 2 different cultures are mixed into a commercial "algae oil", together with some vegetable oil. Most of those unicellular organisms are not algae, but there is no better name that could be understood by the general public. For example, EPA is extracted from thraustochytrids, which are non-photosynthetic unicellular distant relatives of the brown algae. The only problem with the "algae" oil is that for now it is very expensive. In Europe it is 8 times more expensive than fish oil. While I eat mostly vegan food, I make a couple of exceptions and one of them is fish oil. I have tried algae oil. It was good, but I could not afford to pay for an adequate daily dose of it. I do not know how much of this premium price is due to the cultivation costs and how much is due to vegans accepting to pay more for a vegan solution. It is very likely that all kinds of poly-unsaturated fatty acids, both the omega-3 and the omega-6, are harmful in too large quantities. Before being degraded easily like MUFA or saturated fatty acids, the PUFA must pass through various transformation reactions that can be performed by our body mainly in the liver and only with a limited rate. When the quantity of PUFA exceeds that which is needed for the maintenance of various cellular membranes by more than can be degraded in a given time, they accumulate and can be harmful. The problem, like for any other kind of food, is that it is extremely difficult to determine experimentally which are the minimum dose per day and the maximum dose per day outside which an omega-3 acid or any other substance becomes harmful instead of useful. The main difficulty is that those limits are not absolute, but they depend on the quantities of other substances eaten at the same time and on the kinds of activities that are performed. So it is not surprising that the results of various studies are contradictory. For omega-3, most studies that I have seen showed improvements up to 2-3 grams per day and no harmful effects that could appear in a short time up to a dose 2 or 3 times larger than that. While there is no doubt that you need both some EPA and some DHA, there is no certainty about which would be the right quantity of each per day. For example some studies have shown that for the brain and against some inflammatory conditions it is better to eat more DHA than EPA, other studies have shown that for the heart it is better to eat more EPA than DHA. It is impossible to know how much the results of such studies are influenced by whatever else the study subjects have eaten at the same time. Nevertheless, it is unlikely that the inferior limit and the superior limit for omega-3 consumption are very close. Therefore eating a few grams per day should be safe. I assume that for killing a tumor much higher doses are needed. I am not sure what you mean by organic and non-organic. The chemical synthesis of the omega-3 acids is too expensive, so all commercial products claiming to contain omega-3 acids contain such acids that have been extracted from living beings. Therefore all commercial omega-3 acids are organic. Because the omega-3 acids are expensive, they frequently are sold diluted in some other kind of oil. The oil used for dilution should be some good quality vegetable oil. Unfortunately there are cases when some junk oil is used for dilution, possibly including various garbage, e.g. colorants or flavors. Therefore, when choosing an omega-3 supplement, it is good to check the list of ingredients to see whether the good omega-oil is not mixed with a bunch of undesirable, possibly non-organic, substances. The main component, i.e. the omega-3 acids, can be found in one of 3 sources: 1. A few vegetable sources with short-chain omega-3 acids, e.g. walnut cores, flax seed or hemp seed 2. Fish oil, e.g. cod liver oil or salmon oil 3. "Algae" omega-3 oil The first group of omega-3 sources does no harm and people who eat enough animal food might not need anything else. On the other hand, people who eat little or no animal food must eat some omega-3 supplements belonging either to the second or to the third group. There is no efficiency difference between fish oil and "algae" oil. The only difference is that the "algae" oil is more expensive, but it is available for those who do not want fish oil. Like I have said, it is imperious to check the composition of any supplement, to see which is the real content in EPA and DHA and whether they are not mixed with some junk. Many omega-3 supplements appear to be cheaper, but they are diluted and their real cost per EPA+DHA may be higher than of other non-diluted supplements. If by "organic" and "non-organic", you have meant omega-3 acids included in meat or animal organs versus omega-3 in oil extracts, then the answer is that there is no difference. During digestion, the fatty acids are separated from the food and they are absorbed as such by your intestine. So unlike for some vitamins or minerals, which might behave differently in the form included in dietary supplements versus the form included in natural food, for fatty acids there are no such concerns. The only thing is that many omega-3 supplements are sold as ingestible capsules, for the benefit of those who do not like to eat oil. In my opinion eating capsules is a bad choice. I believe that it is better to buy bottled oil containing omega-3 acids. Both fish oil, e.g. cod liver oil, and "algae" oil are available in bottles. Then you can mix a little omega-3 oil with olive oil or another kind of oil that you use at cooking (by mixing it to the food after cooking and cooling, otherwise the omega-3 oil would be degraded by heating). If you do like this, then really there exists no difference between the omega-3 from a supplement and the omega-3 from meat, because they would be digested and absorbed in identical environments. Otherwise, when the oil is released from capsules, the local concentration might be too high overloading the absorption system in the intestine, so some of the oil could be wasted compared to the case when the oil is mixed with other food. The risk is much lower for "algae" but as long as you do not know how exactly the vendor cultivates the "algae", the risk is not zero. These "algae" are cultivated in sea water. They might use synthetic sea water, but they might just take water from the sea, which contains mercury. Some "algae" concentrate the mercury from sea water, others do not. The only completely risk-free supplement would be if you could afford a chemical analysis for it. As long as you do not analyze it and you do not inspect the production facilities, there is a non-zero risk of toxic substances included in your food. I pay for cod liver oil a price that divided by the content of omega-3 acids results in about EUR 0.10 per gram. At your link, the price is GBP 17 per 24 g DHA, which results in about EUR 0.82 per gram of omega-3. I have paid about the same price, i.e. 8 times higher than fish oil, for a similar algae oil. So the price seems right. However the product from your link has a problem, it contains only DHA. There are 2 omega-3 acids that are required by the human body, DHA and EPA. Fish oil contains both and also vitamin D. The cultivated algae produce either DHA or EPA, not both. Some vendors mix oils from 2 algae cultures, to sell supplements with both DHA and EPA. Others sell DHA and EPA separately, like in your link. If you choose this DHA supplement, you must also search an EPA supplement, to take them both. Otherwise you must search a supplement with both DHA and EPA. The prices are about the same so it is just a matter of convenience to choose separate or combined supplements. Unfortunately, I have not seen any algae oil at a significantly different price, so the only cheaper solution is fish oil, at an 8-times lower price. Earlier, most fish from cultures contained negligible DHA and EPA, because they were not fed with their natural food. Now, there are fish farms that have cultures of algae that produce DHA and EPA, then they feed crustaceans or rotifers with the algae. The crustaceans or rotifers are added to the fish food, so in such farms the fish contain omega-3, like those grown in natural conditions. This is not done necessarily to improve the nutritional value of the fish, but to ensure that they reproduce for the next farming cycle, because fish deficient in omega-3 acids may fail to reproduce. I would like very much if someone would introduce a tape drive with an USB interface, using the USB-Attached-SCSI-Protocol. This would have no importance for software, as the tape drives would continue to be seen as SCSI devices. The performance of USB is adequate and an USB tape drive could be cheaper, while also saving money for not needing a SCSI HBA. Unfortunately, there are no tape drives for modern tape standards with USB and no hope that one will appear soon. I use a tabletop tape drive. Internal tape drives are a little cheaper, but I think that the external drive is more reliable, because it is protected from dust when not active and it is well cooled (even if it is noisy) when it is active. Previously I have used a SCSI HBA card for PCIe, together with an external SCSI cable having the appropriate connectors. The server motherboard that I am using now has on-board SCSI, so I have a cable from motherboard to the case, having internal SCSI connectors at one end, to plug in the motherboard, and external connectors at the other end, in a cover for a the opening of an expansion card slot on the case. Then I have an external SCSI cable to connect the tabletop drive. With SCSI cables, you must pay attention to the connectors at each end, because there are many variants. On the motherboard I have internal high-density connectors, on the case I have external high-density connectors, while on the tape drive I have external lower-density connectors. I have used 2 kinds of SCSI HBA cards, some with LSI controllers, e.g. LSI LSI00343 SAS 9300-8E Host Bus Adapter, and a similar card with a Microsemi controller (now Microchip). There were no differences, all were OK. The SCSI HBA cards may have either external connectors or internal connectors or both kinds, so you must choose the appropriate card, depending on whether your drive is internal or external. The only difficulty that I had in the past was that on some motherboards the computer did not boot with the SCSI card inside and I could not understand why. I have even bought a second SCSI HBA card from a different vendor, wrongly believing that it is buggy. The problem turned out to be not a bug, but a standard feature :-( When booting in legacy mode, some add-in cards, including all SCSI cards and all GPUs, attempt to map their ROMs adding BIOS functions in the address space above 640 kB but under 1 MB, which is accessed in the Intel real-address mode. The SCSI cards do this for the case when you will attach a HDD or a SSD and you would want to boot from it, which the MB BIOS does not know how to do. On the computers that refused to boot, without any errror message, I also had a NVIDIA GPU. The sizes of the SCSI ROM with the NVIDIA ROM together exceeded the reserved address area mappable by the BIOS, so the BIOS failed to initialize the GPU. When either one of the 2 cards was present booting was OK, with both cards the computer remained stuck with a blank screen. The solution for those cards to work together was to go in the BIOS at PCIe properties, select the slot where I intended to put the SCSI card and disable the mapping of the extension ROM. However, not all BIOSes have these options. On one of my Supermicro MBs, the BIOS had the option, but it did not have any effect, due to a BIOS bug. While I have been very content with the hardware of my Supermicro motherboards, I have encountered a lot of bugs in their BIOSes. Because I use the HBA only for tapes, disabling the ROM has no consequence, because I never want to boot from SCSI. You do not have to match the speed, but you should. Sending the data fast enough to the drive will reduce both the total time required for backup, when the drive is active, and it will also avoid starting and stopping a lot the drive during the transfer. Both eliminating the start-stop cycles and reducing the total active time will increase the life of your tape drive. On my server I have 128 GB of DRAM, which makes it extremely easy to ensure maximum speed without wearing a SSD. When the backup starts, I create an 80-GB RAM disk, larger than the up to 60 GB archives in which I collect the files sent to backup. With less memory one could either use smaller chunks or use a SSD instead of the RAM disk, but that seems wasteful. Then the archive files are buffered in the RAM disk and written in one command, without pauses. That is a feature, not a bug, for long-term archival media. Yes, indeed, you are right. However, I have encountered a lot of uses of "imperious" instead of "imperative", coming from native speakers, which is why I happened to make this choice of words, which is not the right one. That is what we all hope, whenever we buy any kind of food, regardless if it is fish or algae. But of course it is good to also verify whatever you can, because food standards may be too lax or not enforced well enough. So I agree with the other poster that mentioned the risk of mercury content for fish products, which however exists for all marine products, including algae products, even if it is lower than for small fish and even lower than for large fish. Nevertheless, I hope that any fish product or algae product that is sold would be sampled and analyzed from time to time to verify that it does not contain harmful substances. Yes, I have also started recently to eat daily some cod liver oil and I have been surprised that it has only a very faint and pleasant fishy flavor. The fish oil that was available when I was a child had a much stronger and less pleasant smell. The downside is that you do not know how much you should eat, because the conversion efficiency varies from human to human and it also diminishes with increasing age. Eating too much ALA, with the hope that this will be enough to ensure the DHA & EPA that you need, even in the worst case, can be harmful. Nevertheless, this is a problem mostly for those who eat little or no animal foods. Otherwise you might get enough DHA and EPA from the normal food. Actually the best source of omega-3 acids are the animal brains, which are very tasty when well cooked. However, since the Mad Cow disease, the popularity of eating brains has strongly declined, even among non-vegans. The polyunsaturated fatty acids are much more prone to spontaneous oxidation by the air. In your body the oxidation reactions are not spontaneous, they are catalyzed by enzymes. All the cells have large quantities of enzymes used for the oxidation of the mono-unsaturated fatty acids and of the saturated fatty acids, which are stored together in the fat used as an energy reserve. So MUFA and saturated fatty acids are either oxidized rapidly when you do physical work or they are stored in reserve fat when in excess. The poly-unsaturated fatty acids are not used as an energy reserve, they are used mainly for building various kind of cellular membranes. Most cells do not need to transform PUFA and they do not contain enzymes for this. Excess PUFA are processed mainly in the liver, where they are transformed through a chain of reactions to fatty acids that can be oxidized through the normal path. When there is a deficit of PUFA, but there are precursors with a shorter chain, e.g. ALA for DHA & EPA, the liver will perform elongation reactions, to increase the quantities of PUFA, instead of preparing them for oxidation. However all these reactions with PUFA, either for synthesis or for degradation, are rate-limited by modest quantities of the necessary enzymes, so either too small or too large quantities of PUFA can exceed the processing capability needed to adjust the PUFA concentration in the body. I do not think that you should be much concerned about this, because other studies show that more DHA than EPA is preferable when using other criteria. So the conclusion is that nobody knows for sure if you should eat more DHA than EPA, to have a better brain, or less DHA than EPA, to have a better heart. What is certain is that you need some minimum quantity of both DHA and EPA. Especially for children, who do not have yet to worry about cardio-vascular problems, a supplement with more DHA than EPA seems actually a good choice. Both the movement of the nucleons inside nuclei and the movements of the quarks inside nucleons are affected by magnetic fields (because the neutrons have magnetic moments, while the protons and all quarks have both magnetic moments and electric charges), so it is expected that in the presence of magnetic fields there is some splitting of the nuclear energy levels, similar to the splitting of the atomic and molecular energy levels caused by a magnetic field, which can be detected in the atomic and molecular spectra. The changes in the nuclear energy levels should cause small changes in the decay rates. Nevertheless, such changes might be too small to be measurable, because for particles that move much slower than the speed of light the magnetic forces are extremely small in comparison with the electric forces and even smaller in comparison with the strong nuclear forces. The influence of magnetic fields on atomic spectra is very small, even if the electrons move much faster than the nucleons. The changes in nuclear energy levels caused by magnetic fields would be much smaller, while the distances between nuclear energy levels, which determine the decay probabilities, are much larger than in atomic spectra. It seems very likely that the magnetic effects are too small to be measurable. While you are right that older Notepads were annoying because they could not handle other line endings except CR LF, Wordpad could always handle them. So the solution on Windows XP or other old Windows versions was to change all text file associations from Notepad to Wordpad and everything was fine. Among user interfaces that I use daily, that of MS Windows Explorer has become, since many years, much worse than the user interface of most file managers available for Linux. The numerous extra mouse clicks that I need to do in Windows Explorer to navigate the file system or to perform any other task, compared to a non-stupid file manager, are extremely annoying. The same can be said about MS Word, which has become much worse than LibreOffice, also since many years. I have been using MS Word for 30 years, but recent versions frequently surprise me because when I have to search some command through its menus it never is where I would expect it. With older versions of MS Word, I had no need for a manual or for a help command, because I could easily discover how to do anything that I had not done before. With the newer versions of MS Word it is hard for me to discover how to do anything that I have done many times before, but not recently enough. Even if I have used LibreOffice for much fewer years than MS Word, with it, like with the old MS Word versions, I never had difficulties to discover how to do something. These days, I will never use willingly MS Windows Explorer or MS Word, instead of their open-source equivalents. These are just some of the most obvious examples of commercial programs with a bad user interface, but there are many more. While what you say about long variable names can be right in certain circumstances, the example with the wrong units is inappropriate. In my opinion any code that deals with physical quantities, but which does not use dedicated types for each kind of physical quantity, where the type definitions include the units used, is erroneous. Any mistake like in the Mars orbiter must be detected at compile time. Most of the energy that is produced is in the neutrons, so it will be transferred as heat in whatever shield captures the neutrons and which will become radioactive. So most of the heat will have to be extracted from a radioactive material, with similar precautions like in fission reactors, where the heat is extracted from the radioactive nuclear fuel. I am very skeptical that fusion of deuterium with tritium or of deuterium with deuterium will ever produce "clean energy", even if they are the easiest fusion reactions, due to the relatively low temperatures required for them. It still remains to be proven whether the radioactive waste for a fusion reactor of the kinds attempted now will be less than for a fission reactor. While tmpfs can be very useful even as it is, users must beware that copying a file from another Linux file system to tmpfs can lose a part of the file metadata, without giving any warnings or errors. The main problem is that copying a file to tmpfs will drop extended attributes. Old versions of tmpfs dropped all extended attributes, modern versions of tmpfs keep some security-related extended attributes, but they still drop any user-defined extended attributes. Old versions of tmpfs truncated some high-resolution timestamps, e.g. those coming from xfs, but I do not know if this still happens on modern versions of tmpfs. Before learning these facts, I could not understand while some file copies lost parts of their metadata, after being copied via /tmp between 2 different users, on a multi-user computer where /tmp was mounted on tmpfs. Now that I know, when I have to copy a file via tmpfs, I have to make a pax archive, which preserves file metadata. Older tar archive formats may have the same problems like tmpfs. Consumer SSDs (unlike enterprise SSDs) must have a retention time of at least 1 year at the end of their life. To achieve that target, when they are new they must have a retention time of a few years, but you should better not count on that. By stressing "federal income taxes" I assume that you mean that there are local taxes on wealth. I do not know how it is in USA, but in most countries there are taxes on wealth, typically at least on houses, cars and land. Wherever I have seen the amount of those taxes, they were already too high in my opinion. Moreover, the inheritance taxes are also a kind of tax on wealth and they are also quite high in many places. In my opinion taxes on wealth should be reduced, not increased, because I have seen cases when someone happened to be jobless for some time, thus having no income. While without the burden of taxes on wealth they could have lived decently for a longer time, waiting for an opportunity, the necessity of paying the taxes could force them to sell their property at loss and risk becoming homeless. I do not think that is right. On the other hand, when someone owns much more wealth than would be needed to ensure a decent life until dying of old age, then I would accept that it is right to tax the excess wealth. However, I have seen too many cases when the introduction of taxes on wealth was justified as "tax for the rich", but in the actual law the taxation thresholds were so low that the taxes affected mostly the lower end of the middle class, not the really rich. That is a convention mostly used in school problems, because manual computations with a temperature of 300 kelvin are easier. In most technical contexts, room temperature means either 25 Celsius degrees or 20 Celsius degrees or more seldom various other temperatures between 15 Celsius degrees and 25 Celsius degrees. Also in my experience, proteins & fat reduce the feelings of hunger, not carbs. If I eat at breakfast in the morning 140 g turkey breast + 70 g cashew nuts + 3 sweet potatoes + 1 bell pepper, then I feel perfectly satiated and I feel no hunger until late in the evening, when I have next meal. Deleting either the turkey breast or the cashew nuts from that breakfast menu, makes me hungry much earlier. On the other hand, if I eat just bread, I have to eat a very large quantity, e.g. 1 kilogram, until I feel satiated due to the full stomach, and then after a few hours I feel hungry again. There are many kinds of food, like bread, vanilla or cocoa cream and many others, which I like very much, but which do not satiate me unless eaten in huge quantities, so I have given up on eating those kinds of food, because it is much easier to not eat them at all than to stop after eating just a small quantity. The binding energy of protons & neutrons into nuclei is less than 1% of their mass, so the energy required to separate a nucleus, like an alpha particle, into all its constituent protons and neutrons, is negligible in comparison with the energies required for interactions so intense that they would generate any other hadrons except protons and neutrons, for example pi mesons, which would expose the inner structure of protons and neutrons. This is an important feature of nature, whose consequence is that the most convenient way of understanding the world is that the first approximation, which is useful for almost all practical purposes, is to consider everything as composed of protons, neutrons and electrons, which are bound by strong, electromagnetic and gravitational forces and that there are also positrons (antielectrons), which can be generated in sufficiently intense interactions and which will annihilate with electrons. Only for few purposes it is necessary to go beyond this and take into account that there are many other hadrons composed of quarks, besides protons and neutrons, and that there are also other leptons. The distinction between these 2 level of approximation is important and whoever likes to think that alpha particles as not being made of protons of neutrons fails to get it. Of course, for many purposes you can ignore the strong nuclear forces and you can consider the surrounding world as being made of electrons and of a little less than 300 kinds of long lived nuclei, which are bound by electromagnetic and gravitational forces. At this other level of approximation, you should ignore the proton-neutron composition of any nucleus, but when you talk about alpha particles, you normally mean helium nuclei having a kinetic energy high enough to not be negligible in comparison with the binding energies of nuclei, so you are not in a situation when you can ignore the nuclear compositions. In any physical model, it is important to specify clearly which is the level of approximation at which it works. Mixing randomly various levels of approximation of the structure of things is usually a bad strategy. The vast majority of the cosmic radiation consists of protons, i.e. hydrogen ions. Light ions, e.g. of helium, lithium or boron are also relatively abundant and heavier ions are less abundant. There are also electrons, but in smaller quantities, because they can be captured by ions. The high speed protons collide with the atoms of the Earth atmosphere and the collisions generate a huge variety of particles, but most of them have a very short lifetime, so they decay before reaching ground level. At ground level, the cosmic radiation consists mostly of muons, because they have a longer lifetime, so they survive the travel from the upper atmosphere where they are generated, until ground level. Only extremely few of the particles from the primary cosmic radiation, i.e. protons, reach ground, because most are deflected by the magnetic field of the Earth and the remaining protons lose their energy in the collisions with atmosphere, by generating particles, which eventually decay into muons. I suppose that they have used the word "non-ferrous" in a rather loose way, i.e. referring to the classic non-ferrous metals and to the other metals similar to them, which accumulate into sulfides, not into oxides. The lithophile metals, which have higher affinity for oxygen, e.g. aluminum, magnesium, titanium etc. are not particularly abundant around volcanoes. Such metals could be separated from minerals only starting with the 19th century, so before that all the "non-ferrous" metals were obtained from sulfides or alteration products of sulfides. Some continue to use "non-ferrous" with the ancient meaning, not with its literal meaning. The sulfide minerals and a few other minerals associated with sulfides are byproducts of magma cooling, either by phase separation from magma or by dissolution and precipitation in hot fluids, in actual volcanoes and also in places where the raising magma did not reach the surface. There are a large number of important metals, e.g. copper, zinc, lead, molybdenum, silver and many others, which come almost exclusively from sulfide minerals or from minerals produced by atmospheric alteration of former sulfide minerals, so those may be said to be mostly of volcanic origin. "probably consuming like x100 the power" is greatly exaggerated. A typical PC might have an idle power consumption of less than 50 W, while a very small computer with ARM little cores might have an idle power of 2 ... 3 W, so at most the power consumption ratio would be 20. However even that is not realistic because a computer or appliance with less than 3 W power consumption will not be able to route 10 Gb/s or faster links and it will struggle even with multiple 1 Gb/s ports. A dedicated router appliance able to route 10 Gb/s or faster links will probably have an idle power of around 10 W or even more. For routing only 1 Gb/s links, you can use among the standard PC's a NUC-like model, which will have an idle power consumption between 5 W and 10 W, quite close to a dedicated appliance. This is actually what I am using for my own Internet router/firewall (which also runs many other services, e.g. DNS server and proxy, NTP, e-mail, HTTP server and proxy etc.) with 1 external 1 Gb/s port and 4 internal 1 Gb/s ports (4 of the 5 ports are made with USB to Ethernet adapters). Some of the more recent NUC or similar computers have multiple Thunderbolt ports or 10 Gb/s USB ports, so those can be used to route multiple 10 Gb/s links (using Ethernet adapters), with an idle power of around 10 W, similar to any equivalent commercial routers. For 25 Gb/s Ethernet links, a commercial router is unlikely to be much cheaper or to consume much less than a standard PC. The history of the CMOV instructions mentioned in the article is incorrect. While ARM had such instructions from the beginning and other computers had them even earlier, in the Intel/AMD x86 instruction set the CMOV instructions (including FCMOV for floating-point) have been introduced in the Pentium Pro, in November 1995 and all later Intel models have them. AMD has added the CMOV/FCMOV instructions in Athlon, in June 1999. The 64-bit extension of x86 has just inherited them from the 32-bit ISA and Itanium had them later than Pentium Pro. The CMOV instructions were an important new feature of Pentium Pro, besides the out-of-order execution and triple instruction decoding and execution. Such a claim is naive. While I know nothing about this specific patent of the Japanese company Shin-Etsu, when a patent is owned by a very large manufacturer like this, they very seldom want to make money by licensing the patent but they use it to exclude any competitors. This is done by either refusing to license the patent, or more likely by requesting royalties so large that the products made by any other company could not be cheaper than their own. There are many examples of patents which had never been implemented in any product before the day when they expired. In this case, Shin-Etsu would have probably been willing to supply Ga-doped silicon wafers to PV cell manufacturers, but only at prices too high in comparison with the current prices of the PV panels, so such wafers have never seen any significant use. The efficiency of a complete cycle of storing then retrieving energy into hydrogen is quite low and there are thermodynamic reasons (due to the phase changes between liquid and gas) that limit the achievable efficiency. Hydrogen might be a possible choice when high energy per mass or power per mass is desired, but it is a very bad choice for the purpose of this new iron-air battery, i.e. stationary storage with very high energy capacity and very low cost. Iron-air might indeed be the best choice for medium-time energy storage, with low cost and good full-cycle efficiency. For very long energy storage times, e.g. years, synthetic hydrocarbons would be preferable to hydrogen, due to much easier storage and handling. High-density flash memory with more than 1 bit per cell, like in SSD's, withstands usually just a few hundred, some times only one hundred, write-erase cycles. You can easily compute this value by dividing the guaranteed endurance by the SSD capacity. For example, an 1 TB Samsung 980 guarantees only 600 TBW / 1 TB = 600 write-erase cycles. This computation works because the wear-leveling algorithm used by the SSD controller distributes the writes uniformly over the entire SSD, ensuring approximately the same number of write-erase cycles for every cell. You are right about metal-air batteries, but IIRC hydrogen-air ideal efficiency is still significantly lower than the ideal efficiency for carbon-air (using fuel cells with solid carbon) or metal-air batteries. You are also right about synthetic hydrocarbons. The extra hydrocarbon synthesis step lowers the total efficiency, compared with using hydrogen. Nevertheless, the lower efficiency is more than compensated by the simpler methods used for storage and handling, which require much less expensive materials and a much lower volume and total mass. The benefits of using hydrocarbons for long-term energy storage have been amply demonstrated by the living beings that have been using this method for billions of years, many of which can easily achieve an autonomy of months without eating, while doing activities that would make a present-time robot using batteries inoperational after a few hours at most. Ammonia, which you mention, is a much more practical solution for long term storage than pure hydrogen. Low-cost methods for its safe storage and handling are well established, despite the need of being careful to avoid leaks. Also the fuel cells using ammonia are not too different in performances compared to those using dihydrogen. initramfs is very useful if you make a bootable external SSD or USB memory stick, which is intended to be able to boot on any random computer. After you install Linux on a known computer, maybe using a customized kernel that already includes any required modules for the root device and file system, there is absolutely no need for initramfs, which just slows the boot without any benefit. That part of the write up means that he is still young. The older you get, the more you appreciate larger monitors, which allow you to continue working without needing glasses and without visual fatigue. I have not understood what you mean by "pre-gentrified". According to the article, this was built on land previously owned by the Duchy of Cornwall. I assume that the land was not inhabited, so there were no former locals who were displaced by the new ones. Moreover, the article says that one third of the houses have been reserved for those who cannot afford to buy such a house, so a majority of the current locals might belong to the "gentry", but a significant part should have a lower income. Any 2 humans who are simultaneously good mathematicians and good athletes have much more in common than most pairs of women or most pairs of men have just because they have the same sex. In the more distant past, i.e. up to 1990, all the Eastern European countries, including Poland, had semiconductor plants and many people, both engineers and workers, with good know-how. However, after 1990, the plants have been closed and most of the skilled people have gone to USA, Canada or Western Europe. So for the present time you might be right, it could be difficult to find enough experienced workforce, unlike many years ago. Those are the kind of punch cards that were used as the main method to introduce programs or any other kind of numeric or textual data into old computers, before the mid seventies, when the floppy disks became popular. Like the telephone with a dial disk or the monitor with a CRT screen, this is an unfamiliar object for not too old computer programmers. Nevertheless, there was a time when writing any computer program required it to be punched on such cards, one 80-character line per card, then you could read your program like with this Jane Austen example and you had to be exceedingly careful to not spill down the cards on the floor, or you would have to do a lot of work to sort them again in the correct order of the program lines. See my other reply. This is a joke / nostalgic memory for old computer programmers, who can still remember the time when such punched cards where used to store any computer program that you wrote, so that a computer would be able to read the program. It was out of the question to write directly the program on a terminal connected to the computer (before the invention of time sharing) because the running time of the computer was too expensive to be acceptable that it should wait until you type at a keyboard. So the computer programs were recorded offline on punched cards, then the computer read the program from the punched cards at high speed, maybe storing it on a hard disk or on a magnetic tape, if you wanted to run the program more than once. Thermal neutrons are slow neutrons, which have a velocity and kinetic energy similar to those of atoms that are in thermal equilibrium at the ambient temperatures. When the neutrons are generated in nuclear reactions, they have a very high kinetic energy, but after many collisions with the matter encountered in their path, they lose most of the energy. After they have become slow enough, so that the likelihoods of losing or gaining energy in collisions become similar, they are considered thermal neutrons. So a "young" neutron is a fast neutron, after some time it becomes a thermal neutron and eventually it decays into a hydrogen nucleus (proton). For processors that have hardware SHA256 (AMD Zen, most 64-bit ARM, some Intel models), SHA224 can be computed with the same instructions. For 64-bit CPUs without hardware SHA256, SHA512 & SHA384 are the fastest and they have identical speed (as only the values of some constants differ, while the algorithm is the same). Most libraries and hash utilities implement all these variants, so any variant can be chosen without problems. It is faster on any 64-bit CPU without hardware SHA256, i.e. on most Intel CPUs. On CPUs with hardware SHA256 (AMD Zen, 64-bit ARM, some recent Intel CPUs), SHA256 is faster. The difference between Linux and Windows is that in Linux I have never encountered any problem that I could not solve, in the worst case, when all else failed, by reading many source files of the offending programs, while on Windows I have encountered many cases of unsolvable problems, for which not only I was unable to find a solution (even if I have a lot of professional experience with all Windows versions since 3.0 till present) but also nobody else from IT support. Just to give a recent example, 3 different IT support people, from 3 different countries, have worked one day each, trying to discover why MS Teams does not work on a certain new Dell laptop, while it works fine if you move the Ethernet cable to the old laptop. After many efforts, nobody has any clue. Such things cannot happen on Linux. In recent years I have used only laptops with non-Optimus NVIDIA, and on these I had no problems in Linux with multiple monitors with different resolutions, even if I do not use Wayland. The NVIDIA settings program allows you to configure the monitors at any resolutions and in any geometric arrangement. Some 6-7 years ago, I had a laptop with Optimus NVIDIA and I lost a couple of days until making it work. After that I had no problems, but the external monitor had the same resolution with the laptop display, so I have never tried mixed DPI with Optimus. In any case, after that I have avoided Optimus and there are enough alternatives. Moreover, room-temperature fuel cells require platinum-group metal catalysts and this is the main reason that has prevented the introduction of vehicles with fuel cells. High-temperature fuel cells do not need expensive catalysts, but it seems that nobody succeeded to reach acceptable lifetimes for them. Not true. The 10 nm Intel Ice Lake Server has much worse perf/W than the 7 nm Epyc made by TSMC, and this is what matters. That means that at the same power limit and the same number of active cores the Ice Lake Server clock frequency is much lower, or at the same clock frequency and same number of active cores the power consumption of Ice Lake Server is much higher. The SuperFin 10 nm process used by Tiger Lake allows much higher maximum clock frequencies, up to 5.0 GHz, than the Ice Lake Server 10 nm process, and it also has a better perf/W, but even the SuperFin 10 nm does not reach the perf/W of the 7 nm TSMC process. If the previous claims made by Intel are true, the process used for Alder Lake, now renamed "Intel 7" will be the first Intel process that is better in perf/W than the 7 nm TSMC process. Nevertheless, it will be still worse than the "5 nm" process that has been used by TSMC in high volume products (Apple) for more than a year. Even Intel cannot be considered as an 100% USA company. The Israel parts of Intel had essential roles for decades, both in CPU design and in manufacturing, so it is very unlikely that there exists any Intel IP or know-how to which Israel does not have complete access. The main difference is that Israel is considered as an ally. This Mercedes announcement does not seem to be related to any special expectations about the battery. From what they say, a battery of 100 kWh is supposed to be used for this range and such battery packs already exist. Mercedes claims that their car will use less than 0.1 kWh per km, at normal highway driving speeds. So it seems that they rely on advances in motor efficiency and regenerative braking efficiency and in a low drag coefficient. There already are Tesla Model S with 100 kWh battery packs and also many other cars with such a pack, so this should be a solved problem. On the other hand, Tesla Model S consumes about double compared with what Mercedes claims for their future prototype, so there is where Mercedes hopes to improve over what already exists. I have also been self-hosting my email for almost 20 years. Until a few years ago I never had any problems, but during the last 3-4 years I had sporadic problems with messages that either were not delivered or they were delivered with a very large delay, e.g. a day, or they were delivered only if I resent them 3 or 4 times, at some of the large providers, like Gmail. It still works fine most of the time, but when problems happen they are annoying because there is no way to know that something happened, unless I have an alternative way to ask the recipient, e.g. by phone. In any case, now I always check that at least the final destination e-mail server has accepted the message, which should have been enough to guarantee the delivery, according to standards, but nonetheless this is not true any more. Yes, the original article is long, but it has some paragraphs where all the claims of the Meow authors are quoted precisely. They have indeed claimed some cryptographic qualities for it, which have been shown now to be false. In any case this article is interesting for anyone who enjoys cryptanalysis, because it describes in great detail how to break such a hash function or message authentication code. Meow has serious weaknesses so breaking it is not a great achievement, but the very clear and well illustrated explanation of all steps is quite valuable. This reminds me of FEAL, one of the earliest proposals (1987) for a cipher to be used as a replacement for DES. FEAL was proposed by a Japanese company, but it was immediately broken. It was revised a few times, but all revisions were also broken easily. While FEAL sucked as a real cipher, it was great as an example cipher for teaching cryptanalysis. Meow belongs to the same class, it is easy to break, which makes it good for demonstrating how to do it. "Lye" is now frequently used for any kind of strong alkali. Nowadays caustic soda is much cheaper than caustic potash, so "lye" is applied more frequently to caustic soda. The original sense of the word "lye" was referring, as you said, to the lye obtained from wood ash (or other vegetable ash), whose main component was caustic potash. Caustic soda, having similar properties, was obtained from soda (sodium carbonate) extracted from evaporite mineral deposits. Before the end of the 18th century, when the names of potash and soda (formerly just commercial names) were adopted in the chemical language, for many centuries the scientific names for lye (caustic potash) and caustic soda were vegetable alkali and mineral alkali, because of their different preparation methods. IIRC, m4 was initially a preprocessor for Rational Fortran, as someone else said, many years before BSD and sendmail. I do not see any proof that the Malthusian predictions were wrong, on the contrary. There has been indeed as you say "an explosive expansion of wealth". While so much wealth would have been enough so that a much smaller population could have lived much better, the increase of wealth has been used so that a larger population lives about as well as before. While modern technology provides a number of devices that allow me to spend much less time with chores than my ancestors, e.g. microwave oven, refrigerator, automatic washing machine, computer, mobile phone, there are a lot of things that I cannot hope to ever be able to buy, even if I am supposed to be a well paid professional, which my grandparents were able to buy from their salaries, e.g. large houses and land. Moreover I am not even able to buy food of a quality comparable to that of my grandparents. While food is very cheap now, food of a quality similar to what they had can no longer be found anywhere that I am aware of. I have never seen any evidence supporting this dream of "people working together who can actually create greater abundance long term". People working together or single will continue to discover more efficient ways to make everything that we need, but no matter what they do, they cannot create an extra piece of land for me to have a house, or an extra forest like those in which I was happy to wander as a child, but which now do not exist any more, having been replaced by cultures or buildings or just wasteland. During the eighties there was a joint research project of Intel with Siemens, for a new processor architecture named BiiN. For some reason, the BiiN project was terminated in 1988 and Siemens was not interested any more in it. On the other hand Intel decided to not scrap the results of that project and they introduced the 80960 series based on the architecture formerly known as BiiN. The commercial name 80960 was derived from their previous 8096 series of 16-bit microcontrollers, so 80960 was initially presented as higher-performance 32-bit replacement for the 8096 series, which was used in various embedded computers. One interesting feature of BiiN was that it was the first monolithic CPU with an atomic fetch-and-add instruction (first used in 1981 in the NYU Ultracomputer project). The 80960 inherited the atomic fetch-and-add from BiiN and then Intel added it to 80486, under the XADD mnemonic, together with the atomic compare-and-swap taken from IBM 370 and Motorola 68020 (CMPXCHG). The applications for which 80960 was best known, like I2O and laser printers, happened significantly later than its initial introduction. No, the commercial launch was in 1988. In 1984 it was just the start of a research project named BiiN, of Intel and Siemens, which lasted 4 years, until 1988, when Siemens dropped out. The series name, 80960, did not appear before the launch from 1988. The real article is on Biorxiv: https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2021.02.26.433123v3 I consider gymnastics as a highly competitive physical sport and the best gymnasts are usually below median height. The interpretations given in this article to many Ancient Greek words referring to colors are frequently encountered in comments about the Ancient Greek literature, but for many of them it is extremely doubtful that they have any connections with reality. For example there is nothing to justify the idea that "kuaneos" was used "to denote a dark shade of blue merging into black" and even much less that it has ever meant "blue-green", as "cyan" means now in English. The only certain thing about "kuaneos" is that its original meaning was "of the color of the pigment ultramarine blue". The Greek name of the ultramarine blue pigment was "kuanos", from which "kuaneos" was derived in a regular way. Besides "kuanos" there was another pigment frequently mentioned by Homer, "miltos", which was red iron oxide, so that is another color whose meaning is certain. So "kuaneos" meant, without doubt, just "blue". Homer and other poets did not use the color terms very precisely. In many cases they chose the words that sounded better in that positions of the verse and not those that would have been more appropriate in meaning. Therefor "kuaneos" could be used for any kind of bluish colors, usually for colors of darker hues, because there were few if any objects of light blue color at that time. Nevertheless, the meaning of the word was just blue as a blue paint, without other connotations. Also in the article, "polios" is said to be "whitish". I do not know where did the author find such an interpretation. There is no doubt that "polios" meant "gray", i.e. the color intermediate between white and black. It means neither "whitish" nor "blackish" but just the middle between white and black. Some later authors say this precisely, but even in Homer and Hesiod there is no doubt about the meaning. "Polios" is used for iron, for platinum-group metal alloys (a.k.a. "adamant"), for gray wolves, for the hair of aging people who are not yet old enough to have white hair. The precise meaning of "glaukos" is not known, but there is very little, if any, proof that it might have meant "blue-gray". "Glaukos" was mostly used about eyes, so it might have meant "light blue" as there are few eyes that would suggest the color "blue-gray". And so on. I have done exactly the same, but I am happy to continue like this after switching to GMT about 20 years ago. Adding/subtracting the local time offsets when necessary is easier for me than trying to think in local times and DST. Moreover, I have not lost the context for the earth's rotation, but I am better aware of it, by remembering which is the GMT time of the noon where I live. During summers (i.e. with DST), the noon is delayed here by about 75 minutes from 12:00, so keeping in mind the correct UTC time of the noon makes me more aware of the Sun position. There are many places where the time difference between noon and 12:00 local time is much larger, making the official local time pretty useless for determining the Sun direction. If you want an UTC time in the distant future, more than a few years away, then you cannot know how much time will pass until then. The leap seconds are inserted randomly, you cannot predict when this will happen. The UTC time is known only for the past, more precisely for the past 60 years. For the future beyond a year, the UTC time is unknown. On the other hand TAI, which is a real time, not a conventional quantity determined by political decisions, is known both for the past and for the future. You are right that e.g. for scheduling meetings in the future, a different type must be used, whose meaning is "the time moment that will have this official name by then". This time should not be used for computing time differences with a resolution smaller than a day, before it becomes close enough to the present. Noon is when the Sun is at maximum height, so it is approximately half time between sunrise and sunset. The time of the noon varies from place to place depending on the longitude. In the beginning, every major town had its own local time, with noon at 12:00. After the time zones were introduced, noon should have been everywhere some time between 11:30 and 12:30. With DST, you can have a difference of up to 90 minutes between noon and the official 12:00, but there are countries which occupy more than one time zone, but do not bother to have so many time zones as necessary to minimize the differences between noon and 12:00, so there are places where there can be more than 2 hours between the true noon and 12:00. It does not matter how far east/west you are but only how the time zones are set in your country, together with the DST. If you would want to use the traditional boy scout technique of finding the south using a watch and either the Sun or the Moon, you would need to know the hour of the true noon in that place, otherwise the angular errors would be excessive. UTC is known in the future only as labels for time moments. You cannot compute the difference between 2 UTC times, at least one of which is a future time, with resolution of a second or less. So this does not have anything to do with TAI. On most hardware, the closed source components are optional. For example the only closed source component that I use is the NVIDIA driver, but I could use Nouveau, with lower performance. The real problem is caused by the hardware backdoors that cannot be controlled by the operating systems and which prevent the full ownership of the devices, e.g. the System Management Mode of Intel/AMD, the Intel ME and the AMD PSP. I have no idea whether this statistic is true or not, but "nearly 1 in 10 children in the US will be sexually abused" is an incredibly high number. I have no doubt that some cases of sexually abused children must have also existed in the environment where I have grown up as a child, in Europe, but I am quite certain that such cases could not have been significantly more than 1 per thousand children. If the numbers would be really so high in USA, then something should definitely be done to change this, but spying on all people is certainly not the right solution. Yes, "real" is the time from start to finish and for a multi-threaded program "user" and "sys" will be the sums of the corresponding times for all threads, so normally "user" will be many times greater than "real" in that case. His achievements are great, but the only reason why he could this without a cleanroom and with less pure chemicals is that he succeeded to find on eBay a batch of silicon wafers with the MOS gate oxide already grown on them. Growing the MOS gate oxide without extreme cleanness has no chance of succeeding. The difficulty of this process has caused a delay of many decades between the time when the MOS transistor was first imagined (in 1928 by Julius Edgar Lilienfeld, then also in 1935 by Oskar Heil) and the time when working MOS transistors were made for the first time, around 1960. Yes, that is the meaning. Yescrypt seems to be the best choice for creating password hashes for the case of servers that may need to verify a large number of passwords simultaneously. The reason is that computing the yescrypt hash requires a lot of work even when the hash is not configured to use much memory. In the case of servers that must verify simultaneously many passwords, it may not be possible to configure the hash function to use a large memory, as that would limit the number of passwords that can be verified simultaneously. On the other hand, for password-based key derivation applications, e.g. for file or file system encryption, where there is no reason to avoid configuring the password hash function to use a few gigabytes of RAM, other password hash functions are more appropriate than yescrypt, e.g. Argon2. Yescrypt has some significant improvements over scrypt, but it still inherits from scrypt the use of the PBKDF2 key derivation function. The PBKDF2 has some defects, but when it is used inside scrypt or yescrypt it is likely that this never has any practical importance. It just is ugly, because it is suboptimal compared to a key derivation function designed correctly. PBKDF2 was chosen intentionally, because it is specified by various standards, so the systems using it are easier to be certified for security purposes. While most NIST security standards are excellent, there are also cases when the standard solutions do not correspond in fact to the best practices. Besides PBKDF2 and other suboptimal key derivation functions, another historical example is the NIST standard for the modes of operation of block ciphers, where all the modes of operation described in its 1980 edition were already obsolete at that date. While for other applications it may be debated which is the best hash function, for replacing the Drepper hash functions (a.k.a. $5$ and $6$) which are used by most Linux and FreeBSD computers, there is no doubt that the sooner yescrypt (i.e. $y$) replaces those, the better. The Drepper hash functions were already obsolete in 2007 at introduction, because they were worse for all criteria than the existing older hash functions (e.g. bcrypt from 1999 or PBKDF2 from 2000). Replacing them with yescrypt (e.g. when libxcrypt is used instead of the older glibc functions), hardens the systems with minimal effort. Yescrypt includes the standard PBKDF2 function, so there can be no argument that it might be less adequate for security certifications than the ad-hoc Drepper hash functions. Other hash functions might be in fact better, but they are newer and they are not standardized yet, even if e.g. RFC drafts may exist, so organizations that want to follow standards may be reluctant to adopt them. I agree with you, except for the opportunity of getting rid of passwords. When its about company property, you might not care too much about the consequences so a solution without passwords can be fine. On the other hand, when it is about your personal data or devices, it may be unwise to trust anything else except the passwords stored in your head. If I would design myself some kind of security token with a microcontroller or better with a FPGA, I could trust it, but I could never trust any kind of commercial device to be free of backdoors or defects. So the most secure method for most people remains to memorize passwords. While C may be criticized for making it too easy to misuse pointers, for other features that are usually mentioned as security problems for C programs, e.g. out-of-bounds addressing and numeric overflow, the culprit is not the C language, but the manufacturers of the most popular CPUs, e.g. the Intel/AMD CPUs. On most modern CPUs, checking for addressing bounds or for overflow is too expensive and the software developers almost always choose speed over correctness. There have been a few C compilers with optional run-time checks for bounds and overflow, but almost nobody used those options for production code. Unlike the Intel/AMD ISA, there are other instruction sets which include a variety of exception conditions, for a cheap implementation of the run-time checks (e.g. the IBM POWER ISA), but even there I do not know if the most recent implementations of those architectures have efficient exceptions. CORDIC was great for devices that were too simple to include hardware multipliers. CORDIC, in its basic form, produces just 1 bit of result per clock cycle. Only for very low precisions (i.e. with few bits for each result) you would have the chance to overlap enough parallel atan2 computations to achieve a throughput comparable to what you can do with polynomial approximations on modern CPUs, with pipelined multipliers. CORDIC remains useful only for ASIC/FPGA implementations, in the cases when the area and the power consumption are much more important than the speed. In the high mountains there are many places that are not accessible to tracked vehicles. Moreover, of the places that are accessible to tracked vehicles, many are accessible only to small tracked vehicles, smaller than a typical car, and not at all to tank-sized vehicles. Also, the article has many too simplistic characterizations, which will be misleading for the vast majority of the people, who have not the foggiest idea about the history of Romania. For example "far-right military general Ion Antonescu, an all-too-willing Nazi accomplice". The former general and later dictator of Romania during WW2, is a human who has done many bad things, but also many good things, so it is not possible to describe him just in black-and-white as being good or bad. Despite other things about which he may be accused, there is no ground in calling him as either "far-right" or "all-too-willing Nazi accomplice". Antonescu imagined himself as a savior of Romania and he has chosen to become an ally of Germany for the same reason as Finland, to be able to fight against the Soviet Union and recover the large territories occupied by the Russians when they invaded Romania in 1940, immediately after France was occupied by Germany and Romania lost in this way its last ally. There is no evidence of Antonescu having any sympathy for Hitler or fascism, he was just forced to be friends with them in the attempt of reaching his objectives. Antonescu was forced to accept the Iron Guard as a partner, as requested by Hitler. Nevertheless as soon as he was able to convince Hitler to stop supporting them, he was happy to incarcerate the Iron Guard members or kill those who resisted. I do not know why he could be named as "far right". What was most characteristic for him was that he, as as former military, not politician, has always attempted to rule the country like you rule an army, i.e. by giving orders that must be executed by everybody without comments and he did not have much, if any, respect for the traditional democratic institutions and parties. However, this can be hardly considered as being either right or left. Many years ago, I have seen a news coverage about a visit made by a couple of USA senators in Romania. The senators gave a speech in which they condemned the war criminal Antonescu. I was astonished that the Romanian officials were so servile to USA that they did not try to correct in any way what the Americans said. All the crimes of which Antonescu was accused were true. Nevertheless, there was a problem with his labeling as a war criminal, because absolutely all the crimes on that list had also been done by the USA president Roosevelt, during the same time of WW2. So the correct action is to either consider that both Roosevelt and Antonescu have been war criminals, or that both have been war heroes, or better, to accept that both have been complex humans, who, during a time of war, have done both very good things and very bad things. (Regarding the list of war crimes of Antonescu & Roosevelt, that is quite long. However the most serious crime of Antonescu was ordering that the Jews should be sent in concentration camps, as suspected Russian collaborators. This was almost identical to what Roosevelt had done earlier, when he sent all the Japanese-American citizens in concentration camps, as suspected Japanese collaborators.) You do not know about what you are talking. Both Roosevelt and Antonescu have ordered a collective punishment for an entire ethnic group as a consequence of facts proven only for a few members of those group, i.e. a few agents recruited by the Russians from the Romanian Jews, respectively a few Japanese from Hawaii who provided assistance for the attackers of Pearl Harbor. In both cases, the collective punishments were not intended to cause any death, but in fact in both cases there were many premature deaths, which nonetheless cannot be directly attributed to Roosevelt and Antonescu but to those who were in charge at much lower levels. Obviously, leaders like Roosevelt and Antonescu should have been able to predict the consequences of their orders. With "Sending people to be murdered in concentration camps" you confuse Romania with Germany. In fact when Hitler asked all its allies to give him their Jews, to do what you say, Antonescu refused, unlike, for example Horthy, who has accepted Hitler's request and gave the Jews from the part of Romania occupied by Hungary to Germany. This is another example that "an all-too-willing Nazi accomplice" is an incorrect expression when applied to Antonescu. There is no doubt that the Jews sent to the Romanian concentration camps suffered a lot, but had they been sent to Germany for the "final solution", that would have been much worse. Also, the punishment of the Jews was not very different from what others suffered at the same time. Antonescu increased a lot the punishments even for various petty crimes. For example many Romanians were sent to labor camps for "disturbing the peace", e.g. by singing too loud and annoying thus the neighbors. After the WW2, it is likely that most Jews from Romania had relatives who had lost their properties or their lives or had suffered while in concentration camps, but the same was true for most of the ethnic Romanians or for any other kinds of citizens. I was born in Romania and most of my maternal family relatives have been sent by the Russians to labor camps in Siberia during the 1940/1941 winter, half of year after the Soviet Union invaded Romania. Both my maternal grand-grandfathers have been murdered in the labor camp. While the tragedy of the Jews during WW2 is very well known and some of their organizations have received significant material compensations for that, there have been millions of people in Eastern Europe who have had exactly the same fate like the Jews, but very few still remember that and they had never been compensated in any way. There is also little doubt that the fact that both Roosevelt and Antonescu were able to decide such identical collective punishments, without much hesitations, shows that both had some racial prejudices, so both considered the Japanese, respectively the Jews, as some kind of lesser humans, who do not deserve to be trusted so much and who do not have the same rights for justice as the "normal" people. Nevertheless, both Roosevelt and Antonescu have also done actions that benefited most of the people whose leaders they were, so they both must be analyzed taking into account both their defects and their qualities. The conclusions of the Wiesel report are somewhat doubtful, because its authors had the interest to blame the Romanian authorities as much as possible and there was nobody to check if the report truly matches the facts. I assume that the total number of deaths must be correct, but I doubt that most of them are due to "deliberate policies" of the authorities. It is likely that many might have been caused by things like the camp administrators stealing from the food intended for the detainees. Of course those are crimes, but not really indicative of "deliberate policies". Anecdotally, where my mother grew up, in Eastern Romania, a large part of her colleagues and friends, maybe a quarter of them, were Jews. Where I grew up, in Southern Romania, there were fewer Jews, but even so, in all the schools through which I have been, there was no class in which there was not at least one Jew. All the families of these Jew colleagues lived usually significantly better than the median of the Romanian families, so they did not resemble survivors of a persecuted community. I do not doubt that all of them must have had relatives who suffered during the war for being Jews, like also me or any other colleagues had relatives who also suffered during the war only for being Romanian or whatever other nationality, but one must not take the Wiesel report as documenting the extermination of the Jews in Romania. The number of Jews in Romania decreased dramatically only when Ceausescu sold them to Israel. First Basarabia was occupied by Russia for only one century, after a war with Turkey, who owned Romania at that time. After WW1, Lenin said that all the territories belonging to the Russian Empire may choose whether to remain in the new Soviet Union or no. To Lenin's dismay, Basarabia and the Baltic states said farewell to Russia. That was also true for other territories, but Lenin succeeded to reconquer the others. So Romania did not invade Basarabia, but Basarabia voted to go back where it belonged until a century before. When Russia invaded Romania in 1940, having a free-pass for that from Hitler, who had given the Baltic countries (including Finland) and Romania to Stalin, Russia not only occupied Basarabia, which had belonged to the tsar for one century, but also the Northern Bucovina, which had never belonged to Russia, and also Herta, which had also never belonged to Russia. When it is about any of Russia's neighbors, during the last half of millenium, the only aggressor has always been Russia, not its neighbors. Most individual Russians are very nice people and good friends, including many great engineers, scientists, artists and so on. On the other hand, the Russian government, regardless if under the tsar or under the communists, has always been composed only of a gang of thieves and murderers, and the Russian government has always been considered as such by all the Russia's neighbors and by all the people supposedly "freed" by Russia. I completely agree with you. Actually, after replying to the post above, I have searched the Wiesel report. While I did not have the time to study it now, the causes of death among those sent to concentration camps are listed as "typhus, hunger and cold". It is also said that most of these occurred during the first year, after which there was an increased supervision of the camps, which caused an improvement in the living conditions. Of course this is criminal negligence and it should have been predictable and preventable. However, it is not really a case of "deliberate policies", because the primary purpose of the criminals was not to kill the deportees, but to become rich, regardless whether this required making other humans to suffer or even causing their death. It is much older than that. If you interpret a random n-bit integer as random fraction >= 0 and = 0 and If you take the integer part and discard the fractional part, i.e. you keep just the upper word from multiplication, you get a random integer >= 0 and This was well known since the oldest times when pseudo-random numbers began to be used, i.e. immediately after WW2. At that time, before the introduction of the floating-point numbers, interpreting the binary numbers as fractions instead of integers was much more frequent. Using modulo became popular only in higher level languages, where it was more complex to write a double word multiplication, but it is clearly an inferior solution compared to using a multiplication for the same job. Moreover, the multiplicative method ensures that all the integer values possible for the result have the same probabilities, while with the modulo K method it is possible that the last value (K-1) has a lower probability (corresponding to fewer possible values of the input number), which is not what is normally desired. For ancient congruential PRNGs, the modulo method was even worse, because those PRNGs had the lower bits less random than the upper bits. You are right in general, but for the common case, when you want random numbers with the maximum value much less than the maximum integer that can be represented in a word, e.g. you want dice numbers or lottery numbers, the probabilities of the integers produced by multiplication are much more uniform than of those produced by modulo. If you would want a very wide range for the output random numbers, which is seldom the case, the comparison of the methods could be reversed. There have been many downvoters, who by downvoting have expressed their support for the official USA thesis, that the winner Roosevelt was a war hero, while the loser Antonescu was a war criminal. Everyone is entitled to their own opinions, but the truth is not established by votes. Supporting the official USA point of view demonstrates an inconsistent self-contradictory logic, because there really isn't any significant difference between any of the actions committed by Roosevelt and by Antonescu, there is a perfect match for each one. All human lives matter equally, it does not matter if they are of African-Americans, of Japanese-Americans, of Jews or of anyone else, all have the same value. So when Roosevelt and Antonescu both decided to intern all the members of an ethnic group into concentration camps, these actions can be blamed only equally. The same parity exists for the many other accusations against Antonescu. For example the next accusation in importance was that Antonescu has allied with the criminal Hitler during the war. This is also perfectly matched by Roosevelt, who has allied with the criminal Stalin, who had already done identical conquests in the Eastern Europe (Poland, Finland, the Baltic states and Romania) with the conquests made by Hitler in Western Europe. Both leaders have chosen to make these alliances, regardless whether they liked their allies or not, because they believed that those alliances are the only way to win the war against their respective enemies. During the war, USA has provided far more material aid to the Soviet Union than Romania has provided to Germany. Moreover, Roosevelt has paid the assistance of Stalin in defeating Hitler only in a small part with American money but mostly with properties that did not belong to the Western allies by giving Stalin the permission to plunder Eastern Europe after the war. So for this second accusation, Roosevelt also is not any better, if not worse. The same comparison can be made for any other accusations, with the same results of a perfect match. This should not be a surprise, because both leaders had the same purpose of winning a war and they both believed that any means to achieve that goal are acceptable. Therefore, in the same international context they did much of the same things. Like I have said, it is not right to consider any of them as either good or bad, but if one decides to label one of them in a way and the other in a different way, then that is irrational. Franco did little to affect people outside Spain and Morocco, so he is guilty mainly for what he has done to his own people. Mussolini cannot be compared to Antonescu in any way. Antonescu entered the war in 1941 only to recover the territories previously occupied by force by the Russians in 1940, while Mussolini was like Hitler and the Japanese, an initiator of wars against his neighbors, the only difference was that unlike the German and Japanese armies, the Italian army was incompetent and they failed to accomplish Mussolini's dreams of becoming a great conqueror. I agree that the fact that Roosevelt was equally bad does not excuse in any way Antonescu's actions, but it is annoying to see US officials blaming Antonescu without first looking into their own yard and see if they have any right to criticize others without presenting excuses for the actions of their own people. I would have nothing to object to a critique of Antonescu coming e.g. from Iceland or whatever other place not involved in those events, but any such critique coming from US officials appears far too hypocritical. All this discussion started from the quoted article where the epithets applied to Antonescu are either meaningless ("far right") or completely false ("all-too-willing Nazi accomplice"), instead of making any correct reference to his actions, including those that can be indeed considered crimes. Also, what you say "Hitler's aggression was significantly worse than Stalin's during the war" is false. The Russians were much more brutal in the territories occupied in 1940 than the Germans ever were in Western Europe. Later, the Germans behaved significantly worse in Russia and Eastern Europe than they did in Western Europe, but that only matched what was standard practice for the Russians. In the territories occupied from Romania, during the winter of 1940/1941, so before having any war with Romania, all the people that could be distinguished somehow from the masses, e.g. the teachers and anyone else with higher education, those who previously had any public jobs, all that had some properties, and so on, were selected and sent to Siberia to labor camps, i.e. they were turned into slaves, like during the wars from Antiquity. There the older people died, either killed by the guards when unable to work enough or due to illness. Many of those who were young and fit have survived, but they were never allowed to return to their homes, where Russian settlers have been installed and they live there until today. The Romanians from Siberia were not sent to the same places, but they were dispersed there over vast territories. Because of that, many years later, after they could leave the labor camps, but not the region, they were forced to settle and marry Russians, as there was no other choice if they wanted to have a somewhat normal life. The convention of declaring all the variables at the top originates in Fortran, so it is indeed very old school. When writing a program, I find it more convenient to declare the variables at the first point of use. Nevertheless, when reading a program written by someone else, I strongly prefer to see all the variable declarations together. It might be that this preference is caused by the fact that I mainly use C when writing programs for resource-constrained embedded environments and in such applications it is valuable to be able to estimate at the first glance to a function which are its memory requirements. What they meant by accuracy and precision was actually about which is the average value and which is the variance of the duration of a clock period. What you want is that both the average duration of a clock period is exactly a certain fraction of a second and also its variance is very small. However, you cannot have both in the same clock device. For atomic clocks, you know very well which is the average value, but the duration of the clock periods has a large variance. For sapphire clocks, the variance of the duration of the clock periods is very small but the average value is known only approximately. According to the terminology used in the article, someone who shoots accurately spreads the shots over a large area, but the center of the area is the same as the center of the shooting target. On the other hand, someone who shoots precisely sends all the shots through the same hole in the shooting target, but that hole is far from the center of the target. The result of the difficulty of having both high accuracy and high precision in the same clock device is that whenever you measure short times, you must use either quartz clocks for a cheaper solution or sapphire clocks for higher precision (or also hydrogen masers in the past, before the development of sapphire clocks). Because the average frequency of the precise clock is not known, you must either measure it periodically with an atomic clock and correct digitally the measurement results or you must use a PLL loop to adjust continuously the frequency to be in a certain ratio with the average frequency of the atomic clock. Now the units for almost all physical quantities (the few exceptions are those that are not dependent on time, length or force, e.g. angles and amount of substance) are derived from the unit of frequency. The frequency of an atomic clock with cesium has a conventional value, and the units for the other physical quantities, e.g. length, force, voltage, electrical current, temperature and so on are derived from the unit of frequency by conversion factors that are functions of various universal constants, all of which have conventional values chosen so that the units derived in this way are approximately equal with the units that have been used in the past. There is a difference between primitive physical quantities and physical quantities whose units are base units. The primitive physical quantities are those quantities that in a theory of physics cannot be defined as functions of other previously defined quantities. Therefore any theory of physics starts from a list of primitive physical quantities and the other quantities are defined using the primitive quantities. Sometimes, during the evolution of physics, previously unknown relationships between quantities are discovered, which cause a previously primitive quantity to be defined now using other quantities, so in the updated theory the number of primitive quantities is reduced. The most important examples of such cases are the discovery caused by the Oersted experiment that the magnetism is also produced by the electric charge and not by a distinct magnetic charge and the discovery as a consequence of the atomic theory and of the statistical physics that the temperature is not a primitive quantity but one that can be defined based on the distribution of the kinetic energy of an ensemble of particles. Examples of primitive physical quantities are time, length and force. When you establish a system of units of measurement for the physical quantities, some units are chosen arbitrary and are designated as base units. The other units are derived from them using the relationships that exist between physical quantities during various kinds of experiments. What confuses many people, including you, is that there exists absolutely no relationship between the quantities that are primitive and the quantities whose units are chosen to be base units. In a theory of physics, the number of primitive quantities is fixed, but the number of base units is completely arbitrary. There might be e.g. 10 primitive quantities, but one may choose to have 0, 1, 2, 10, 20 or 50 base units. Having too many base units makes the computations inconvenient, because in each relationship between quantities an extra base unit may introduce an extra arbitrary multiplication factor, a.k.a. "universal constant". The systems with too few base units are disliked by many people because the units for many frequently used physical quantities become either very large or very small in comparison with the usual values, or they just become too different from the traditional units used for those quantities. So the SI is a balance between these 2 conflicting requirements. It has much more base units than necessary but much less than the traditional systems of units that existed before SI. The base units are chosen so that it is possible to make some devices that realize the units with high accuracy and precision. Because of this requirement, the quantities with base units are very seldom also primitive quantities. For a very long time, the length was both a primitive quantity and one whose unit was a base unit, because you could choose some stick or rod as the base unit for length. Because any object has a length that is variable in time when measured with high precision, this had to be abandoned and the length does not have a base unit now (in reality it does not have a base unit, even if the SI definition attempts to preserve the illusion that the length still has a base unit). For time, it was never possible to keep with you a certain time so the base unit has always been not for time but for the period of a periodic system or, equivalently, for its frequency. In the beginning the periodic phenomenon was the rotation of the Earth, then it was the revolution of the Earth around the Sun, then an atomic clock. The unit of time has always been derived from the unit of frequency (or of period). The confusion for those who are not aware how the systems of units of measurement work is greatly enhanced by the definitions of the SI units, which, in an attempt to reduce the confusion (?!) define the units for the same physical quantities that were chosen to have base units at the creation of the SI, even if in fact most of them no longer have true base units. Even at the creation of SI, the time was named as a quantity with a base unit just because it is well known as a primitive quantity, even if the actual definition defined the time unit as derived from the unit of period and later from the unit of frequency. Today, the SI is obtained from a simpler system with much less base units by taking the derived units of various quantities, multiplying them with arbitrary factors chosen so that the new SI units match the older SI units and setting these multiplied units as the base units of the current SI. There is a very large difference between a very smart source code editor (e.g. Visual Studio Code) and a complete IDE. I consider the first essential and the second completely useless. For editing or just navigating the source files, the smarter the editor is, the better. On the other hand I have never seen any IDE where the management of projects (e.g. adding/deleting/moving/renaming files and setting compilation/linking options) and the compilation/building/running functions are as simple and fast as how that can be done without using an IDE (if you know how to do it in the right way). Especially the Eclipse-based IDE's provided by many vendors of embedded products are the worst offenders. I have wasted too much time with helping puzzled coworkers to find where in the hierarchy of IDE menus one could find whatever was needed. Even when knowing where to find the commands, using the IDE menus was many orders of magnitude slower than what I could do outside the IDE to perform the same function upon the project. The good editors for programmers, since ancient times, for example already in the BRIEF editor for MS-DOS, before 1990, provide means to attach arbitrary CLI commands or scripts to menus or keyboard shortcuts. Therefore, if you want you can invoke from inside the editor any commands needed for project management or for compiling/linking/running/debugging. So in the end you are right that a powerful editor can do what an IDE does, after some customization. The main difference with IDE's is that the project management provided by the IDE is normally non-optional, you are forced to always use it. In 30 years of experiencing a very large number of IDE's I have not seen even a single one where using its project management functions would not waste a lot of time comparing to non-integrated alternatives. I think that it is sad that only a very small number of developers know how to use correctly the ancient program "make". I do not know why this happened. To use correctly "make" I have never needed anything else besides reading the GNU make manual provided with gmake, but it seems that very few people read the manual. The only time when I had to write makefiles was more than 20 years ago, when I have written a set of universal makefiles, which I have been using unchanged for every software project ever since. For any new project I need to just (optionally) add a file with some extra definitions, e.g. a list of directories where the source files are located or the names of the executables or libraries that must be built. If no definitions are provided, suitable defaults are used, e.g. the directory with the Makefile also contains the source files and the target is an executable with the same name as the directory. The Makefile per target directory may contain just a single line, with an include directive for the universal makefile. The universal makefile searches all the source directories for all the possible types of source files, selects automatically the appropriate compilers based on the language indicated by the file name extensions and on the cross-compilation target if one is specified, generates automatically all the dependencies and so on. Instead of using "make" like this, almost all the open-source projects that I have seen have huge and immensely complicated makefiles that are much more difficult to read, understand and modify than the source files of the programs. When the makefiles are generated from templates, those are typically even more difficult to understand and modify. I have no idea who loves those extremely complex methods of compiling and building software projects. During the years, a lot of replacements for "make" have been introduced, which are better than "make" used wrongly, but I have not seen any which is better than "make" used rightly, without pointless complications. It is not published, but there is not really much about it, except exploiting most features provided by gmake. For easy maintenance, the universal makefile is split into 4 files that are completely universal + 1 makefile with extra definitions per each combination of operating system and CPU type that might be a target for compilation. The extra files for specific compilation targets, e.g. skylake-linux-gnu, armv7e-m4-none-eabi, i686-cygwin and so on, contain definitions for the names of all the tools that might be used, e.g. compilers for various programming languages, linking commands, librarian commands, binary file modification commands (e.g. objcopy), default locations for library files, default locations for include files, default values for compilation flags. The 4 completely universal files do not contain directly any command name or command flags or any file name or any directory name. They contain only variable names whose values are either defined in the operating system/CPU specific makefile or whose values are determined by the make command by scanning the project and by transforming the found files, e.g. by replacing the file name extensions. The 4 completely universal files are: 1. A file for the top directory of a complex project, which descends recursively in all subdirectories and runs there the given make command, if a Makefile exists in the subdirectory 2. A file with make targets. Examples of make targets: clean: $(RM) $(RMFLAGS) $(MAP) $(BIN) $(IMPLIB) $(EXE) $(LIB) $(WEXE) $(DLIB) $(RM) $(RMFLAGS) $(OBJS) $(OBJS:.o=.d) $(OBJS:.o=.lst) and all : $(EXE) $(LIB) $(WEXE) $(DLIB) The 4 variables above are the files to be built, respectively CLI executables, static libraries, GUI executables and dynamic libraries. As I have said everything must be expressed using variables that will be defined elsewhere. 3. A file with make rules, for how to build any kind of file that might be encountered. Examples of rules: %.o: %.c $(CC) $(CFLAGS) $(DEFINES) $(INCLUDES) -o $@ -c $ %.s: %.cpp $(CXX) $(CXXFLAGS) $(DEFINES) $(INCLUDES) -o $@ -S $ %.d: %.cpp $(CXX) $(CXXFLAGS) $(DEFINES) $(INCLUDES) -MD -o $(@:.d=.o) -c $ 4. A file with definitions, which is the most important in simplifying the makefiles needed for any new project, which are typically almost empty, because they do not need any other line besides including the universal makefile, even if I usually add a definition with a list of source directories, in order to separate the place where the project is built from the place where the source files are stored and possibly some options, e.g. building a debug version instead of a release version, or building for a cross-compilation target. Example how to determine the directories with source files: ifeq "$(strip $(SOURCE_DIRS))" "" SOURCE_DIRS := . endif ifeq "$(strip $(PREFIX_DIR))" "" VPATH := $(SOURCE_DIRS) else VPATH := $(addprefix $(PREFIX_DIR)/, $(SOURCE_DIRS)) endif Example of how to scan the source directories for source files written in a certain programming language: CPP_FILES := $(notdir $(wildcard $(addsuffix /*.cpp, $(VPATH)))) The list for every kind of source files is stored in a corresponding variable like above. For the source files that are compiled to object files, the list of object files that must be made is computed so: OBJS := $(CPP_FILES:.cpp=.o) $(C_FILES:.c=.o) $(SS_FILES:.S=.o) $(S_FILES:.s=.o) $(O_FILES) I use many more kinds of source files, so the OBJS above is just a shortened example. The operating system/CPU type specific makefile includes the 3 universal files with targets, rules and definitions and it also includes the automatically generated dependencies: include $(OBJS:.o=.d) so later only the specific makefile needs to be included, depending on the compilation target. There are many more details, but these are the general principles. They are intended to make me write as little as possible in the Makefile for a new project. If I do not define in the Makefile from the project directory what shall be built with "make all", then either an executable is built, having the same name as the Makefile directory, or another kind of file is built, if the directory has a special suffix, e.g. a static library for a directory ending in "_lib". When I add, delete, move or rename source files, I do not have to do anything for project management, except doing a "make clean" before that, because the next "make" will update the lists of source files. The main problem with patents today is that the patent offices validate too many patent applications that do not contain anything new or non-obvious for any professional in their field. Moreover, there are also many patent claims that are accepted and that refer to things that are either impossible or non-economical at the time when the patent is issued, but they are put in the patent to cover future devices that someone will be able to make after the current technological problems are solved. In the distant past, most patent offices required a demonstration with a working device in which all the patent claims were embodied, so such bogus patent claims against future competitors could not be accepted. Now, every year more patents are issued than anytime in the past, but most of them are just garbage that was not patented before just because everyone else would have been ashamed to attempt to file such patent applications. The number of truly valid patents issued per year now is actually less than in the 19th century or at the beginning of the 20th century. The same as for new movie scripts, it becomes more and more difficult to find something really original to which nobody thought before. It is impossible to find anywhere some statistics that will demonstrate either this opinion or its contrary beyond any reasonable doubt. Therefore I base my opinion only on anecdotal evidence. I have read carefully a lot of patents. I have read completely a few hundreds and I have browsed through the pages of a few thousands. I believe that few people happen to read so many patents, unless their job requires precisely this. The number of the patents that I have read has been distributed rather uniformly over the years since the start of the USPTO archive until today. Because the number of patents issued per year has increased steadily, that means that I have read a larger part of the early patents than of the most recent patents, which are probably too many for anyone to read, unless they choose a very narrow area of applicability. Besides a lot of junk patents, I have also read a lot of very valuable patents, which marked important points in the history of technology. However, all the really valuable patents that I have seen have been issued before 1980. I have read a few patents from the eighties that were somewhat interesting improvements of prior techniques, but I have never seen any really innovative patent issued after 1990. The patents that I have read were not chosen randomly, but they were found either by searching for the history of various important technologies or by following the references to other patents from the patents themselves. I believe that the patents that I have read are more likely to belong to the better patents, not to the worse. Therefore I think that the failure to find recent innovative patents in my sample is likely to be consistent with the low proportion of such patents in the entire set of recent patents. Not all patents are junk, many present competent solutions to various technical problems, but nevertheless they do not contain anything really new, they are just new combinations of already known techniques, that could be found after some work by any competent team that would be hired to solve that problem. Such patents fail the criterion for patentability of being "non-obvious for someone skilled in the art". There are also patents that do not cover actual inventions but discoveries of various useful things, e.g. some new alloy that was not predicted by some theory, but it was just found in a series of empirical experiments, or some bacteria that were isolated from some environment and that happen to contain a useful enzyme. Such discoveries are very valuable, but they do not have the novelty that they had much earlier when nobody had yet clear ideas about how to search for new materials or microorganisms. Now such searches are well understood and it is mostly a matter of having enough time and money to enable such a discovery. Maybe you have to do git clone --recursive According to the Intel patches to LLVM, the Gracemont cores and the Golden Cove cores as configured in Alder Lake support the complete Broadwell ISA (i.e. including things like BMI1, BMI2 and ADX, which were not mentioned in the presentations). Besides the Broadwell instructions, all the instructions supported by Tremont (the previous core in the Atom series of cores), but not by Broadwell, are also supported, plus VNNI from Cascade Lake and some of the non-AVX-512 instructions introduced by Ice Lake. That seems like a too stupid bug to have existed in a production system. However, there was a real problem a few years ago with some Samsung Exynos processors, where the cache line size was different between the big and the little cores. A few programs made assumptions about the cache line size and had weird behavior after starting on one kind of core, then being migrated on the other kind of core. I agree that the results might have been not too different if the lawsuit would have been settled earlier, but nonetheless, even a couple of years of delay for BSD was enough to let Linux mature enough to be usable for normal work, not only for experiments. If the initial toy version of Linux would have competed since the beginning with BSD, it might have been abandoned without further development. I have started to use both Linux and FreeBSD simultaneously, in 1995, after receiving some Slackware CD's with a computer magazine and after buying the FreeBSD 2.0 CD's. I have continued to use both of them until today, even if before 2003 ... 2005 I had been using FreeBSD much more than Linux and since 2003 ... 2005 I have been using Linux much more than FreeBSD. Even early Linux was nice, as long as you did not attempt to fight with X Windows to get a GUI and you were content with the CLI. However early FreeBSD distributions were in a completely different class of quality than early Linux distributions. The documentation of early FreeBSD was superb and it included absolutely everything that you would ever want to know. The excellent FreeBSD packet manager did not have equivalents in any Linux distribution, much less in Windows or Mac OS, and it provided useful applications covering most of the needs existing at that time. At least for the tasks that were important for me at that time, e.g. networking, the speed of FreeBSD was much greater than of both Linux and Windows NT. Early FreeBSD was also much more reliable than both Linux and Windows NT. For example, at that time I could not yet afford to have UPSes for all computers, even if I was located in a place with frequent power failures. The FreeBSD UFS with soft updates has always survived without problems after any power failures, while both the computers with Windows NTFS and those with Linux having early versions of the Linux file systems with journaling, have frequently become unbootable after power failures, despite the journals. So the increasing popularity of Linux was not caused by it being a better OS. I would guess that the popularity of early Linux was due to its distribution model. To experience BSD in a time when it was not yet feasible to make large downloads over the Internet, you had to buy the CD sets for either FreeBSD or NetBSD or OpenBSD. The CD sets were quite cheap in comparison to a non-pirated Windows copy, but they still required you to make a committed decision about that. On the other hand, to experience Linux, I did not have to do anything. At least in Europe, where I lived, a large number of computer magazines, which were still popular as an important source of information at that time, before everything moved on the Internet, came very frequently bundled with Linux installation CD's, so in a short time I got maybe a dozen of Linux CD's, without explicitly searching for them. If I had them, why not use them? While in the beginning FreeBSD was without doubt better than Linux, that changed in time due to the far larger number of Linux developers. The main problem of Linux and FreeBSD, then as also today, is that all peripheral device manufactures write Windows drivers for them but they do not publish their documentation and few provide drivers for Linux or FreeBSD. So in the following years after the initial introduction, more people have written reverse-engineered device drivers for Linux than for FreeBSD, so for any random computer it became much more likely that its hardware was supported by Linux than by FreeBSD. For example in 2001 I bought some motherboards with a VIA chipset for Athlon CPUs. I could not use FreeBSD on them, as I desired, because there were weird data corruption events, either on hard-disks or on recordable CDs. I had to use Linux, which worked fine. Later I discovered that the VIA Athlon chipset had a horrible bug in the ATA controller, which caused the data corruption, and VIA kept the bug secret. The Windows drivers included a workaround that serialized the write commands to the ATA controller, avoiding the corruption. Some Linux developer reverse engineered the VIA driver and added the workaround to the Linux kernel, while the FreeBSD kernel did not handle this quirk. There were many such examples that contributed to Linux becoming more and more popular. The turning point when Linux leapfrogged FreeBSD and began to have an increasing advance over it was around 2003, when Intel introduced Pentium 4 with SMT (a.k.a. Hyperthreading) and 2005, when AMD introduced multicore CPUs. In the beginning the BSD systems could not use more than 1 thread at all, so they were not able to use efficiently the new processors. The BSD systems needed many years to become MT capable. On the other hand, Linux had very quickly versions able to use multiple threads and then the kernel was improved at a very quick pace to become more and more scalable. Among the "historical principles of ownership" are those from the communist countries, where the individual humans had the legal right to own only things belonging to a very short list and nothing else. However, USA has claimed during decades that such restrictions of the rights of ownership are an abomination. Even if we would accept that this is just a modification of a contract between the "owner" of a device and Apple, if Apple would have acted in good faith, they should have offered that if you do not agree to let Apple run programs on your own device for their benefit, which was never mentioned when you "bought" the device, then Apple should fully refund everything that you paid for your device and other Apple services, so that you will be able to get an alternative device. As it is now, you either accept that Apple changes their "contract" at any time as they like, or you incur a serious financial loss if you do not accept and you want an alternative. This certainly isn't a "mutual, voluntary exchange". Yes, FORTRAN-80 was a Microsoft product, belonging to a suite of compilers and interpreters (e.g. COBOL-80, BASIC-80, etc.) for the operating system CP/M and for CPUs compatible with Intel 8080, e.g. Zilog Z80. These were the main Microsoft products before its involvement with MS-DOS. I have used FORTRAN-80 quite a lot, before being able to use an IBM PC compatible computer. An 8080 or Z80 was able to do only about 100 (@ 2 MHz) to 200 (@ 4 MHz) double-precision floating-point operations per second. When I was able to use for the first-time a PC/AT with an 80386DX @ 25 MHz with coprocessor, which could do 100 thousand such operations per second, I recompiled an older FORTRAN-80 program and its run time dropped from 1 hour on CP/M to a few seconds on the PC/AT. Obviously I was very impressed. Normally all furnaces or vacuum chambers where precious metals may evaporate have their walls covered with some metallic foil, e.g. aluminum foil (while the worked metal is heated at very high temperatures by the electron beam, the walls remain much colder), on which the precious metals lost during heating will condense. After a production batch, the metallic foil is replaced and the used foil is chemically processed and almost 100% of the precious metals are recovered. Osmium is the densest pure metal, but iridium has an almost identical density, i.e. 22.56 for Ir, vs. 22.59 for Os. The difference is far too small to give you a different feeling when holding a piece of either osmium or iridium. While osmium and iridium are the densest pure metals, there is a range of composition in the osmium-iridium alloys which has a slightly greater density than both pure osmium and pure iridium. That happens because the atomic concentration of Os is a little higher than that of Ir while the atomic mass of Ir is a little higher than that of Os. While increasing the proportion of Ir in an Os-Ir alloy from 0% to 100%, there is a range where the atomic concentration decreases slower than the average atomic mass increases, so the density of the alloy becomes greater than the density of pure osmium. At higher Ir percentages, the increase in atomic volume overcomes the increase in atomic mass, so the density becomes a little lower than for pure Os. Unlike pure osmium, an Os-Ir alloy would not be dangerous to handle. Pure osmium is slowly oxidized in air releasing the volatile and extremely dangerous osmium tetraoxide. In nature, the normal occurrence of both Os and Ir is as nuggets made of Os-Ir alloy, usually also containing ruthenium and very small quantities of rhodium. As others have mentioned, that band was not made of metallic tungsten, which does not shatter, but of sintered tungsten carbide ceramic, which shatters like any ceramic, even if not as easy as ceramic cookware. In 1990, the company where I worked bought some IBM PC/AT compatibles with 80386DX @ 25 MHz and a pair of 150 Mbyte Maxtor ESDI HDDs. At that time, having 300 Mbyte of HDDs in your PC was HUGE compared to more typical PCs, which had just a 30 Mbyte MFM HDD, usually from Seagate. That was the only time when I have used ESDI drives, but those were great for that time. When I left that company, six years later, all the ESDI drives from the 20 or so PCs bought in 1990 were still in use, without any failure. You are right, but for a few years, until IDE/ATA became available, the ESDI drives offered faster and bigger HDDs than anything available on the MFM Seagate interface, at still decent prices. Starting any network server process that uses ports under 1000, like most standard protocols (https, http, ssh, smtp, dns, ntp, dhcp etc.), requires root rights on any UNIX-like operating system. Most personal computers do not need server processes (unless you want to connect remotely to them), but your question was not restricted to them. 400 W See e.g. https://semiwiki.com/artificial-intelligence/302502-tesla-do... The more common distinction between functions that return values and procedures that do not return values is not important at all. On the other hand the distinction between "pure functions" and other kinds of functions or procedures is quite important. In many early programming languages, the "functions" had to be what now are called "pure functions". Later many languages relaxed the restrictions for "functions" allowing them to have side effects, but then the more important distinction was lost. Only relatively recently many languages began to provide again means to specify that a function is a pure function. For potassium there is normally no need for supplements. It is enough to eat more vegetables. The general population, especially in USA, is likely to eat not enough vegetables, so they may have low potassium because of that. Nevertheless there are old people who may eliminate too easy the potassium from the body. Those at risk to have this are typically old women who have taken during many years medication for high blood pressure. For old men taking medication for high blood pressure, the risks also exist, but they are much lower than for women. Those belonging to this risk group would better have a few times per year a blood test for electrolytes, especially for the sodium and the potassium concentrations in blood. Only when the potassium concentration in blood is found to be low even with a healthy diet rich in vegetables, then potassium supplements are needed. If potassium supplements are taken, chloride is not a good choice, because it provides excess chloride that is not useful. The salt eaten provides enough chloride. Better supplements are based on organic salts of potassium, e.g. lactate or citrate, which provide only potassium without anything else that might have unintended effects. Source: my mother belonged to this risk group. She developed hyponatremia & hypokalemia and it was a very tough job to determine appropriate doses per day of salt and potassium supplements while maintaining the blood pressure at acceptable levels with only small doses of blood pressure medication, as that increased the rate of elimination for sodium & potassium. Eating enough vegetables has many good effects, including providing an adequate quantity of potassium. Eating too little salt is as dangerous as eating too much salt. The usual recommendation is to eat about 4 to 5 grams of salt per day. The salt consumption can be a problem when instead of cooking your food with known quantities of salt you buy already processed food, which almost always contains excessive quantities of salt and sugar, because these are very cheap ingredients, which not only reduce the production cost, but they also improve the taste. So for those buying already prepared food, the normal risk is to eat too much salt. Those who make their own food, must also take care to not eat too little salt. The "pure" functions have different properties with respect to program optimization and program verification, in comparison with the functions or procedures with side effects. That is the reason why this distinction matters. The distinction between mutable and immutable variables matters for the same reason. Otherwise, the difference between a "procedure" and a "function" with side effects where you ignore the return value has no practical consequences. There are contexts where you do not care about the optimizations that can be done by the compiler or about program verification, but there are also contexts where you care. While what you say is correct, it is still better to use potassium supplements without chloride, because that gives you the freedom to adjust the sodium and potassium doses independently, without worrying about chloride. The daily requirements for sodium and chloride are strongly correlated, because their main use is to ensure correct concentrations of ions in the extracellular liquids, where sodium and chloride are the most abundant ions and they are used in proportional quantities. The main purpose of potassium is as as a positive ion in the intracellular liquids, needed to compensate the charge of the organic acids and phosphoric acid. Because of that, the quantity of potassium needed by the body is not correlated with the quantity of chloride needed, except weakly and indirectly, due to the normal range of ratios between the quantities of extracellular and intracellular liquids and the similar rates of renal losses. E.g. the USA Recommended Dietary Allowances. Due to the much more frequent cases of excessive salt consumption, the minimum recommended daily quantities are not emphasized, but I have direct experience with the effects of too low salt consumption. After having a stroke many years earlier, my mother was very concerned about HBP and she consumed low quantities of salt. That eventually caused serious neurological problems and many months were wasted because she was not diagnosed correctly in the beginning, the various symptoms being attributed to completely different causes. When the real cause was identified in the end, she very narrowly escaped death. 4 to 5 g/day is expected to be centered in the optimal range of daily salt consumption. The minimum daily salt consumption under which health problems may appear is obviously much lower, probably under 1 g/day. However, nobody has done any tests to determine the minimum requirements for humans, so the minimum threshold is not known, like also for all the other required nutrients for humans, because such tests would be dangerous for the test subjects. Initially, Ada had the restriction that the functions must be pure. The restriction has been lifted only much later, so what you say is correct for modern Ada, not for the original Ada. While gcc and other C and C++ compilers have non-standard extensions to specify whether a function is pure or not, I assume that an Ada compiler can recognize a pure function just by the fact that all its parameters are "in", so no extra keyword is needed. What is needed is that the pure functions must be easily recognized by compilers and other tools and also by programmers. Not only there is no need that the functions be restricted to pure functions, that is actually undesirable. AFAIK, unlike in C/C++, where pointers can make this task quite complex, in modern Ada it is still easy to recognize the pure functions. This might have a little more chances to be real than most such announcements, because this is not really "new battery tech". They use the same components that are traditionally used in some of the most popular non-rechargeable lithium batteries. What they claim is that they have found a special electrode construction and some additives that allow such batteries to be rechargeable. It remains to be seen if they will ever succeed to make these batteries survive enough recharging cycles to be competitive with the existing lithium-ion rechargeable batteries. The claim for much larger capacity is due to the fact that the normally non-rechargeable batteries have an electrode entirely of lithium, unlike the current rechargeable batteries which store the lithium in the pores of the electrode, so the quantity of lithium is much less than in the non-rechargeable batteries. While that is true, using it safely in batteries is a solved problem. The Stanford researchers have just found a method to modify the existing non-rechargeable lithium-thionyl chloride batteries, to become rechargeable. Lithium-thionyl chloride batteries have been used for almost a half of century in applications requiring the highest reliability and you can buy them easily from many stores. Minimal LISP requires a few more functions and special forms. Among the primitive functions, besides CONS, also CAR, CDR and the predicates ATOM and EQ are needed. Most LISP special forms (e.g. AND, OR, COND, SELECT, PROG2, PROG) can be implemented using the IF special form existing in Scheme, i.e. a conditional expression with only 2 alternatives. With IF, both conditional execution and operation sequencing can be implemented. In a more convoluted way, IF may be expressed based on LAMBDA definitions and function invocations, so it may be sufficient to choose those as primitives. Also something like EVAL and QUOTE are needed. The set of primitives may be different from those mentioned above, but they must include equivalent operations.