Dugg it, I think I saw you somewhere else a few weeks ago, metafilter? A stumble question for anybody who knows. I was getting a bunch of traffic from Stumble Upon and decided to throw up a digg button. Of course, it was late and I didn't test it properly, so it essentially broke my site and nobody stumbled it anymore. Once a site has been stumbled once, and not thumbed up, is there any way to get it going again? My site is www.hearwhere.com I commented on the blog, but really my comment probably belongs here. This is a great advertisement for SeedCamp, but I find it strange that SeedCamp/Y-Combinator/TechStars focus on people with ideas, pre-launch. Is there anything like this availble to first time bootstrappers who have just gone and gotten it done? Build/Launch/Revise - but it would be great to have access to these kinds of resources - lots of knowledge and a bit of money. Seems to me that once you've got a product out there, it's difficult to get small amounts of money to keep things going, and the publicity that YC etc. provide is unbeatable. Of course, it is an image to protect it from spammers, but how long until spammers use image recognition to get your e-mail? Thanks Maro, I had the map smaller originally, but the bigger map just seems more engaging. I do put markers on the map after you click on a result. I thought it would be useless to have a bunch of markers on the map first, as you aren't going to decide on a show based on the location, but it's good to see the location after. Thanks for the input. That's AWESOME feedback sawndrost. I'm not being lazy, but just haven't been getting that kind of feedback - tech meetups are not de rigueur in my hometown of Whistler BC. I'm not a huge fan of the look, and i've been tweaking and tweaking it. Even hired a designer, but we conflicted on a bunch of elements and this is what I ended up with. It's a shame the player isn't working. I haven't heard that yet, and that is the best part - listen so you can discover the artists. I specifically didn't want to populate the map with markers as it would just be full of markers, and you won't really decide to go to a show based on where it is, rather than who is playing, so I think the site would get just too busy with that. But I'll definately be working on everything else you mentioned. Kinda makes me wish I could take down this post for now and repost later. ;) didn't know I could do that. Completely new to working with the maps. I've made a few of the more minor changes you recommended (including the scrolling), and just uploaded it to the server, but I think the fonts/images, etc is going to take me some time. Probably won't get that sorted today. But you've really opened my eyes, shawndrost, I can't thank you enough. I'll be making lots of changes over the next few days I'm sure. I've been working on adding some social features beyond just sharing links on Facebook and Friendfeed - hopefully in the next few weeks. Hey Kp, date range is on the way, working out some bugs, but hopefully by the end of next week. There is a genre filter, but i need to pair it down, there are WAY too many options. Lots of other sites do the band search, not sure if I'll add that in, though you aren't the first to mention it. Lots of great UI ideas coming from this post. I'll be playing with LOTS of different ideas over the next little bit. I've noticed a few odd results creep in myself. I'll work on that. Thanks Yeah, this is the unfortunate effect of how the artists have entered there data into MySpace - not sure who I can fix that. When artists supply good data (which seems to be the majority), things work well. Google maps seems to default to the US when searching for locations, so I'm guessing that entering UK into a geo-search isn't a rarity for you.. is that right. I'll see if I can get some sort of filter that tries to pick the name with the greatest population or something. That makes much more sense. Have a good time at the show. The site works for Copenhagen 1081 shows listed. I assume you mean the geocoding couldn't find you? If it didn't find you on the first visit, i set a cookie for future visits so you don't have to type the address again. Hey JKent, At the moment this is an actual working interface for MySpace music. But I'll be adding more features in the near future which extend beyond that. utnick! I'm so disappointed the songs don't work for you. You're the second person to report that. I'm also on FF 3.0.1 & flash 9, but on XP - I'm probably going to make a big change so that this isn't an issue anymore, but it might take a week or so - hopefully not more. Hey Louisloius, Apprently your comment points to our opposing attitudes, as I commented on mixturtle that you had too much below the fold. ;) I don't think users should have to scroll to see content, particularly when there is a sub-scroll and a map. I think it would suck if you scolled down, selected an address, had to scroll back up to get to see the location, or the player(I originally had my player inline like you have on mixturtle, but wasn't a huge fan of it that way, preferring the consistent location for the control). Having said all that, your site looks way better than mine, so I definately take your critique seriously. I've already started piecing together a new layout, but with the additional features I have coming, it is only getting heavier. :( My original had the map seperate form the controls, and I may return to that. Thanks - hope all is going well with mixturtle. After the absolute DESTRUCTION i've taken over the design here - which is GREAT, i don't want design holding this back. I've updated the look - actually reverted to an old look with some of the input changes made from recommendations here. I hope this one is better recieved :) Still has some tweaking to be done, but a few simple changes give it a whole new look. Hope you like this one better. I'm going to have to do some playing with this Maro - you could be right about clicking meaning you go to another page. I'm not sure. I changed the layout yesterday to a smaller map. it definately cleans things up, that's for sure. I have no idea why my logo is pixelated, but thanks for pointing that out. Web-searches aren't getting me anywhere in resolving that yet. In photoshop I'm doing the 'save for web' at 72 dpi, so I thought that was supposed to take care of that. Any ideas? With the beating my site review took yesterday, I'll clearly be spending a ton of time in your design section, and I clearly need help in the marketing as well. Great resource. Your javascript scroll-up (I'm assuming that's what it is) isn't working on my XP/Firefox 3.0, so the page is littered with lings and huge. Assuming this is your site toddo... This is interesting. Twitter limited the length of its posts (i believe) due to limitations in SMS and Texting. What you have done is to put a limitation on users just as a product differentiator (I believe). This is actually more innovative than I believe you will probably be given credit for. Forcing people to be concise and get to the point, but now allowing for a new medium. Nice work I like the nice clean lines - above the fold anyway, then I think it gets confusing as you scroll down and the main articles move left, and what I think are less popular articles (thinner items) move into the center. Your eye doesn't go smoothly down the page. Also, as you probably know, most people won't customize the news sources, so maybe do that as an accordian or something like that. That would also make the 'people in the news' section move up the page nicely. It may also be more interesting if you could add images to the article listing. Good work, and good luck. I've been using hostip.info, but have had mixed results - it's free. I suspect i'll be moving to a paid service in the future. What do you mean by 'custom'? Have you looked at the open Alexa, Yahoo BOSS, or other search engines that allow you to interact with them programatically? Hey mstefff, you've clearly done a good ob with the PR so far, getting yourself on Lifehacker and Webware - any tips on how you managed that? I've also always been curious as to what % increase sites see as a result of getting on Lifehacker, and how much of that traffic remains visitors a month later. My initial reaction to your site (this time around, I couldn't really make much sense of it before) is that it likely just isn't sticky enough. Though I agree that the 'communities' are way over done, you've included a sign-up to customize option, so you are gathering user details. Your site has the opportunity to serve users who have signed up, and those who have not. You don't have to be a social network to be a community, but I think you should be leveraging the 'community' that you have. For instance - when I come to your site now, it offers me the opportunity to sign-up, or to click on one of the above icons. Wouldn't your site be stickier if when I first come to the site it tells me what you suspect I am looking for? I'm not much of an investor, but your users should be, therefore I should be able to come to your site and be shown a few things that the community is currently finding interesting. Everybody benefits from that kind of stuff- new users and return visitors. As I see it now, i can get quotes and news from a number of sites. But if you were to aggregate into a popularity list somehow (it can be done!), or recent activity, etc. that might bring people back to your site more often. Doesn't have to be a social network, but even the news sites show you stuff they think you'd be interested in right off the bat. Right now I go to your site and i have to decide what I want to look at. You're probably loosing people right there. Hey Okeumeni, How many 'vertical' search sites is intelliverb going to be launching? Maybe it would be better to provide HN with a list of all the sites, rather than an individual post showing off another one of your sites every day. Particularly as the sites are all the same with the exception of the logo and each serving a different vertical market. I posted a 'rate my start-up' for HearWhere.com a few weeks ago. The feedback I got was brutal, but awesome! I've made some minor changes as a result, and have been working on a major release. Of course I saw a small increase in traffic as a result of the post, which dropped off quickly, within a few days. I'm not a lawyer, but had to do a bunch of legal research regarding this topic for some of my sites. I think what most of the responses so far are missing is the importance of accrediting the content to the content owner (likely the site, not the contributing users), and providing a link to the source. Check out this pdf http://www.law.berkeley.edu/journals/btlj/articles/vol16/sab... ">Sableman's authorized linking and search on Google v. Perfect 10. You haven't really given much to go on with respect to what you are scraping, and what you plan to do with it. But I think a bunch of common sense and ensuring that your site in no way harms the original source's site (defamation, etc), are the most important things to consider. Hope this helps. I think what you are going for is something like viewzi's screenshot presentation of search? But maybe not, your 'Usage' page says I can use your service as a host for screenshots? Either way, I entered a site, and even looking at your gadget demo, all I'm getting is 'screenshot is queued for processing. Maybe you are getting tons of hits right now, but unfortunately, this seems to me to be much more difficult than just grabbing a screenshot and hosting it myself. Maybe you can expand for me on why I would use this. I think I'm missing the point. I suspect I'm not the only one. if you want to do this kind of stuff, why not go with Yahoo BOSS or something similar. You could theoretically do some of the sorting you were hoping to do. I'd be tempted to add TC, Mashable and the like to that as well. Though the stories are good, how many HN readers also visit those sites anyway. Maybe a grey-list for anything linking to those sites, and then one of the top 100 users needs to vote it up in order for the article to be white-listed? Something like that? Unfortunately, that means that the most dedicated users are burdened in cleaning things up for the rest of the community, but by definition, they are already dedicated and would probably/hopefully like the site cleaned up for everybody. I'm curious where the 'Rate my start-ups' fit into this? Do people like them? Or do you find this to not be the best venue to view them. I posted my start-up here and the feedback I got was amazing, but that doesn't mean the community wants that stuff here. my initial reaction to this was 'what does the carrier pigeons paragraph have to do with anything'? This doesn't tell me anything about what the site does, and you almost lost me there. Then I decided to go back and take a deeper look because I thought it had something to do with mapping (even after reading the full title - short term memory). So if I were you (and I assume you posted it here for feedback), I'd tell people what the site does right at the top, and though PingMyMap is a pretty good domain name, i think it is not great branding because it is a distant metaphor for what you are doing. 'searchenginerefresher.com', or 'ichangedmysite.com' (both available, i just checked) or something along those lines would probably be better. When i hear 'map', the last thing I think of is sitemap, and you don't want it pinged, you want it indexed. I'm not a fan of the design either, as it has a dirty and old look to it, and I would suspect you would want users to think you were on the cutting edge, rather than a relic. Michael, Neither of the options you have provided would equate to 'giving up'. So I would give a definate NO to giving up. Treating your project as a research project does not equate to giving up. I don't know enough about this market/competitors/technology/market size, etc to define what you should do going forward. The question I think you should be asking is 'is this a viable business'. I suspect most of the YC community who are telling you to go for it! are potentially speaking from a start-up attitude of 'live the dream' etc. etc. They may be right, but not every business is a good business. Your technology might be the best out there, I just don't know. Personally, I wasn't blown-away by the demos, but I'm not saying that to be harsh, just that from my perspective, I'm not seeing your competitive advantage. You've put a bunch of work into this, and it may be the best in the market and able to make a significant contribution to the world. Does your university have a business school, or entrepreneurs club or something? Maybe you could get somebody there to help with defining the market and business planning. Maybe you can give us some insight into what your differentiators are. What is going to make Begin Up different from say 'killerstartups, launchfeed, etc. the challenge in this space for anybody is getting enough users to make the community valuable. I think something like this is needed, but in many ways already exists, but doesn't have enough traction to make it effective. For example, on killerstartups, nobody ever leaves comments, but the site does decent traffic, so personally I find the value of the site to be minimal. I agree with aaroneous - digg meets YC news = YC news. going to the site now, the 'Top Chat Rooms' is empty, and I don't see any other directory of chat rooms, and the tags is also empty. Makes it pretty difficult to give you any feedback. I think having the 'my settings' so prominently focused on the bottom of the page is a bit of overkill. Better to have that link to another page. But without any content, it is difficult to give a review. I'm not a qualified expert, but it does somewhat depend on the market you are after, how integrated ads are in the site, etc. For example (assuming standard banner ads), if you are talking about using adwords for content based ads, you are likely going to be looking at a $1-4CPM (is my understanding). However, if you are more of a social network tool, etc. it seems the CPM's are MUCH lower, in the 0.05 - 0.75 range. If you provide a solid branding opportunity for advertisers (likely targeting a very specific market), you could be looking at a $7-9CPM. This is what i have gathered from my limited research and discussions with friends in marketing. though this article starts out well, I seem to be missing the connection to the conclusion Adam (the author) draws. He seems to be insinuating that the Pioneer mentality should bootstrap, while Settlers should go for Investment/Acquisition. Buy I really don't think these things are as seperate as Adam insinuates. What about bootstrapping until you are ready for investment/acquisition? Isn't that the more common path? Are these things really that different. I don't have an iphone, so haven't checked out the app store yet. But i assume Apple has built some iPhone review stuff into the store, seeing as they went to all the trouble of building the 'most popular app', 'most popular free app', etc. I think you are building for a very small niche market and would have difficulty gaining significant advertising dollars and page views. I should have mentioned in the previous post that my understanding is that without a 20k+ views per day it is VERY difficult to get sponsors on your site. The 'iPhone app review' portion could be a part of a larger service offering 'all things iPhone' (though I suspect this already exists too) - sell cases/protectors, bluetooth headsets, etc. via Amazon and get affiliate commissions, maybe there are other revenue streams for you as well. My gut instinct tells me that you are in large company and will be fighting for a miniscule portion of a moderate pie. But don't trust my gut, do your research, you may be on to something, or your research may lead you to even bigger fish. Your thoughts on 'back-up market of companies who wish to advertise to affluent consumers' misses the targeted point of the value of the CPM is based on the ability to offer advertisers more than just a place to put an ad in front of affluent potential customers. I believe that if the advertising is off-target, your CPMs would be significantly lower. Also, i doubt the app store will have the long-term success it has seen in the short term. When was the last time the average (non-geek) friend of yours bought an app for there computer? When was the last time YOU did? Look at Facebook apps. All the rage when facebook launched, then everybody got sick of them. Maybe do a comparison of how many facebook apps are launching now vs. a year ago. That should be a good indication of where the App store is going (in my opinion). There is very little that needs to be done natively on the device these days. We'll likely have a hybrid of web/native but I hope a few plugins will provide all the native code necessary to run most apps (I'm thinking about writting a plugin myself). But lets do a bit of research anyway to get you moving further along. I google searched for iPhone apps and got a bunch of sites doing reviews - then put apprater.com & appsafari.com into compete.com to get a monthly page views estimate. AppSafari shows about 57k visits/month and apprater shows almost 18k/month. So reviewing the more successful site - that 57 views for 4.5 pages per user - about 8.5k page views per day X $7CPM = $60 per day. HOWEVER, I'd say that is a VERY high estimate. Maybe you can do a MUCH better job than appsafari, but they are already in the market and have a surprisingly high number of eyeballs for what there site offers (personal opinion). You are also competing with sites such as CNET, etc which have iPhone app directories. Having said all that. I've launched my start-up "HearWhere.com" into a market where there is already an incumbent, and more joining on a regular basis (even a YC supported competitor). I have a competitive advantage and felt the competitors offerings were weak. I'm hoping to launch a new version of the site into Beta late next week which will put even more distance between myself and competitors. What I'm saying is that if you feel you have a true competitive advantage or opportunity to differentiate yourself in this space, then go for it. If you're not sure about separating yourself from the bunch, than you probably have more work to do. An idea I read today through YC relating to Google (I can't remember exactly which article I read) - basically said don't go after revenue, serve the market first, then go for the revenue. I like that you are planning ahead to make sure the revenue will be there, but I think that may be a bit premature unless you know that the market exists first. Don't just assume that because appsafari has 60k visits, that you'll get the same. Getting people to switch is going to be the biggest challenge for you, and appsafari isn't even the biggest fish to fry - CNET, Wired, etc I suspect are all in this space as well as it already feeds into there user base. Hopefully somebody more experienced than myself will be able to give you further help and direction with this, and even refute what I've said. a few things I'll have to disagree with you on. 1) I never questioned the viability of the platform - this is definitely something that can be made. I do question the viability of it as a business if you are relying ONLY on ad revenue. However, adding additional revenue streams will increase the value and possibly serve your market better than advertising. My initial reaction is not 'this is going to be a star', but you could have a viable business here, I'm not your target market, and can't relate to what you are doing. You probably don't read mtbr.com or pinkbike.com, I do, you might not have thought those to be viable businesses, but they are. 2) I'd suggest re-reading your paragraph which starts 'My reasoning...'. firstly, who reads reviews for something they aren't keenly interested in? and the only people I know who have iPhones have them, but use them just like any other phone, meaning they don't install apps, or read about iPhones etc.. I have a blackberry and don't install applications, I don't look at blackberry focused sites AT ALL, and I am a geek! secondly, you can't just take the total number of phones and say that is the potential market. Everybody uses toilet paper, but the market opportunity is not 9 billion people. iPhone and Android are not the first players in this market. I'd take a closer look at sites that do what you are thinking of doing for Windows Mobile, Blackberry and Symbian devices (even though you have identified differentiators, look at what has been done to help define opportunity size). These devices already have a larger user base with 118 million devices sold in '07 so 10 times larger than iPhone currently. Also, don't be fooled by Apple marketing/PR and the way the numbers read. 10 million devices sold is more like 7 million users. I had gone through 3 iPods before most people had bought their first one, fanboys buy the newest thing they can get. Also, the planned obsolescence of mobile devices is 18 months, so when they say '100 million sold in two years', that likely means 50 million users. It's not how many devices HAVE been sold that matters, it how many devices came onto the market in the year (or 1.5 years) that is the important figure in mobile (I've done some mobile consulting). So i actually just tried this with Blackberry and Symbian, and interestingly, the largest sites I found (quick search) has about 40k montly visits. Similar to the size of the top iPhone reviews site. This suggests to me that opportunity size is in the 30-80k range. Something to think about...are more people going to use read/write reviews BECAUSE your site is better? or are you going to be getting users from other sites because your site is better. It's an important difference, and will help estimate market size. For my site, I postulate that finding live music and deciding to go see a concert is a poor experience, but that if people had a better way to find out who's playing, sample the music, etc. they would go see more shows. So for my site, I say 'with a better experience more people on a whole will use an online tool to accomplish this task'. Rather than saying 'I'll be able to grab x amount of users from other sites which do similar things, but don't offer as good an experience'. You've defined the opportunity where current sites are missing the boat, so that's good. You've got a target you are aiming for. You'll find more opportunities as you dig into this I'm sure. You'll also find challenges to things like categorization and taxonomy - who knows, maybe you've already got a solution to these challenges. What I think is interesting is that I suspect that as you go down this road, you may find greater opportunities than you are originally planning. Categorization can be VERY challenging, it is something I am struggling with on my site (your electronic music example is perfect!). So if you have identified a method for managing categorization, maybe the app review site is just an opportunity to flush out managing categorization, and maybe that will be your long term business. I can't answer your last question about 'will it be enough'? Only you and your partner can decide that. If you have the ability, I would suggest building something and getting it out there while hanging on to your day job. Building is often the easy part, the challenges can come in actually getting people to use your site. If you build something great, maybe you can make a living, maybe you can get investors involved. If you don't build anything, you likely won't get either. Costs of developing something like this should be very low (hopefully you will code it up yourself). This would probably be a good opportunity to try something like google app engine. There is no reason for them to use an iPhone, but I'm sure there is a ton of unsold iPod Touch devices they could use. I assume the functionality shouldn't be too difficult for them to port, as it is likely mostly web based (they aren't storing the store in each device I'm sure), all they would need would be an add-on to scan barcodes and a program to translate them. In PHP i've used both SendMail and SwiftMailer. Both seem to do a decent job of getting mail delivered into mail and not marked as spam. Pandora could license their Music Genome (back-end that decides what tracks get played), to other companies, or go the 'songza/mixturtle/skreemr/seeqpod route and just link to music which is already freely available. They tried going the considerate route and payed the highest royalty fees to the labels. Pandora has tried to do everything on the up and up, and they just keep getting battered because of it. I think how the community defines itself should drive the decisions of what gets submitted. How would you describe 'hacker news' to a friend who hadn't heard of it before. I'd say 'it's a social news site like digg or reddit, but it focuses on cs/it/hacking and start-up technology news'. I think having a tagline which describes hacker news might guide new members to post appropriate items. If you came to Hacker News and didn't know what it was all about, you might be inclined to post anything. But as rokhayakebe said, the quality is pretty good, now maybe it's just a matter of keeping it that way. My gut reaction is that there should be a non-technical solution, rather than a 'password sharing site'. The concept of 'password' and 'sharing' goes pretty much against what people 'should' be doing with passwords. I'm not familiar with any systems which don't allow more than one 'super-user' account, so I'm wondering why you wouldn't just have more than one 'super-user'. One account for you (as the main responsible party), and one 'super-user' account to be used in emergency situations only, which can be provided to the site/app/server owner. Would that not solve the problem you are attempting to address? so that sad and unfortunate thing seems to be that we all keep falling for it. And the more we comment, the more people are baited...ooopps, my bad :( A pretty horrible list with maybe a few bright spots (mint, freerice). The list really shows how heavy the style/shopping environment is. Not sure if this actually reflects the popularity of this space, or just that there are too many start-ups? If I were you I wouldn't mention competitors and how you differ, as you are then 1) promoting competitors and 2) branding yourself vs. the competition, rather than just defining yourself. Having said that. my quesion was specifically, how many people are going to be reviewing the site for $450? Different people take a different view of websites/apps, so having a small group of users is a huge benefit, vs. being reviewed by just one person. I wouldn't want to watch 210 minutes of video, but for $450 would expect the video (or whatever else you supply) would be shortened to the most important feedback, and maybe have the full video available if a client wants to watch it. I would have said that I might have been a potential client, but with only one person reviewing the site, I don't see the value being inline with the cost. I wasn't familiar with parameterized sql, but am looking closer now. Initial searches are not providing much as a guide. Anybody have any good links to resources? The best I found was http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/archives/000275.html but I'm hoping to get something that better describes what I should be doing with parameterized sql. Thanks Maybe you could clarify what you mean with an example. Are you looking for data that already is geocoded? if so, what type of data are you looking for? Or are you looking for ways to geo code data that you already have? I think looking for data that may or may not exist is the wrong way to go about your mash-up. Hopefully you already know what you want to mash. I wouldn't quote this article, or even use it as a guide. 'Over 30' is far to broad a demographic, and phone companies are targetting devices to different age groups. I would suspect the iPhone market is targetted at 18-40 year olds (though more heavily in the 18-30 range), while blackberry is working on 30-50 range. Just like most technology, the younger the user, the more features they are going to use. But saying 'Over 30' is pretty meaningless. 403 permission denied error. Keen to see it though :) Aren't most of these sites using 'Demo' as the launch platform? Therefore, why would they be expected to have more than this up before they launched. Maybe the policy of releasing the list of Demo presenters on the weekend before the conference is more the problem than the presenting sites websites. Would Scoble have been pissed if he showed up at the Olympics in June and there was no sports going on? Patience young grasshopper. I went back to this and it is pretty good. I definately like the look with tilt disabled, but unfortunately you lack a bit of depth when that happens as all of the 'behind' images have the same height. I think you could do a few things to make this look better. 1) have the height of the images fall away more with 'tilt disabled' 2) have some sort of shadow effect with tilt enabled and disabled to show more depth. Also, transition from one item to the next is smooth, but when you jump two or more items, it becomes very jerky. Maybe slower animation would help this. But nice work. I'm sure that is a very challenging project. My first reaction was - ok looking site...what is it, so you hit it right with the wwwaaa???? I took the time to find out what you are doing as I am in this space as well (launching a new version today too). I think you should put on your main page somewhere what you are doing, who it's for, etc. Even after being to your site and reading your 'about' page, as a consumer, I'm not sure why I would go. That needs to be made clear I think. A month and a half ago I posted a "rate my start-up" post here on YC, and the response was amazing. I went back to the drawing board and rebuilt the site. Unfortunately two features haven't made it in yet (select a date range, and get a better way to manage genres), but there have been MAJOR changes to what the site offers and how it works. Thanks to all who commented originally, hope you like the new version, and I'm keen to get any feedback on what I can do to make it better. Pete Thanks Max, First off, let me apologize for the stupid mistake with the 'next' page not working. I think I've fixed it now. Testing this morning after google launched a new version of the Map API which broke my site, so ...anyway, my bad...bad me... I laughed at the 'favicon colors suck' comment, I just haven't had a chance to get a good new favicon going, so I left the old one. I have two questions for you 1) what would I do with the avatar I would create? you mean for a new logo? or as an avatar? or just stick it somewhere?? 2) the site should have shown you musicians in your town, if google could't find you by IP address, than it would show you everything. Or were you saying that it wouldn't show you this or next weekend because of the 'next' buttons not showing up? Hopefully I'll be able to get 'date ranges' going in the next few weeks, but if you select the 'day' from the filter, it should give you the shows in your area. Thanks again for the comments. I likely won't be doing a FULL redo of the site again, but I'll be doing another review and will be making more changes of course. there is always more to come. by weekly digest, I'm guessing you mean - what's coming to my town that suits me? If so, I sure hope so. Very challenging thing to do (I think), but I love a good challenge! thanks for the comments shawn, unfortunately ads can't go on 'secondary' pages (I'm pretty sure) as you aren't allowed to load adsense in an ajax request (terms of use). When you say 'kill one of the artist sections' you mean kill one of the styles? or actually get rid of a section? I might not be understanding what you mean by orange-top, which you mention twice, but I'm guessing you mean the artist you just selected which shows with an orange bar at the top? I think people might get lost if I don't show them what the artist is that all the new data is pointing too. I think you've filtered out some of the best stuff, I personally really like all the ask stuff. Having one image of the site being linked too on the left with the content on the right or something might make it easier to skim the content, and right now you have a bunch of html mark-up in the content which of course makes it difficult to read. The number of votes and comments I think is also key. with thin film solar printed on plastics that I'd guess are about as thick as the e-ink itself, why wouldn't you just go solar. Who tries to look at a magazine in the dark? Good to see e-ink actually getting out in the market now though. I used crowdspring for web design and had an amazing experience. They have sections for logo design as well as other design services. cool concept with the swyping, but isn't it time for something better than the qwerty layout for this? though my fingers have learned where to press on the keyboard, I don't think my mind would be as good at swiping across like this. seems that the names Jobs and Gates are getting closer to being used interchangeably. I had similar issues with my site (though I think it looked a damn site better than yours), trying to read your site, my eye is just going all over the place. I think you are killing usability by not making things clear and simple. I used crowdspring to get a new design on my site. Costs a bit, but well worth the time and effort. I was considering a similar issue not long ago and decided on one call for the following reasons 1) user percieved speed - I can't control the users bandwidth, or memory, and two ajax calls means two pages being retrieved by the users browser, and then two different functions to place those pages into the users browser 2) error handling - what if there is an error with the image or comments? the user will get one portion returned, and not the other (minor disconnects happen all the time and usually it isn't detrimental, but the more ajax calls, the more opportunity for failure). In the end I decided to do one ajax call and the split the returned data into two strings and place them on the page. You can check out the results at www.HearWhere.com Also, if you are always getting the image with related comments, I would suspect that they would both go within the same area/div of a page, so why split them? I believe this is what they use in large cruise ships for stability. Hey Llama, I've seen you guys before as I used to work for a competitor. Nice to see you moving in this direction. Unfortunately, the site isn't playing any music for me :( Are you limited(or limiting) play to just within the US? I tried about 7 different stations, and got nothing. Nice clean design though. It has become my browser for browsing, while FF has become my browser for dev (because of FireBug). Once FireBug works in chrome, I suspect I'll switch over completely, can't imagine what would keep me on FF. You haven't given much to go on without saying what your app is doing. It is strange to use a completely non-text page. However, my app HearWhere.com is a live music search site, so Google would have a difficult time making any sense of band names, dates, and locations. However, google ad words (as well as their competitors I'm sure) use meta tags to get an idea of what the page is about. With respect to your comment about the adsense crawler not seeing the same page the user sees after logging-in, the crawler doesn't pre-crawl your page (as far as I know), I'm pretty sure google looks at the content at the time the page loads and then goes to get the ads. So I'd give it a shot, put it on your testing server and see how things go. I don't know that enterprise technologies are undervalued at HN, as much as they often cater to a smaller market. My side project (to my main start-up which is my main side project) is enterprise focused, and I'm sure I'm not the only one. But enterprise is rarely as interesting as consumer. Doesn't mean not useful or interesting, just not AS interesting. the purpose isn't to show getting data from wikipedia. this can be done with any html table I've been thinking about this lately. I suppose because similar to Adam, my start-up is music focused so music is a big part of my life. And because HearWhere.com (my start-up) is focused on connecting people with live music, I see and hear the enormous volume of musicians trying to make it. But start-ups do/should have groupies. You just don't get to actually SEE them. But I (and I assume other start-ups) regularly get e-mails of support from users. That's fan-mail! Those are your groupies. Better than just telling you how great you are (like band groupies do), e-groupies (or start-up groupies) give you ideas on how to improve. They tell you what they would like to see. They tell you what works, and what doesn't. They are the dedicated fan base. If you don't have them, find them. Make sure there is a way for them to contact you. If after a few months, you find that they truly don't exist, then maybe (just maybe) you are the equivalent of a hobo with a harmonica thinking he's a rock star! This doesn't seem so much to be 'What if the US Collapses' as 'How the US is like the USSR and why that will lead to a similar collapse'. However, the USSR was not a free-market system, and there was very little incentive it seemed for citizens of the USSR to band together and solve problems. Are there similarities between the US and pre-collapse USSR, sure. But the human mind is great at finding similarities and patterns. Postulating that the US will collapse JUST as the USSR did is a stretch. The US may fall from it's height of power relative to other nations of the world, but a full collapse in the near term I think is unlikely. Of course, every empire falls at some point, and I suspect we have seen the height of American power, but the American way of life is far from over. By the way, I'm Canadian! I think the article, and the above response are both reactions in the 'to a hammer, everything is a nail' analogy. And as I use to say to my father, it only works for the hammer! These two solutions are only address small parts of somewhat unrelated problems. Will more start-ups strengthen the economy? likely! Will more phd create more technology for the start-ups? likely! But what is missing is the scale of employing thousands if no millions of people. I know history says the original trickle-down economics of the Reagan era didn't work, but that was giving people money in the hope they would spend it rather than invest. The new version is keep financial institutions alive so that they can continue loan/borrowing activities - though hopefully without making the same dumb moves they have made in the past. Start-ups are theoretically small in nature at the beginning, and therefore are potentially a long road to recovery. Same with PHD's? How many individual auto-workers or even accountants are going to become PHD's. Though you (nostrademons) do say 'many physics & math Ph.Ds ' are not using there Ph.D abilities, that will hopefully change due to the lack of potential in the new Wall St. Though you could also argue that this is the time when Wall St. actually needs those Ph.Ds the most. well, as somebody who has been in this space before and left it to pursue other music opportunities, I think you're off to a great start mary. I wasn't able to get music to play on quite a few tracks (the majority actually), but without any sort of progress bar on the download, it wouldn't be apparent to most people what is happening, so I think that would be one of the first things to do. I didn't go through your code, but have you hidden the flash player somewhere? or are you using a javascript player? Whatever, I think showing a player inline (kinda like you are now, but with more controls) would benefit you. At the least, you need a 'progress bar', and the 'hear' should be linked to start the track too, as that is what I tried clicking on, not the play button. I'll be keeping an eye on your progress mary. Best of luck to you. great domain name. I would think your scrolling data marque could be done in javascript rather than as a java plugin (it failed in Chrome, but works in FF). Also, you need a search box so I can check out prices without waiting for it to pop up. Sure, your girl is cute, but you need more dynamism in the video. Better graphics, more things around, etc. Assuming that you are thinking the video is going to be a business driver. Also, looks like your full screen of the video player doesn't work. my two comments would be 1) make the "tools based" either link to a page describing what that means, or find a better way to describe it. I think I know what you are getting at, but I'm not sure most people (non-tech) would. 2)the "Journalism" and "PR - Business" links at the bottom of the page that are somewhat greyed out. They look good in the sense that they don't draw too much attention, but I'd think that the least they should darken when I hover to make it apparent that they can be clicked. The way it looks right now, I'd think that they were greyed-out as in unusable. my two comments would be 1) make the "tools based" either link to a page describing what that means, or find a better way to describe it. I think I know what you are getting at, but I'm not sure most people (non-tech) would. 2)the "Journalism" and "PR - Business" links at the bottom of the page that are somewhat greyed out. They look good in the sense that they don't draw too much attention, but I'd think that the least they should darken when I hover to make it apparent that they can be clicked. The way it looks right now, I'd think that they were greyed-out as in unusable. as a creator of a live music search site (www.HearWhere.com), I love the idea that you are proposing. However, i think getting users to post events is a bit of a challenge, and there doesn't seem to be much in the way of 'discovery' built in. How will you manage how different people input the event differently? some might enter the band name, some might enter the location. Have you considered using an api like zvents or upcoming? I just realized in your demo all of your events are demo. Why not have those listed on the home page, you could do a 'search from area'. Also, you can use google to find the initial location of your users so you could list the events near them. I don't think the 'from' field makes an sense in the address sense (unless you are just geocoding to region or something). Not sure what you are thinking of with respect to a use-case. Do you think people who have extra space are going to post the event? Or people who are looking for a ride would add it? Obviously the second makes more sense, but I'm not sure why the person with extra capacity would be driven to your site. Maybe i'm just having difficulty imagining it without enough content. If I were you I'd spend some time getting REAL events, and make the site something people could actually use (meaning working with real data, not demo data). Maybe even a screencast of who the actors are, and what they would do would help. The idea itself is simple to understand, but getting from 'people would use this to carpool to gigs' to actually getting the site used is a bit of a bigger leap than you expect. I'm speaking from experience. I've gone through many versions of my site since launching this summer, and it still needs more refinement. Best of luck with the new site. I agree with your thoughts on leaving out explaining JamRides on the homepage, as it is simple enough to understand. But if i where you, i'd put your tagline 'Carpool to shows, events, gatherings' on the page. Not everybody will see the title, but that tagline is enough to describe what you are doing. I don't think it is between page views. My site is a one page ajax heavy site, so I can only have analytics on the landing page. The time on page shows around a minute average (changes per day), while the bounces shows nearly 90%. Doesn't fluctuate as much. Not sure how they do these measurements. But what is really needed is a tool that can measure on ajax sites. For now i've started counting server side requests, and it really is showing how unreliable Google Analytics is. In someways I think this could depend on the network effect. If you are going against a Facebook/eBay/etc., you have to consider how you can grow a significant userbase overcoming the barriers to entry (notice I strangely used Facebook instead of MySpace? - Facebook had to have had the same thoughts you had at one point). If you are going after a google(search) or Amazon, there is very little network effect (people would argue that Amazon network is built on the reviews, but reviews are available on the web). Just my two sense. Though I like your Opera angle, particularly with Opera's strength in mobile. Not that i disagree with the rest of your ideas, but they just don't seem to really shout 'strategy', and I gotta say I don't really understand your 'Partner with IBM' plan. I suspect Flickr's strength is specifically that it isn't monetized like SmugMug. They don't need to copy another service, they need to innovate and continue the growth of that platform. Though that may mean stronger monetization of the business, I hope it would not mean simply copying another service. With respect to 'Owning the Living Room', I suspect that this is so far from there strengths as to be unrealistic with the economics currently the way they are. Sure you could argue the same about Google, but they've got the cash to go out and make a mobile OS and give it a go. Yahoo! arguably can't take that risk on a market which is not as large as mobile. Just my thoughts, but I think the Opera angle is a pretty good one. none of the different spellings of my name look anything like me :( Oh! that ':(' looks JUST like me! After a few months of writing to TechCrunch personally, as well as sending them my press release I finally managed to get www.HearWhere.com covered by them this week. This happened after TechRadar ( http://www.techradar.com/news/internet/web/20-websites-you-n... ) covered HearWhere. I don't know if having another site cover my site first had an effect, and TechCrunch never contacted me directly, they just wrote, and I found out about it after i saw a traffic spike. I don't know if it is the current economic climate, but TechCrunch did not drive near the amount of traffic I was expecting. Good reviews and comments, but as far as traffic, I saw an increase of course, but it wasn't a great spike in traffic I expected. With respect to your comment about 'no good .com domain names left', I have to call that a load of b.s. If I managed to get "HearWhere" as a domain name, as well as some of other good names for other businesses, you can find a good name. It takes time, and can be a pain in the ass (it took me about a week to find HearWhere and maybe it was the 30th domain name I tried, but take the time and find a '.com' name. At the least a '.net', but '.biz' just doesn't cut it. Plus, when freeringer takes off, you would be increasing the value of a .com or .net name, and making it a prime target for a competitor to get at your market. Much safer to get a new name I think. Your reasons for DOB and other data doesn't quite cut le moutard either in my opinion. Particularly if you aren't getting users because you are asking for too much information, then you aren't going to get the add revenue either. No, I never said 'everything...relies on a domain name'. It isn't even the name that is the problem, it's the extension and what that says about your company. You can look at all of the successful domain names that have little or no real meaning, but they are all '.com' , or '.net'. There are a few reasons for this. Firstly when users type your URL, they are gonna type COMPANYNAME.com - you are going to loose users instantly if by not having a .com name. Sometimes users will know to try .net, but not everybody will, and getting people all the way to .biz is a stretch. I suspect the only companies who have been able to grab traction without a .com name are the ones who have used clever play on words to make the .EXTENSION work with their name, like Del.icio.us Don't take my word for it, look around, make a list of how many companies you can think of use a non-.com/.net name. The problem is that you are creating barriers for your potential customers to get to you, and as a start-up you already have enough challenges, no point getting in your own way. Nice idea. I'm not into dating sites, but i think getting your users via the skype tie-in for communication is a good way of going about things. My two cents. 1 cent - the design is nothing spectacular, but particularly having a few different image sizes makes the site look cheap, and it isn't easy to skim. At the same time, making putting the pictures front and center is good as I assume most people will interact and make initial contact based on a photo. except... 2 cent - i don't seen any geographic search type feature, and I can't tell if there is somewhere that users put in there location. I wouldn't want to meet-up with a girl half-way around the world, so being able to see who is using the service locally would be paramount. the key here is 'say chip analyst'... but what about the rest of the component makers? There seems to have been a small bit of buzz in chip circles that Apple is looking to become a chip producer (or at least designer), and that could be reflected here. This is interesting particularly as Papermaster has expertise in chip design. More and more arrows pointing to apple doing something big in chip design. What are the implications of another viable mobile chip design competing with ARM? Just my two cents as to what Apple is up to... I agree with the idea, but in order to really get traction, I think it is something the administration needs to put in place. I wouldn't be surprised if they do, as they had an 'ideas for obama' section of the original Obama website. The place isn't necessarily just to keep tabs on what the administration is doing, but to create dialog between the admin and the public. Voting things up lets the administration know what is more important to the people, and there feelings on it etc. where less important things would fall the bottom. This way the 'energy czar' can go to the energy page and look up the top most active entries and not be any more inundated with info than they aleady are. I look at it as a 'help the administration help you' type of thing. Question though... I'm canadian, would I/should I be able to use the site? the look isn't as important as getting the message across of that you do. I don't think the tagline has any meaning in the context (or lack there of) which you've given. Basically, I have absolutely no idea what a web computer is. Get to the basics 1) what is it 2) why would I use it Wow, you've got a ton of great and positive advice here. I agree with almost all of it, but would add this... There are no shortage of ideas, and no shortage of businesses to build if you have the ideas. If the company/market you are looking at has a good implementation with market penetration and barriers to entry, and if you can't SIGNIFICANTLY make a difference, then maybe keep looking. Take a read of Rick Segal's current post (and my comment there). http://ricksegal.typepad.com/pmv/2008/11/features-of-the-wor... So, your final sentence says it all... go develop, you'll learn a ton going through that process and maybe find more ways to differentiate and improve on the market. Don't forget to let us know when you launch. This is perfect for me, lots of people have been asking me to get my site onto the iPhone, but without a mac, developing an iPhone app isn't easy. Hopefully this solves that! thanks, though it really isn't getting many votes. I wonder if the title sucks, and doesn't really say anything that makes people want to click. Somebody say something negative if you don't like it! Or maybe it just isn't a good idea :( I suppose you could do that with a bookmarklet, but how many people actually use bookmarklets? I don't, and even though I want to have this functionality for YC, I probably won't take the time to figure out how bookmarklets work, install them on my different computers/browsers, etc. I think this is more of a strategic decision. The opportunity is for google and only google to pay to scan all the books. This increases google's value, and competitors need to decide if it is worth it to them to spend the dough. I think you almost always have to do both. The brief e-mail/discussions outlining how the two groups will be working together, and then the long-winded proposals which gets further into the details of what each side offers etc. You'd be amazed at how two groups can differ in their expectations they have of what the other would be offering, therefore the long stuff is needed. well, not sure about the 'shops/experience' but in the comments on the 'Who's Hiring' post now #1 on the main page, http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=375410 there is a guy with machine learning and RoR experience looking for a contract. Might be just what you're looking for. I've often thought something like this would be useful, but I'm missing a few things (and you have a bug, I can't leave my e-mail blank because it says that e-mial is already taken). 1 - I can't figure out how to add a bookmarklet. I can only add you page 2) I wouldn't go to a page to enter in the sites to save, that is too much of a pain in the ass - a browser plug-in would be much better. I didn't realize the issue was that his e-mails HAD to be public, but I did find it strange that the blackberry encryption would seperate it from the pack to such a high degree that Obama is not permitted to have a blackberry. Can he have a Windows Mobile, or iPhone? I assume so. So, why not just have a blackberry but not use blackberry's e-mail address and pass it through a regular email address anyway? I'm clearly not understanding the problem. But if he gets to keep his blackberry, what a PR opportunity for Blackberry. The device the worlds most important CEO couldn't live without. I personally disagree with a bunch of the stuff you are recommending. I work from home, so take this with a grain of salt, but two IT companies I worked for had fooseball tables, and i always hated those things. Work isn't getting done/discussed over ping-pong. Ideas aren't getting shared while reading or naping, though I do agree that enabling napping at work isn't a bad idea, and having employees who are well read is also a good idea, I think doing this IN the office is a mistake. Walls made of whiteboard, or painted with chalkboard, and don't forget to always have pens or chalk EVERYWHERE is a good idea. Instead of spending money on reading rooms and ping-pong, why not focus on a culture of free-responsibility. The number of good things that have come out of meeting at a bar or over a coffee is of much more value than what you are getting over ping-pong. Napping/reading are non-interactive, so I think that is a double loss. Get your employees out for a bike ride or jog. I would rather have people that get out of the office while keeping their head in the game, than people who spend time in the office, but aren't getting any real work done. Make the office the place for work, and enable your workers to leave the space and do other things but if you can, make sure that they understand the priority of these things is to refresh them for work, or to still get work done. agreed, and particularly love the idea of the chalkboard bathroom walls. try not to laugh, but I got a gateway a few months ago, and i'm crazy impressed with the specs for the price. I got the t-series, which doesn't output to the built in screen at the resolution you want on the 14", though i'm pretty sure it will bump up to that on an external monitor. but I think the 15" m series does. From the looks on their site they are getting ready to upgrade the t-series, so the next version might have higher resolution. Not sure exactly what you are trying to do, and why you would go through the overhead of one of these programs. Why not just write the html yourself, or use something like google sites? I think you'd spend more time learning to use one of these tools (and looking for and deciding which one) than it would take you to build a site. If you really don't think you have the chops for writing your own html, or don't think google sites or something similar is for you, how about having somebody set up a joomla or drupal site for you? Though I agree that bad science and sensationalism do much harm to the case of climate change, there are many reasons to make the drastic changes to how humans operate on the planet. For any of the people who don't believe in climate change, I say to tell yourself the story of how the rainforests disappeared and thousands (scientists say millions) of species were lots for ever, and why. Go look at a strip mine, and try not to feel like what we are doing is wrong. This summer a small plot of trees across from where I have coffee was mowed down for an olympic ceremonies park. Now I have no qualms about actually taking down that small plot of trees (it's maybe 1.5-2 acres), in a prime retail spot, and I live in a rain forest so loosing an acre to us isn't a big deal, we're surrounded by trees. But the sound of those trees coming down, we were all in shock, and really when you see all the dead trees lying there on the ground, you feel ashamed to have supported it. I also say to tell yourself the story of how your car runs, from the first bit of oil being drilled to the moment that your tires spin, and if you can honestly convince yourself that that is an efficient energy system, then you're an amazing debater. I honestly believe there are huge errors in the science which is spread publicly, but it is the sensationalism of this science which is grabbing attention and causing people to take notice. The negative effect is the backlash of non-believers have ammunition. actually, in defense of m_eiman, i don't think you are being completely fair. Though your technical abilities clearly outweigh his (and mine, and many if not most here on HackerNews), your response sounds somewhat insulting, and I hope i am just misunderstanding your tone. You say this is a 'Classic case of a person with no security training or experience trying to do security'. That is not what m_eiman is trying to do at all. What is trying to be accomplished is to remove an security warning when there is not threat. Not everybody careas about 'certificate extensions',and I know i've never looked it up myself, but the point of the original 37 Signals post, and the follow-up post by m_eiman was to be able to reliably include non-https data in an https page (if I even have that correctly). Anyway, the reason I wrote this is because I believe it is VERY important to support the discussion of these ideas, and maybe take the time to explain why something might or might not work (which you did at a very high level in your first comment), but it is really your second follow-up which serves to potentially prevent people from posting ideas that though somewhat flawed, could still have some merit. surprised to see this down-voted. Insight and rebuttle or reasoning please? I appreciate that, and thanks for the feedback. I thought the 'emotional arguments' where easy to make it apparent that maybe we are doing something wrong, climate change or not. The rational/scientific arguments can be argued. Tough to stand in a clearcut and say 'damn happy we got rid of those trees!'. ;) Short answer, never, particularly when you are still calling yourself a start-up. Once you've 'made-it', you aren't a start-up anymore, you're a big business, and big businesses still need lots of work to keep them successful. Long answer - when your piece of art is complete. A great book, 'Finite and Infinite Games' lays out my feelings on this. Your first STEP in success is when you are really in the game. I've launched a few companies that nobody cared about. Got no traction. There was very little reason to keep revising the product/project because I wasn't in the game. Other times you hit on something that people care about, and that is making a difference. You work like mad to churn out new products and satisfy the demand. You are in the game. That is success level 1, and it goes from there. I think the big problem with saying "how do you know when you've made it?", is that this isn't a sprint or a marathon. It's a life. You've never 'made it' in life, if you're done, then you're dead. When do you know when you have breathed enough? When you have eaten enough? If you stop working on your product/business, it will go stale and die. You can 'get out', sell, hire others to take over the day to day tasks, but what do you do with yourself then? I think some of PG's comments regarding the 'artist' in programmers/innovators is just that. An artist doesn't stop painting once they have sold one painting. So your current project leads to the next, etc. I would say to answer your question, that only you can decide when your current piece of art is done. If you're making great money, fantastic. If not, maybe you love this project so much that you'll continue with it anyway. Basically, have an exit strategy, targets, goals, etc. But none of these are 'finishing lines', they are markers on the coarse. Like aid stations on a cicuitus marathon coarse. They let you know that you have reached a significant marker, but don't stop running, 'cause you are still in the race. There are still things to do, problems to solve, art to build. The journey is the destination. Though it's an interesting concept, I think they would need to recreate their algorithms too quickly to stop spammers, plus recaptcha has a dual purpose/benefit of helping computers when they fail with OCR. I don't hate captcha as long as it is done well. I like the clean layout, but I'm completely lost on a few things 1) what exactly is the problem you are trying to solve? I read the 'about' page, and I still don't get it. this probably leads to 2) why am I buying content that is freely available? 3) what does 'adjust' mean? a tool tip on both buy and adjust might be a good idea. 4) your statistics list current/previous -but previous to what? previous entries from that user? that's the closes I could figure. 5) i just clicked on the 'nope' for not a content owner, and the 'buy spot' link takes me to 'submit new content', but I'm not a content owner. is that right? sorry guys, i'm completely lost as to what you are trying to accomplish. hopefully it is just a messaging adjustment for you and you're off to the races. congrats on the launch though. It doesn't say explicitly that it isn't compatible with the iPhone (though it doesn't list it as compatible either). Very strange. Why create a headphone with mic built in that wouldn't work with the phone in your product line? Why would you use a mic with a nano? Has the nano got recording capabilities now? Though tags and categorization are nice to have, I like the idea of getting a well rounded experience at HN. Forcing visitors to just reading the titles exposes them to all sorts of things they wouldn't have been exposed to otherwise. I could see myself using categories or tags if they are available, but that doesn't mean it would be a better experience. there have been a few iphone development api's written through javascript, so if you want to create iphone apps, you don't need to have a mac. http://phonegap.com/ however, if you are looking to learn to develop for iphone (as you mention above), then I too would go mac mini before apple ditches them. how many years to get to v.1? and reviews of bad implementations and buggy. What problem are these guys trying to solve? what market are they after? Though I don't deny there is a market for alternative players (foobar2000, MusicIP Mixer), i've never understood what songbird was really offering that made them standout and get all the press they do. didn't try it out, but great idea and your video demo is really good. Site is well laid out. Well explained,well done. Best of luck you get a star! This piece is missing some major points, particularly when they point to the market-adoption of Firefox. We upgraded to firefox I believe adoption in V.1 was significant if I recall correctly. The reason being, that Firefox was significantly better than IE 5.5(6). I'm not hearing that with Songbird. iTunes is a very good product. The extensions for songbird are already available for iTunes, Winamp, etc. There just seems to be SSOOO much fluff to Songbird, and the slow release dates don't help. I'd love to be able to root for the little guy in this instance, but Songbird just doesn't seem like that little guy that deserves it. Anybody have any insight into why that is? I didn't download the latest version after hearing about buggy performance. I used to be connected to the 'player' business and had tried Songbird before and it was an awful experience. I just don't get it. Anybody here actually using Songbird and loving it? What are we missing? I'm not a fan of the design myself, and I'm surprised how effective a good design is. I think you can do better. I'd also hope that you could offer more than just links to the articles. Maybe take a note from HackerNews, I'm sure there is tons of discussion that goes on regarding the topics and articles as the issues are extraordinarily complex. I think that would be a solid value add. What I think you have failed to do (or failed to tell us) is why people would visit your site over say TreeHugger.com, or others (I'm sure they exist, but I'm not super enviro-guy, so I don't know them all). I'm under the impression that drudge focuses on slightly out of mainstream news coverage, but I could be wrong. No doubt there is a huge market for what you are linking too, but from what I see, you are not yet offering me enough reason to come to you as a source. Just my 2 cents. the main page leads to "The page you are looking for cannot be found". So, not a good start, but these things happen. Then i tried logging in with openid, and that failed too. So, i can't try it. and I can't say your description of 'CRM/Notebook' really gives me a good idea of how you are differentiating. A demo video would be great, and is pretty much a must have for anything that a user doesn't understand in two seconds. I think you spend more on managing a $1.50/mo charge than it is worth. I think you need to take a closer look at your business model and pricing. You should be able to figure out a way to provide a service and a way to monetize it where it is either free, or the user finds enough value that they would pay more than $1.50 for it. To me, $1.50 says that you aren't really valuing the app much. Don't think about how much time you put into the app, or how much you'll make if you got 50,000 users. Think about it as how much value you are adding to your users and charge accordingly. Are you the next SalesForce.com? I did a quick google search on CRM licensing and it seems companies are charging $10-40/month. So why are you so cheap? SO i took a look at the video you posted, and because it says "screen replay demo" across the screen and you didn't do an voice over and even at full screen, the whole thing is so small, it is impossible to understand what you are offering and why I would use it. My point about the price was that it is such a small amount that it is probably going to be more trouble for you to charge it than it is worth. If this is just a side project and you don't need/want to make money from it, then give it away. If you want to make a bit, I would charge more if you can justify it. The openid issue was my error, sorry about that. I just tried logging in with openid and it takes me right to giving you my paypal details to charge. Nope, not gonna happen. I don't think you'll get any users like that without documentation, demos, trials, etc. Saying I can cancel at any time up to two weeks and not get charged just doesn't cut it. No more for you! well, the design bites. But aside from that, it's ok. Not sure that we really need another recipes site. Aiming at the student market might be nice, but wouldn't it be better to go for good food that's easy to cook rather than this is just crap food that is easy to cook? Not sure how you are differentiating in the space. The first thing I would do would be to spend some time on design. It's fine from a usability perspective, but all the colors, and the large pictures of ugly food is really disturbing. Just way to busy to look at. too many colors, seems like there was very little thought to alignment. Why is the header so HUGE? I'm not sure where you draw the line between Union Square, First Round, etc. vs. Sequoia, KPCB, Khosla. Is that Non-Valley VC's vs Valley VC's? Or is it more smaller VC shops vs. larger? Is there really that big of a difference among any of these as long as the point of contact VC has direct start-up experience and isn't just a finance person? I think asking to link into my google account before offering anything at all is a really bad plan to get users interested. At least a homepage explaining what you are doing, giving me an idea if I can trust you etc. is necessary. I didn't go any further than the google login screen. First of all, I love the look. clean and professional. The domain name is great as well. The video tour does a great job of overloading me with information on what I can do with OneHub. The damaging part is that after viewing the video, I don't have any take-away on how I would use the tools you've described, and you go through them so quickly that it is very difficult to keep up, and it doesn't seem that the screencast is helping with the voice-over. I realize they are in sync, but everything is happening so quickly that it is just too much stuff. My advice would be to pick the 3 or 4 features that you think are the most useful for your customer base, and just go through those. Don't describe the feature and how it works, that is for another video tutorial. Tell me how OneHub is going to help me interact. Just telling me it lets me interact isn't good enough. I interact already. How is your interactions better. That is a huge marketing challenge, and it is very difficult to do. I did a video demo for one of my previous companies and it was many, many iterations before I was getting the messaging to the users right. [EDIT] volida's post points to what I'm saying. if security is the most imporant thing, single that out. You're giving visitors too much information. Maybe segmenting into a few videos would be best depending on your target audience. Best of luck, keep up the good work. Pete I'm amazed they were able to get this far in the process, and get covered by the bbc. Is a used song going to sell for 10cents? and if so, are you going to risk the RIAA coming after you for buying stolen goods rather than either pay the 99cents to buy the track legally, or go whole hog and just download it free? Who came up with this business model? I hope they didn't spend a bunch of money getting this going. Yes, angels and VC's are still investing. I have some friends who have recently received an angel seed round. Surprisingly with only a demo. No product yet. I've also heard about some VC's doing seed rounds, but in companies which already have revenue. I slightly disagree with this unless the majority of users are using google news as their news source (in which case TC doesn't appear on the front-page right now at all). I would think that building a loyal following is more valuable than one-time hits on news. I'd like to see the stats on what percent of TC or RRW visits come from google vs return visits vs HN/Reddit/Digg/etc. though I somewhat agree with Seth, he also has to consider that with less bright people in the world of finance, getting these new initiatives that everybody will be building will be a serious new challenge. There has to be a balance between the people who manage money, and the people who create actual things. yeah, I'll wait until a more reliable source starts quoting him before I consider this anything more than sensationalism. agreed. at least lead us to a page where you talk about the css hack and why it is better than cookies, etc. As one who has failed before, I appreciate your comment. I've been involved in a few successes and a few failures, and your quote is poignant because of the number of people involved in these failures who took nothing away from it except to blame others, and that's not learning. from the title - "the following is a fictionalized account of how Alan Greenspan, magically made America’s life savings disappear and diverted our attention from global warming" really? so this is a fictional story about a real person and what they didn't do. Alan Greenspan has taken some responsibility for the current market conditions, but I don't believe the bulk of the error rests with him. A great idea for a site. I'm not a football, basketball or baseball fan, but seeing as fans like to be up on any each play when they are away from the game, etc. I think there is great potential for your site. One thing you might consider (and I can't believe you were able to get consistent names for all the teams) is to use the team logos in your lists where the user selects the teams, etc. Clearly you've put a ton of work into the site. it looks great, it's a great idea. "problem is I don't have time to finish my reading at a stretch..." unfortunatly, this is where I stopped reading ;) Go for images or video rather than a paragraph of text. You didn't really grab my interest with so much text on the page, and nothing else. and not all of these accounts represent a single user. I'm sure there is lots of stuff like StatTweets going on where one business represents many accounts. At the same time, I suspect that it is services like StatTweets which will make Twitter go mainstream and present a business model for them. This is now nearly two months old. I wonder if Steve Forbes would be singing the same tune today? I think the author is missing a few big pieces. 1) why do we need 1.5 tons to move 85kg? we often move significantly more than 85kg and need to be able to adjust to the highest not lowest denominator, and the extra weight is in comforts, safety, etc. 2) a dreadful word 'compromise' when used in planning. Compromises should happen in implementation, when things need to be replaced or removed to meet engineering issues or deadlines. Why would you compromise when you are in the envisioning stage. 3) private/public transport - why not keep private transport but improve the efficiencies and footprint and improve public transport. Check out skytran.net. A great vision for public transport. Yup! As a Canadian we can pay more than 50% income tax plus Provincial taxes, sales taxes and all the other taxes. It doesn't stop Canadians from operating businesses. RIM is Canadian, EA has a huge operation in Canada. When you hear of companies moving from Canada to the US, I believe it is more often brain drain than due to the taxes. I'm not a lawyer, so don't go just by what I say, but I've looked into this a bit in the past, and I think it depends on what you are referring to. Check out Perfect10 v. Google which covers copyright of photos (how google can republish photos for photo search) or sheffield news v. sheffield times re: inline linking/framing of content. The result of Perfect 10 v. Google is (simplified) that as long as you are linking to the source, you're safe. How this relates directly to Dapper and Yahoo Pipes I haven't considered before. However, I would argue that both Dapper and Yahoo Pipes maintain direct links to the content, as they needed the links originally to index. I'm not sure if they return the host in the results or not, but I would say that they should. Alot of it is a case of 'better to ask forgiveness than permission'. your comment about "any reproduction of content is a violation of copyright law" is absolutely wrong and has been overruled in the courts many times (perfect 10 v. google, sheffield news v. sheffield times). Google can display text from web pages because they attribute the text to the site and provide a link to the original source. There are limitations on use which is why google paid for their book search functionality. i've had good luck with crowdspring http://crowdspring.com First of all, I would recommend you spend a bit of time on design. The site is blinding. Maybe tone down your link colors a bit, or don't make them so huge. I can't say I really understand the problem you are trying to solve. Why would I use mostrecent rather than delicious or squidoo or something else similar. It seems there is a ton of manual tasks required, I manually create links, manually drag them around, etc. Your intro clip shows functionality (which is why it is under help), but you really need to explain why I would create these links. Why am I an editor, why I am doing this. Tungle had a great demo (not sure if it is still around), and there was a group that is doing online merging of office and google docs, they also had a great demo video. Look around and see what you can come up with. This might be a great idea (it is a great domain name), but you haven't spelled out clearly enough what I would use it for/why it needs to exist. I agree with that statement, but isn't that what social news sites like this one are for? A group of people with common interest does the filtering for you (also kinda what Squidoo is for if I've got them right). If I were you, I'd keep refining your idea. I don't personally don't think you've hit the sweet-spot yet. if this is a 'gesture based' patent, I'm wondering how it differs from what Palm did with their OS. I wouldn't think that making something 'finger-based' vs pen-based is a non-obvious extension. Thoughts? Hey thinkcomp, I didn't go searching for what your idea is, and you didn't mention it in the article, and realistically I guess it doesn't matter. As you well know, implementing your idea is the largest part of the battle, so are you giving up on the idea? I would think that a man of your experience would move forward with the idea anyway, and not let this speedbump turn into a roadblock. I would also have liked to see (and maybe the community here could help) a suggestion as to how KPCB should handle the situation. You clearly understand that they can't just support every idea that they inadvertently made public, and I completely agree with you that their proposal of you promising not to sue in exchange for the opportunity to pitch again is worthless. I would suspect if things are this bad early on, AND the relationship results in the product not moving forward at all, then maybe this is dead. Furthermore, you don't seem to be that interested in the software you are developing (though I could be misunderstanding). Am I correct that you don't feel that your product will change the world? I would say that you don't have the passion to keep this idea/company going. Maybe this isn't the right idea for you (or both of you). Clearly you got involved for a reason, what was that? How did you end up with this partner. I've worked on project where people didn't get along, but we were all so focused on the result that it didn't REALLY matter. The end result wasn't as good as it would be had we all gotten along, but that didn't happen. There are no shortage of great things to do in this life. If this is not one of those things, and it is making you unhappy, i'd suggest figuring out what would be better. That doesn't mean you have to walk away from this right away, but it sounds like you're already there. Contact the credit card company and ask to speak to the fraud department. they should be able to advise you on how to proceed. I didn't mean it rhetorically. I personally don't think that finding a partner should be focused on 'somebody who wanted to start a business' as much as both of you being passionate about what you are doing. You'll hear it a million times. If you aren't passionate about what you are doing, then you're going to find it exceedingly difficult to make it a success. If you were/are both passionate about the idea, than the disagreements could/should enable you to make a better product. If you aren't passionate about what you are building, then why do it? I think that is the most important question you need to decide for yourself. When I first read the title, I thought this was a deck from years ago. To me discovery seemed so 2006. But after looking through the slide-deck I'm reconsidering my stance on this. Though I'm hoping there is a better descriptor for this than 'discovery'. Not sure if you were looking for feedback or what Andrew, but I took a look, and I'm wondering what CherryPeel has in comparison to the competitors out there (there are lots). thesixtyone - specifically has a very clean and nice interface. much easier to look at than cherrypeel. Everybody fails. The only ones who succeed are those who pick themselves up and go at it again. "Fail fast, fail often" that's a recipe for success. I forget who said it. And really, you haven't failed at anything yet. Your only failure would be if you refused to learn from your mistakes. I truly believe that you must be passionate about what you are doing in order to make it work, and as you've said, the two of you had discussed many ideas, so clearly you see there is lots of opportunity. Yes, it is supposed to be hard, like trudging through 5 feet of snow. But it's like trudging through 5 feet of SNOW!! Like when you where a kid and you'd willingly trudge through that snow because you knew at the top of the hill you would get to ride down. If you are trudging through 5 feet of snow and don't see a hill (or anything else fun about it). then maybe it's time to head back inside and warm up and replan. Just so you know, I started my company with only an ad model, but later found that there were other revenue opportunities. This was after launching the site once with a completely different model, than relaunching it and getting a bit of traction, and then customers (or potential customers) seeing the potential of what I had built and them asking me to build what they want. It's about what your customers want you to do. I'd suggest re-examining your previous ideas and thinking about other possible revenue streams. The ad model is going to be very difficult over the next year. I'm not sure how this is better than dual-booting on your current machine, or using an old pc. Am I missing something? You didn't mention where you are from, you might be able to mix a few of these things together. If you're from the US, how about work/intern at a start-up (assuming you're into that since you're on HN) in Europe or Asia? There are 'working holiday visas' which will allow you to work while you are traveling in certain countries. So you are proposing an API that allows the content owner to define what content gets displayed rather than the site owner? This is a perfect example of where a computer fails to interpret the intricacies of real life. For reasons such as groups sitting together, too many divisions, etc. Planes have rear and front doors. Why don't we start by just splitting people into front and back and filling in from the middle - assuming this really is an issue which needs to be solved. 'the U.S. ceded the market for computer batteries to Japan in the 1970s. Now it's way behind in the race to invent improved batteries for electric vehicles' Correct me if I'm wrong but isn't A123 Systems a leader in this field? I didn't watch it, I read the TC coverage after it was finished. This is the reason I asked the question. I'm not convinced that any of these items are ground breaking, though very cool features. The coverage didn't seem exciting which is why I was asking the question did Steve Jobs not do the keynote because there was nothing worth reporting? or was it just not carried off with his panache and excitement? The coverage made it seem quite ho-hum. And I still believe that none of these things are really news worthy. An 8 hr battery on 17" device is pretty cool iWork gets document sharing - about time, and they aren't going to become a leader with that product as a result *Getting rid of DRM on iTMS means now they can are equal to amazon and everybody else again, I don't see this stuff as really exciting and ground breaking. Cool, yes. Good business decisions, sure. Amazing! no. I somewhat disagree about the exposure thing (unless I am misunderstanding the implementation). As I understand it, an app developer would embed a bit of your code in there app, and that would make the connection to allow a user to review the app, and that is how you do the analytics data right? If that is the case, you aren't marketing to all iphone/mobile users, just developers. As I haven't seen any analytics tools that allow feedback, I think that is a great service to offer, and you collecting all this data and reviews is really great. Maybe you could partner with PhoneGap or somebody like that to help with distribution. Great idea. There are a few very good business models I can see coming out of this. Maybe I'm missing something here, but does this mean that the a/c is condensing the energy and sending it to what is essentially a solar receiver on the device (solar being light, not sun)? 1.5 watts doesn't sound like much, but I'm not super familiar with this stuff. I'd start by getting the budget and forecast together, and then write the executive review. Get some feedback on it, and then pass it to the investors. Go from there. You'll get an idea from the feedback and from what the investors say to know if you should proceed writing the entire plan, maybe they will find some holes in it, etc. etc. Then if they still want the full plan in writing, go write it. You'll probably learn a ton just in the process of writing the executive review. Wow! That's really interesting, maybe we don't realize just how many people are actually voting on entries and comments. Thanks for the speedy response. You'll get much more feedback if you make the site open without a login, or due a demo video, screenshots or something else. Just the front-page telling me what it does and asking me to sign-in isn't going to get you very far (unless you really answer the question as to why I would do this). You can judge for yourself. Check out Crowdspring.com, you can see the quality of the logos from the crowdsourcing. I think it is often VERY good. The designer that wrote the article needs to learn how to compete in the new marketplace. I too wasn't sure what it was all about, but (and most sites should take a hint here) you made it very easy to figure it out. I clicked the button and off it went. I'm curios as to why you went with two different styles though. When I start I have radio buttons and a submit on the right of the picture, then you go to the voting blocks on the left of the picture. Why the change? It would maybe be better to go with the more familiar (Hot or Not) style of selections below the picture. Though I think it is ridiculous that prop 8 failed (or succeeded, I'm Canadian, so not sure exactly what the prop said), this video was great http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1HpTBF6EfxY but isn't posting the address of supporters an infringement of privacy? Is one better than the other? What is so special about the ticketstumbler search box? It doesn't seem to have auto-fill. is that what you are looking for? You say you don't have any control over the funding, and you didn't mention how large the start-up is, but maybe this is somewhere you could take some initiative. Would the founders let you get involved in the funding? The reason I ask is that I assume from your experience with the Hedge Fund, that you probably have more financial expertise and contacts than the founders. Maybe they even cut you in for more. Wow! That is really amazing. How big is the javascript file you use to run that? I would be concerned with slowing down a user more on an already javascript heavy site. However, what I found really amazing was that in the playback you are able to show javascript modals, so i assume that also means that all ajax responses will be captured by userfly. Really cool. I assume you see this being used more in user testing than in capturing the daily usage of a site? I would think that capturing daily usage would be be too time consuming for anybody to actual go through all the videos. As far as the look of your site, I do find the yellow on white a bit hard to read, and it doesn't stick out much. Well a few interesting things from this are 1) the year as a whole was still above 2004 levels, and near that of 2005. 2) the first 3 quarters were all above those of 2007, while the 4th quarter fell off a cliff. 3) 4th quarter was lowest of any quarter in the list So, we can wait and see what Q1 09 does and see if Q4 08 was just a blip, or if this is actually a real trend. Based on the funding which still seems to be happening, I think that Q1 09 will be up from Q4 08. Let's hope so anyway. As far as investments, I think if you have a solid offering and can get some traction it shouldn't matter. Twitter bought a search product which was completely based on their API plus the technology that the search guys had developed (sorry, I forget their name). The key is what you are bringing to the table. If you are just a site accessing API's, it is going to be difficult. You should have a solid value add. As far as the 3rd party pulling their API, I think that is a risk you take, but if you are talking about Twitter, where a huge portion of their success is a result of the API, then I wouldn't worry as much. In the case of BOSS, Yahoo! could pull it, but you could probably source search results from elsewhere. As far as offering these services in a paid offering, unless you are adding something significant which the user is paying for, I would think your success would be challenged in the pay model. People don't really pay for a new view of what they can already get for free (I don't think). I wouldn't contact the RIAA, they have a notoriously bad reputation (assuming you could actually get to anybody reasonable). I'd go the route of the current mp3 search engines. Do some research on Fair Use Copyright and DMCA. Also check out the EFF (Electronic Frontier Foundation). Just to clarify the above, the RIAA's position is not a legal definition, just what the RIAA wants. Therefore the "Online piracy is..." section is inaccurate, replace that with "The RIAA considers Online piracy as..." and no, I'm not a lawyer. amazed that it took them until page 3 to mention PhoneGap. As far as I'm concerned, that is a huge opportunity to alleviate the issues they build up in the first few pages. Don't be torn. You never would have had me even try your service if you asked for a credit card. I suspect its the same for most people. Getting a credit card later is proof that you have made an invaluable tool that people just didn't forget to cancel, and should make it easier for you to adjust your service until you hit the sweetspot and become a must have. I think your messaging is a bit off in the "add brand" section I created a brand, and then it asked for keywords or phrases, so I entered keywords, not the brandname itself as I thought this was a tag kinda think, maybe you were doing analysis on cross-section of Brands (that's capital B, 'cause you are calling your brand grouping a 'Brand'). Not a bad idea to have Brand keywords. Anyway, of course I was supposed to enter the brands I wanted to follow in that box, like the comma delimited list said, but of course, I didn't do that the first time. Then I had to create another Brand (I'm beginning to think that Brand is a bad word for that, Brand Group or something might be better). I couldn't find how I edit a Brand I already created. Of course, the "edit brand' is in the menu on the left, but for some reason I expected it to be up near the to by the "add brand" button. Add/Edit do go really well together. Actually, i barely use the main page, as lots of stuff on that I've likely seen before. I come in, scan the top few items on the main page, and then jump into new and go through like two or three pages (until I'm caught up). So for my personal preference, I'd probably be interested in seeing the newest stuff, and then maybe a column for 'most popular'. I know it's unconventional, but... why is this interesting? It is a complete rip-off of Songza! Right down to the stolen UI! Very Poor! He needs the break. TechCrunch now has a CEO and can go on without him and focus on the tech community. Arrington has been distracted for a long time, seems he has posted some very random posts which lead TechCrunch toward a ValleyWag type site. The TC community was clearly not happy with that. However, it is amazing that he had to put up with the kind of abuse he has. That's just horrible, and there is no reason he should be the victim of that kind of treatment. Best of luck to Mike, he did a great job creating and building TC. I'm sure he'll have other great successes in his future. I'm not your demographic either, but seeing as it's a student site, did you consider facebook connect instead of registration? I don't use either site, but there is little question that you (ticketstumbler) have a better UI and overall look. Your attitude is right, it's far from over, but you are off to a great start! Things i didn't do: 1) build an interface 2) spend any time on design 3) include a demo or let people try it without logging in 4) define the problem I am trying to solve/people I'm trying to reach sarvesh is correct. I would consider what you need, and at this point if things are going well, you might be able to be managed by an advisor familiar with your field (and hopefully previously successful in it). If as engineers you are progressing the business as a whole (not just the product and what you think it is), then you might be fine to continue on, but a bit of outside guidance can't hurt. If you guys are struggling with lots of issues (related to the product or not), then you might want to bring in somebody who can manage those areas (manufacturing, partnerships, marketing, etc). The actual device that Obama is using is from Certified Digital, and I've been looking but haven't been able to find anywhere that it says it is using the blackberry network (aside from all the reports that say 'Obama's Blackberry). I'm wondering if this is just a poor naming convention by the press. Like saying 'he grabbed a kleenex' when grabbing a tissue. nice looking site, beautiful demo. However, I think your homepage needs more info about what it is really all about. I'd take a bit more info from your ABOUT US page, and either put something about your value prop on your homepage, or at least in the video demo. Nice work. Love the clean design. great idea, but I didn't get it the second I got to the site. Why say "Auctions Just Got a Lot More Exciting!"? Why not say "An entire auction in an ad box"! or something like that? 2nd, if you want people to put the boxes on their page, i'd suggest investing in design. Of both your site and the boxes. You have to get peoples trust, and the poor design could sink you. You realize you can set-up a store on amazon and they can handle most of the technical stuff for you? It give you a chance to play with your business model (as their isn't anything specifically technical about it) and try different avenues instead of building everything from scratch in the beginning. If you decide later that it makes more sense to bring all the technical in house, there is nothing stopping you from doing it at that point. not sure if you've seen the wovel (wovel.com) combining a wheelbarow and a shovel. No longer original, but something you might want to work into your design as it seems a very effective tool. I've been looking too, but haven't been able to source big whiteboards locally (and shipping costs on the big items limits any savings you'd get). I went to ikea, in the "as is" section and grabbed a huge panel of lamenated something ($6). Now, i've just got to get some whiteboard paint http://www.rockler.com/product.cfm?page=17835&utm_source... The whiteboard will end up twice as big as anything I found at office depot, and cost should be less than $40. This is a much better promotional tool for songsmith than that 'internal' video microsoft put out a few weeks ago. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oGFogwcx-E this is actually appearing to be a pretty amazing product. Yeah, i posted a while ago, hoping that HN would put a comments/vote capability in a frame above the content, but lots of people hated that idea. No scripts in Chrome yet :( so did I, and I was wondering if it was a statement to all the start-ups that give a sign-up before knowing anything about the site, but it turns out that this is the link that should have been shared http://joncanady.com/ it's an article about github Uhhh, so the no brainer way to boost your iPhone App sales is to jut get Apple to feature your app in one of their ads? How about some advice on getting into an Apple ad. I think you would find that if you drive through the US, you will find the same change from city to town. I've lived in both cities and towns in the US and Canada, and if you end up making a left turn instead of a right, similar differences exist. What you might be missing (and what Zakaria's article was pionting out) is that Canadians aren't putting themselves into debt at the same rate as Americans, so while the Americans may 'look' better off, that doesn't mean they are. HSBC operates in Canada. Though I agree this isn't the venue to debate politics, I don't think there is anything wrong with pointing out the politics in the situation, as long as we are not arguing that one side is correct, and the other incorrect. I think it would be irresponsible (and in some ways is on the part of Zakaria) to not include the impact of Canada's social infrastructure which acts as both a limit to growth, and is supportive in harsh times as these. Well, I think you need to decide what you expect to get out of the experience. Though I somewhat agree with minalecs as to why would you apply if you were never going to attend? I also think that if you were just trying to justify your business/messaging, well, you now know (or have a good indicator) that you've got it right. Time predicts techcrunch in the deadpool. Nice one. All this while TechCrunch visits are still growing, and Time magazine is decending. http://siteanalytics.compete.com/techcrunch.com+time.com/?me... Sure time is still bigger, but TC has been adapting in the changing environment. Great job by the new CEO in rescuing TC from going down the ValleyWag path. Seems Time may not really understand TC. They say 'reporting on the movers and shakers of Silicon Valley', while that is true to a point, the screenshot they show is about western europe. TC should write an article about how Time is an over-rated mag. I have been under the impression that where the author mentions 'clicks' on a page, that is actually recording the loading of a new page. Anybody care to correct me on this. Therefore (if I am correct), bounce rates are not effective on ajax heavy sites where pages and the analytics javascript are not reloaded, and analytics can therefore not track the changes in the user session. A nicely laid out and clean looking site. I'd recommend doing a demo of how the site works. People will spend a bunch of time creating a group, so showing how it works would likely help convince people to use your site over other solutions. I'm not sure why this is, but when I first get to your site, i don't know what to look at. My eyes are being dragged all over the place, and I had to concentrate to read a single heading/paragraph. You'd think with the big lettering you've used, and the layout (which is good), this wouldn't be an issue. The 'call to action' isn't clear enough. Could be that I'm just having a strange day, but it isn't exactly clear to me what I'm supposed to do (and yes, I see the (ready to begin/sign-up), but something about your overall layout/design just isn't sitting right with me. Sorry, wish I could explain exactly why. We don't need a new 'standard'. My last 3 phones have all had mini USB. Why do we need another standard, as that one clearly already exists AND allows for wired data connections? I would think that as long as you are providing a service, it wouldn't matter. People care about you helping them out. They don't care if you are getting affiliate revenue or not, as long as it doesn't cost them (or maybe i'm not understanding your question). Future, though I think it is really just beginning to understand it's potential uses. The @ and # is an example of this growing change. It isn't necessarily about 'status' anymore, but a mix of conversation surrounding data, and the ability of the right connections to go viral. I've been considering how to use twitter as a notification service for my app, instead of using e-mail. The problem with e-mail is 1) i don't want to be loading peoples inboxes 2) it isn't discoverable to people who might be interested in the same thing, 3) i never sign-up for e-mail notifications, so why would i expect my users to do so. At the same time, notification is the one of the top requests I get from my users. So, I'm investigating what it would be like to set-up a system whereby I could use twitter for notifactions on specific items using the # code. Solves the problem of in box discovery, and twitter is much more ignorable than e-mail (if the user chooses). The interface is clear enough, and I think you've done a good job with the demos. the demos don't scroll, so they went off the page and I couldn't see them all With the new design, I have no idea what I'm missing, and that's the problem. It feels like there is tons of stuff there, but at the same time, it doesn't feel like I'm getting what I need. One person mentioned events, and that's one of the things that's missing, but there is more. I don't think this new design entices you to venture on to your friends or groups. Where do I go if I want to send a message (not status)? What about posting a link? Again, i'm sure there's more. Facebook needs to understand they have great value without twitter. The feed is a great thing, but not everything. Start with the good. 1) the site looks really nice and clean 2) your demo clearly demonstrates what can be done What could be improved 1) demo could/should be edited down to just the key features, and really explaining why I would use it rather than going through all the features step-by-step. It's good to have the step-by-step as an instruction, but you haven't made your case of why I would use it 2) login required? Why? you gotta be kinding me? That leads directly to (what I think) is the bad I'm not sure you did enough background on defining the need. What problem are you answering. Not to say you haven't found a nice niche market. Very likely you may have, but the way you have structured your site into these distinct buckets of what I own/owned/want to own just doesn't click with me. Connecting with photos and photographers (I suspect) is less about brand and product than it is about photos. I don't care that this photo was shot on this type of camera vs. that type (you even went down to model level???). I would think I would be more interested in knowing how the shot was captured, what makes it special, etc. Furthermore, you've locked it all up so that I can't read the reviews/comments unless I've signed-up, and then it really seems focused on what I would add to my list, which means that you've locked out the biggest benefit which is the opportunity for discovery. I'm not a shutterbug, so maybe I don't understand how camera officianados think,but I am a person, and something feels very wrong about your approach. Good to know that you are seeing that kind of thing, and my comment about the equipment thing, you seem to be on top of it. With respect to the 'badges' thing, that might be an opportunity to create a sort of game/score environment. Similar to HN, though i think stackoverflow does a better job of it. It gets people interested in who's saying what, what their qualifications are, etc. What I didn't get from the interview was 'why'. Does this thing have any significance? With the Segway, even if it wasn't a commercial success,it was popularized for what was an amazing technical achievement. What is it that the team who created the Cajun Crawler has achieved. I'm sure there is something, I just don't know what it is. Interesting and creative, but seems much slower than the qwerty keyboard. I believe you are wrong. It isn't about degrees as far as I understand, but it is about the ability to sell the idea, manage it through production and growth. When a VC says they fund a team, they don't mean they fund degrees. Funding a team will often mean funding people with experience, or some other factor that lets the VC know that this is the right horse to back. Lots of engineers get funded, but they don't get funded for 'projects that languish in notebooks due to lack of capital'. So that's the problem first. You need to be able to sell your idea, and likely you should probably be on the road to building it or have something built before looking for funding. Pick up Curtis Carlson's book "Innovation: the Five Disciples to Creating What Customers Want". It will help you put together the proper positioning for your idea and get it ready to be heard. ----- EDITED ----- I REALLY liked Sama's response (which wasn't there when I wrote my original response above). My response is probably focused on steps. You can't go right from idea to VC (unless you have some serious connections and likely some very serious successes in your past as well). An idea is just an idea. It is a management team (which might need a good engineer) which brings the whole thing together. Rarely (though it does happen) is an engineer the best person to lead a business. Think Apple - Woz was the engineer, Jobs the manager/marketer. You might need to find your Jobs if you're Woz (okay, that's not the way the history works, but you get the jist). By the way, I'm in your boat (kinda) I'm the engineer of my start-up and also trying to be the management guy. It's tough going it alone, once you're in it, you'll likely understand why VC's focus on the team aspect. No, not what I meant, on either the 'finding jobs' or that your EE is useless. Your EE has tremendous value. HOWEVER, in addition to the value of creating, you have to create the environment where the product/idea is able to be sold. I'm an anti-mac-boy (do we get a proper title? I hate being defined by something you're not), and getting quite a laugh about your remarks re: Jobs. However, I think it is undeniable that Apple wouldn't be where it is today without him. From an engineering standpoint, sure Woz is a brilliant engineer, and made an amazing product, but it was leadership (management) that made apple into a great company (even if I don't like the way they do business or their products). I wasn't aware you were referring to consumer electronics, but even so, take a look at how others have done it in the past. I believe the story of Palm may be a good one (though I'm not sure what product you are really talking about). Also consider the financial times that we're in. Using Palm as an example, they got funded early dot-com (I believe), so what worked for them might no work for you. If you've got passion for your business, and understand what needs to be done, you could be well on your way. You may get into the YC, you might not. But one good thing about it is that if the idea is sound, and they think you've got the right stuff to run the business, then YC could probably do some introductions to hackers to get the technology built. I am assuming here that you have some understanding of the technology, it might be a tough sell if you have no technical abilities at all. As a bit of inspiration, I wasn't a hacker two years ago. But when Pandora was blocked from Canada I built a replacement service (took about 8 months - i had to shutter it 'cause it was costing too much). But with the resouces online, if you have the drive, it can be accomplished. After shutting the music service, i created a live music search engine www.hearwhere.com. I wish I had the skills of a designer ;), the point is don't give up, if you love your idea, you can do it. Why would they do this? What is the issue they are trying to solve? Particularly at a time when the administration is trying to figure out how to enable growth investments this doesn't make any sense to me. You've done a good job with simple layout on the main page, but I had no idea what you were all about when I first hit the page. Your titles say "advertising marketplace" and "advertising made easy". I suspect that most people visiting a website are accustomed to think online advertising. But you are focused on print. So why don't you actually say 'print' advertising anywhere on the main page. That is my biggest complaint. I have no idea what this is all about unless I dig deeper (which most people won't do). I question the numbers regarding downloads as music available through online services takes a big chunk out of the download space, legal or otherwise. Why download and manage the storage of music when sources like Pandora, last.fm, skreemr, seeqpod, etcetcetetc... will do it for you. I haven't downloaded any music in years, as I can just get it online whenever I want it. First of all, I love the way you posed the question. Mine will be 1 year old soon, and i've got some of the issues you've got too. First off, you are in a very crowded space as far as I can tell. I've got a very tiny bit of experience with PlanetEye, so I know a bit about the space that I think you are going for.... but that is the problem. What are you going for? what are you REALLY trying to do? What is the differentiator. There are some really good trip planning/sharing sites out there, why should I use tripntale. When I first hit your homepage I'm confronted with a big image and a sign-up, aka fail. Below the fold you have images that link to trips. I'd move those above the fold and make sure they are seen, and make them look more like links. Just a picture isn't good. Tell me where it is, maybe when the trip was, what user added it. That HAS to be above the fold. Move the 'sign-up' stuff to a sign-up page. One button says 'click here to sign-up' that way you can give people more info, etc. Move your searchbox up. top of the page would make sense, and the login stuff can probably go somewhere else. Playing around for a bit, i just wasn't dragged into the experience. I can look at photo's but maybe there just isn't enough content or something. Not quite sure, but I'd say you have some product/UI issues to deal with first. I don't think you'll get much major blog love until you get your usability figured out, and focus on the users first experience. On another note, TC is not a marketing plan, and I can speak from experience. As great as it is to have a positive review from TC, it doesn't make your company, but it is a great way to get feedback. Personal e-mails, I probably wouldn't miss anything. Work e-mails, I could probably live without 90% of the old stuff. It's easier to have it and search on it, than deleting it though. The key thing that Zepolen points out that I think lots of people miss is your site/business/etc is about what 'they want', not what 'you want'. Your business is about your customers. Customers don't want to sign-up, they want to explore or share travel (or whatever your site does). I think i'm in one of the few markets where vistors are telling me they want a way to sign-up and get notifications, but that is after i've given them what they want, now they want more. Isn't this the great flaw in the author's theory? ' It seems safe to assume that YouTube’s traffic will continue to grow, with no clear ceiling in sight. Since the majority of Google’s costs for the service are pure variable costs of bandwidth and storage...' If traffic grows, and bandwidth and storage are the highest costs, then revenues should increase while costs decrease as bandwidth and storage costs come down. Or is there something else I'm missing there. At the beginning, there is always a 'center', but that does not negate the influence of the other districts. I suspect that PG has gotten caught up in a bit of the valley hype. There are many more counterexamples. Microsoft (does it not count because it was pre-internet?) was a start-up outside the valley at one point. MySpace didn't start out in the valley. So why skype? because a valley company overpaid significantly for them? (I love skype though, i just don't think they are the best counterexample). Detroit thought it had all the 'talent' and 'knowledge' in building cars, and then got it handed to them on both sides, cheaper and better from Asia, more expensive luxurious and better from Europe. No question the valley has investors, and very talented ones at that. As costs for internet start-ups decreases, amazing open-source technologies like hadoop continue to spread, and talent realizes they can excel anywhere, why would the valley continue to as the center? What will be the draw to keep people in the valley? Angel financing can now accomplish what only VC could a few years ago, and that continues to change. Ideas are not limited to the valley, technology is not limited, for many start-ups their are no physical goods, and when there are, those are created overseas. So, though Silicon Valley may be the center today, what will make it the center tomorrow? You must have posted this while I was putting out my rant below. I agree, though I'm confused by your last 'desktop software' comment. Does network effect require a hub? Or will their be only one 'connector'? crowdspring is another one http://cloudspring.com The site looks great, and your auto-complete is amazing! How can IMDB not have that? However, i entered Sweeny Todd. I get a mostly blank page and am asked to pick a sub-genre. None of which really fit what i'm looking for (dark & musical). so I try the sub-genre thing, and it just isn't working. But then I see the left column with "movies most like". I'm assuming that is the main feature of the site. So why on earth do you not put that front and center, and if I want sub-genre, I can do that after?? Aside from that, i think the service is pretty good. This was my biggest take-away from Web 2.0 Expo. I thought it was a replacement database. But the guys at cloudera did an excellent job of explaining that Hadoop/MapReduce can be used for doing analysis of huge amounts of data, and prepping that data to be exported in a relational database. I don't think you need to put 'feedback is welcome' on a entry where you are asking for a review. I think you may have a bit too much of a crush on "drudge resport' as well. Just like Drudge, your site is almost unusable. Forget the 3 column layout. It might work for them, it doesn't work for you. Your text is too small for headlines. You want to grab the users attention, and make them click, right now, i'm barely reading what you've got. That top section with the centered text and yellow border, i thought it was an ad and ignored it at first. Now I see it is a headlines section. In general..not good. There was a great image in a slide-deck at Web 2.0 Expo where the announcing cone was turned around. You need to listen to your customers more than you shout at them. Webwright mentioned 37Signals shouts and markets like mad, but I believe they (in contrast to Jason Calcanis) listen more or just as much as they shout. Could be that is just their marketing spin though. Really. I completely agree. It's great to give feedback to a company on their products and services, but to tell the company 'we want this back, too bad if you can't make money off it', is going a bit far. He's gotta realize that if there is a market for the smaller channels, either YouTube will figure it out (maybe with his help), or some other company will serve the need. If not, than maybe there just isn't a market with a viable business model to make it work. He can't expect a company to keep loosing money just so he has a place to put his videos. Am i the only idiot who can't figure out how to find an event (particularly this event) on anyvite? I just happen to be in the area today from Canada, thought it might be interesting to stop by. Not only that, but the one company in their portfolio was founded in 2006, and it's still not anything anybody has ever heard of. There are enough tech focused incubators that, assuming you are doing a tech start-up, would probably be able to offer you more. on closer inspection, their is more than one portfolio company, just a very bad UI on their site. Still, go with a known entity if you can. Their are great RIA, but it's the app that is more important. I started using Prezi yesterday, and it is truly amazing. But it isn't amazing because of RIA, it's a killer because of the product, and it just happens to be a RIA (isn't RIE more suitable? Rich Internet Expeirence). It's like asking 'where are the killer python scripts'. the technology doesn't matter as much as the product. 123 for PC, and Pagemaker for Mac where killer apps not because of the platform they were created on , but because they replaced the previous methods of accomplishing the task. I rather liked the strange looks I got from reading Hacker News, but at least I learned a new word today Innocuous - 1. not harmful or injurious; harmless: an innocuous home remedy. 2. not likely to irritate or offend; inoffensive; an innocuous remark. 3. not interesting, stimulating, or significant; pallid; insipid: an innocuous novel. First of all, I'm assuming that you've already discussed the issue with him? found out why he isn't pulling his weight, etc. You may be able to fix the issue without letting him go. This is the reason for vesting ownership shares, so that the people earn their shares over time, rather than all being divided up at the beginning. I had a similar issue with a friend I brought on as co-founder. Thankfully he was 'stolen' away by another company, so that resolved the issue of his involvement, and I very candidly brought up the issue of ownership ,as he was around for such a short period of time, and we hadn't reached enough milestones to match the value of the amount he would have owned via the vested ownership. We worked out a smaller percentage which we both thought was more fair based on what he had accomplished in his short time. If this guys head/heart were and are in the right place, he'll want to work with you on what is best for the company. If not, then you may have to get some legal advise. But I would first talk to him about the issues, and see if the team can resolve it. I somewhat disagree with mronge (which reads as ummmm-wrong), i don't care how long it took you to build it. However, what is it for? What is the .tel space? Why does the .tel space need a search engine? I could build a search engine that only returned results with .net or .biz, but what purpose would that serve. So unless you have a market, you don't have a start-up. how often are you commuting by bike to a location where the weather is significantly different from where you started? Though I agree with Robin tat the NYT piece was useless, I'd argue that refuting the useless post is also pointless. I'm an avid blackberry user, but I am amazed to see how many people carry both a blackberry and an iPhone. Even Woz admitted that he does that in a recent interview. Maybe we shouldn't be so surprised by the numbers in the NYT piece (even if their shoddy) as I recall, it is standard practice in Hong Kong for people to carry more than one cell phone (one work, one personal) maybe we are starting to see that trend spread. For canada, look into BootUp labs, their based out of Vancouver. Their doing lots of stuff in the Vancouver Start-up community, part of which includes operating an incubator fund. I think Jon is completely missing the point of 'failure'. Failure doesn't mean that you created something which lost money and completely disappeared. We hear often about business which change their model from where they started. Therefore, the first 'idea' was a failure. I believe the 'it's ok to fail' speaks more about 'it's ok for not everything to be a success, but don't give up'. That is completely missed in this article. John quotes Mark Pincus founder of Zynga and Tribe. Pincus himself has described Tribe as a failure. Perhaps failure is in the eye of the failer. Dustin is absolutely right that Microsoft needs to figure out a better way of 'what needs to happen automagically, and what doesn't'. The other side of this is of course the mac. With my mac I often feel like it's doing a bunch of things for me, and not letting me know what that is. I think Mac goes to far in the other direction. That is very interesting. I am sure both companies break their teams into smaller units of 5-20 people. But the structure of that environment might be quite telling. What are the cross-sections that the dev teams work under? Who reports to what sections, what does this group feel their job is vs. that group? etc. etc. This was a point I kinda commented on to Fred a few weeks ago, and I was surprised that Sarbox isn't a main concern anymore. However your point about 'cheap or easy' is precisely what may help the IPO market credibility. If it were cheap and easy and everybody could do it, we would be back to the bubble (in theory). With the right tools and people who can work with it, the companies that truly are ready for IPO can make it work. The author states '. Evolutionary theory suggests that in order for them to be still here, there must be some kind of survival advantage to them.' However, if this were true, wouldn't that mean illnesses like Cancer would also have a survival advantage? I'm not familiar with Smalltalk, but I find it interesting that the author's concern for the future of Ruby code is that it is 'just too easy to make a mess'. This seems to be the common argument as to why Ruby is better than PHP. I actually pointed this out to Rick Segal (quoted in the article) via a tweet as the catch-22 of Canadian Venture Capital. Kevin Talbot talks about his office at UofT which he expects to be lined-up with students trying to pitch ideas, but the entrepreneurial spirit isn't feeding the system of venture funds. At the same time, Canada is unable to raise significant VC funds because of the lack of Canadian VC's ability to capitalize on investments in the past. This is a cycle of lack of funds will result in lack of companies getting funded which results in lack of returns. So, how do we solve this problem for Canada? It's an interesting idea, though I'm not sure how often I would want to see an 'analysis' of my call history. However, I suspect their are other things that you can do for users with that same data. For instance, you recognize the 'most called' numbers, so rather than the phone book being just alphabetical, maybe it would be functional to have it first display 'most called', that sort of thing. Or maybe it has value for businesses when you combine the data from many of their devices. Just a few thoughts. Clearly you've built the technology, i'm just wondering what is the best application of it. Wouldn't the purpose of porting to ARM be to run on smart-phones and other handheld devices. Seems to me most netbooks are running on the Atom processor which is x86 based. The comments that the author makes regarding peripherals and legacy applications shouldn't be as big an issue, as you're not dealing with a 'this should run on a pc' mentality, but rather 'will this run on a mobile device'. Nobody looks at their iphone and wonders why they can't run photoshop. Yet, it is an ARM port of OSX. I strongly disagree that Joel & Jeff have built their FogBuz/StackOverflow for the sole purpose of cashing in on conferences. FogBuz & StackOverflow aren't under the 'guise' of helping the community. They actually are incredible resources. Just because these two are putting on conferences does not mean that they didn't create very valuable resources. I think this author is also wrong about the costs of putting on a conference, but the key is that if the conferences don't offer value, they won't last and they won't get attendance. A conference is a product just like anything else, if the product is bad, people won't pay for it. The way it is understanding and interpreting the queries I find amazing. Seems like a big step in AI (to the public at least). The results are equally interesting, i hope it can live up to the hype. It may depend on where you are. In Vancouver, BootupLabs (or the Vancouver Entrepreneur Society) is holding a 'Founder meet-up' night to try to connect start-ups looking for co-founders with people who might be interested. First I'd make sure you know the skillset that you want. Then look through your connections to see who might fit the bill. Equity over pay shouldn't be the first thing you consider as a 'quality' of a co-founder. If it's the right person, and the right concept, go from there. As far as the 'court' thing goes, I'm not sure why you would be concerned, as long as you can prove that you wrote the code before joining the company. Seeing as you are open with sharing your code, you can do it in such a way that it builds your cred as a coder, and it could even be a bit of PR for your boss (if you want it to be). But I'd definitely sit down with your boss, and explain the situation. If you're with a small company, I don't see why it would be an issue. Best of luck Seems you have a few competing opinions here, but I think there are a few key themes that you need to consider 1) Ethical 2) Legal 3) Financial 4) Processes 5) I'm sure their are others From the sounds of the sounds of things, your boss is still in development. Has the product you have been working on been released into the wild yet? It is unethical to be working on a competing product while working for your employer. However, remember that Woz approached HP with his idea, and they said no so he went and built Apple. Legal commitments from non-compete are not always binding. You didn't say what country or state you are in, but you can check that out yourself. If you are happy ethically with leaving the company to start a competitor. Note that this happens all the time. Lots of ad agencies are started by former ad execs who jump ship and go out on their own, often stealing clients from their former employer. Do you really want to start your own business? if so, is this the business you want to start? or is it just that you like this product? A product does not make a business. So I'd consider that very carefully as well. Is your 'planned' product so much better than what your current employer that you can truly build a business around it? This might be an opportunity for you to learn a TON and get lots of experience and move up in the company you are working for. If the change is significant enough, you may be able to put yourself in a position where you are leading significant parts of the initiative. In the end, I don't think you can get very far without at least discussing some things with your current employer, so if the relationship is solid enough, maybe sit down with them and talk about it. You don't have to give them your entire product ideas, but let them know that you think they are going in the wrong direction and see how they take it. Their reaction could/should be a big eye-opener into what direction you want to take. That's actually a really good idea. I wonder if PG considered that people might upvote without actually looking at the entry first. I only vote after I have read a piece. I would have assumed that their were algorithms which recognize that an article was retrieved from the 'most popular' list and therefore not weight it as much as a 'discovered link'. A quick look at the network provider on wikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telecom_New_Zealand Points to this being a CDMA provider, meaning this opens the iPhone to many more carriers in North America. Well it doesn't look like you have much content. The after looking around a bit, i found the 'shop' icon, but thought I was already in it, as it was highlighted. But clicking on the shop brought me to an alphabetical product list by brand. Is this really the way people shop? Particularly on a site which is loaded with reviews, I'd expect to shop by product type, and then make a purchase decision based on the reviews/scores. The way you have it, as far as I can tell, you are expecting people to select a brand, and then look at the products by that brand. That doesn't seem efficient or effective. You really need to work on usability. You've clearly done design work, but navigation needs a lot of work. 'release' is identified as an end. But web projects and businesses don't or shouldn't 'end'. It is a continuous cycle of invention, so at the 'end', you are really at the beginning of defining the next stage. I think all you need to do is go back to look at the conferences in the past and see who launched. Here's TC50 from 2007 http://www.techcrunch50.com/2007/ You'll recognize a few names who are doing very well now, However compare that to last year http://www.techcrunch50.com/2008/ and I don't recognize a single company their as reaching a critical mass in the last year. The article assumes that $100 million is a large spend for a search engine launch, though a quick search on google points to Ask.com allocating $100 million to their 2007 ad campaign, and that didn't seem to do much for them. http://searchengineland.com/askcom-goes-weird-creepy-with-ne... I couldn't find any official ask.com numbers. As this is HN, I'm surprised their isn't more support for Ethanol. Using data and statements from 1995 and earlier isn't realistic. Significant gains have been made in Ethanol production and North American auto standards didn't require engines to be E85 compliant until 1998. The statistics as to the effectiveness of Ethanol greatly depends on the source fuel, and the process for extracting ethanol. We didn't stop creating solar panels because they didn't create enough power. We support the initiatives and continue to develop the technology so it can live up to its potential. Same thing with Ethanol, and it is getting to be very good, and further improvements in the processing, as well as materials will result in an effective energy source as a stop gap until we can move the majority of transportation fuels to even cleaner sources. Sorry, but we aren't going to switch all the existing infrastructure from gas to electric with a 10 year span. Ethanol can take the place of gasoline without detrimentally effecting the system. I am from Canada, so our ethanol production numbers are better than the US because the majority of our ethanol production is powered by hydro, rather than coal or nuclear. Today many ethanol producers in North America are using corn (not all). Some plants are now able to make ethanol from corn cobs which is a waste product. Others are trying switch grass, wood chips and of course sugar cane. Let's not throw the baby out with the bath water. As a technology and entrepreneurial community, I'd expect HN members to see the potential of ethanol. Anybody want to explain all the negativity? Does everybody here really believe that oil and all the drilling, transportation and processing is better for the world than growing fuels - corn, sugar cane or other? much of the increase in food prices was not due to a lack of availability, but where a result of 1) rice disease killing of significant ammounts of the rice crop 2008 2) cost of fuel increases (oil, not ethanol) and the resulting increase in transportation costs. it isn't intuitively different from Google, and that is a disappointment. I understand that they have done a bunch of UI stuff which is supposed to make it a better search service, but what exactly are these? The hover-triggered contexts don't really provide me with much more than the summary below the title. Seems redundant. The left navigation bar I thought was supposed to have a bunch of cool features. I'm only seeing my search history. That may be a nice to have, but it isn't a game changer. The snow leopard is awful, and isn't that the Mac line of products? I love this part of your question, should he 'try it or not?' I have to ask, why would he not? You said he's already a good programmer, has lots to add, he wants to be more involved, so I'd say, yes he should try it. It isn't as if he is going to loose his programming skills. I actually think that depending on the structure of the project/company he is working with, a product manager who is also a great programmer can have a very positive effect on managing less experienced programmers. If he finds he isn't very good at it, or doesn't like it, is there anything stopping him from going back to being a programmer? When posed with a 'should I or shouldn't I' question, my default is always yes, unless I can come up with a good reason not to do it! I can't say that this is the site that I've been looking for, but you might be on to something. However, you have a bit of a catch-22 with respect to the sign-up vs. experience this without signing up. I didn't sign-up, and therefore, you can't show me anything. You also don't describe anything on your home page, so I don't know if sign-up means I'll need to download a plug-in, no plugin, do I need to tell you how it works. A good way to demo it for people is to maybe show how many people near them visited your site? They don't need to see the person details. Maybe a 'here is what's popular near you' list, or something like that. Just to get a bit of interest going and show that you have some data. I think a big thing you've done wrong on your site is the 'these people both read ...'. I don't care what they read if I don't read it. Therefore, if you can show me how it relates to me, that is likely a better avenue I think. Of course you can install Ubuntu, but it sounds very strange that your laptop is THAT poor at running Vista. I ran Vista for about 8 months before upgrading to Windows 7, and though Vista definately did some ridiculously stupid things, I never had issues with 'performance' (I'm running 64 bit version for mysql). You didn't say who the laptop vendor was. How long have you had the laptop. If it is that poor, I'd return it and get another one. I've been running Windows 7 for a few weeks now, and it has been a really good experience. A few bugs (window flickering, and strangely HDMI doesn't support sound), but I have no problem recommending it. And for the time being it is free. I personally think your installation demo would lead directly to a no sale. There are a few reasons. In your demo video 1) The first thing you show is an error. I understand why you do this, but saying to somebody 'here's the error that comes up when you first start' isn't a great experience. 2) I suspect that the installation looks overly complicated to anybody who is not already familiar with how to set-up a website and sql, and you even go on to show them how they can change their settings in text if they need to. If you made it so simple, why do they need that info. You also take the viewer to a command prompt, and look at their database tables. Non of this spells 'Unprecedented Ease' to me. 3) You don't show what making an actual web-page is like. I suspect that is going to be the most important thing for most people. They can probably get through the install (though I suspect you should be able to make it an better experience), but I want to know what it looks like to build a site. Looking at your documentation on 'creating a page' 1) you say that a user entering a field in to a form must put the '_' character between words. If this is so simple, you should be doing that for the user. Don't let the user make a mistake, you're supposed to be taking care of them. 2) 'Now for the really interesting part' you say. Put this code in the form??? wait, if you're making this so easy for me, why do I need to know code? Plus this is now code that I would need to learn, so I am going to need to learn how you think it is best to implement. Basically, similar to apsurd, I think you've gone middle of the road here. You've taken out some of the work for programmers who probably don't mind writing the code, and you haven't made it simple enough for non-coders, and you're forcing them to learn too much stuff. i doubt a new iphone would damage the pre app store negatively. or are you saying if apple doesn't release anything new, it would benefit the pre? the reason i would read more into this than just 'it's time to move on' is when all 3 founders leave at the same time. or is that more common than i would suspect? it's a decent idea, the problem i see is that i think the service only really applies to bigger bands. for indies, how many people would you really have bidding up the value of these items? i also think as a complete service, it might not work. would i go to your site to go and find memorabilia? i would expect to go directly to th artist page, so a widget might work, but why wouldn't the artist use ebay? do you have 'non-viable' ideas? can you refine them to be viable? do you not have many ideas? or do you just think they are not that good. Though i agree with the whole passion thing, their are lots of people who are successful because they are passionate about creating or passionate about business rather than just their ideas. two ideas on finding ideas 1) get dissatisfied. find something things you don't like and figure out how to make them better 2) get playful. try new things. have you written a mobile app? build one. have you seen the new mozilla video stuff? try writing tools for stuff like that, or business surrounding the newly created technologies. as you play, you learn, and may discover new opportunities. Well, once in on the site, it is really very bland looking. It isn't difficult to read, but there isn't an effective call to action either. This could be because i have no idea what I would use it for. If i were you, i'd make it more like a news game. Not sure how you would accomplish this, but that could give it a more realistic spin and attract a diverse group. Most of the stuff I'm seeing on the site falls strongly into the 'who cares' column. Maybe you should take a few current news topics and have those as headlines and get users involved with something everybody is familiar with. As it currently stands, i'd spend a lot more time on design and marketing (figuring out how you are going to get people to use it/spread it). I don't find it usable/workable as it is, and I feel your opportunity for success with the current version is very limited. I wouldn't go into any sort of public beta with this. I actually feel it is too early for you to be doing private beta, but I know it can be difficult to get honest feedback from aquiaintences. Don't read what I'm saying as 'this can't be successful'. Your idea has merit, you could make something of this, but you have to have a better product than you currently have, even in closed beta. My biggest complaint about Tesla and the reason Musk is not ready to 'Run Detroit' is that we have not seen manufacturing innovations from Tesla, and it seems they are building a similar infrastructure to the Detroit. Compare that with Fisker who is designing and marketing cars while leaving manufacturing and distribution to those with expertise. What other modern consumer brand manages the entire eco-system from design to sale? (somewhat ignoring the fact that the Tesla Roadster parts was sourced by Lotus, the Tesla sedan I believe is completely an in house product). apple isn't doing their own manufacturing, they outsourced that years ago. Apple is a design & marketing company, much like Fisker. (sure they have some of their own 'flagship' stores, but I doubt the majority of Macs/ipods/iphones are purchased through these outlets. I somewhat agree with ErrantX, but I think it depends on what stage of the sale you are at. I received an intro e-mail sales letter months ago which was more than a screen long and went on into too much detail for an intro. If you are trying to get a client, i don't think this works. You have to get them interested with a catch, and give them a bit of info, and let them come to you to get more, or follow-up with more. Overload at the beginning is a big no no i believe. I've learned two important things about marketing in the last year 1) Virality doesn't come from what you build, you have to get it into the hands/minds of people who will make it viral or viral isn't code/product/design it is people powered. The deadliest bug in the world could have all the potential to wreak havoc, but if it doesn't get spread by the right people at the beginning, it isn't going to go anywhere 2) you have to keep marketing. You can launch a product and it can do fairly well, but marketing is an ongoing task. Getting people to use it is FAR from impossible. Let's look at it a bit of a different way. If I understand it correctly, this could be used to identify trolls and such. Makes me think about the NIN rant of last week. So, let's say you built your first go of this on top of something like the Disqus API, and convince a few sites to use it. Maybe create a few simple plug-ins for forum services, etc. All far from impossible. Don't go the 'boil the ocean' route where you try to grab everything at once. Piggybacking on OpenID is a decent idea (as mentioned already), but personally, i believe that OpenID is far from a success (it isn't mainstream yet). You could potentially create a system that piggybacks on Facebook Connect, Google Friend Connect, etc. and as long as you have a simple enough way for to hook into the service, I think you could get some traction. I'm wondering why Google would make and post this video. Doesn't it just prove that they are entering a market that not only is completely misunderstood, but also shouldn't matter to the average person? I use and like Chrome, but understand that the average person doesn't and shouldn't have to care about what browser they use. I'm not a lawyer, so take this with a grain of salt. 1)You say this 'amendment' comes out of nowhere. If it was an amendment and you haven't signed it, is it valid? 2)A shall not indirectly contact C. But you have already indirectly contacted C through B. As B was aware of this, I'd think this should be void. I would also think that you getting an @C e-mail address kinda shows that you have already been in contact with C, assuming C doesn't give e-mail addresses to people with no connection to C. 3)If C is a start-up with no value, and B is nothing, why are you even worrying about this? go out and get some business without B or C - I'm assuming your contract doesn't say that you have to work exclusively with B. If it does, than I wouldn't say B has nothing, as they have you! I see and appreciate your point, but i disagree that this is the reason for Google to enter the market and educate the people. People shouldn't have to worry about phishing scams, etc. That should all be managed for them. When you go to put gas in your car, you don't worry about what is in the mixture, or what station you buy it from, where they sourced it, etc.etc. it is just as complicated if not more so, and yet the system just works. We need to find a way to manage these challenges for the user, and I don't believe a new browser is the way to do it. I don't have the answer to how this should be handled, but I think the idea that we can 'train' non-technical people to understand and then care about this is naive. I really like the well designed site. Well laid out and easy to use. However, your paid model feels a lot like ExpertSexchange.com, a much loathed site, and it seems you are dealing in very small dollar amounts which means that managing the cost/payment process creates increased overhead and adds complexity to the system where it may not be needed, and the dollar amounts may not be high enough to be worth the extra headaches. (if an answer was worth $10-20 I'd be singing a different tune). There may be other revenue opportunities outside of advertising (though you're in the right market for lots of advertisers). I would think a pacemaker battery could be charged off the body itself better and more efficiently than via ambient radiation, but I'm no expert in the field. Assuming the outcome is that most successful start-up founders are skinny, what would that be a sign of? High metabolism/energy and efficient energy use? Daily marathon like work sessions? Macro view of a healthy lifestyle? Other? I think it depends on what you are doing. If your site is something socially connected, where people are likely to want to share their activities with friends, then I think it makes sense. If it is more of a stand-alone thing, I think it is disliked. If you are doing anything in the enterprise realm, I would strongly suggest staying away from FB. Is the login functionality central to your idea? Or can people use your site without the login? At the same time, I think it gets confusing to have too many options for login as well. I sometimes go to a site and try to remember if I created my own login, used FB Connect, or OpenID or what. Here's the quote from BBC He added: "Western governments, including the UK, don't allow you to build networks without having this functionality." http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/technology/8112550.stm Looks like you are talking about on a desktop keyboard. If that is the case, no I wouldn't want to have a trackpad instead of my numberpad (even though I don't use the numberpad much). However, I had this discussion with a friend a few months ago when he was trying to decide what laptop to buy. He couldn't decide between two models because one had a number pad, and the other didn't. If laptop makers would merge the two, that could be interesting. Something like hold the function key, and your trackpad becomes your number pad. Sure you don't get keypress feedback, but it's better than having all your numbers across the top row. I've had some experience in this space, and good on you for tackling a very challenging issue. I really like how you've done your interface, the ability to add and filter by a fairly easily understood group of labels. Unfortunately, you still have a lot of work to do on the quality of playlists being created. I started with funk/slow temp and got back Neil Young and the Beach Boys. I kept going and added 'bass', and I have a very twangy harmonica filled blue grassish track by "the trouser legs of time". The best I have seen to date is http://theperceptron.com/ which was written by a girl from the UK (I believe a CS student as well). Looks like they opensourced their technology too, check it out (their site used to play the tracks, but apparently it doesn't anymore) :( http://theperceptron.com/blog First off, I have no idea what your site is all about. Why would I go to this site, why did you create it. From a design perspective, it is simple, but very dark and hard to read. Reversed text (darker background, lighter print) can work for headlines, but for larger bodies of text it is more difficult to read. Unfortunately, the way I see it you haven't communicated what it is and why i'd use it, and you also haven't designed it well enough from a strictly visual standpoint to make it usable. from a quick usability standpoint, i'd make the entire recipe div clickable, and not just the title and image. Also, your text goes to a light grey on hover, which conventionally is 'unavailble'. I'd go with the blue you use for the headlines on hovers. not sure if I'm doing something wrong, but the message says 't to take wander around, thats cool with us'. However, all it lets me do is see the newest members, so i'm not getting to really wander very far. Clicking a new member just returns me to that page. Am I doing something wrong? I do like the design, very sparse yet not overly cold. I like the simple and clean layout of your site, but would really like to see a bit more either with screenshots or demo video. Your description leaves lots of questions. You say it's an 'application and service', does that mean it requires a download? Is it open to the public? or do you set-up groups, etc. These are some of the questions I'd like to have answered before signing-up. At the moment, I'm not sure how I'd use the service. I believe you've don a big 'no-no' with respect to including users e-mail addresses in the url. I gave you an e-mail address that I don't use, so don't care, but I'm pretty sure you don't want to do that, you should encode it with a secret key, or use user-id's. Now that i've signed in, I have absolutely no idea what to do. How do I create a new entry? How do I invite people? Can I only have one 'main' page and I have to edit that? I can't say I have a real need for a product like this, but my gut instinct tells me that if I did have a need, I would want to create and share multiple documents with different people. What are you doing that I can't do with shared documents on services like Google Docs? Are you going for something like a simpler to use evernote? I'm still not getting exactly what it is that is supposed to be shared. Great to see IE7's significant drop, should make life easier on developers. Does anybody know how these stats are gathered, or what they mean when they say 'market share'? Is it % of internet traffic requests by browser? or % of downloads/installs? I'm wondering if browser market share is based on users primary browser, using stats from companies like compete, or if it is based on downloads or some other metric. I have IE, Safari And Opera only for testing purposes, I do most development in Firefox due to firebug, and use Chrome as my main browser. So how would I be counted in this survey? I think this is important because if it is based on % of traffic, non-OEM browsers (Firefox, Chrome) could appear to have more traffic than default installed browsers (IE/Safari) simply because the users of Firefox & Chrome spend more time on more sites. Thoughts? I think calling anywhere 'Silicon Valley North' is more an attempt at marketing the location to businesses, rather than actually reflecting a 'Silicon Valley' like area where investment, technology, risk taking and knowledge or access to knowledge intersect. I've heard Vancouver referred to as Hollywood North, but a significant portion of Film/TV production actually happens in Vancouver. How many start-up successes have you heard of from Ottawa? I believe that in the past few years, Facebook has had fairly major releases which coincided with F8. I personally think that now that the apps are mostly hidden from the main page, there are less developers focusing on the Facebook platform, so they might not have seen the value in putting on a big event like F8 when there isn't anything new to release, and they wouldn't get the PR/traffic from the event. If I were you, I'd take this as a very strong warning sign that maybe this isn't the person you want to go into business with. However, you may have an exit. What makes the company his company? Just having a registered company doesn't automatically give him control of the code and business. Who registered the URL (assuming you have one) who's been paying for the server? Are there any other direct connections you have to the business? Did you get anything in writting about the terms you had agreed to? Have you approached your friend about your concerns? Before flying off the handle, make sure that he truly is trying to change the terms. Hopefully it is all just a misunderstanding, but be aware that from here on, you'll likely have to protect yourself. Though I agree with the statement above, it also depends on how much customization you will need to do, or what sort of modules you will need to add. The Drupal architecture may be a bit of overkill for what you are looking to do. I've done a very little bit of work on both, and Joomla is easier to understand, and therefore simpler to work with for smaller customized code pieces. So, if Joomla meets your requirements with it's core install (or with only a few add ons), I'd go Joomla. If you need more extensibility, then go Drupal. I've seen this debate come up many times, and I think people are trying to make a distinction that doesn't always exist. Sure we can always point at something and say it's an outlier (thanks to Gladwell), but if we thought about it, we could rattle off 100s of companies which could really be considered 'features'. The author's examples are pretty horrible, but consider... Xobni is an extension to outlook, and yet they have built a solid business from this. Flickr's photo sharing was a feature of a game they were developing before they turned it into a stand-alone business. Blue-Ray, Dolby, THX can all be considered 'features' as they are not a product in themselves, but an improvement of an existing product. Gracenote & AMG metadata services. I suspect many of these were originally thought of as features before a business model was discovered for them. Though you could end up with a load of URLs, titles, and a summary text, crawling google won't really get you to the important data in building a search engine. No follow-on links, only a subset of the text, no referrals, etc. Love the 'paradox' of the infinite spider loop, hadn't considered that before. Here's an angel term sheet from Basil Peters. Lots of good stuff on his site. http://www.angelblog.net/Venture_Term_Sheets.html I think it was more of a 'test' than an 'accident'. About a month ago I couldn't find the free version, and it took a ton of hunting around to get to it. I suspect they were measuring the drop in app sign-ups, or if people just would pay. I'd be surprised if this type of accident would survive a month at google. Strange title as the articles conclusion points directly to creating electricity from hydrogen for homes, rather than cars. That's the beauty of electric cars. For the most part they don't care what the source of their electricity is. Of course, using Google as a seed list more than crawling only google. Not sure why I didn't think of that. I believe Sierra Wireless tried something like this in the 2nd gen Voq, which I don't think ever got released. Here's the 1st version. http://www.windowsfordevices.com/articles/AT9343931131.html The problem with this layout is that it is unbalanced to have the weight of the phone in the center with the smaller and lighter wings splaying out to the sides. The difference in widths/weight, results in a rocking motion of the device and it gets uncomfortable trying to hang on to the thing (I built myself up a prototype once of a very similar design, and it didn't feel good at all). Which part? Concern? Interestingly, the growth over the last 6 months has been fairly consistent. Check out the 'max' option, and from the start of the big jump in January, its been quite consistent. I think things on the site have remained pretty good through the growth, but then again, maybe it is the constant evolving change. I'm curious how different the entries are from last year. I think there is less a risk of the quality of HN degrading due to the fact that most people don't submit. It would be interesting to see the stats on what % of users submit, what % leave comments, what % vote, and compare that with overall visits. I suspect most of the growth has come from readers only. What do you say PG? have you got those stats? That was my original comment, but then I made the assumption they were referring to the explosive growth in 2009. I disagree. The purpose of android may be specifically so google can own more of your time and link more closely with your digital life. On iPhone & Blackberry, there are default services. You'll get a .mac address and sign into itunes, on blackberry there is that somewhat useless messenger, and I think a few other things. On the phone, google can be the connection to your contacts, they'll own search, push their voice and look-up services, etc. etc. Lots of things they can do on the phone, and there are some interesting and unexpected business models that come from that. I recently read that google-4-1-1 is using the huge number of calls for voice recognition technology (understanding speech, not keying in on a specific persons voice). They need the voices in order to improve the technology, and then they can license that tech. I believe that came from the book 'what would google do'. I'm about 300k too, but that includes stuff that the users likely have cached like facebook connect, jquery served by google. It also includes the ajax loaded files, so the user gets the page at 60k, but then their is another 240k to load before it is really usable. I think the term 'design' can be misleading as it has a few connotations. If you think craigslist or drudge report, you can say design doesn't matter because, they are ugly sites. But there are lots of sights that have nice colors and images but aren't usable. I couldn't find a link to your site, so I can't figure out where you fit in. For design, go usable first, then dress it up. like building a house, foundation, make sure the door is in the right place, you've got a nice driveway, etc. Get a site people can look at. Then add the layers of 'design'. Take a look at apple.com (the mac page is probably better than the home page for a comparison http://apple.com/mac ). As usual via their minimalism, there is a ton of design, but you almost want to click on stuff. Compare it to linux.com, less enticing, then try microsoft.com. I personally fall victim to overloading people with content, and not giving enough direction. Less is often more. Cool that these guys have built a tool/stack to implement a complete hadoop/postgre layer (if I understood the article correctly). But it brings up the question... Why is data and data processing outstripping hardware capabilities at such an alarming rate? Is this whole non-relational database performance the right direction? or should we be focusing on new hardware solutions? Not that google owns the 'wave' label, but with more than a few months of knowing Google is making a run for a big 'wave', wouldn't you have thought adobe would have gone for a new name (though they obviously would have already had the wave name before google was public with it). As far as desktop app for notifications when friends make status updates, i don't find it really compelling. I hadn't seen the original article, and maybe I just block out all the 'follow me on twitter here' links, because that is barely recognizable to me as being everywhere. At the same time it is an interesting practice in call to actions. Though i really wish we could see a comparison of a button vs. text. Are people more likely to recognize a button as clickable vs. just text? and how would that compare? Does text on the button have similar effects? etc.etc. Well, it seems you have a great service for Chamonix, and that's a good start. I live in Whistler, and have been somewhat affiliated with this market in the past. From a usability perspective, your homepage didn't really make me want to click on anything. It didn't make me want to enter a search. You've got a great big photo of a mountain, and you tell me what you do, but I often prefer to be 'shown'. Basically, i think you've got a bunch of text, and actually using the service looks to be somewhat secondary. Once I actually go to the listings chamonix/accomodations page, the layout isn't super easy to browse through. I use a 3 column layout like you do for featured items, but find a list much more easy to read when you have lots of listings. The accomodation view pages I really quite like. This is of course one of the most important pages on your site. It is very clearly laid out, and usable. Lots of pictures is good, etc. what is your plan on spreading this beyond Chamonix? i took a quick look at some of the top google results for 'find location properties', and the first few results were not very appealing, which is very surprising. you may have found yourself a good market here. This makes me wonder if the reason we haven't seen major threats on other mobile devices/platforms is due more to the lack of a market penetration vs. a lack of security. It's the old 'Apple doesn't get viruses' argument in reverse. Not as many viruses targeted Macs because it had a smaller user base, so they focused on Windows. Now that Apple has serious traction with a device which is in someways ideally suited to forwarding the virus, they are becoming the focus on an attack. I find this video terribly short on rebuttal, other than statements such as 'the entire population of the world could live on a land mass the size of Texas', and 'do the math'. He also says the population will peak in 30 years and then go back down. Why? Is it going down because we'll run out the ability to feed people ;) What math? He hasn't given us any Math to do! I'm all for open dialog on the issue, but I need more than a youTube video with a bunch of statements that don't make much sense to me. I'm not sure why I bothered going to the website, but it looks like this was produced by a group who is against 'abortion, abortifacient contraception, and chemical and surgical sterilization'. So, now we know their angle. It doesn't look like it's really about overpopulation as much as these other issues. A company I once worked for brought in a new IT manager who implemented all sorts of absolutely crazy rules like this. Including setting the screensaver and wallpaper for every computer and blocking users from changing it. Not long after he arrived it was discovered that a few of the guys in IT were using company servers and network to run a porn site. Some of the stuff you mention is moderately defensible. Like iTunes (you're supposed to be working). But Skype and IM like e-mail are great productivity tools if used properly. And Skype can save a company bunch of money too. I'd say there is a great market opportunity for somebody to figure out how to answer the problems you are describing. Giving IT the confidence and info that they want, while enabling the tools you are being blocked from using. I just found LingPipe on Monday, and haven't had a chance to try it yet. But it has 'entity extraction' in text mining. Not sure if that is what you're looking for. It's a Java library. http://alias-i.com/lingpipe/ anybody have any comments about it? The start-up is shutting down, so it isn't 1.31 million so far, it's 1.31 million. And it isn't as if he is saying anything about the investors, or any secret information being released. He's trying to explain why the start-up failed in order to help others. At the same time, the title 'the little secret' seems very misleading, unless I'm missing something. Is there one statement in particular that struck you as offensive or 'dirty laundry'ish? Very good points grellas. Particularly on the 'inexperiened entrepreneurs not able to pre-negotiate terms'. I think this may often come down to the essential 'not knowing what you don't know'. I responded to Ricks blog that i use a boilerplate document and go through line by line to figure out what the important talking points are. Then you can at least get those pinned down before the lawyers come in. I normally comment on Fred's blog, but it looks like Disqus is down. I actually somewhat disagree with both Fred and Jason on this. Fred is right that investing in search would have been the wrong move. But I think both are looking at the deal as if Microsoft was buying Yahoo! Search Technology, which is not the case. So I'd be looking at this from an indirect approach and saying what did/should/would Yahoo! do to have increased the value of their audience to a search technology. In some ways, Yahoo! only brought audience and got out of the search technology business which they were clearly loosing. Do we really expect Bing to learn much from Yahoo search? In the last 4 years, has Yahoo! really had a chance in this space? I'm not sure what Yahoo! should/could/would/did to increase the value of their audience to Microsoft. Any ideas? I had some thoughts on this during the early days of the web, recognizing that the travel agent business was in jeopardy, i thought they would 'refactor' themselves as the travel experts for their area. Apparently, not the case. There are lots of sites going after the market much like Travelmuse/tripwolf. Have you tried planeteye or dopplr? I'm not sure if they are any better. In many ways, I think these sites are trying to do what you describe, though I don't think anybody has cracked it yet. Of course tripadvisor is another good source which I have relied on from time to time. Hope you had a great time in BC, and made it up to my hometown of Whistler too. I second dannyr. I too am a solo founder. I believe that the challenges of being solo are a combination of psychological and business. From a psychological perspective. You'll have ups and downs in business. Good days where you think you're the best, bad days when you wonder why you're doing this at all, and of course, everything in between. A co-founder understands the different stages, and you get to celebrate/commiserate and continually motivate each other. From a business perspective, I think it's easier to understand. Nobody can know everything. Different angles of how to approach the business (and sometimes but maybe to a lesser degree the technology). Is one an expert in marketing while the other is a product person? If the partnership is a strong symbiotic relationship, then you are clearly more than the sum of the parts. Plus, two people can get more done in the same amount of time as one (not always, but usually). Two people have 1.23xxx times more network (lots of overlap), etc. etc. Your first paragraph made sense. I think you lost it in the IE5.8 world. Which is why you may have been down-voted. I think the point being that removing/unbundling the browser may not be as important as making sure that users aren't only locked in to using your browser. I was always suspicious of this 'no browser' thing. How did they expect people to select and then download a browser without a browser already installed? Sure you could have installed files which connect to ftp or something like that, but is it really worth making new users go through that? I think the solution they are going with is great, as it lets average users know other browsers exist. But i suspect most will still stick with IE. I am caught wondering if the placement of Google, and the big google logo might be a boon to Chrome, as lots of people I'm sure will start and think 'oh, i want to go to google', clicking the link and thinking that is what it does. Decent article, though I really wish reporters would either find some evidence that AT&T is behind the removal of GV, or at least stop reporting that as a fact. AT&T doesn't control the app store, that's all Apple, and I don't believe GV is available on any non-US Apple app stores, so this isn't only an AT&T issue. Great to see a legal team get involved in the community like this and offer a helping hand. I'm sure it will be good for there business in the long run. And if an jailbroken iphone is such a threat to the towers, at what point do we point the finger at apple saying it is there responsibility to ensure their device can't crash the towers. Anti-competitive practices are not even related to the case/issue of what they allow/disallow in the app store. You'd be amazed how few people can figure out what your name means and why . I named my first company ZiFiMusic because it was a online radio play, and it sounded kinda like HiFi & WiFi (this was years ago when lots of people were just equating WiFi with internet). Of the few people who ever heard of it, a high percentage referred to it as (Ziffy), 'cause they just didn't get it. But I asked them what Ziffy meant to them and they said 'fast', so I figured that was still good. With my most recent name, i went with HearWhere because it shows you where you can go for live music so Where do you go to Hear. People get that instantly. Except both words have multiple spellings (HereWear, etc.). Lesson Learned. Hopefully I'll do better on my next try. It's still a startup if you aren't funded. If you haven't launched, that I'll leave up to a judgement call. I haven't seen a palm pre yet (we don't have them in Canada), but I believe there is more than a bit of marketing hype in this. Lots of people complain about their iPhones, and i HATE my mac, but get railed for saying so (and I fully expect to get down voted here for saying it). Part of the Apple marketing magic is droning on about how great they are, and it seems to me most people go along with that. I'm not saying the iPhone isn't a great device, but I don't think you can rely on these kinds of stats when you are talking about one company with a cult-like following and another that is just trying to get back after years of mis-steps. They actually moved up the end date, it was originally supposed to stop on Friday. Thanks for the reminder. The 'where' page is empty. Anybody know where this is happening? what city? That might be a key bit of info. I completely agree with the comments on design, but ignoring that for now. I'm not completely sure you've done the best job explaining what you are doing. 'So you don't have to mess with your browser in the heat of a conversation', my first thought is 'So instead, i have to mess with this other application, download it, and figure out how to use it, and hope it does what I want, when I know I have a perfectly good choice of browsers.' What problem are you really solving? Now I realize that you are making connections between web-searches, and topics in the conversation, but is that something that people are willing to provide data on? Wouldn't you be monitoring conversations for keywords to accomplish this task? I'm with you on Where's Google, adding Where's Facebook, Where's Skype, Ebay, Yahoo! etc. etc. It would be great to see a report like this which considers web companies, as they have been the darlings of growth over the last decade. How many of these companies would have met the $50Million revenue within 12 years? Ebay was Net Revenues of $413.9 million in Q4 2002. Skype $125 Million for Q1 2008 You'd be amazed at what you'll learn in the processes of creating it. That is where the value will come in. Maybe it will be a big success exactly as you envision it. Maybe it won't. But clearly it isn't an easy challenge, so you'll likely create value (at least for yourself) in the process of trying. I believe this article (and all the MySpace neigh sayers) are misreading the data. They are looking for MySpace 'users' and assuming these people exist. Isn't it possible that as a social network, MySpace has failed, but that the site still has a huge number of visitors. Music fans will regularly end up on MySpace site due to the number of artists, and high google ranking. But that doesn't mean these people are MySpace users. They may not have a MySpace account, but they are regularly counted in the visits. I've had consistent issues with 3.5 crashing. I attributed it to firebug, but am not sure. Have you seen this from TechCrunch? http://www.techcrunch.com/2009/08/08/i-want-to-love-firefox-... i've been thinking about this considerably lately. Isn't this in many ways what facebook has done with FBML? Just created there own tags, and get a javascript to manipulate it? I understand that it is a dtd, but can't you create any element you want and define it's behaviour in a dtd? I'm still just getting into the research on this. It is a nice and simple interface, but I'm not sure about the sorting algorithm. For instance, searching 'to do list' returns epicurious, loopt, etc on the first page. It is acceptable that these would be returned somewhere, but not on the first page, when there are tons of proper 'to do list' apps out there. I like to start with an introduction of what you are going to accomplish. No more than one page, hopefully only 1/2 page. Then a SWOT. Then a SlideDeck (I use Prezi.com). I wouldn't go down the road of a proper 'business plan' unless you are going to a bank for a loan. You won't follow it, and you won't up date it. Get the basics down, and then go from there. Assume that even what you create won't be seen by anybody else. It is often more of a guide for yourself (depending on your situation/organization of course). This isn't that new, and historically has proven to not be very effective in classifying broadly diverse areas of music. If you want to classify different types of 'ballroom' music, as the article states, then you've already partially defined the music for the system. But beat and tempo, not taking into account tone, range and a thousand other variables just isn't effective enough. Genre classifications are only moderately useful for human understanding of music, but as music now lives on computers, don't we really need a model that the computers understand more than what the people understand? Echo Nest is doing some very cool stuff in this area, as well as many others. I think when VC's talk competitive advantage they are obviously looking for what sets you apart from the competition, but I suspect they want it framed in such a way that it speaks to the lock-in factor. If your competitive advantage is that you have the best UI, that isn't good enough, because that can be copied. What sets you apart which your competitors can't replicate, or which puts up barriers (assuming you have some market share). Those are my thoughts. Check out prezi.com. A much better paradigm for presentations as they are non-sequential (or at least it doesn't have to be sequential). It's flash based, so it is highly likely that anybody can view it, but it is probably best in the environment where you are controlling the presentation. I think the disturbing bit might be that the average HN reader is mid 30s male with a bachelor degree, no children and little or no income. I've done a half-switch, but completely agree with stonemetal. I have both a Mac and Windows that I use for development. OSX is pretty. I'm running Windows7 on my other machine. stonemental's 'halfling' comment is dead on, and I find it the strangest thing about macs. Also, what I wasn't prepared for was the need to learn so many keyboard shortcuts. No button to go right to your desktop, there's a keyboard shortcut for that (but who knows what it is). Not 'rename' in the dropdown menu, but there's a short cut for that (I don't know what it is). It seems like the things like this that I use all the time and are basic on a PC are obscured on a mac. My brother said that go to shortcut was F11, but F11 is volume control on my mac. F11 was screen brightness on my brothers older generation MacBook Pro. These is some of the inconsistencies that I'm really surprised to see, but kinda go hand in hand with the inconsistency with command-line from linux. I agree with your comment about getting more adept. However, with Microsoft, I find that you learn as you go. Keyboard shortcuts are listed, menus may be longer, but show you the functions you can use. It is more cluttered, but it is a platform that allows you to learn. Macs (and of course Unix) force you to go look for the solutions. This makes for a cleaner interface, but doesn't provide the opportunity for discoverability. Personally, I'd rather spend my time learning a new language than a new OS. Not a bad idea, but i think the direction you are going will be a challenge. Having people select certain artists/tracks, and then trying to match them with other users of the same taste is quite a bit different than saying to a person 'what sort of music are you into?'. However, check out the last.fm or pandora api's. That might be a better way to go as you can match against an already existing dataset and a wide range of users. Best of luck. USE google.loader.ClientLocation; to sniff out the current location of the site visitor. I'm in California and you're showing me NYC. Not super effective. Also (as frossie alluded to) you need an input to allow searching by location. Don't worry about zip code vs city, etc. Pass the data from the search box to the google api and it will do the rest. Oh, whatever you use, just use it. It didn't get my location, but placed me in nyc, so I assumed you weren't doing an ip lookup. I wish this article would describe why to use SOAP. I was under the impression that SOAP was a fairly dead technology. Particularly as we move to PUSH services with PubSubHub or the RSS version (I forget what it's called). It appears you are using the subject line as more of a meta-data type tool to organize your events. Wouldn't it be better to have the ability to organize and message events rather than manage all this through the messaging services? This is a VERY poorly researched and written article. The loans provided to Fisker are not for development of the Karma, but for development of a lower priced entry model which would allow the company to develop low cost electric vehicles (I believe in the sub-$30k range). The loan to Tesla was not for the 'british built' tesla roadster, but was to build manufacturing capacity in the US (as far as I recall). Both Tesla and Fisker received loans in the 200+million range. It is entirely feasible that the DOE looks at the smaller requests of sub 100 million and think that the smaller loans won't have as much impact or that the group isn't thinking big enough. Fisker has been a 'coach builder' of 'custom sports cars' since 2005, and partnered with Quantum Technologies to build Fisker Automotive and the Karma. Also, why write twice that Vinod Khosla is a backer of EcoMotors and is a campaign contributor? First off, you shouldn't be discouraged just because the large company you work for didn't move forward with your idea. Just because they haven't done it yet, maybe they need a reminder, or maybe there is a reason it didn't go further. Often a big company needs a stake holder and champion. Maybe they were expecting you to grab the ball and run with it after the meetings you had. This speaks directly to the 1% inspiration, 99% perspiration. Big companies often don't follow through, just like start-ups. I assume the company you work for is already in this space, and has the power to get something like this done. If so, you may be in a great position to get this accomplished. As with any business, you will run into challenges. The big challenges I see are 1) artists want to be discovered, and MySpace is the defacto location for that. Then their is iLike, last.fm, etc. etc. etc. Reinventing the wheel just because of the 'local' components might be a serious challenge, as artists want to go and global quickly. 2) look at sites like Amie Street for an example of what is happening in the Indie space. They are really creative and doing some great stuff. More recently they've been working with the big labels because (in all honesty, I believe) it is difficult to build a music community only on the indie community. Even people who say they support indie often like the major artist stuff too. If you've got the chops or contacts to get it built, give it a go and see what you can do in your local scene. You'll learn a ton just from the experience. There is no guarantee of a success or failure, and I don't see any truly significant flaws. Is this really a realistic age group to be questioning for employment rates? Wouldn't most 16-18 year olds have been employed part-time or summers. The article says it excludes students, but what about students who work? Have more of this age group remained students due to the lack of available work, resulting in the total number of people counted in this age group to shrink? can you give it a button to get another word without having to refresh the page (or just make it refresh the page for you)? You'd be surprised how many people won't know how to get another word. We all may know what a slideshow is and looks like, but how about a demo of what YOUR slideshow looks like? Does it make sense to describe your product using your product (have a slideshow that guides me to how to use it)? Also, for a site that deals with slideshows and images, I would expect more care to be put into the design. Your logo is very pixelated, you have a square color behind your buttons, etc. These may seem like minor things, but I think you'd be amazed at what some care in design can do in attracting users. You don't have to go out and get a designer and spend lots of money, but maybe get a theme from themeforest (under $20) or try to find something free. I've never sold anything without a product at all, but find that once you have a product to show, you can get a lot more info on how customers or potential customers would use the product and what they would like to see. Occasionally, you get something a request which is completely off base for what your business is. Don't ignore these, as they can possibly be a more important direction for your business. Seeing as OSX is a Unix variant, don't any improvements to the OS have to be released free of use? I was under the impression that the Mac license reads 'You agree not to install, use or run the Apple Software on any non-Apple-branded computer, or to enable others to do so.' because they cannot legally require that the OS only operates on Apple hardware. Therefore if, if a manufacturer wishes to use the OS, they would need to provide Apple branding. At the same time, this may be the catch-22. You can't use apple branding without the permission of Apple, and you can't install the OS without using the branding. Not sure I agree with this comment 'While Palm hasn't officially responded to the USB-IF's letter - despite being told they had to do so within a week - it seems that they have, without actually saying so, made their decision. '. It is likely the Amazon connection was likely in the works long before Palm recieved the ruling by USB-IF, which I believe was only about two weeks ago. Looks like a cool product. SEO is VERY effective, if done right. Completely ineffective if done wrong. As far as AB testing goes. I believe you have to have enough traffic to make it worth while. I would probably suggest starting with a design template which has a good call to action, or get a designer who has experience in driving sales. This isn't particularly surprising. Microsoft has been doing this for years. They did a study with Microsoft Office, and realized that people thought the application started faster if the logo was shown during start-up, rather than just waiting for the actual application to start. I think what the author is getting to is more the transportable nature of the data itself, and that in the past we have repeatedly paid for format. 8-track, lp, cd... or VHS, DVD, HD-DVD... At the same time, the content of these formats (the actual movies or the music) is available for free, so what we are really paying for is the format. I think that is what is being said. I had higher expectations of the article, but coming from cnet, I'm not surprised. Though I'm not a huge fan of Trump, I somewhat doubt he would associate his name with a pyramid scheme. This is more likely a group which will sell you on his philosophies, get you to buy his books, sign-up for seminars, etc. Think O'Reilly, but less respectable/reputable/technical/beneficial... feel free to add your own. I suspect they are just setting up a new sales channel for some of his businesses. Probably not directed at the HN community either. I somewhat agree, but don't you think that as rural internet infrastructure improves this will become a moot point? I suspect we are only talking about landlines on small local carriers. Will these customers move to mobile devices or at least a cellular connections in the coming years? interesting use of words Derek. Starting your company wasn't very hard just 'taking care of business', but isn't business normally considered work? Having said that, when you are working on a product you love, it shouldn't feel like work. It's not a daily slog. You look forward to creating and getting the work out there (music, technology, cooking...). Dictionary.com says work is 'Physical or mental effort or activity directed toward the production or accomplishment of something.' Derek, you created a great business, and if I'm not mistaken, you actually learned how to program in the process of creating CDBaby. I'm sure there were challenges along the way, but you saw them as that. Challenges. Opportunities to get better. Opportunities to build something great. But if you didn't have that passion to create, if you were doing it because you were told you needed to, or some other reason, I'm sure it would feel like work. It's all in the perspective, and where a person finds there passion. Unfortunately for far too many people, they never find it. I was actually going to counter with just the opposite response. Much like todays computers, I don't think most people are looking at an iphone and wishing it had more processing power/speed. Not that that isn't nice to have, but nobody cares. it's all about what the device can do, and how well it can do it. I think that for current use, that is 70% software/UI/design 30% hardware & network. Well, if they did try to copy the mac in design, they clearly failed. I love my windows machine, hate my mac, but from a design perspective the mac is prettier than Windows 7. For me, Windows still significantly trumps Mac in usability. Nothing but keyboard shortcuts is so 1980s. As far as I'm aware, rackspace doesn't currently have the greatest name in could services (based on articles such as this http://www.techcrunch.com/2009/12/18/rackspace-down/ ). While customers are struggling with downtime, is this the best time to raise your prices? Doesn't it make more sense to improve your product before you can increase the price? Also, aren't we seeing other cloud services dropping prices as scalability improves? great idea and great execution (from what I can see). The narration idea is very original with the video intro. But I do agree with other commenter that it was odd to have to pick a narration. I'd suggest you pick the one you like best or which best shows off the capabilities, and just use that, or rotate through them. Even though you went through the effort to create the different videos, it is best to keep something like that simple for the user. It's a long video, here's the 20 questions. 1. What problem does this product solve? 2. How does it solve that problem? 3. How are the end user? 4. Who is your revenue-supplying customer? 5. Does the product solve a problem that end-users/revenue supplying customers actually have? 6. Are you sure it is a product and not just a "feature"? 7. Does your stuff easily fit into the way that people already work? 8. Are you too involved in HOW you are building your product rather than WHAT you are building? 9. Who are the potential partners? Who are the required partners? 10. What is the go-to-market strategy? 11. What is your sustainable competitive advantage? 12. Do you have a time-to-market/first mover advantage? 13. Can you be number 1 or number 2 in this space? Who is the competition? 14. Is there a team formed/identified with a record of successful ventures? 15. Is there a 'soul' of the team that knows where this product AND business is going for the next few years? 16. Is anyone on the team insane? 17. Are there product/technology/operations barriers to success? 18. Are there marketing/sales barriers to success? 19. Are there legal barriers to success? 20. Is there an exit strategy? But where do you get complete books to read on it? Please explain the point of this link? Why is it here on HN? I used to agree with your thoughts on real-time search, but check out http://thoora.com , and it might change your mind. They are able to grab the streams and create it into something more akin to a real-time news site, rather than just random tweets. For private companies, I suspect you may have an issue dealing with pricing your product based on their revenue. If your product is something that multiple employees use, then it is easier to make the definition based on the number of people. You didn't really give us much to go on. Take a look at how companies like 37Signals (basecamphq.com), or freshbooks.com seperate their offerings. Hopefully for you, there is a model which is either # of people using your service, or some other metric you can charge by. For instance, if only 3 people in a small company would use your product, but only 4 people in a large company would use it, then you can't really price based on # of people in the company (or else, how would you know when the company has grown to the new pricing). As far as I know, they aren't making screens, batteries, memory, and lots of other components, so they are yet to fully control the supply chain, but they are one step closer. However, I wonder how the business scale of building their own processors is going to work for the. Will the A4 move into the iPhone products? If the iPad isn't a huge success, that processor is going to cost them more than having bought from a chip supplier. What tech does the new processor really bring? and that somebody decided to underline articles related to that thing in red! Thoora's model (if i've understood it correctly) is to license their tech to other news sites rather than become a source themselves. I believe that the feedback from publishers was that they could use this service to get an edge on where they should be focusing their resources, so I think there are multiple revenue streams. They're canadian, and us canadians don't often get the word out as well as US companies, which might be why you are not familiar with them. The tech is pretty amazing though. Well, after reading that blog post earlier, I really wasn't getting anything out of it, so I understand why you would be asking the question. I wouldn't focus so much on how you can get your hourly rate TO $125, but rather think of it as 'what can you offer to make your hourly rate worthy of $125. Is anybody really looking for a PHP/MySQL programmer? No. They are looking to get a product/service/feature etc. built. What do you offer in that equation. I suspect that your experience with the language is only a portion of that. It isn't always easy to figure out what soft skills you bring. Why do you program? What do you really like about it? Do you like creating beautiful code? If so, only so many clients will pay extra for that. Are you able to make systems run with incredible efficiency, so the client could save on server costs? That may be worth the extra $$ to them. Are you good at designing usability? If that is a missing piece, that may be valuable as well. I've found 'what can I offer' is better than 'what can I get'. I have to disagree about it being 'gorgeous'. I think it could use more layers. It feels very flat to me, and it doesn't direct my eye to any one thing in particular it is actually quite interesting, and has a strong underhanded 'lets get something done so we don't end up on meet or die'. But what is with 'Goolah'? That is a fairly ugly mascot, and I don't think he is adding anything to the site. Maybe he should be eating money and time rather than just staring at me blankly and asking me to enter some info. I don't think the list of 'features' on the neato are the type that the average person would understand/care about. They both clean rooms, they look fairly similar, they both know how to charge themselves, etc. etc. I think neato needs to differentiate themselves through some other means. Roomba has the mind-share and brand name (though neato is a good name). I think this misses one very important point. FB has a killer feature in photo sharing and a comment feed that surrounds that and now other media and updates. However, I still believe that the photo sharing on FB is done better than anywhere else, and that will continue to be a driver for them. I would definately follow-up with at least a thanks for the intro, and give a quick introduction of yourself, maybe your team, but keep it short. Do a bit of research on what the partner specializes in, and make sure that fits with what you are building. Give a bit of insight into what you are doing, so that the partner can associate you with a project/product, and be sure to let him know that you don't think you're ready for a meeting yet. Basically, you want to build a bit of rapport. Keep in mind, that a pitch is as much for you to learn and get a feel for the VC, as it is for them to get to meet you. So, yes to #2. is a $12 million dollar run rate something to be proud of? Or am I just misreading the letter? I think you need to still sort out what you are offering/selling. Rarely does 'I want to make a...' turn into a business. Come at it from the other direction. 'People need ..., I can serve this need with...'. If websites need help sections, is the best product a 'help dialog box plugin'? How would you answer the help questions? Are you just providing a UI element? If so, what is that truly worth, when full suites like jQuery UI exist? 'Seemingly coming out of nowhere, rumors have started circulating this week'. This rumour has been circulating for years, and I believe Ballmer has even commented on it. RIM does need a new OS, and Microsoft could definately benefit. But this isn't a new concept. Though I haven't read Adam Smith, it is my understanding that 'capitalism' itself does not dictate or theorize about the size of businesses, but is focused on the efficiencies of capital. A few of your points regarding goverments favouring large companies seems slightly mis-guided (though it may be more chicken vs. egg), but I believe it was the power of lobbyists to sway politicians which gave big business these benefits. However I personally believe that the lobbyist power exists due to a lack of organization on the part of individuals. I understand the concern individuals have when businesses get too much power, but lets not forget that the more powerful businesses are most often made up of a large number of people (employees, shareholders, etc), or are influenced by large numbers of people (customers, partners). Therefore political organization should be able to alleviate many of these issues. Great read though. You've got a great writing style. Andy Rubin, he founded Danger after working at Apple, Magic (an apple spin-off) and WebTV. If you look at many of the comments on this thread, they point to the very interesting fact that many of the entrepreneurs became 'over night success[es]', in their 30s, though they may have started the company in their 20s. Don't let that discourage you BigTuna. Remember that the media needs an angle, and 'middle-aged' or 'mid-thirties' succeess doesn't have the ring of teens and 20s, or 80s for that matter. It isn't the age that brought the success (though it may have brought some noteriety). It is more likely the ability to do a few things. 1) look at the world with fresh eyes to discover new opportunities 2) accept the risk of actually doing something with your discoveries. I suspect what is being risked is different for each person. I'm sure there are more reasons, but those two jumped to mind. I agree that Apple would have to shut-down lots of Yahoo! properties which need to be shut-down already. As for the Microsoft/Yahoo! deal, let's assume that Apple would nix that deal. That would kill injure two birds with one stone. Give apple control of search in their mobile and growing desktop environments, as well as slow the progress of Bing. The problem with this (and I think the difficulty in understanding what the author is trying to get across) is 'who owns the data?', or 'who owns the initiating platform. Sure all platforms can communicate with the others, which is more akin to e-mail, but you still have a platform and a suppliers. You wouldn't want a platformless environment where anything you post is spread anywhere and everywhere without your knowledge. You kinda have that with twitter now, but you can still delete your posts. I think we need to change the discussion regarding climate change. For every scientist who says the world is warming, you'll can find another who says it isn't. This just continiously leads to people trying to figure out if this species or that species is in danger, etc, etc. If instead we focus on the amount of pollution, and reducing that, I think we change the argument. I don't know that scientists or anybody else can argue that pollution is good. Is there a 'pro-pollution' argument? I don't completely understand why this would be an issue with multiple near stamp size storage mediums such as sd or memory stick, etc. I think it is more of a point of the success of the platform. Plays-for-Sure was a failure, so it is being fazed out. You have the same issue with any DRM'd media. I can only put my iTunes music to x number of mac devices. You bought a license, not the media. This is the whole reason why DRM sucks. I am a bit surprised by the comment 'your idea rarely gets the reaction you think it deserves'. Don't most people find that the most people respond positively to the 'ideas'? I find that actually getting those same people to sign-up or use the services later is more of the challenge. I believe this goes against most recent studies which have discovered that people have a 'baseline' of happiness. Any changes in lifestyle only have an effect for a short period of time, until the person returns to their baseline. http://www.philiplilly.com/blog/2009/01/11/even-if-you-fail-... I agree with all this, but most important is get rid of that 'important information' message. As a start-up, you probably don't have enough users to have that as the main thing we see when arriving on the home page. You could probably add a little message or something near a 'login area' with a link to 'changes to user accounts' or something to that effect. I still have no idea what you do and why. I think if you look into the history of the people on that list, they are actually not first timers, even though they are very young. For instance, Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg had built small businesses (programming consulting I believe) before they created Microsoft & Facebook. I'm not sure of the others. Anybody know? Expanding into non-CS fields I believe is a great idea, as CS is a science, lots of great cross-polination of knowledge could be amazingly helpful one day. Pick something you find interesting and go for it. Even if it is not science related, many fields are in need of good programmers to move them along to the next level, and the more you know, the more valuable you may be. However, you mention that you aren't getting the high 'A's anymore. If all your classes are so trivial, why not? I assume you've spoken to your professors, or the dean of CS? If not, i'd do so. They may be willing to bring you into some more challenging environments if you show an interest and the capabilities. I dropped out of Uni, and have absolutely no regrets. But you sound like you would be really into it if it were more challenging, so maybe stick with it. Is there a local tech company that you find is doing interesting work? If so, before dropping out, you might be able to work a program where they bring you on as a co-op with the University. That way you get the challenge along with true work experience, the business gets a deal, and gets to see how you work, and the university gets... I have no idea what the universities get, but in Canada, co-ops are pretty common, I assume they are in the US too. Due to the recognizable design of macs, and the macs vs. everything else paradigm, it can definitely appear that macs have a much larger market share than they actually do, leading people to believe they are more popular than they are. I was in a cafe and my father made a comment about how many people had macs, and maybe he should get one. there were about 10 people on computers. 3 had macs, but they all looked the same. of course the other 7 were all different brands (actually 2 dells and two lenovo), but they all looked so different that they didn't seem like the people using them were part of a team or movement. This can also be a way of 'training' people to consider mac...just look how many people have switched - though it may not be as much as you think. But how can it be 'a nice fashion piece that sets you apart from the other students', if as the author states, they are all using macs? I've actually noticed a similar trend. The few friends who switched to mac, say they love it and they'd never go back, then they find they can't get/afford the mac they want, and go back to Win. Positive comments all around about Win7. For years Americans near the Canadian border have been tuning into Canadian CBC for live coverage. Canadian CTV is streaming from http://www.ctvolympics.ca/tv-online-listings/index.html (not sure if you can get it outside of Canada). Hate to rub it in, but nothing like being here (I live in Whislter)! I wouldn't be surprised if this was the last Olympics without web broadcasts, but as far as auctioning off each event individually, I think that would be a 'usability' nightmare for fans. Now, it is pretty simple. I want to see Olympics, go to NBC. In Canada we have about 5 channels that have the Olympics this year (maybe it's just in BC), and it is actually a bit annoying to have to figure out what channel is covering which events. In the past it has always been CBC I believe that had the Olympics. Now we've got CBC, CTV, SportsNet, APTN, a chinese version, OLN, I'm sure there are more. Is it bad form of me to mention that we have 5+ networks showing live Olympics while Americans are complaining about not being able to get one? :) If apple weren't an American company, would anything like this happen? I assume you can still have as much violence as possible and it will still be approved? What is Apple thinking with moves like this? What are they trying to prevent? The stamp (which I assume to be the release date) on the first page reads 4-22-80. Did we have scanners in 1980? But aren't you continuing to add complexity to solve an issue which was created by adding complexity to an already simple system. Not only friction, but rotational weight. I would have to assume the rim in this design is much heavier than that of a spoked bicycle, and therefore you've moved the weight of inertia (?) to a point further from center axis. This takes more energy to spin. It would also be nearly impossible for the IOC to say 'cover that logo on the base' as you would be changing the sliding characteristics of the ski or snowboard. Who decided the order in which the browser selection is placed, and who decides what browsers are available for download? We can't ignore the 'explorer' brand is strong in the non-tech savvy. Many have never heard of any browser other than IE, and they recognize the logo. This might not be as detrimental to IE as many people think. Those who care about what browser they use have already switched. Those who don't will go with either the recognized brand (IE in this case) or the first option. And of course with the Google name next to Chrome, I suspect they will get a large portion of the downloads. Does the download include the setting of the default search engine? or is that set somewhere else? With the volume of feedback James is getting, it is clear that he struck a nerve with the new design, and it speaks volumes to the popularity and adoration of the people who use the site. James clearly can see the numbers of how people are using the site now, and I assume visitors are listening more,which is the goal of the site. Kudos to James for making bold steps and taking changes, and (I assume) listening to the numbers, not the chatter. I'm not sure what you are trying to point out to us dorfman. Google doesn't like being indexed, but neither do the other search engines http://bing.com/robots.txt,http://duckduckgo.com/robots.txt . I couldn't remember the name of that quiel, or quill, or something like that. Metadata is not the new black, companies have been using metadata for ages. What the author is looking for are personalized algorithms (also not the new black). The metadata itself only gets these companies so far. Pandora's metadata helps the process of recommendations, but it is actually the user input which is the refining element in the process which makes the playlists somewhat successful. Does Joe Data analyst exist? and if so, is he able to gather enough data, and conceptualize what he is actually looking for? I put this in the realm of wolframalpha, where most people (even hackers & programmers) can't word a query well enough to get the data they want back. From my experience non-programmers aren't able to manage large enough volumes of data to require data analysis. At the company I used to work for, there were people in IT who's job was specifically to build and run reports at the request of retail managers. The problem would not be resolved if you could just give the retail managers a data analysis tool, as they didn't know how to get the data out of the databases. In some ways, is this the market that pipes or dapper.net are trying to do? If this is true of flash, why is it not the same for Javascript. If suckerfish style menus can work on iphone, why would hover and clicks be handled differently? Why does 'self aware[ness]' have any effect on ethical or humane treatment? I really want to like this, but I think the description on the main page makes things more complicated than it needs to be. If that is the case, then I assume the product is more complicated than it needs to be. 'ScaleDB is a pluggable storage engine for MySQL. It turns your MySQL application into an enterprise-class, highly-available, clustered database that scales dynamically in a public cloud, private cloud, or on premise.' Is this better put by saying 'ScaleDB is a simple way to make your MySQL database scale automatically'? or something like that? You're giving lots of data and stuff, but why is your solution the easiest/best? Wasn't "Discovery" the big thing 3 or 4 years ago? Isn't that why bing is the decision engine? Discovery means very little without context, and when you look at what Facebook is doing, it doesn't require for you to 'discover' what friends are doing, but just lets you 'know' what your friends are doing/seeing/etc. There is something very wrong with this article. It has a publish date of Oct 2008, but then talks about the intel atom processor and nonsensically explains how apple tried to 'keep it broken'. But according to wikipedia, the Atom processor wasn't released until Dec 2009. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel_Atom Lots of other nonsense in this. Can anybody gleam what is going on here? Actually, they did mention how one 'disc' or wafer powers one lightbulb. The problem with comparing a lightbulb or refrigerator, etc. is that the average person has to think... ok, so how many discs are in a box? how many lighbulbs do I have in my house? etc. In the piece (which I admit is very fluff), the founder shows a box and says 'this is a european house', grabs another box and says 'this is an american house, or 4 asian houses'. These are methods of explanation that the 60 minutes audience can understand. The actual company is apparently launching on Wednesday, so I'd expect that on that day we'll hear more details. Seeing as the device can use a different gases as fuel, wouldn't we expect that the output would be dependent on the fuel supplied? electric heating elements to get 1800F? Wouldn't that take more power than this thing would create? I missed the part about heating to 1800. Nice looking site, though I'm not sure I completely understand how it works. Your video demo is more of a 'how it works' than a 'why would I use it' type of thing. As a developer, I'm stuck wondering how do I get picked to complete the task? or is it more like CrowdSpring where the buyer picks a winner in the end? Also, the shadow behind your navigation items is pretty horrible. otherwise, a simple and good looking site. I don't mean to be naive, but aren't Eastern-Europeans white? This is more about visual minorities than foreigners. I believe if you asked mother nature, she would say there is no live without diversity. The quote may not be directed strictly at business innovation, but you find that in most environments, the rule is true, therefore why would a business be different. As an example, we would agree that a diversity of skills is necessary to business success. You need a leader, a coder, a designer, a marketer, etc. Where this becomes true when related to race and culture is in bringing different view points and ways of thinking. However, I believe the most important thing is that we get beyond race as a differentiator. I don't believe that the color of a persons skin affects their work. Are we trying to have it both ways, where we say 'skin color doesn't matter', and at the same time saying 'mixing race is good for innovation'? I'm confusing myself on this one. Ah! thank you. The open source part I suspect is a big differentiator. I thought you were going more to a strange sort of fix the code that was not completed by an elance contract, or something like that. This is not only a problem with recipe sites, but with most user input. http://youtube-global.blogspot.com/2009/09/five-stars-domina... YouTube noticed a similar issue. Getting users to rate on a star rating just isn't effective. You may have more luck with a simple 'yes/no' option. Would you make this again? And offer the opportunity for comments. I find the comments in the reviews on epicurious to be very influential in how I follow the recipe, and if I cook it at all. I think you have another challenge when dealing with something like rating hosting. The problem, I believe, comes in where you will likely have many people leaving reviews after a bad experience, rather than a good one. For any negative experience, a person will tell 10 people, for a positive experience, they will share with 2 people. Videos are a bit different, because people review as they are watching. However with something like hosting, you need to give considerable thought to how you get people to report positive or average experiences equally as often as negative ones. That's just my initial reaction. I completely agree with this articles description of why apple was able to dominate the mp3 world, and haven't heard this as a description before. Though I have to disagree with his premise about innovation. A product needs to be good no matter what. In fact, a product needs to be great. If it is innovative and crap, it's just crap. But that doesn't mean that innovation should be left out of the equation. doesn't a lot of a/b testing refute what jason is saying here? I agree that if design gets in the way of the user, then of course it is going to have a negative effect. But it is my understanding that effective use of colors, borders, etc. can influence the actions your users take on the site. Demo is definitely a large event, but there is a lot of push-back against pay to play events like this, and particularly with that kind of dollar figure. I personally think it often depends on how this 'friend' plans to benefit from going to demo. I'd recommend looking through some videos from previous demos, and look at the companies who have presented there. Does it fit with what the new company is doing? Are they looking for partners who attend? Are they looking for funding? if so, is paying $18k+ (don't forget incidentals) the best way to go about doing this? I'd would think that it would be VERY difficult for a small start-up to justify that kind of cost, but in some instances, it may be worth it. For most companies, I don't think it is. The 'what type of card' field should be before the number. I believe it should be a method of informing your users what cards you accept, rather than figuring out what card you are using. The same can be accomplished with an image of accepted cards, but I think the text version is more accessible. I find it interesting that after speaking about the right idea, and the right team (and the right time), Catrina makes the comment 'It would have been easy for me to build another social networking site, or another photo-sharing site'. Doesn't this ignore the team and idea. Just because she had success with Flickr, or maybe because Flickr was so successful, doesn't that lead one to believe there is less opportunity in this field? Same with social networking? Hunch was a good move because in addition to keeping her challenged, it isn't an area that already has a dominant player. I think it depends on how you feel about the company. Why did you take the job originally? was it because the company was a global multi-billion dollar brand? or was it because you thought you could make a difference. Clearly there is opportunity for improvement. If you are capable of making those improvements, and leading a change, this could be hugely beneficial to you in the future. Either with the current company, or when moving to a new company. Taking initiative (from my experience) has regularly paid back in spades, and where it hasn't it has been an amazing learning experience. Taking on each of the issues you mention 1) This is not entirely a surprise. Excel is surprisingly easy to use for scheduling, and you'd be surprised how many people don't know that there are alternatives. Maybe something as simple as setting up a group calendar and teaching people how to use it would help. (I'm currently building a calendaring app which targets this whole excel thing specifically, so I've got some experience with why people use excel). 2) your web sites share storage with your e-mail server? is this a SAN? This just sounds REALLY strange, and I agree it makes it seem like your CTO (or whoever) doesn't have a grasp on things. I'd attack this one directly (though politely) and figure out why this is, maybe explain the dangers, and figure out a migration plan to move e-mails to an appropriate location. 3)Why is the database so slow? as you say it is a client database, so I can't imagine it is slow due to the number of records. Is the client database important? By the sounds of things, it isn't. Not everything needs to always be updated. 4) I believe this issue is very common at many companies. I think it comes down to communication tools, and protocols for releasing code. As I look at what you're up against, I think you may benefit from writing a one pager about how and why you think fixing these issues is important. Also, I'd try to get macro, and look at not only how to solve each issue like a task list, but try to find what the common thread is as to why the company has these issues, and what framework/culture/other would not only resolve these issues and others but also prime the company for continued growth. If you can get some people within your company to listen to your plan and get some momentum, you may find yourself helping the company. If you think people in your department aren't interested, you might consider going to HR. It is there job to retain top talent (like yourself), and if you'r e thinking of leaving the company because of these issues, it is possible you aren't the only one. HR may be able to help. It's an ok looking site. are you building the databridge yourself? or are you a reseller? So I would so I don't quite get what starman electric is all about. You don't have an about page, and you show a product on your home page (which is great), but it all feels very cold like 'here's our product'. To make a connection with consumers, i think it is good to have some feeling. 'Starman Electric is building xyz to server abc focusing on xxx'. That kinda thing. Best of luck starman. Strikingly beautiful design. Incredibly simple and interesting premise. This site has done a GREAT job of letting the user do one simple thing before enticing them to get more involved. Very well done. One of the best new sites i've seen in a while. Oh, if you are the site creator, there is a bit of a bug in chrome&FF. the 'ok i'm game' button is placed over the 'x hours ago' line which I suspect is supposed to be above. I hate to say it, but you loose some points by not supporting IE at all. Not supporting IE6 i can appreciate. But it doesn't take THAT much extra time to support IE7 & 8. Michael, this was posted yesterday, and has recieved a bunch of comments. why have you posted it again? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1147209 What does TC mean by 'One potentially disruptive feature of the technology is that it works both ways: fuel can produce electricity, but it can also go the other way so that electricity produces fuel.'??? How can it produce fuel from energy? What format would that 'fuel' be in? What linux breed do most of these engineers use? any ideas? Ubuntu? red hat? any ideas? I've got a Win7 machine and the rc is about to runout. I'm going to get a new win laptop, but am thinking of setting up this old one as a linux box. I think you're coming at this from the wrong approach (though I could be wrong). I don't go to a website to 'browse', or to get questions answered, and particularly, 'what questions couldn't get answered'. I think what you are looking for is what does the website do for the business. Does the website attract clients, explain what the company does, and why shirlaws is the best choice? So, to start 'love business'. What is that? You love business? we should love business? what does loving a business get a person? How is it beneficial? Same thing with the taglines on your slider. They are like a bunch of taglines, but they are somewhat out of context, and what's with all the children? If you are a business site, why would you fill your site with childish playful images? Do you specialize in business that cater to children? if so, then it might make sense, but I'm not getting that context form what you have. 'Increase turnover'? Shouldn't that be 'decrease turnover'? or I guess it depends on what 'turnover' is referring to. You want to limit staff turnover, not increase it. 'Impove their bottom line'. Who are they? I want to improve my bottom line. Of course, if you spend a bit more time on the site, you see the 'coaching' stuff, but that isn't what first strikes the visitor, and you'll likely loose a lot of people before they even see that stuff. Focus on the coaching first. Shirlaws is a coaching company which ..., we help your business..., I wouldn't say people don't care about your baby, but they care more about what your baby can do for them. That's the way I try to look at it. Are you looking for a specific solution for your site? or just looking to learn more about search algorithms, etc. If it is the later, you can check out some natural language processing tools like ling pipe. I saw Jon speak at the engadget show, and walked away thinking he is a very modest, smart and caring guy. I absolutely agree that it is great to see him communicating this well with employees (though I suspect PR had planned that the letter would be public). I think their ad campaign with the weird zombie women did nothing to help them take on the iPhone or android devices. I don't think their branding was targetted correctly. Having said that, I've got a friend who got a pre, and he ended up giving his iPhone to his girlfriend and can't stop raving about the pre. They aren't out of this yet, but I think there challenge will be in communicating and educating an audience about their products. I don't know that the carriers are the best channel to rely on for marketing of the devices. The carrier will offer incentives, and push devices that are giving the carrier or reps the best business value. I think palm needs to get customers coming into the store asking for the palm products. This challenge is further hampered with the number of android, blackberry and soon to be winPhone7 devices. The stores can have a wall of android, a kiosk of blackberry, and I suspect will have a section dedicated to winPhone7. With only two devices that are visually differentiated, they don't have either the recognizable presence of an iPhone, or the diversity of other platforms. I think Palm is a good acquisition target for RIM(blackberry). They've done a great job with the OS (one area where palm has really faltered). Both companies have a history in the corporate world, and I think the palm experience could make a good dent in the consumer market, if they had the right partners, and at this point, enough runway. I'd love to understand your logic of apple being 'the only ones that could manage it at the scale they're shooting for'. What about Blackberry (outsells iPhones I believe), Nokia, etc. This is not a mature market and there is still boatloads of innovation to happen. What advantage does apple have over anybody else, with the exception that they brought out a device which set a great standard to measure competitors against. If webOS had been a year earlier, would those positions be reversed? If so, would you be saying Apple should give it up? I didn't quite get it until watching a bit of the video. Might be nicer if on the main page you had a 'we turned this image into these images'. kind of thing. It looks like it could be an image library, rather than a product which creates images. Why did you feel it was necessary to get a person to sign-up to view anything before the main page? I don't get a chance to check it out before signing up, so I didn't really get to experience what you built. Look at pinkbike, mtbr, roadbikereview, etc. I can do a ton of stuff before I have to register, and that is what allowed them to grow. This is like saying 'marathoners are not made, they're born'. It's a combination of factors. Lots of people have the entrepreneurial spirit, but are not entrepreneurs. What about all the 'idea' people who don't execute? where do they fall? are they entrepreneurs? Couldn't we equally say the common factor is people who 'simply got tired of working for others, had a great idea they wanted to commercialize, or woke up one day with an urgent desire to build wealth before they retired. So they took the big leap.' Is an "Entrepreneur" anything more than a person with a 'get it done, and do it right' mentality? I don't think we can say PostgreSQL is truly 'better' than the non-relational databases which are beginning to permeate the web. I believe the decision is more of a mySql/postgreSQL vs. non-relational databases. Sure, PostgreSQL may have better implementations of certain features than MySQL, but for most web developers, mysql is good enough. How would put PostgreSQL against non-relational dbs? No, I don't agree with that. Remember the Motorola Razr? That was 'the device' to have, and Moto was almost completely out of the market within a few years. I don't expect Apple to rest on their laurels, but they have competitors gunning for them, and this won't be a market where everybody has only one device. This may not even be as homogeneous as the pc market. Just my 2cents. I wasn't familiar with KDE4, I'll take a look. I like Eclipse for my dev, but I'll take a look at Quanta, I'm not familiar with that one either. I'm really hoping that facebook isn't able to enforce this. Was there really no implementation of a recent activity feed before facebook did it? This has become such a paradigm for the web, that if they truly did 'invent' it, I guess they do deserve the patent, but wouldn't you say things like twitter are nothing more than an news feed? the article is really an introduction to how our 'lizard brains' react to i/o, and specifically in the web. But the author finishes by recommending 'the joy of sex' as reading for your start-up. I'm sure there are better books out there which explain directly how to design 2 dimensional interfaces to entice people push and chose. What books do you recommend for this sort of thing? Anybody read the joy of sex, and agree that it's the best? how does a 'couple hundred billion' = nearly free energy. It clearly isn't nearly free if you are paying a couple hundred billion. If US gdp is 14 trillion, a few hundred billion for access to energy is a fairly significant number. It isn't a matter of looking 'pretty', it is how does the brain visually understand it as simple or not. I agree that there designers go overboard with 'it doesn't have the right padding', etc. But you can't ignore HUGE test like red makes people hungry more (McDonalds) etc. That sort of design does translate, and the mad-libs form just looks confusing. Yes, there is a herd-mentality where VC's will fund start-ups to enter a newly found market, but I believe what ahk is referring to, is that a VC would not create a company to compete with a company they've been pitched. There are many reasons that most responsible VC's would not do this. #1 being that if they are pitched effectively, they have somebody right there with the knowledge, passion and initiative to get going on the company. Additionally, it could be detrimental to the VC's reputation to be seen as taking ideas from pitches. At the same time, I've heard from a few VC's that they are constantly hearing VERY similar pitches for the same ideas again and again. The chance that you are bringing something completely unique is small. This is often why VC's will talk about investing in the people, rather than the idea. Along with the fact that start-ups will often completely change their product before it sees the light of day. Doesn't the article give the anecdotal evidence? Data domain and Zimbra are some big number acquisitions. Also, consider the number of companies that VC's are pitched via non-EIR's vs pitched by EIR's, and I would say the numbers are favorable if not equal that an EIR is as good as a scrappy and resourceful founder. Though I agree with the premise that too many options can hinder many business, I don't agree that this is universal to all businesses, and in particular to the average movie goer. It's like Amazon limiting the number of books so that you had less to choose from. The reason I think this fails with respect to movie goers, is that you likely don't select a movie based on 'oh let's make sure we go see all the movies that were nominated for an oscar'. You are more likely going to say 'let's go see a movie. what's playing, oh that one looks interesting, and it's nominated for an oscar, let's go see that'. I think the authors theory is being swayed by his experience as a critic, and doesn't recognize that most people aren't critics. additionally, a few years back when Chris Rock hosted the Oscars, I seem to recall him going to theatres and asking patrons what the "best picture" nominated films where about, and nobody had any idea, but they knew 'predator vs. terminator'. This could be the Oscars attempting to appeal to a larger audience. can you point to the 'list' you refer too? a nice product, though I think all the 'steve blank' stuff could really be provided in a single context of just watching the one full video. A few notes. 1) on your home page, in chrome, the 'sign-up' button is showing up behind your footer 2) the 'read more' logo leads to the same videos as the page they are sourced from. If you don't have more information, don't put a 'read more' button. for those really into steve blank material, here's a link to his stanford page with lots of these videos. http://ecorner.stanford.edu/authorMaterialInfo.html?author=2... you're absolutely right, and that is the real problem I see with much of what Steve Blank professes.Particularly when talking about under-developed markets. However, in this instance re:competitive analysis, I agree with Steve. If competitive analysis is focusing on a feature for feature comparison, I can understand why that doesn't jive. It is the entrepreneurs job to interpret hearing what the customers want into something that they didn't know they want, but must have. Not quite sure, but I'm assuming this is recommended for local system passwords, rather than web based passwords? I can't imagine actually getting people to remember (and enter) strings like p?7J9 J J4M^E97J*J7J into a password field. Or am I using it incorrectly? First off, only some parts of the world use high-fructose corn syrup in their coke. If you get a coke from mexico (and I imagine much of south america) it uses cane sugar. More importantly though, I am currently drinking an amazing Odwalla juice which is a distributed by minute maid which is owned by coke. Though they have a highly successful, and not so healthy product, they also have a diverse number of companies which focus on health. decently clean, and super easy to understand. I think it would be REALLY nice to have categories, as browsing all deals can get a bit much. Really nice start Kris. I assume you'll be adding a way for people to sign-up/sign-in and vote up the deals? I don't see that on the site right now. This may be a good place to implement facebook connect, as you'll get a nice viral push as well. I have a ton of respect for Tufte, but I think he is wrong about a few things here. After using the Zune for a few months, I'm surprised to see him say that it looks like it was designed on a larger device and then shrunk down to fit a handheld. The UI is quite effective, and I believe the 'negative space' is actually quite effective at training the user to recognize scrollable areas vs. non-scrollable, as well as providing some breathing room rather than a full screen which would look too busy. I do agree with the comments about the animations. Many animations on the Zune are very well done, and effective, but some (like the swirling name when going to an artist list from a currently playing) does seem to break context and takes a bit too long. I'm sure they'll be tweaking the animations in future updates. Oh, then maybe I missed how I can up vote a deal and become a fan. Or have you got some algorithm to figure out the popularity of a deal. Are there really people out there that are "just" idea guys? I can't imagine they could get very far in life without picking up some other skills. Often people consider the 'idea guy' to be the ceo, or marketing person, because that persons direct work is often not visible in the product itself. However, if you think of the Steve Blank model of creating customers and defining products, isn't that a great fit for an idea person? Somebody who can have an idea, talk to potential customers, and figure out what the final product should REALLY be? I have an iPod touch, so I'm familiar with the interface. In some ways it is MUCH simpler to tell scrollable vs non-scrollable. At the same time, it isn't really a huge issue on the iPhone, but yes there is a difference. The iPhone home screen may be the best example. I've got a screen full of icons, and nothing really tells me that there is another page of icons waiting (unless I look at the very small dots at the bottom of the screen). On the ZuneHD, I have two cues. 1) the gap at the top, and 2) the last item is partially cut-off as a hint that there is more to come. If zune had just had the list without the gap at the top, you would only know you've reached the top by the end of scrolling. The negative space, I find, to be a nice way to say that you're at the top or bottom, without adding another UI element like a bar or something. On the iPhone, they've accomplished this with an 'over scroll' which shows me just black space and then springs back to the icons. Try it yourself, on your home screen scroll too far right, or too far left. The Zune has the same effect, though it isn't necessary because they've added the negative space. The Zune uses negative space in applications as well, though I feel they could have done a better job, I'm sure it will improve. As for the negative space on the right, on the Zune, you can use that to control volume in the music player (though it brings up a function screen which I'm not a huge fan of), the use of a large negative space makes it so I can control the volume without having to look at the device (changing tracks can be done with a swipe, so no look for that is really good too). For some reason he button which is located at the usual volume spot on the iphone doesn't change the volume. I'm not sure why. Well, lots of things are bad for you, but taken in moderation. I don't have 1.5 hours to sit through the video. I just checked out the juice/smoothies I have, and was VERY surprised to see that you are correct, they have 0 fiber. Just goes to show that their really is no substitute for the real thing. I'm actually at the same stage, so I can't offer too much advice, a few quick things. 1) I like your design, company name, branding, etc. well done 2) I'd re-write 'marketplace for datasets of the Web's structure, like the entire link graph (in chunks, of course)'. You didn't describe it that way in this post, you just said 'datasets from ongoing web crawls'. That is WAY easier to understand. I'd use that as a starting point. Just tell people what it is that the site does, or more important, what it can do for them. 3) along with the previous remark, your keywords can use some work. use the google adwords tool https://adwords.google.com/select/KeywordToolExternal . you've got 'datasets' when in fact, 'dataset' has 10x as many searches. I'm sure you can get better descriptors as well. Keep up the good work! why don't you open both the links in tabs? that's what I do. If I want to comment, the page is already loaded and ready to go. If I don't, then I just end up closing two windows instead of one. neat app. Here's the link in itunes http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/everyday-looper/id333298831?m... Apparently the company thinks "All such publicity hurts", but truly this is going to help them spread the word about there start-up. I never would have heard of them otherwise. Your description is getting better, but maybe somewhere have an example of something somebody could do with your dataset. For instance 'have you ever wanted to xyz on all the data from Acme company mashed with the data from AcMeToo, but didn't have access to that mass of data? well, now you can with Webscaled'... Something like that. Also, check out http://80legs.com/ , it seems like you're in a very similar market, but that you are pre-building the crawlers. They are a fairly well backed firm, so they've already put the time and money into some of the messaging, so use them to give you some ideas. I think lots of items in this article are misleading or unrealistic. 1) though cloud based services are great for the capability of scaling, you will likely need to focus on your product more than scaling it. You'd hit the jackpot if you needed to expand resources right away on your first try. 2) the author mentions a few times 'have content ready to publish', 'plan tasks', 'show site visitors a roadmap', but in the early stages, you should be ready to get feedback and make changes quickly. You may have some ideas, but within the first few weeks, you'll likely learn or discover much better ways of doing things. Nothing wrong with planning ahead, but committing to writing content which will likely need major overhaul is just a waste of time at this stage. 3) 'Contact your friends and family about the site launch' really? did that need to be said? 'don't forget to breath'! I can't say I have ever done this for a physical product, so not sure how it differs, but why go in with a solid number? Why not use the feedback you are getting to adjust the product until you feel you've got it right. One really good thing to do is what (I think) Panasonic did in the 90's with a focus group on what color they should make their portable CD players. They brought in red, blue, yellow, green and black, and asked the group what colors they would buy, what each color represented to them, etc. Then, as the group was leaving, they were told they could take one of the portable disc players with them. Apparently, the focus group had voted overwhelmingly that the players should be red and blue (or something like that), but when the researchers counted the players at the end, most had taken black or yellow. If you can figure out how to get 'true' feedback, rather than getting your questions answered, then you'll be way ahead of the game. When Pandora blocked access to Canadians, I built a streaming music service ala seeqpod, which did auto playlisting like pandora. The music analysis stuff was really time consuming and expensive and of course wasn't nearly as good as Pandora, so I canned it, but had this left over code that crawled the web looking for music. I did a few quick changes to the code so that it grabbed concerts instead of music, and voila, http://HearWhere.com Very nice and professional. The one thing that strikes me is the color of the 'get started' button. That copperish-gold I find pretty horrible. Isn't green the international color of 'get started'? I suppose copperish is better than using red, but I'd rethink that color scheme. Same with the grey button, as I discovered that a surprising number of non-techy people think grey means inactive. Overall, really clean and well laid out. How the air security organizations got into buying these machines without thinking through the implications is what I find ridiculous. I can understand a muslim women's (or any women really) objection where there religion says they have to cover their bodies, and now we tell them to go through a machine so we can see what their bodies look like. But isn't it a serious lack of foresight that passenger would revolt against being scanned? That was my point. I understand the why of doing it, but there needs to be some understanding of the reaction of your customers. And let's not forget. We as travelers, are customers. It often doesn't feel that way. I disagree that this is about IQ or intelligence. A truly intelligent person understands how little they actually know. It is only those who think they are intelligent who have they ego to think that things will always come easy. clearly change is a big part of the facebook environment, and I guess we can credit Zuck fostering that. The question I have is, seeing as most users don't come to the computer with fresh-eyes every day, can too much change eventually end up hurting the company. They clearly do change extraordinarily quickly, and so far it has worked well for them, but is it just a matter of time before they go too far. The most recent redisign, I don't think added any benefit to the site, I don't think it looks as good, and I don't see where there was an improvement in functionality. The author brings up a very good point, particularly in this day and age 'the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed'. However, the focus of all the discussion surrounding this issue is clearly on guns. The citizens of the US (I'm Canadian), I suspect don't provide the same right to those who would like to own a ballistic missile, bomb, etc. Though the arguments regarding the case for protection of liberties could probably be equally raised when talking about any sort of 'arms'. Would changes to the Second Amendment have an effect on violence or crime in the US? I suspect not, as in Canada, registered weapons are rarely used in crimes, it is the unregistered ones that are the issues. Therefore, why do Americans and particularly the media keep harping on the Amendement which along with being out of date, may not be the actual root of the issues? After using Australian bills for just a short period of time, I'm amazed more countries haven't adopted the plastic money. Australians also don't use pennies. Hopefully more countries will start adopting that practice too. Though I agree with PB on natural gas over oil (foreign or domestic), for transportation purposes, wouldn't we view natural gas as a stop-gap toward electric vehicles anyway? Apparently there have been natural gas test-flights for air travel http://www.breakingtravelnews.com/news/article/qatar-complet... , but what happened to BP being all about saving the environment. I assume natural gas may be only slightly better from a Co2 perspective. This power was also given to police during the Vancouver 2010 games. It isn't about personal posters, more about large banners hung over buildings which are promoting competitors or anti-olympic protests. The 'enter private homes' makes one think they mean 'remove from the interior of private homes', but in Vancouver it meant 'remove from private buildings'. The wording is of course vague enough to be used for purposes other than the intention, but I never actually heard of somebody having a problem in Whistler or Vancouver. At the same time, it is a HUGE civil liberties issue, and I with there was another way to handle this. Nobody should really have the right to take down a massive pepsi flag if I feel compelled to cover my building with it. As far as 'non-sponsored items', I don't recall that being a discussion at Vancouver or Sydney, but you couldn't bring food or drinks into a venue, so that pretty much took care of that 90% of the time. If Omega is the timing sponsor, and I'm wearing a Timex, I can't imagine security is going to take my watch. I actually really like the design. Sometimes too minimal can be... too minimal when you are talking about very small pieces of content like a once sentence description and a one sentence review. As far as one screen barely holding 3 reviews, I don't want to see much more. I don't want 10 reviews stuck into a small space. The layout with a good sized picture and an acceptable amount of space around everything is really nice. How many 'web designers' are actually print designers who have converted to web, and haven't grown with the web? I think this should be a non-issue these days. If a designer has been working consistently for the past 15 years, I suspect they would have transitioned from print designer to a web designer. Either that, or if they are newer to the field, wouldn't they have learned web design. UX is a completely different animal, though I see many designers who like to get involved and understand UX because it has a huge effect on what and how they design. It depends on what you want to do with your ideas. If you want to just give them away and see where it gets you, then go with that option. If you want to pay somebody or share the development of a project with somebody, then find that person, and do that. If you absolutely must get something done, then do it yourself. That is how I got started in programming. Every programmer I spoke to about a project told me it couldn't be done. I didn't believe them, so I learned how to code, and built it myself. It worked as a program, but failed as a business. Now I have the skills to not only build my own projects, but to help others. Why are there so many photos of him without a shirt on? The Olympics is completely lost on this one. They are trying to control 'conversations', and that just can't be done. Can you imagine if Coke became an official supplier of the Haiti Earthquake relief, and therefore attempted to ban anybody who didn't pay the Earthquake Relief from talking about it. The WSJ is now writing about the Olympics and the athletes, and WSJ is a brand. Do they pay the Olympics to have the right to cover the sports? Should they have to? It has nothing to do with an advantage to a company of not having Canadians watch US programming, it is completely based on Copyright owners, which is MUCH more complicated than I could have imagined. For instance, you'd think that because Comedy Central broadcasts the Daily Show, they would have the rights to distribute that show online in all countries, but The production company of The Daily Show, provides only the rights to broadcast the show in the US. This way, the producers get to sell the same show again in a different region. If Comedy Central were permitted to broadcast beyond US borders, it would limit the amount the producers could make on the show. I believe it has has less to do with advertising to the consumer, which is revenue to the broadcast company, and more about the revenue to the production company, which is paid by the broadcaster. If we end up in an environment where you pay directly for content, this would probably change, as you'd possibly be paying directly to the production company and cut out the middle man. But I suspect that is all a long way off. Nice concept. I am having a rather difficult time with your colour scheme though. I'd think that with the subject matter you are dealing with, you'd want to go with something chearier, and lighter. The layout and colors have a rather heavy feel to them. I'm also not sure about the 'you didn't deserve that' link. Do you really want somebody else saying what another person should feel makes their life beautiful?? My simple advice from a colours perspective would be to play with the background and big bold black menu at the top. Soften those things up. You'd be surprised how well a grey on grey can work. Or grey on white. You've got a lot of black, which to me, doesn't suit your subject matter. I'm surprised that I can't find any info on the Google Apps Marketplace page about how developers can get their apps into the marketplace. http://www.google.com/apps/intl/en/business/marketplace.html Also, will google allow developers to bill for these apps? I have to disagree with a lot of what gregor is saying about energy breakthroughs. His concept of a "Built Environment" I don't think is a limitation in the developed world, and many of the technologies we are seeing are small scale energy production for the developing world. Where BloomBox and TeraPower come in is that much of the distribution or materials are already 'built'. With BloomBox, I don't think it is unrealistic to get a natural gas line to most places in North America. With respect to TeraPower, there is VAST ammounts of depleted nuclear material that is currently considered 'waste'. Bloom has the further advantage of not needing a distribution system, as the energy can go right from the box (source) to the user. Maybe I'm not getting what gregor is talking about? But this doesn't seem to be the 'myth' of energy breakthroughs. What are the past 'breakthroughs' which have failed? Also, pointing to Hydro as more popular than Nuclear doesn't prove energy breakthroughs are a myth. That is like saying that if wind power is 20% of energy production, that that would not be a breakthrough. I think your rebuttal is missing a very important point. Though you may not agree that The Sex Pistols were the best product, there is little doubt that they were the brand that is heavily associated with the genre. In another start-up comparison, The Sex Pistols weren't the best technical solution, but they got users. very cool, but I'm surprised that Opera didn't fair as well. Any recommendations on a certificate authority? There are a few comments about people liking the minimalist design, but for me, i find it a bit too pedestrian. Also, on the homepage I get a 'welcome to boardlite', but I have to click on the message to find out what it's about. Why not have a description on the homepage saying what boardlite is about. Also, why is the 'tracking ID' so prominent? Do you expect that to be something people will use? Just from the url, i was excited to check it out. Great name. But then I get to the site and I'm like... peach or salmon color or whatever that is??? Really?? The last thing that jumps out on the page is the content. The share links and ads are overwhelming. Your design doesn't fit your mood. You don't have to come up with a design all yourself, just steal the features you like from other sites. I think something like the bing.com design could work REALLY well for your site. Some bright and inspiring fotogs, then maybe a translucent block to hold the content. Don't be afraid to make the content for people to read in a big font. The length of each individual peace of content is so small that it doesn't matter if it stretches onto a few lines. If you look at the page right now, the ads are the most prominent thing, and clearly, I didn't go to your site to look at ads. So make sure your content does the talking, and they are the first thing the user looks at. I think this is nothing but a fluff piece, the media trying to find a story. I'm sure (and hope) that Microsoft workers use iPhones, Blackberrys, Palm, Androids and other devices. The best way to learn how to beat your competition is by becoming intimiately familiar with their products. Just grabbing a competitors device and playing with it once isn't the best way to make your product better. Also, if 10% of Microsoft employees have an iPhone, that is probably about right, with iPhone about 20+% of the market, and I'm sure Microsoft has incentives for using a corporate device. Plus it is clearly all business users, so RIM may have a pretty solid presence, and maybe even Danger. I prefer the riding a bike analogy, but it is the same principle. When you start riding a bike, and the bike is very slow, you are making constant adjustments to get it going in the right direction and balanced so that it doesn't fall over. A bike (unlike a plane) you need to keep putting the effort in and keep making adjustments, though after time, each proper input results in a greater result, until you reach a velocity where each input must overcome the aerodynamics before more speed is gained. same story, but everybody has ridden a bike, not many of us have landed a plane. That is quite scary, but I'd like to see this as a per/capita comparison against america and maybe even europe. We didn't have the 'sub-prime' credit program like the US did, or maybe we just don't realize that we in Canada have something similar, but maybe it just hasn't struck us yet. I've had Godaddy, Server Beach and The Planet. I wasn't that happy with the Godaddy because I found the management interface a real pain to figure out. Same with the reporting tools. I just bought an SSL cert yesterday from GoDaddy to use on my Server Beach server, and that brought back the memories of how difficult it is to get around inside godaddy's products. I really like the reporting features from The Planet, and the pricing was good. I just figured I'd try something else, and I've been pretty happy with Server Beach, but find I just run mpstat/ps to get server stats, rather than looking through a management console. As far as php mail(), my understanding is that it isn't the server that is necessarily the issue, but rather domain, and spam filtering. I'm using http://swiftmailer.org for mail from php, and I've been quite happy with it (although I haven't actually launched the service yet, so I'll have to see how it goes). I can't comment on Rackspace because I haven't tried it yet, though I'm thinking of going Cloud if the project I'm currently working on gets traction. it is very nicely done, and very simple. Though I'm wondering why the default, or only option is to download the pdf's rather than have them open in a new window? I see the 'download' buttons, but was expecting a click on the link to open the pdf, not download it. I don't need a download folder chock full of pdfs Otherwise, a really nice site.