Tel Aviv: You should be moving faster. A lot faster. Dublin: Be wittier then smart. Melbourne: I agree. Its a confused message that definitely has to do with sports not clothes. Not exactly the same thing. Spoofing you comp's trade name is pretty much the definition of trademark violation. It (Google's policy) flops around a bit. It differs between countries and seems to get tweaked or turned over every so often. I believe in the US bidding restrictions on trademarked terms were recently removed. But you are still restricted in using trademarked terms in ads. Personally, I agree that restrictions (bidding on trademarked terms) should be removed. I would compare it to handing out flyers on the street outside you competitions' shop. Tasteless maybe, but shouldn't be illegal. Companies don't own the search results, trademark or not any more then they own the street. I don't think that's worrying. If Amazon or Facebook or any other site did it wouldn't even be noticed. I think that's just reaching for a way to fault Google. BTW, an interesting application of personalisation is not so much search ads (They are already pretty much the most targeted ads because search term is enough to target ads with) but content ads (eg adsense). Currently, ads are targeted using relevance to page content/site content or demographics of the users. But search history reveals a lot about interests & could be the key to 'fixing' context advertising (from the advertisers perspective). $4b is an awful lot. Especially since any potential business model is still to be really proven. The sort of targeted advertising they are aiming for is not necessarily easy to pull off. And I think it will take a couple of years to prove it either way. I wonder what this does to their runway? Here's a potentially interesting angle: Digital print isn't killing newspapers. One major barrier to entry (bottleneck) was printing. You needed a certain volume & a certain infrastructure to print papers. Digital print really lowered that barrier. You can now get in at a fraction of the distribution volume. But we haven't seen a proliferation of papers. What does that mean? Could this mean that they are already dead in the air? What're the other options? That the bottleneck they used to control is not something they've been leaning on? That seems unlikely. A good few are not as hot as they used to be. The 'cream' areas, mostly classified ads, are drying up. And they were the areas with big margins. Down here (Australia), 'Fairfax Digital' the online version(s) of 'Fairfax Media' - the 1 ton gorrila of Aussie media, probably has kept it's market share of the key areas online. The have the #1 job site, real estate & they are doing ok with cars, personals, buy/sell and other traditional media cash cows. In terms of market share, I wouldn't be surprised if the (society's) move to online media has not been a net gain for them. However, they were in a pretty cushy position before. They had to compete with 2-3 other media giants. Now they are in constant danger of assault from under the radar. Google maps may make real estate sites useless. It seems improbable that 5 more years will pass & noone will figure out an online dating or car selling or something that will take out their sites. Basically, if I were them I'd feel like it's almost impossible for them to hang on to dominance for long. I assumed that the company was buying back the stock using the company piggy bank. But as mentioned below, maybe this is achieved by direct trading between employees or investors. I'm not really literate in the technicalities but something doesn't add up. The preferred stock deal with MSFT values the company at $15b 'internal valuation' that the shares were issued at is $4b. Aren't these supposed to be approximations of the same thing, roughly? Does that means that they can't go public with a valuation lower then $15b? That MSFT deal seems insane. Facebook would have to be an advertising powerhouse. "The problem is that online news isn't really free -- it requires funding from the dying offline business because online news doesn't have a viable business model." Very True. An online reader is just not worth much. Even if they do get you onto their site. "Successful news providers in the future will need to start with a much cheaper cost structure to match a much lower revenue model. " The business model might just be collapsing. And that does not necessarily mean a new one takes its place. I mean I can't take the 'new music business models' (t shirts and personalised songs & stuff) seriously. Sometimes industries collapse. Print news might be one of them. "Successful news providers in the future will need to start with a much cheaper cost structure to match a much lower revenue model" How about 0 cost (99% of blogs) & 0 direct revenue. BTW, for writer I think the alternative business model is more feasible. Books, appearances, lectures etc. A good few big name journalists could pull this off. Quite a few bloggers (in the business blogging field at least) do. Makes sense. I guess they pay an evil premium. But wouldn't they have something written into the deal that they can't sell the company at a valuation lower then the preferred stock price? Isn't that what preferred stock means. I suppose that there would be no restrictions on buying at a lower valuation. - Maybe amateurs (some future form of blogger). - Maybe free lancers building a name & readership for monetisation via books, lectures etc. (This should at least salvage the top tier journalists) - Maybe none. Who said a change has to be 100% for the better. When the printing press was born, illustrated books (hand illustrated) died. Maybe the whole thing needs to be free. Break Apple's make a profit on everything policy. In this case, these are the types of features people will use because they're there and get used to having. The they get hooked. Apple could get their own social network out of it. And they're going for a few rubles these days. '"The MobileMe launch clearly demonstrates that we have more to learn about Internet services," Jobs says. "And learn we will. The vision of MobileMe is both exciting and ambitious, and we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of by the end of this year."' If its not leaked & not intended for general consumption its pretty worrying. Could you imaging working with someone who says 'we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of' instead of 'this sucks. We need to fix it.' '"The MobileMe launch clearly demonstrates that we have more to learn about Internet services," Jobs says. "And learn we will. The vision of MobileMe is both exciting and ambitious, and we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of by the end of this year."' If its not leaked & not intended for general consumption its pretty worrying. Could you imaging working with someone who says 'we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of' instead of 'this sucks. We need to fix it.' It might even make sense for Techcrunch etc. to buy the thing to stick on their website. There's a bit in "The Elegant Universe" about how at this point it's impossible to distinguish between real but weird physics and just crazy. Well it is a good idea (I guess) if you want to keep taking chances but don't want an IPO or acquisition. You can't expect employees to keep working for risky stock forever. They'd have (I assume) a good few employees with $1/2m - $1m or even $50 - $100k worth of stock. For many, it's probably more then everything else they own put together. You wouldn't want to put everything you own on one risky & speculative tech stock. They'd be pretty keen on an IPO. I guess letting them cash out a bit is a way of releasing some of that pressure so they can keep taking risk. True, and neither of those are money-makers. The whole 'we'll make money off it with advertising later' has failed many times. Search is the exception not the rule. Until I actually saw some innovative advertising method making advertisers money and getting an excited response in that community, I'd be sceptical that they can do more with a pageview then NYT.com or About.com or any other 'site.' At banner ad monetisation rates, that would probably put them at around the $50m - $500m p/y mark. I guess a sort of important related question is: "Is money really much of a bottleneck here" If there was much more money from investors or the partners, would YC fund any more startups then it does? I have to admit, I know virtually nothing about how YC works, but it doesn't sound like it's all that capital intensive. And the cycle shouldn't be that long either. The technical difficulty is almost a side thing I guess. The box is the limitations of the medical profession. What I think is the interesting part of this is that he did not say: 'not my job' or (more likely) 'I wish that this was someone's job' or ' 'I wish we could do something.' He said 'what needs to be done. The guy who wrote it (Brian Greene) is a string physicist, so he definitely thinks so. Every time you hear a physicist interviewed about string theory what you get is: 'It's not very good, but it's all we got' According to Carl Sagan, the experiment will not produce much. I don't think they actually expect to produce micro black holes. The most 'interesting' probable result is actually a negative outcome. IE they fail to detect the Higgs boson. That would mean that the 'standard model' needs to be abandoned. Definitely. Another thing to note is that apple haven't really done any black magic marketing (though they have done that too) to get their margins up. They simply differentiated effectively. Noone else has in that market so it seems like voodoo. But in most markets (batteries, soap, jeans, cars) you have differentiated brands that command different premiums. A mac is not comparable to a windows pc (in the minds of many consumers at least). So the get to raise their margins. Dell including XYZ = Toshiba including XYZ. The specs are the value, pretty much exactly. So, like petrol stations, they don't have margins. Another thing to note is that most price comparisons compare based on seller costs. Because in a competitive market that is what market prices reflect. The value to a consumer is necessarily higher (or they wouldn't buy) and it can be much higher. If the cost of production is $1000and & the value to the consumer is $10000, the machine will be priced somewhere between those two. The more competitive (less differentiated) the market is, the closer to $1000. I wouldn't be surprised if apple is considering that route. Especially now after they've successfully bamboozled carriers with the iphone. But I actually think that the cheap ultra-portables (eg Eee) wuld have the edge here. If we take the mobile phone industry as a guide, the carriers will probably pay up to about $150 - $250 to get you on a $30 - $50 p/m plan. That doesn't make too much dent in an Air. If you bundle it with home broadband plan (maybe they'd subsidise $300) they could give out mini laptops for free or at $100 or so. Apple is actually in a spot. Experience & connections with carriers that no one else has, but no product to which a few 100s makes much of a difference. I never use Evite (no one evites me either) so I may not 'get it'. But I don't think anyvite necessarily needs to get people to switch (though maybe declaring war is probably good for PR). There is potential in the many people who have never used evite. I think anyvite has more of a chance for after work drinks or meals (maybe you need to reserve a table) an other casual & short notice stuff like that. It's probably good timing for a second wave of this kind of thing as mobile internet is getting a critical mass. According to the article's links (& I think this might be fairly accurate), we are on the 'mac is high' end of that swing. Ant this time it's higher more then a $100 difference. The 'is it alive' was always the sort of semantic bickering that biologists have always been prone to. Like all that arguing about classification (going back centuries). I don't mean when it's arguing about facts or their interpretation. As often as not it's just about naming conventions. Anyway, 'is it alive' is not an interesting question. That's just about defining 'organism.' Like defining, human or mammal, there has to be some grey area. 'Is it life' might be a better one. Because then you are talking about something that has consequences. In the absence of 'true organisms' can viruses themselves start an evolutionary chain? This discovery might mean that they can. First mover doesn't necessarily mean absolutely first. "Early mover" is probably a better term. Either way, it tends to apply to the first (or one of the first) to cross a certain hurdle. Doesn't bootstrapping also imply operating on founders' credit? I appreciate the distinction (& the modesty) but I think that YC is exceptionally sold. It seems to be a pretty good machine for getting people to do what you want them too. Does YC convince people to start companies? ..move cities? ..change game plan in a way that is as significant or more significant (to them) then signing a deal is to a VC? But I get what you mean. That knack for projecting momentum is rare. I think PG has said this before. There is incompatability between: A. VCs are 'funds' (IE they need to invest a big amounts) B. Partners only invest 1-2 times per year C. Startups are (or can be) cheap One of them has to give. Seems like its C. First/Early mover, is (I think) a more useful concept from the market perceptive then the technology perspective. eBay was the winner that emerged from the first tussle and as said above it was the first to hit a certain size. You might not want to call it a first mover but that is a semantic discussion. From the perspective of the market, it was. The iphone certainly is a late entrant any way you slice the market. Late mover doesn't necessarily mean loser though. Palm was a late entrant. I think what you get in that case is that the market had a few false starts. In that case, moving early would have been a mistake as the market didn't take off. You could argue that the ipod was a first mover from a marketing perspective. The idea is that the product (in the minds of users) is so different that it is essentially a different market. grey area But some areas definitely favour early movers. Interestingly, I don't think viaweb was one of them. You have a very large choice of online shop building software these days. There is not too much advantage in choosing the same software as everyone else. But I guess that wouldn't have been obvious at that point. Things could have rolled out differently though 'Web malls' could have happened. In that case, being in early would have been a big deal. Cheers for the link. Is there analysis that goes with it? "Google's customers are the advertisers." Technically. They do a great job of monetising search traffic but that's not the bottleneck. Search engines win by attracting their customers' customers, users. Advertisers will follow the users. I'm fairly new here but I am pretty impressed by the tone. The thing that I find interesting is the level you really notice how restrained people are. It's not more civil then a very relaxed in-person discussion. But when it's online, it seems extremely restrained. I had almost written off online discussion if a forum over a certain size (such as comments on a blog). As an experiment, I think it's very impressive. Shows it can be done. Tough Call. But on the whole I think a bad idea. True. From the perspective of most advertisers, they only care about their niche. If you your search engine or auction site is the place to go for tradesmen (plumbers, electricians etc.) or some other big money niche, you'd be able to make a lot more then you would with a much larger all purpose engine. I think you need to take this in Seth's Audience's context. He is not writing for startups. He's writing for businesses. Take Amazon (established 1994). It was a great success as a startup in 2-4 years (IPO in 97'). It got big fast. It made waves. It challenged the way the industry needed to work & it presented a net gain for the economy as a whole. It became profitable in 2001/2 (7-8 years). A reasonable definition of a successful business . By 2004 - 2008 (10 - 14 yrs) it's a stable business it is clearly here to stay. The elements of its strategy that made it successful in the second half of its life (the profitable one) are the slow & steady ones. Reliability, customer service, trustworthiness, customer goodwill, a long lived affiliate program... But I agree, some of the examples he gave were probably not the best. DO you have both or just a desktop? I wonder if Google realised before adwords started growing like wildfire that search was such a potentially powerful advertising platform. I know that other pay per click & search marketing services were around and were reasonably successful, but a lot of that was probably hard to seperate from the bubble. I mean I don't think there were many plumbers advertising on search in 99' & coca cola was never going to work. Yes that's how it will seem so long as it's not too big. Just like they present certain college jobs under some obscure classification that means they are not bound to minimum wage. Or mailbox stuffers. Down here they advertise those jobs as a way to make sure you get your daily walk & get paid a little. If it becomes a serious channel to a labor market, it might become a way of bypassing Chinas $144 minimum wage. (BTW, There are quite a few internet sweatshops going already with 12X7 weeks @ $144 p/m) I remember reading (couldn't find the link) that University texts were about the same price on kindle as hardcover. That has got to be a big mistake. - University texts are expensive because of the short runs. Authors get only a couple of $ for $100 sales. - University texts are heavy. - Students are the ones carrying multiple books around daily. (all those scenarios of not needing to pack 10 books on holiday...) Throw in the fact that students are a great segment to introduce these sorts of products to & it seems crazy that they haven't targeted colleges as the inroad for this product. I mean if you could convince Universities that: - Lecturers can prescribe aby books they want without worrying about being stuck with early editions or the print houses running out. - Lecturers can publish books themselves without a minimum run & keep 4X the profit from 1/4 of the cost to students. I mean they could almost make it a mandatory buy. Consider that over 3-4 years you spend approx $1000 (including buying & selling second hand), if they could sell college texts for $20, the total cost to students would be about 1/2 of the cost of hardcovers with reduced hassles. Amazon seems not to give a damn about that market. I think that they didn't do well in negotiations with publishers. Apple might have done a better job there I think. http://www.sed.manchester.ac.uk/idpm/research/publications/w... Seems sort of silly at this point. But with enough demand for more unskilled labour online, it might become something more substantial. From the paper: " The rather wobbly-legged best guesses for 2008 are that 400,000 gold farmers earning an average US$145 per month produced a global market worth US$500m; but we could easily more than double the latter to over US$1bn. There are probably 5-10m consumers of gold farming services. " Well, it might. Where I went, the campus bookstore was a co-op anyway. I think not for profit. I'd imagine for many campuses they just cost money to keep alive. But You'd probably still need them to an extent. I don't know much about VC structures. How much they need to invest per year. How many partners, etc. But I assume that even if the numbers are off, the principle stands: They invest in few companies per year, so they need to invest large amounts. Maybe VCs (or the ones currently around) don't need to be investing in software startups any more. The classic model is that VCs fund risky industries that need a lot of startup cash (like sailing to India to buy spices). If that's not software anymore, maybe they need to get out. At least out of some software areas. Actually, I was surprised at the numbers he was talking about: 50k, 200k.. Not necessarily. You have to compare sales to something. He's comparing (I assume) to what he thinks they could have been. Who is the real target of tech startup PR? Is it potential users or potential acquirers/investors? The point is that the reason that it's worth anything is one of the greyed out areas. All they really give you is the genre. Marketing Plan: 1) Get lots of people to use it 2) Charge a lot of money for it Funny. It's not necessarily part of the same. But it seems likely to be. The thing that is missing is what do 'you' do. If I am thinking up, designing, promoting & running the site. The sit = the business, what's are you for? BTW, there might be a his part. But it's not mentioned. Would you prefer me with an scalpel? I think the problem is partly the 'industry's' motivation. Three main reasons for outsourcing are: 1. Do it cheaper. 2. Do it better. 3. Don't want to develop skills internally, grow horizontally, grow at all. I think all these are variations & combinations of 1 & 2. If the motivation is 1, the effect is deep. Firms succeed by being cheapest. They hire, train & develop their employees based on this. The whole industry develops in that direction. Like with Customer Service. Most outsource to save money. Most should outsource because they suck at it. I think he was commenting on the software outsourcing in India industry, at its current state rather then the concept of outsourcing in general. I've heard a few versions of this. The PG is good. "Stuff has gotten a lot cheaper, but our attitudes toward it haven't changed correspondingly. We overvalue stuff." In other words, Hoarding is a vestige. I think this one has a lot of truth: "1. The things you own have a cost of ownership." Moving backwards in house size is nearly impossible. And it's largely because of stuff. Ever rented a cabin or tourist flat. They're small & relatively empty, but most people find it really nice. I wonder if any of that is taking a break from your stuff. FWIW, Apple and Google are both overvalued. :) Well as you said: 'growth bets'. Google are a long bet, I reckon. So far they're proven for putting out good products. But to be worth the money they need to monetise at least some of these. Up to now we have one success in that department: Adwords, which is extremely well thought out. But it's still just one point. They may not get another multi-$b cow. Adwords even if they manage to fix content ads, would be pressed to find that much growth (but 100%-200% is not out of the question) Apple may be justified. There is the old mantra of 'be very good at 2 things' instead of 'be the best at 1 thing.' Apple can do: 1- Software 2- Hardware 3- Marketing / Product Launches 4- Creating Markets & doing deals that put a nice chunk of it in their pockets (Itunes, App store) Take any 2 and you have a potential player in a lot of markets theat may grow very big. - TVish markets (some future apple TV?) - bookish markets (Kindle?) - thin clients (If the free with internet accesss PCs happen, who better then apple to make them? Nokia?) - gaming (could happen?) - GPSish markets (you never know where this might go) - In-Vehicle stuff (Ipod type thing for music & aircon & stuff in your new BMW?) You almost expect apple to grab a piece of any consumer electronics that come up. Problem is they seem to be running on momentum. Not sure that'll last forever. I suppose there is an equilibrium point in every scenario. A surgeon with a steak knife is preferable to me with a scalpel but not a medical student with a scalpel. But I guess the point is scalpels are usually easier to get then surgeons (or med students). And their quality scale is more finite. To add to that: How many of http://ycombinator.com/ideas.html could be cracked by Apple? I think 1, 2, 17, 27, they do, probably will do or are uniquely positioned to do. They could have as good a crack as any another half dozen. Come to think of it: "17. New payment methods" might be one for Google. I mean, the key(s) seem like they might be around millions of users with accounts & easy, frictionless interface. Google checkout's not really changing the word though. Users was probably the wrong term. I meant 'accounts'. Its funny how irritated the term web 2.0 makes people. Even more so if they end up conceding that some sort of a term was/is necessary. Hyped? sure. But fuzzy... It's not that vague is it? It's moving data storage and/or processing to servers. Even cloudier if it's through the web & even cloudier if it's something that was once done on the desktop. Outlook >> Gmail Word Perfect >> Google Docs Even wording it most fuzzily it's be something like.'Making the device less important' Concerts & theatre would sell it to me. I've been complaining there is no decent way to find something to do online (especially if you're visiting a city) for a while. I'm not 100% sure, but I think some of the best options down here a government run. & it's about selling stuff. If you're between buyers & sellers because buyers like you, you've got a business model. It's interesting that all these complaints from "IP facisim" to price are usually along the lines of: I shouldn't pay you because... or I will pay you because... That's not really a situation of ownership. At least not in the conventional sense. The conventional ownership meaning is 'I will pay you for this because I want it & otherwise I can't have it.' 'If you charge me an outrageus price, I will complain, or even not buy it.' I mean airport souvenir shops don't get more shoplifting because they have 1000% markup. Not sure what that means but payment feels voluntary to most people. And nothin aint worth nothin but its free Ramen Profitable - Great term. At great difficulty. A lot of people can't manage it. My girlfriend's father & his wife had two house. They liked the smaller one but it couldn't contain their stuff. The sold it. (and built a couple of new sheds to contain it's stuff) It's interesting to consider employee acquisition as a motivator. As far as I could guess there are a few motivations: 1 the technology 2 the product/userbase 3 the employees 4 kill competition 1 & 2 could be 'masterplan' motivations. 3 has a maximum dollar value. 4 is rarely admitted. It's hard to judge if they messed up without knowing which one it is. Well it may not be an immediate problem for founders (so long as they have no sentimental attachment to the company), because they've been paid. But it is a problem for acquirers & by extension a problem for future founders. If acquisitions fail to meet goals, they'll dry up. Well, seems to make more sense then separating observers from the universe. Ironically, I have heard quite a lot of people say that many Chinese tertiary courses are not actually very difficult. 'Ah, such economic ignorance! What is this "country" that "can't provide" if it isn't the people themselves who are to be provided for. People both take and create jobs.' There are constraints. For one, economies cannot grow faster then a certain rate (they're pushing it already) without fallout. For another, this is a largely controlled economy. I think they might be talking about 20 - 30 years ago. Wang (the child) is 29. I think the relevant point is not whether you can improve your test score by studying (you can). It's whether or not this is a good thing to be expending your energy on (from the public point of view). Is the next step up the scale 1 week cycles? I like this idea. Any ideas on how to scale past 100 shirts a week? ah Great site. I'm sold once you get going down here (Australia). Signed up with Edinburgh to practice ;) Now I wish I lived there. BTW, I'd love to see the long tail get taken care of properly. That's what I'm really interested in. I'd probably use a 'what's on tomorrow' page for small shows 100X more then a 'what's on this month' page for $100 + shows. Any way crack away at the RIAA thing. 4. Don’t use gender stereotypes: Were bikini models demo-ing the startups? Why is this so important? So many 'are macs expensive?' articles. Why does this keep coming up? >"An objective of the compulsory license is to ensure that a listener's experience is similar to traditional radio and essentially non-interactive (i.e., you can't hear a specific song when you want it), so as not to substitute for music purchase." If the legal environment that these laws (Digital Millennium Copyright Act) are trying to create is actually going to be, this sounds like it could be a great idea. Otherwise, it seems like obeying the law is trying to win a swim race in shackles. I think it comes back to not really wanting the internet to happen. And not necessarily irrationally. The recording industry world has been in a pretty sweat spot. The current (& past) world creates a substantial income built on 1. selling albums, 2. strict adherance to a 90/10 rule (revenue/artists), 3. Periphery industries that support 1 & 2 (eg: movie soundtracks, radio). Almost any step is a step away from that cushy world. So any slowing of change is good. That's actually an cool idea. I mean, if they can really pick your preferences effectively, you don't need 'stars' anymore. >"That makes me really sad" Id say it makes a lot of people angry. It's also another step in making people reconsider the concept of copyright for music. I think someone's mentioned it here in the discussion: Copyright protection is not an inalienable right (like the right to remain silent), it's an instrument designed to have some desirable result (like tax deductions). Copyright in this case is preventing innovative products & services, and very probably harmful to the art itself. 'Small' artists & genres have the most to gain from the potential of free music. An irony of this kind of business is that if someone isn't going to buy, it's still to the benefit of the vendor if she has it. The only issue is that it's almost impossible to distinguish between a give-away that cannibalises a sale & one that does not. Presumably, terrestrial radio is not seen as a potential replacement for CDs while internet/satellite is. It's all rubbish of course. In a way, 'stars' might be a lot worse off without piracy. Consumers might be drawn to free music given away by weird artists (Radiohead, NIN). Presumably a lot of those would be artists with 0 sales & nothing to cannibalise. Take, software as an analogy. How many users of pirated MS Office would otherwise use Open Office? In the south, these might have become the standard if not for piracy. It's actually a little ironic. The Venture industry exists because big opportunities can be pursued with fraction (maybe 1/10) of their potential worth. But now opportunities of the same size can be pursued with a much smaller fraction (say 1/100). As an investor, you're still willing to pay the 10th. Economics goes a little fuzzy around the edges. So the problem is not: - Off-topic articles are not interesting. it is: - Off topic articles are interesting also to off topic readers & off topic readers jeopardise the nature of the site/community. I don't think you have to. http://appjet.com/docs/faq "I think it's extremely likely that JavaScript will be absolutely pervasive in applications in the coming years" Why? Why hasn't it happened yet. JS has been around for a while. Web developers's have known it for a while. Why now? Because of Appjet or whoever else will fill that role? Or because 'rich web apps' have reached that point? {I'm not baiting, I'm actually asking} DO you have an exit strategy? If so, when did you formulate it? If early on, how has it affected your product? "He says once he can afford it he will pay" There's a few things that I never could believe: A woman when she weeps A merchant when he swears A thief who says he'll pay - A lawyer when he cares A snake when he is sleeping A drunkard when he prays I don't believe you go to heaven when you're good Everything goes to hell, anyway... (Everything Goes to Hell, Tom Waits, ) Apple's like a case study in multiple competencies. "Early stage" of the market. That does not necessarily equal in the technology. What seems odd is that Amazon seems to be trying to avoid a game change. They want to make reading /book ownership & retail different with as little effect on what goes on further up the value chain as possible. Prices are more or less the same, for one. That doesn't seem to make sense. I don't think the argument is about (or entirely about) attractiveness (or lack thereof) of high margin sectors. It's about being able to thrive in that kind of environment. For example, Apple cannot thrive in the same kind of environment as Dell. Apple's corporate culture, habits & history would put it at a disadvantage in a world where margins are thin because it has not evolved or been optimised for that environment. In a world where competitively driving down costs via stock turnaround times & cheap production determine success Dell has the upper hand. Similarly, in a world where revenue per employee is low, a company such as Google might be ill equipped. I am not agreeing or disagreeing with this position (I don't really know enough to). I'm sure you could argue other forces at play might be more significant or that his assumptions about Google's tactics are incorrect. But it's not nonsensical. What I did find unclear was which category he places himself in: SMB software or enterprise. But that's a limitation of the medium (personal blogs). Some background is assumed. I'm willing to take that as it means writers don't have to start from scratch. If what collapses the current industry structure is apple's device, they'll probably come out in a decent position. If that's what's going to happen anyway, isn't it better to lead? Especially if there's a chance of locking users in to a device with DRM. And it seems impossible that there won't be a change. The whole economics of printing is built on the realities of.. printing. How long can they keep pretending that books are being printed? But I guess you're right. It's not 'no sense' it's 'no cojones'. That is by definition a very niche problem. Apart from running each other's proprietary browsers, there is no reason not to make any browser with enough of a following to determine machine choice, available on any platform. Normally, the reason an 'app of choice' wouldn't be available is obscurity. The point here is that the only app that matters now is the browser & maybe another handful. Fewer chances for an obscure killer app to kill the sale because all your obscure apps are online. If all you need to do is make sure that all important browsers are available on your platform, it's doable even if it's chasing down browsers with less then .01% of users. Yes that's true. But it still plays in the phone league. It replaces a purchase of another phone. If hadn't bought an iphone, you probably would have bought a nokia. You know 3 or 4 doesn't seem that bad. Should be manageable. It's not, that's unfortunate. In lots of cases 3 - 4 players can virtually act as one. Look at the RIAA. A model of cooperation. "Design Products for Yourself" works in the brave new world of the long tail. 'You' are probably representative of a bunch of consumers worldwide. Enough to make a market. 'He' isn't in that world. He's in the mass market world where you need 'market share' and 'mass appeal.' So being very appealing to some people is no good. In that world, you needed to be 'good enough' for lots of people. Problem is people will move away from good enough to good when it becomes available. And it almost impossible to be good for everyone. This article's a bit unfair. If you read the interview (kinda long) the quotes' are a little out of context. At least they don't really represent the jist of his arguments. Sure, the business model is built on artificial product life-cycles, content-container hybrids that are unnecessary and market segmentation that is being aggressively created to wring as much out of a new flick as possible. He refers to this: http://www.flickr.com/photos/13736953@N00/2762004788/ (He segments the market across 2 axis (medium - store/mail/internet/kiosk & method - rent/buy/subscribe) But given that environment, his arguments are reasonable. They want to focus on the big market - Physical Store. VOD subscriptions, he sees as a small market indefinitely. VOD buy/rent he sees as a long term direction so. The point about new releases sounded a little more along the lines of: The new release market is more substantial. We have chosen to focus on those. We can, if needed support the long tail. It's a bit cheap taking shots at everyone & anyone in an anachronistic business. What do you expect them to do throw the business out the window & start over? The in store market still exists. So more like a dating/matchmaking site? Which ones are Hebrew, which Russian? I'm venturing this guess: 1. Russian 2. Russian 3. Hebrew I speak Hebrew. I don't speak Russian, but I had a lot of Russian friends growing up. So I've heard a lot of jokes fall flat in translation from Russian. I thought I recognised the sound. I would say a slight Russian accent. There's still a problem that no one's figured out matchmaking properly yet. At least not online. Offline the two main methods are: - friend set-ups/ Family - Dating (I think this is what this site does) I guess a way of asking is why are we so married to the concept of classifieds. Maybe you should look at innovation in finding jobs, finding houses, etc. Ebay is an innovation in buying selling stuff (once classifieds territory). Personally, I think maps/real-estate, very possibly from Google could be a major point of attack. just makes sense to find real estate on a map. Also makes sense to book hotels. 2 money areas online. fatalism >People are paying for good apps. As in, they’re giving you money in exchange for software. You gotta hand it to Apple on the market creation side of things. No one pays for music. No one pays for small consumer software. Micro-payments don't work. It's as if that stuff doesn't affect them. hey! For one thing, it means that Justhackit's got a few people on it now. True. They did come down on Slinkset with a sort of : "You don't need a push button news site. Installing your own is easy enough." >"So is Slinkset really necessary?' "I don't think JustHackIt will take off, but I..." http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=281199 Still? This isn't just a-typical it's dangerous. They are trying to be something they are not. Mac vs PC is not a symmetric fight. If apple wins 1% of windows users, its a big win (somewhere around 10% increase in sales). But it doesn't work both ways. If windows 'steals' 25% of mac users, it's less then a 2% increase in windows sales. (& reaching those markets with airtime costs the same) Windows could have beaten that just by reducing replacement time by a few months. Going after Apple's (tiny) market, with their hands tied (Vista isn't fun) for meagre rewards isn't smart. Reads better then The Republic That's exactly what I was thinking when I read it. But Cuil was trying to pull off a bigger sting than most. Exactly. Microsoft need to keep people from thinking & making decisions about OSs. Forget that there is a choice. More of the first. Some of the second. But the latter with a sort of sly smile. If only they came with a free sample dvd. disposable cameras. Hawaii sounds like a good idea. Mostly because a few rental companies own 100% of the cars. Be a good experiment. But if you're trying to test run for the world, a resort island doesn't prove anything. Israel's just small enough to be feasible. But it's big enough & 'normal' enough to be applicable to most European Countries. It's also got a big advantage that a large number of cars are leased by employers as part of salary packages. Similar advantage to the rentals in Hawaii. The phone model isn't pretty. Making deals with governments, locking people into networks. But I suppose at this point, anything that works. But the end result may be ugly. I think there's a need for "If it worked in ___ it could also work in ___". Japan & Korea may do that for China. I'm not sure. Israel may just do it for a lot of Europe. Even though the fact that Israel has uber high vehicle taxes (I think only Singapore is higher) gives it a huge advantage equivalent to a big subsidy. But in papers & on politicians desks it may not be the same thing. 'Tax Break' sounds better then 'Subsidies.' So a good strategy is finding somewhere with massive taxes. You could make a pretty strong argument that IT guys in a solicitors office means something is broken. This article is just saying that taxi companies don't need as many on board mechanics. Do you have alternatives? If you're speaking hypothetically to figure things out, maybe keep the (hypothetical) alternatives all on the investors' side of things. Something like ''brand name' VCs that don't care vs lower tier VCs that are excited about the technology'. True. That is what makes it a great read (I thought it was) & a great experiment. You can easily understand the pieces. But hopefully, some rules & guidelines might emerge from this type of experimentation. These would (if they are good rules & guidelines) be applicable more widely. It'd be difficult to work out the laws of mechanics by examining an engine. But playing with a lead ball in a lab can eventually help you build a better engine. I was just trying to simplify the comparison for the purpose of valuing a VC's excitement about your technology ( assuming that you are unlikely to be looking at 2 term sheets simultaneously). Unfortunately, I don't have the experience to offer any useful advice myself. I went over it again and had a look at the linked paper. The farmer originally had the minimum wage problem. The piece rate needed to keep everyone over minimum wage regardless of skill level or field quality. So (Piece rate) = (Minimum Wage) / (the lowest performer's fruit quantity). You can scale incentive on additional output, but it has to go up from there. In this environment, he could probably work out a pay scale that works & it is to his advantage if worker earn more then minimum wage (because he probably pays less for marginal output). Problem was that another productivity factor is the field. So, if he sets the above rate based on the worst field he is over paying workers on the best field. This is where 'generous' comes in. It means they were getting paid for being on a good field not working faster. His solution was scaling based on group productivity. In a perfectly individualistic market, this is a good system . But the workers colluded to work less for the same pay (as opposed to getting paid more). The economist 'fixed' that by removing the group incentive (they call it an externality) to pick less. Down here (Australia) you hear "highly qualified" very often. It's used interchangeably with "highly skilled," which is the Governments' favourite phrase. Drives me bananas. I've also lived in Ireland & heard this terminology used a bit. Yes. The seasonal thing is central. Important assumptions here are basically: A - Workers have no incentive not to screw the employer. B - Employing/Retaining staff's not an issue. This is also part of the seasonal work. It's not worth looking for a different job when it's only a couple of weeks. If this were a more perfect market (infinite time, perfectly informed participants ...), the decreasing marginal rates (to avoid being over generous), would disappear. You'd be better off pinching your neighbour's picker that picks twice 2x fruit with 2 X minimum wage then keeping you 0.9x picker at 1 X minimum wage. Thanks for the extraction. It's interesting that the deviation went down when the pay scale was 'fixed.' Makes you wonder if it was the same workers that were productive or not. Maybe it was a good opportunity to make a good wage if you were willing to take social flak. I'd like to point out that this is coincidental. The standard deviation might have gone up to the benefit of the (hardest) workers. The farmer would probably still been better off too. Another interesting thing that you can clearly see in your numbers what a blow to the farmer (and advantage to the workers)it is to have weak workers. They set the pay rate. The next con could be to collectively hire bad workers. This is brought up in the article's thread: Is VC funding needed or optimal for the majority of these companies? To add to that: Is there a gap between the common ceiling for angel funding & the common floor for VC? Well not 'free' exactly. Minimum wage is the regulation that's causing all the trouble here. Without minimum wage, Many of Farmer Smith's problems would have gone away. He could just pay the lowest rate at which he could still get enough workers to pick his fields. He still might have to adjust the rate by field, bit once that's done he wouldn't have to worry about motivating workers. Bring up an interesting point. With Amazon, you can see a reviewers other reviews. A good thing to do might be to identify those who have purchased the product, even if you don't exclude those that haven't. >>That's what they said about P2P and RIAA is still suing hundreds and hundreds of people. Sure. But I think that's ore out of frustration then strategy. P2P (among other things) is killing copyright. Well, at least in the way that guns kill people. Not sure if I'd make that a rule. Well many people do. But I think it's hard to keep things civilised that way. Great idea for a product to work on. Ballsy too, taking on hardware production & dealing with all that physical production, economies of scale, ploughing fields & the rest of that 19th century stuff. I can see a lot of potential for this. Nice thing is that you have a product and you can just sell it, in exchange for money. Just like any web retailer. On that note, you might want to take advantage of some of this PR for SEO and give your site a quick once over. I see that for digital photo frame, picwing appears 6-7 time in the first 100 Google results via reviews & press but your site doesn't even come up if you search 'social photo frame'. Who's buying the things at this point? I'd be putting money on people buying them for their mums. Could be a huge Mothers Day hit. Not beta friendly though. What would they do if pirating was impossible? Use Gimp or buy Photoshop? What is exactly is 'your way?' The better then nothing bit still applies. For those that would buy, piracy is a net loss for the company. For those that would use open source, it's a net a loss. It's like the old saying: "Only thing worse then being talked about.." Only thing worse then being pirated is not being pirated. Still. Doesn't seem like justification for a government ban. You could have a 'talkers' section like they used to have a smokers section. Keep at it & get down under. We like music too & we can't find it ;) Unless you're Apple So you think that the definition of theft requires lost revenue? Would you accept that in end cases? Say you steal a toy from a child that has piles of em? They don't even notice. Not theft? I think you guys are going down the wrong path here. It doesn't matter (to the status of piracy) whether or not piracy is harmful or any other consequences. If 90% of shoplifters get hit with a sudden case of Dostoevsky & slip envelopes under doors resulting in 120% ... It would still be theft. Just like assault is still assault if they sober up & buy you an icecream. I'm not saying piracy is theft. It is different enough to warrant its own word (& its own treatment). 'Preventing revenue' is not a reasonable explanation. Standing outside a store and yelling like a madman scaring away customers is also preventing (stealing?) revenue. In some cases, I think that piracy is helpful to companies (photoshop might be an example) in others it's harmful. But that's besides the point. You can invoke that in a wider discussion of how laws should be made or you may be making a moral assertion that rights & such aren't important, only consequences. But that's not really our system (or most people's understanding). Anyway this discussion is 90% semantics. It's only important to propaganda campaigns (saying stealing is more effective then saying violating copyright). I think the problem was with bad arguing. One person arguing the legality. Another, the morality. A third steps in with semantics. Since they all use the same words they think hey are talking about the same thing. But they are not. If you replaced the words they used with the words they mean they'd sound like a pack of hyenas. No good analogy. Giving bad advice professionally can be illegal (so is piracy). But it's still not theft. Exactly. I always get frustrated that gets left out of the debate. The issue is not money. The issue is control. Control is ownership (or a close cousin). That's why internet music taxes & whatnot are ridiculous. That doesn't restore ownership. Just money. nice to meet you Well. It's a problem requiring a creative solution. It's certainly hard. I don't know how to do it, but I wouldn't say it's impossible or all up to fate. That was actually convincing. This is a monopoly like market by definition. We have companies competing for a finite amount of customers (or customers' attention). If you had five equally popular search engines, they wouldn't really compete prices down anyway. The number of searches (supply) would still be the same & advertisers (demand) would still be the same. The only reason MSN & Yahoo (not to mention real obscure engines) still earn less per click is a sort of market imperfection: It's complicated & time consuming learning another system & running parallel campaigns. For an extra 5-10%, it isn't worth it for small campaigns. Monopoly or not, they are not manipulating the market. It manipulates itself. Are there any estimates on how much total has gone into iphone apps? We know what the market's worth (approximately). That's also the reason you're getting VC money. Because you have something to do with it. If you answer 'I can't grow' (can't find programmers). You are saying: no need for investment. If you say: I don't need VC money and still get it, that's a bubble. Lingo is so important. I was at a lecture once given by a top Australian political PR/Lobbyist. He recounted running the battle over some environmental policy that the National Farmers Federation (NFF) was opposing. Fascinating stuff. One of the central components was 'owning' a handful key phrases. They wanted 'sustainable' (as in economically sustainable communities).'Custodianship' (the farmers as opposed to collective) to be associated with them. He showed the progression of the use of these in the media over the campaign period. There was a 180 degree turn. All those words completely changed sides & completely changed meanings. The public attitudes (eg for/against sustainability) didn't. I wonder what RSS adoption would have been if the it had a better lingo to begin with. Well that goes to the definition of rich. I'd say it is (or should be) at least partially to do with the psychology. Work it out. Play with unknown factors (future rent, interest & house prices) and see what you come up with. Mostly it's about even. But just as you say a lot of human elements come into play. People choosing a rental or a purchase choose radically different properties so usually saying 'I would be paying this rent' is meaningless since you would be living somewhere completely different paying different rent. And saying 'I would be saving X' is also meaningless because you probably wouldn't be. I think these usually outweigh the pure financials. many people purchase houses that would have never saved a dime. But of course, that's beatable. And GUI Down Here (Melbourne) it's a lot more extreme then that. $2200 p/m for a $500k place is >5% return. Here it's about 3.5%-4% for a normal family house and 4%-5% for a flat. *Interest rates are about 8% Nor does it mean that they can't scale. I love that recipes is always used as a way of explaining how useful consumer technology is. I think Apple Lisa had an ad with a women using it in the kitchen. You'd think that recipes present our biggest problem needing a technological fix. BTW: I agree that if it's cheap, easy & nice, there'll be all sort of uses for it. Agreed. This is not a laptop. It needs to be a distinct creature. If this takes off it can have some sort of keyboard down the track. But only after the users figure out what it's for. And the keyboard is probably not central to that. Well well. So now I know. We've come a long way. From $10.6k, 70kg recipe computer with an integrated cutting board, to a $200, 0.5 kg recipe computer with touch screen. The start-up that finally cracks this recipe problem will really make it. That is an interesting question. (An is it evil question ). I guess it comes down to what they are trying to achieve with the browser in the first place. Is it improving the web experience or creating a dominant browser? I think it's likely that the latter will creep in once they're at it for a few years. But for now the first seems to be a pretty important goal. For now, Firefox is a pretty important way to further that goal. And for now, Google seems happy enough to sink some cash into that goal. $15m-$20m p/y is probably a reasonable sum (compare to other expenses in this area) as long as A: Firefox significantly improves the web for users & B: That is a Google goal that they're willing to pay for. It's not charity either. What's default search worth on the open market? Probably something. Question: Is there any/much value in controlling the browser or owning the most popular browser in itself? *By 'in itself' I mean ignoring advantages such as Google's: 'We need web-apps to work' or Microsoft's: 'We need web-apps not to work' If default Search Engine settings are actually worth what Google paid ($55m for 15% of the market X 3 yrs) & no other revenue sources exist, the market's worth about $120m p/y. is that it? Where is the browser == eyeballs? BTW, I think that the big success of Google is in realising that's really true. Web Searches == money. But not inherently. I agree that the theory is bogus. But.. 1) Explicitly covering their agenda only has value if you trust them. If Steve Ballmer was telling you about how he wants to improve the web experience for everyone, would you buy it. 2)They don't lose any impressions by replacing FF. They just stop paying for them. 3) I agree. But that just means you don't care if they kill FF. Not that they're not. The splash the pond strategy. Platform dependence. Are you talking about eyeballs for search? Because that'd be included in the above estimate ($120m p/y for %100 of the market) assuming they're paying mozilla fairly for defaults. Do you mean something else? Like eyeballs on the browser itself? True. Shows how much reputation is worth. Well the article was saying is that from a developers perspective, it is the bottom chunk of the market (IE6) that determine what he can or can't do, not the top. Assuming of course, that whatever he's doing needs to run on all computers. I think this falls in to the 'best for what?' category. Bookmarks are something that gets used differently by different people. Some freaks (no offence) with thousands of bookmarks have radically different needs to others. So information gathering? I don't think it's fair to call it a misconception. It is a claim or maybe even an accusation. One that Universities are are commonly accused of. One that is being extended to YC. Universities might similarly defend against this claim by pointing to the resources spent on educating as opposed to filtering. But I don't think that this is necessarily a good defence. If anything, it points to an institution's internal priorities, not its value to potential students. It seems to me that if YC is consistently successful, it can't avoid becoming a filter in the eyes of investors. This would eventually come to affect applicants' perception. If YC increases a company's chance of attracting investors, this might become the motivation for participation. Investors listen to pitches or even invest because of YC's track record. Startups apply because of investors' perception. Similarly, University applicants often think along the lines of creating an impressive resume. This is partly because it is true (an Oxford degree is better at getting jobs then an unknown one) and partly because people tend to undervalue educational potential of things beforehand. Throw in the fact that top Universities get the power to choose the best applicants & it becomes difficult to tell if they are picking winners, creating them or just in control of some bottleneck. In any case, I think it's a point of interest. New Book? Well this is the challenge. Chrome needs to be compelling for 'normal people.' As you say that's not easy. Most 'normal people' haven't tried Firefox on someone else's machine & said 'I want this not that.' In fact, many are still on IE 6. So the bar for 'compelling' is high. You need someone who does not find the difference between IE6 & FF compelling to find Chrome compelling. Big call. FF got to >15% on that sort of steam without much marketing (but still some). Google can probably out-market Mozilla. Religious monopoly was broken by the Washington Monument. Seems from the comments that what entrepreneurs want most is speedy responses. The biggest influence on Google's actions is probably public opinion. If they start large scale assaults on their users' IP because of a dodgy EULA, they'd lose all that goodwill (which for Google is worth a lot). I can't see them doing it. I've been thinking about that a bit. The fact that Chrome needs to 'sell' to users that haven't even made a switch from IE6. But is that really the case? Maybe the issue is 'will it be compelling for developers?' (Maybe this's more of a question for gears). But Salesaforce.com is a good example. What if you told users that they need to download a new browser to use an app. Still probably easier then downloading & installing a piece of desktop software (and it's by google). If a modern browser really enabled things that are just impossible to do in IE6 (or a browser without chrome), developers would develop for them and that would push user adoption. IE6 is annoying, annoying pushes user abandonment. But it's not enough to push developer abandonment. For that, you need 'prohibitive'. I think the day developers are making a choice between developing for certain browser(s) or developing for desktop, is the day we have a compelling reason to switch. harsh What game changing does a $98 laptop do? (Apart from the OLPC mission.) For example, does anyone think that laptop price is holding back mobile phone business models for laptops (free with broadband)? I can't say that I understand the subtleties, but I imagine the case would need to be built on Google's monopoly in the search engine market, not the browser market. Why do you need more than the OLPC mission? That's a pretty damned audacious thing. I didn't mean to imply anything about the benefits of availability in low-income countries or the OLPC mission. My question intention was more along the lines of: 'apart from the obvious.' Naturally, affordability for the remaining (majority) of the world that cannot afford a laptop is the important consequence of decreasing costs. What I meant was as the cost of a usable, connected laptop or laptop-like machines approaches zero, what changes (if any) can we expect in the behaviour of existing laptop users. Any new uses, products and such that might come out of this? Some bait: http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/09/04/secretive-storage-compa... I think that depends. If Chrome actually enabled features otherwise impossible, they might. At least they'd have a rational reason too (as would all developers). Maybe Gears is more of a candidate for this. He thinks Google is unlikely to invest much in enterprise applications, because profit per employee is much lower than in its advertisement-financed consumer business. I know this isn't the article's centre of gravity, but... It bugs me to hear this thrown around so easily. There is no existing business model that produces that type of cash from online advertising. Search is the exception. Not the rule. Google's hedging bets, tying their hands but at the end of the day, these free web services will either need to be: 1. subsidised by a giant (like google does now) for whatever reasons they can get together 2. very cheap to run. IE web-services will replace companies many times their size, taking only a fraction over the revenues. You can always get some revenue from ads. 3. paid for by users 4. a business model will emerge that will do for apps what overture/adwords did for search. I wouldn't be putting all my shells on 4. Unless i'm missing something. Gmail is probably one of the 'best-bet' ad-supported apps. If it was a yearbook, they might get 'most likely to succeed' Anyone have an idea how much they make? The idea is a very limited universe. Telling the same story with the same tools. Repetition without repetition. Repetition is one of the most effective ways of changing how people feel about something. I agree. An analogy could be the motor vehicle business. 90% solved by the 50s or 60 or 80s or whatever you place it at. But obviously cars still get better with time. I must be one of the few that actually likes albums. I don't like the industry acting like they have a right to sell them to me if I wanted a single. And if people don't generally like em they should die. But I'd prefer the album format stuck around. Come on... The point is valid. No need to be pedantic. Basic salary in the US (even though it is lower then in many countries with similar GDP p/c) covers basic nutritional needs. You could probably extend that. Though I would say that it says nothing about how much/little they are struggling. Paris Hilton would struggle on $10k per month. So do the record companies. There's a debate show here (Australia) that hosted a piracy/music industry. Some record industry rep explained that the industry wasn't thrilled about digital (even if people pay) because it cannot sustain on 'singles alone.' He seemed fairly confident that there cannot be any change of standard until they're confident that the new the change is sustainable . It's one thing complain that their rights are being trampled by piracy. IE they have a right to 'sell' their work. But a right to sell albums is a little far fetched. What would be the strangest thing? But I too am amazed that old ladies in middle America on fixed income are pretty much 99% of the ad market. That's not really true of adwords. The whole 'lower-middle wage housewife interested in sweepstakes' persona were the ones that clicked on banner ads, 10 years ago. Anyway, the way ppc adversising is structured these days, 'most clicks' & 'most advertising spending' are not the same thing. There's an old saying that half of advertising is wasted, but you never know which half. That's the point of adwords. You know which half. Roughly anyway. I must say, much more interesting then most goldmines in this world. Couldn't imagine Yellow Pages doing this. I imagine that Google has a clean tech agenda here as well as a 'how do I cool & power a data center' agenda. I have a feeling this is has been talked to death, but i haven't seen it. What is the range for core-member group size for which Slinkset/Reddit/HN - like is advisable. Naturally, there's a lot of squeeze room depending on the activity of member but... Anyone have upper/lower limits? I see what you mean. Naturally, there are various uses for the system, especially with minor variations. But what I really meant was as a social news site. BTW, do you have any sense of ceilings? Well then it might show ability to pick the right person for the job. Or more likely, the right person to pick the right person. I think that there's another question (& I think it's part of the point he's making): 'Is leverage and ability to expand faster, something you want?' In other words. not can you play the Startup/VC game without a VC but, should you be playing that game at all? One of the points was that 10,000 users was a failure for a VC funded startup. That's not necessarily the case if you don't have an inherent valuation you need to aim for. I doubt it. At least in the press, a lot of Apple's growth is attributed to 'See how good ipod/itunes works? You'll like OS X.' I think I recall Apple's own marketing materials leveraging the same 'If you get itunes, you'll get all apple stuff' line. That all sits on top of the fact that Apple doesn't necessarily seem that excited over selling macs. They're happy selling iphones & ipods that need pc support. It may be a lead in to a mac, but's its a big business in itself. A single long term iphone user may even be worth more then a mac user (kickbacks, music/apps, more frequent upgrading). So purposely being crap on windows is not smart. What I find interesting is this: The music player has become a huge pivot point. Itunes is (theoretically) one of the reasons ipods have made it. None of the pre-ipod desktop players really got much out of their previous positions. Imagine if in the first few ipod years, scandisk, sony or some unknown had come to market with an ipod that uses winamp as its itunes. half the price & just use whatever software you were using before. That would have been a big gun in the arsenal. It was already popular with the right people to buy mp3 players (people who had mp3s), already proved to be nice to use (lots of people used it). Instead, they used their own crappy software that no one in a million years would choose to use if it wasn't for the damn mp3 player they got when they where too cheap to go for an ipod. I would take it even further. There is no evidence that whatever business models emerge after the current situation collapses, will be anywhere near as profitable on the whole as the previous one. There is even less reason to think that the future model(s) will be as profitable for the same players. They're on a sinking ship bucketing water. Why not get off? Maybe there aren't enough lifeboats? A sinking ship is better then open ocean after all. If the future of music doesn't contain the current players, prolonging the inevitable demise of the way things are done is 100% rational. When it sinks. It sinks. No point getting wet before you have to. Look at it from this angle: With ppc, the advertiser needs to make buying clicks worth his while. A big part of that is advertising in the correct place. If you the 'publisher' want control over what ads appear, how often etc. you'll need to remove any risk from the advertiser - CPA/affiliate so that it's always worth it to the advertisers.' When it's up to the publisher to make the advertising work, they can have control. When it's up to advertisers, they need it. I don't see an obvious way around that. It's playing up to the mac ads. What makes something a winner is often very small. What makes that essay a winner is this: You can't just say "Err" to the user of a stove. I liked this : Now with lots of AJAX! Is this an intended use: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/items/2008/09/11b.html ? BTW, he's right about the URL. Wonder how much the squatters want for it? # is a good suffix. Clever branding. It means that if high risk is required and/or the world in which they operate is about to turn upside down, the structure of major companies doesn't put them in the best position to take those steps. BTW, it's not just execs that aren't holding stock for 100 years, its shareholders too. At least those that influence stock price. But I don't think it's impossible to change course completely. IBM famously turned things around. But they had some things going for them. The industry grew around them so they could go from being 50% of the industry to being 6% of the industry (made up stats) and still grow in absolute terms. But recording Companies are recording companies. Even if you buy the claim that you can the industry can shift to selling t shirts, concerts tickets & personalised albums & still make the same amount (I don't), you can't walk away from that simple fact. Their whole world depends on a reality that no longer exists. 1.It's expensive to produce a recording. (they'll fund you) 2.You must have economies of scale. (Gotta cut at least 100k) 3.You have physical control over distribution via limited channels (copyright exists, physical objects are worth money) The current world simulates that reality to keep record companies in bread. Why the hell do you need a record company if you can record an album for a couple of grand, promote it on user generated radio where things are spread virally out of the control of record companies & distribute it in the same way the Rolling Stones do? The Wal Mart model has room for record companies (if your not one of the top 50 or top 100 your not there. The itunes one does not. Even if the execs were to take longer term positions, they would have incentive to keep this up. The future doesn't include them. Keep it away. We'll see. I'd love to see a massive groundswell in music. But so far, we still have junkie 'hits'. Most peoples itunes playlists are essentially like the other guys' itunes playlist. I'm not sure about streaming. But they do have some evidence that keeping hits off of itunes for some big names can improve album sales enough to make it worthwhile. Short term & silly. But there is reasoning. Actually, I had read that article but forgot about it. It's probably where I got my description of the model. It's a good article. Gives you a feel for the context of all this. I totally agree that free services have gotten a major upgrade as part of the economy & that it makes sense. But on the incentives to service providers, they just list a few: advertising, cross subsidy & freemium . Advertising is an old one. We know that one from the TV/Radio/Magazine world. We also know it's not capable of funding every type of popular free web thing. (Great on Search, less great on Facebook). Cross subsidies - Also pretty straightforward. Real estate site provides tools, Google gets people to like them etc. etc. Freemium, on the other is not as well trodden. Especially if your strict about excluding free samples from the category. Thanks for the link. Wufoo & BlinkSale are interesting cases. I was surprised to see their conversion rates so transparently out there. But services like Freshbooks, RegOnline, RescueTime & 37 signals stuff are not really what I'd call part of the 'Freemium' business model. The free version is either limited in time or functionality to the point where you can't be a 'real' user (like you can with Gmail or Dropbox) without being a paid user. Even BlinkSale is kind of borderline case. Serious users would 90% of the time need a paid account. Wufoo is also near the 'sample' end of the spectrum though it looks highly usable with a free account. Nothing wrong with that of course, non one says you can't sell services. Also they're all in the business tools arena. That's definitely an area where paid tools are likely to succeed. But it's an area that (as you can see from those examples) it's pretty straightforward to sell software subscriptions. But they really don't get us anywhere near a facebook premium. Flickr is potentially a good example. It's consumer oriented & I'd guess the great majority of users are always going to be free users. But is it earning it's salt this way yet? Or is it still in the wait & see category with Google Apps Premium? BTW I downloaded dropbox today & I can see myself paying for the service, but also see myself using the free version. Can you elaborate? I see Start your 14 day free trial . Is there a usable free version? I didn't know about the original software. But I was talking about the point when the alternative devices were just as good but with no advantage other then price & a software disadvantage. I'm not so sure. I think it is substantial. Duplicating the devices' core functionalities could be a substantial area of development. It was never 100% clear that Apple would bar that. It still isn't. There is a bit of truth in it. Not necessarily the comparison to a diet, but still. Becoming indignant & saying 'I'm out' is not useful. There's a potential snag here. It is a man made snag that's unfair , unreasonable or whatever. But that doesn't mean the opportunity isn't there. It's not really more of a reason not to develop then any other reason that isn't unfair: too hard, too much competition, etc. The only difference is emotional. When I posted this, I was looking for working examples of the freemium business model on the Google Apps/Flickr end of the spectrum - mostly about the free users. (They're not examples because I don't think they're pulling sufficient revenues yet. Correct me if I'm wrong) From what I've gathered, there are more examples at the other end of the spectrum closer to the 'free sample' - free users get a good, usable trial, but premium users are what it's about. I'd call that more of a sales method then a business model. Anyway, from that I'd say that a hybrid trial/freemium² is a reasonable idea. I would put more chips on the product if it's for businesses. I think that they are interesting & telling in & of themselves. Apple is pissing off developers. And it isn't being met with 'get out of it.' Unpredictable? Yes. So is consumer demand. It's not just difficult, it's demoralizing. That's my point. On the rational front, it's not different to 1000 other variables. On the emotional one, it's a lot worse. This bring up an interesting question. Why commit to a specific product? Why not just by up a few boxes of different funnies & see which sells? Condom keychains are funny but hardly revolutionary. It's not going to be a product that sells it self, hires its own consultants & negotiates with Wal Mart while you sip Tequilas. What he did was establish a wholesaling business with only one product, where he had to pay cash & sell on credit. Not knocking the effort, but designing/sourcing/manufacturing apples is not the same as selling apples. No reason to do both. Aren't you better off selling apples & pears & not bothering with growing at all? This is off topic, but I'll bite. Chrome isn't an IE killer, its a Firefox killer. Why? because Chrome (like IE) is a chosen browser. IE is a default. Most Firefox users have chosen to use it. Downloaded it. Installed it. Tried it & use it. Most IE users have not.* Once someone is making a choice, you can reach her. Say 'but wait there's more.' IE users aren't even going to know about Chrome. They won't ever be consciously deciding between browsers. If they are, resistance to change is a big factor. If Chrome becomes demonstrably better choice, it will be chosen. But only by those making a choice. Everyone else isn't listening. So basically FF users make a choice & Chrome gets to make its pitch. IE users don't. Product similarity has nothing to do with it. Its market similarity that runs this show. *Obviously some IE users made a choice. They're in the FF category. Yes he did. That part of the post makes sense. He's encouraging FF to have an in-built mechanism for giving users incentive to recommend something, anything. What he proposes is bad. He's 100% correct. There is a market opportunity here. The threat of wasting resources is minor in comparison. Going by pure business realities, iphone developers that stop developing just because of this are going to be extreme end-cases. Search advertising works. It brings in more then is needed to fund great search long term with plenty of R&D, innovation, free services & free food. But advertising online is far from solved. It's still not clear what sort of sites/apps can be funded by advertising & what types can't. Experimentation here is vital. We need advertising models that fund the rest of the web. Or at least the part that is ultimately going to be funded that way. Search ads do a good job of matching ads to what you are doing (Looking for stuff about X, here's an ad for X). Maybe something can be built on matching ads to who you are. That's what I was thinking as I wrote it. He riffs & makes big statements. Unless you're superman that means your going to be wrong a lot (I think he is wrong here too). But the other consequence is that sometimes right in a very powerful way. For example his baseline stuff, going back years about the advertising, marketing, & consumer-attention complex is right in a powerful way. It means big things: 'It will probably never be possible to create another Coca-Cola or Colgate in the same way again.' I wish I had better handwriting, and I don't think I've ever met anyone who wish they wrote less clearly. That is not a good enough reason. I don't know anyone who wishes they were was worse at the high jump. That's not a reason to devote more school resources to it. This is a question of priorities. There is not doubt that handwriting is now less important then it was 15 years ago. That should be reflected in the school curriculum. There's room for debate on the issue of how much. To give a famous example: Before the walkman, some market research was being done. The idea was that those guys carrying around stereos on their shoulders might want a lighter alternative that clips onto a belt. They said 'no' This is an area that needs to be hit big. & Not just prescribed textbooks, educational materials as a whole. The potential is enormous. There is potential for $0 degrees. Maybe even free degrees. It's possible to acquire all the knowledge contained within a University degree on the 'outside'. That's not new but it's getting easier. But a framework for delivering the piece of paper, that would be something. I actually don't understand how publishing houses still have control over this industry. With recreational/consumer books, authors need the publishers marketing machines. With textbooks, - Many can just prescribe to their own students. 'Introduction to Economics' could sell 1k units a year in just one University. - Authors are presumably already known/respected/wrote the previous version. - Many academics prescribing the damn things freely admit that one doesn't differ too much from the other. Dropbox is easy. It can be used by people that will never use the words 'my' & 'server' in a sentence. If you need to download it & install it on your own personal webserver, the tool is no longer dropbox-like. I'm not saying that what you are asking for is unreasonable, it just has very little to do with this. "One common criticism is that the approach amounts to throwing a handful of ideas at the wall to see what sticks. More important, no top-tier startups on the order of a YouTube Inc. or Facebook have emerged from accelerators." Is that really a criticism? Isn't that pretty much the definition of VC. I don't understand how the stock market doesn't collapse completely. But, it seems to me that if owning stock makes no sense if there are no dividends Then owning stock makes no sense anyway. Top technology stocks that pay (eg IBM,MSFT) usually pay I freely admit, I don't understand financial markets. But it always seems like the emperor has no clothes. Theoretically all those guys holding MSFT should not be willing to pay more then about $9 per share (price is about $25) unless they expect growth & no risk. FOr this article to have any validity there would have to be a market opportunity presented by the demise of big business or a part of it. If SAP or Sun disappeared off the face of the earth without warning, then you'd have a bunch of opportunities. I don't see any such thing. It's very important not to think about all this to much. Stocks go up. It's all very complicated. You should leave it to the pros who take care of your retirement fund. It's threads like this that cause economic meltdowns. the point of owning a share is to make money from your ownership. You need to look at this from a 'whole' perspective. You can make money from buying high selling low, but the market cannot. Well then there's the strange thing. As you say, almost no company is issuing dividends that in themselves justify share prices so it's all just betting on growth. Does that mean that rational people are betting on the growth of virtually all (existing) companies? That's brings up an interesting question. I have no doubt that the concept of universities as gatekeepers needs to go & that the time is ripe. Actually, they can stay on as gatekeepers but in the same way that American fraternities & such do, without pretending it's about education standards. The question is if this should be achieved via some sort of widely available, low cost way of providing a widely recognised degree-like thing or by removing the need for a degree-like thing in altogether & replacing them with specific certification (like CPA) whenever it is necessary (a small fraction of those jobs employing mostly university graduates). But either way we need accessible education. The question that then arises is: Is OLPC likely to reach the widely available $100 laptop goal substantially sooner then the commercial market? At the least, they need history unfolding to take them 90% of the way. But that 10% may be substantial. The same could be said of incorporation or bankruptcy laws. Government owned companies does not mean a socialist country. It's something socialist countries do. Eating grass doesn't make you a sheep. In the long run we're all dead. That's the point of the article. He isn't bundling it in with the word. He's bundling it in with the concept. What he is saying is that 'competence' as defined by those defining it, is tied to process oriented reliability. That that is where competence comes from. You can disagree with that if you want, but it's not overloading the word with extra meaning it's claiming a relationship. distinct? So is this a reasonable system for insuring against the collapse of insurers (and the world's financial infrastructure)? Government rescues? How about limiting the size of companies that are not allowed to die for damage control? Or limiting their ability to become companies not allowed to die? I was just checking out the site, but I downloaded it. So... it works too. That is a possibility. Why is this for the rich ? I've seen that remark thrown around several times & I don't understand it. From what I understand, this sort of a move is basically done by inflating the dollar causing anyone who has savings to lose out (the people without savings only lose if their wages don't catch up). !!! A competitive free market is more likely to develop better medicine. Well, yes & no. A free market does develop good medicine in much the same way as it develops good everything else. But what you are usually measuring something essentially different when evaluating medicine. You could say that a free market system should produce more medicine. But (as free markets do) this is distributed unevenly among the population. that's OK when you are talking about shoes. Your free market will produce more shoes then a nationalised shoe industry. But a lot of those will end up in the closets with 20+ pairs or in the form of $500 shoes. Same with medicine. The US is a good place to go if you want $10m surgery. But if you are measuring public health: life expectancy, infant mortality, death from preventable diseases, & such a $1 at the bottom goes a lot further then $1 at the top. The gains made from flattening the system, generally outweigh the lost effeciency. Rational actors are more of an assumption then a requirement. Used in conjunction with carefully defining terms, this a powerful way that economists hermetically seal their theories. rational = utility maximising utility defined by consumer choice Basically, they pay anything because it's worth anything. Are the people who own mega-corps richer then those that own regular corps? Generally speaking, stock is not owned exclusively by the super rich. The lower end of the spectrum (those that also have no savings) do not own stock. Anyway, haven't they lost most of their money already? On top of that this isn't for the shareholders. It's to keep a financial system from collapsing. You can argue that it wouldn't have collapsed. That this makes it more likely to collapse etc. Sure. Economists don't assume that preferences are transitive between people. But within one person, I think they do. a few unfortunate individuals What percentage of Americans do not have access to adequate health care? You guys keep thinking about this as if the economy existed in a world where buzzwords & their associated connotations are absolute. You are not choosing between US 2008 & 1963 Soviet Russia. The most radical model likely to ever be proposed in the US is something like the UK's. The system tries to provide internal pressure to reform (just like big companies do). There will probably be a decline in mean medical care from an economic utility standpoint (to the extent that term has any meaning - I think very little) There will be a dramatic improvement in health to the bottom 25% -30% resulting in huge gains to life expectancy & similar indicators. As a bonus that the fear Americans have of being left without health cover will lift. Capitalist evangelists of various sorts are always quick to point out there are no good example of command economies performing well. That's fair. But there are plenty of examples of 'socialist' health care systems that work. They perform well on any meaningful scales at a cost lower then the US's. From Cuba (an outlier but a very interesting one) to the UK to Japan. Pick one. Because this is the opposite. It's more like 'it drink water like a duck' Plenty of good uses for a service like this. http://www.raptureletters.com/ If you sell. Microsoft's marketing team is doing well lately. "It's because when you buy our products, and three months later you get stuck on something, you quickly figure out [how to get past it]. And you think, "Wow, someone over there at Apple actually thought of this!" And then three months later you try to do something you hadn't tried before, and it works, and you think "Hey, they thought of that, too." And then six months later it happens again. There's almost no product in the world that you have that experience with, but you have it with a Mac. And you have it with an iPod." He (Jobs) has a real feel for where to put his finger. I'd flip it. With products, you (I) run into little walls where I think "how could I possibly be the only one to bang his knee on this?" How many companies are in existence that are too big, too important or too interconnected to go under? Can't really be that many. The courses are nearly identical to what’s offered to enrolled Stanford students, according to the University. However, those taking courses through SEE are not eligible to receive Stanford credit for them. Are traditional universities the way education can be made freely available? I agree on the 'best equipped' note. They have the knowledge, resources, materials & experience necessary but. They'd potentially be their own undoing. The problem is conflict of interests. It depends. I don't think anyone sees OCW as a substitute for going to school at MIT. That's the whole point. If it were successful, it would be (a substitute). What you are saying is that it isn't a problem, because it's' not too successful. I'd also argue that universities serve other roles beyond education. Education is what pins it all together. Imagine a future where degrees are not University centred, courses are available online & testing/evaluation is gets solved separately from the institutions. For one thing, filtering is not necessary. There's infinite room in every degree so if any filtering is done, it needs to be done as part of the testing/evaluation. Universities are a shell in this world. Parents are not likely to cough up the $$ they do currently, for students to make friends. note on the iphone contracts Not sure how things are (& were) in the states, but down here I think Apple did something interesting. The iphone plans must come with 'data plans.' These have been available but something that consumers just didn't want (to pay for) previously. They always took the 'pay as you go' options, & just avoided using it. So the majority of people that bought phones in the past couple of years had internet enable devices that they never used. Apple broke that. I think it comes back to Apple's measures of success. They don't just measure sales, they measure use . Do you check mail? Do you listen to music? Do you use the browser? The contracts (while highly priced) are there to optimise for those latter metrics. It's a much more forward minded strategy then most of what we've seen up to now. Given the whole segment a kick up the arse. Sure? I disagree with that definition of success. Fair enough, but I hope it's not just a matter of semantics. My definition of the success for making educational materials available is making education available. The absolute goal would be 'the best education.' I admit, this is probably not the goal of this particular project. Universities have an inherent interest in maintaining a big enough gap between free & premium education. It seems to me that you're objections are base on an assumption that education cannot be acquired outside of institutions with an equivalent quality or ease. No chance. Universities don't have to worry about that, so no conflict. hence: dead man switch Good article. I think it's a great to point out these points of agreements, show who's interest they serve, how & why you should avoid them. I wouldn't be surprised if author agrees with me but... never agree to any of the following Kiss of Death Provisions is a bit strong. Sure it's important to understand that these are potential problems, disadvantages or lost opportunities but I imagine there are many agreements including these clauses that are better then no deal. Take the famous Microsoft/IBM deal. Sure, young Gates made history by keeping control of everything that mattered & cutting IBM out of the game. But what if IBM had been as smart as hindsight? Depending on available OS alternatives, IBM probably had enough leverage to get pretty much all of those provisions. It still would have been a big deal (for Microsoft) to get that deal done. It still would have probably been the deal that shaped the company. It may have in itself pushed them comfortably into the 11 digit sales, put them in a good position to develop applications & be a successful (but normal) software company. so basically still a deal worth taking. Again with hindsight, it would have been an opportunity missed. A big one worth (if you can handle huge gambles) endangering the deal altogether. Would you find it disgusting if they started buying up failed companies for the patents & suing left, right & centre? Michelle Malkin might be another story, but she doesn't influence anyone whose vote is up for grabs. I thought in the US system, swinging votes don't really matter. Those fence sitters aren't confident or interested enough to vote anyway. I thought the only thing that mattered was preaching to the choir & getting them to vote at all. Hence scare tactics. Exactly. If neither of these behaviours are 'disgusting,' what is? IE if you don't find these disgusting, then you probably think that no business behaviour qualifies for this title. In that case, that comment is out of place. Why say 'why is this disgusting?' What you mean is 'There's no such thing as disgusting in business. Is there really a moral hazard here? Does the bailout really remove disincentive for failure? Sure it lessens it, a bit. But this article is describing a gross moral hazard. I don't think this is comparable. AIG shares have lost virtually all of their value. The bailout rescues some of it, but it's probably less the 5%-10% (please correct me if I'm missing something). Imagine AIG's morally hazardous executives a year or more ago (share price = $65 - $75). They know that while their desicions could cause a collapse, there's a $3.50 floor. Does that have much of an effect on their desicions? What this article shows is how "moral hazards" & close relatives exist within organisations to a much larger extent then they do between them. There's a need to have a logical argument. One that can't be drowned with 'but he smokes.' There should be no difference between 'he knows' & ' he's had it pounded into his head daily.' But there is. Money is in some respects like fire; it is a very excellent servant but a terrible master. When you have it mastering you; when interest is constantly piling up against you, it will keep you down in the worst kind of slavery. But let money work for you, and you have the most devoted servant in the world. It is no "eye-servant." There is nothing animate or inanimate that will work so faithfully as money when placed at interest, well secured. It works night and day, and in wet or dry weather. I think there is a distinction between disgusting & amoral. One is an aesthetic judgement, the other is ethical. I'm on the RDF mailing list. I think they sent me a notice of this. As a guerrilla tactic, it seems like this is almost to Richard Dawkins' advantage. That suggests that the difference between management teams at this stage is worth $1m - $14m. Incentive for dummy managers? There are definitely all sorts of problematic incentive structures all over the place. And they're definitely a problem. I think that just goes to show they're inevitable to a degree, that they're survivable & that free markets are not a silver bullet. These bailouts are certainly a push in the wrong direction, but unless I'm missing something, they're a very minor push. As you say, options as incentive are worse. Compared to the other effects, that doesn't even show up on any kind of radar. For one thing, these companies are now essentially nationalised. Just the implications in terms of international politics & rhetoric are pretty big. What did nationalisation do to the incentives of shareholders of other too-big-to-fail companies? What did it do the the execs. From the 1 year ago perspective this is still failure. 'This stock might lose 100% of it's worth' & 'this stock might lose 93%' look very similar when you are sitting on 100%. If any kind of serious distortion happens it probably happens near the bottom when things are pretty chaotic anyway. Executive compensation might be causing distortions, but the US' new found nationalisation policy has nothing to do with that. Because it has failed (thus far) to make a substantial impact on the way people use web apps. How many people have it installed? How many sites have it enabled? What apps/sites exist & are popular that wouldn't be useful/popular without gears? What apps/sites exist that are replacing installed apps thanks to gears? For an example to count it needs to include more people outside the top 5% of internet users. Personally I wouldn't call it a dud yet. It's mostly for readers, online office apps & calendar. These are used mostly by the top 5% anyway, so it'd be hard to take a stab outside that segment with Gears. Mail is the online app that has penetrated, but those that need off-line mail generally have a client installed already. It'll take time to move them since 'you don't need to install a client' isn't an incentive if you already have one. But this is a pretty big change they're trying to pull off. A lot of people are going to have trouble even finding gmail without a Google search. Like I said, I wouldn't call it a dud. I wouldn't call it a success either. Like the post says, Chrome might bring it all together. Because it hasn't reached it. They are not running those out of the bank balance. They're running them out of the profits of the profitable businesses, which are still very profitable. As far as I understand, a stock buyback is very similar to a dividend. Another way of giving cash to investors. These guys must be making a mint. They caught me on my way out, scheduled a time to come back, then when I cancelled at the last minute, came again. All they got where 3 bulbs, but they still seemed pretty pleased. More persistent then door to door mobile phone guys. I guess this is like a super simple case study in carbon trading, pitfalls & all. How many credits should these guys be getting? In my case, I probably would have replaced those bulbs anyway. In other cases, the incentive can be weirder. For one thing, There's a double jeopardy going on here. 1. Individual feel-goodness of the guy who traded in his bulbs 2. Individual feel-goodness via the carbon market. Both are getting credit here. I feel like I'm lowering my emissions. But since those credits have been sold, someone else is emitting them in my place. They do the equivalent of taking my 100W bulb & plugging it into their wall with the fuzzy feeling that even thought they are emitting carbon, it is being offset. We are both claiming credit. That's before the perverse incentives kick in. Why should I pay $8 X 10 to bulb my house with low watt bulbs when I can pay $0.50 X 10 to do so with cheap bulbs & call in these guys? Sure, it may eventually. If they need to buy them to do whatever it is they want to do & I sell because I want the money. But at the moment this is just a way of cashing in public sentiment towards climate change: at a bad rate. Water is way easier. Could turn water into a working market in 6 months, given the political support. Water is something that is much easier to control. In fact, it's already controlled. All you need to do is limit supply (via mostly government "owned" resources) to whatever you deem to be a reasonable level, & charge for consumption. The smaller players (people with dams on their land) will follow. You could even have the government manipulate prices by literally 'flooding' the market when necessary. Why at a bad rate? I feel like I am saving X watt hours & the purchaser does too. So they (the company) are trading in 2X watt hours "emotional credits" (the utility of this market) for 1x watt hour savings. Of course, that's an exaggeration. I lost my drive & ability to save those emissions by replacing my bulbs, but it's not 100% certain that I would have done so anyway. Companies are compelled to do this in Australia (amongst others) due to our Kyoto targets, etc. Are they? I don't think they are directly. The Government is probably subsidising this & other efforts but there is no compulsion to purchase carbon credits. They Get bought by bus companies, airlines, etc. They are basically also riding on public sentiment. If we don't get the warm fuzzy feelings, the only one better off is the dealer. Yet the technology for aggregation and distribution is a commodity -- content is not a commodity. That is a ridiculous statement. A commodity (in this context) is something that can be purchased from any vendor with very little preference from buyers. Price becomes the only differentiators. The core has always been printing, not content creation. Actually, what is killing newspapers is that most of what they do/did was either a monopolised commodity tied up with printing or simply no longer necessary. What previously made a newspaper a newspaper? Classifieds/Notifications They were the only ones that had the ability to make new information available. They competed with each other locally for a piece of this goldmine. Monopoly gone and now unnecessary. News Aggregation - Come on. How much of what papers print is printing & delivering what other papers/wires/independent journalists wrote. Well, we don't need them for that anymore. "Analysis" - As far as commenting & analysing all that aggregated info, well they can still do that. But you need to compete with professors, grandmas, retired politicians & anyone else with access to Wordpress, an endless sea of them. You need to be very good & papers certainly don't have a monopoly on quality. distribution & printing - No longer necessary. What do they do that isn't like that (no longer necessary part of a monopoly)? Their representatives like to point to investigative journalism (first hand research & fact finding) & community binding (everyone reads the same paper). The latter we can do without, the former is a commodity, of sorts. Actually, not always, but doesn't justify the whole shebang - sorry. Bottom line is that 1. online ads aren't worth as much, 2. classifieds no longer belong to them, 3. we don't need them to print paper & deliver it to us & 4. they have competition for content creation. Tough bananas. If users only want headlines & don't care where they are, Newspapers are the commodity. I think you are wrong. A. Do you think that they'll be better off if google can't access their sites? As well off as Britannica? B. You can exclude your site from Google's index. When they suddenly wake up & sue, how will they explain never exercising that? Would all of this "off-topic" go away if there was a reddit like check box for topics in the settings, HN & NHN that users could turn on/off. That way, a user can just turn off all NHN. Sealing these two off with two different sites seems a bit much. Are strictly HN people so offended by NHN that they want it of there GD site altogether. Here's my take. In your case, I would say the train with it's seats & 1 hr time period is more similar to an office scenario. Just like laptops extended the office to planes, long train rides & coffee shops Eee-like laptops extend the office further. The iphone is computing away from the office: The lift, the taxi, the meeting, the queue. So to restate common wisdom: Whether or not you'll be able to work a spreadsheet or create a powerpoint on one is not as important as what new things you can/will do on one. This guy implies using the Eee for calls, texts, music etc. I don't buy it. That there is the point. A phone is something you have anyway. Everyone has one. You get it on a monthly plan. You use it to communicate. Even if an Eee does all your computing, you'd still have a phone in your pocket. If your phone does all your computing, the Eee stays home. If your Eee does all your computing, the phone still comes. Unless, your Eee starts making calls, it's a extra. People were carrying around big uncomfortable phones @ ridiculous call prices. Once they got one, it went everywhere. Laptops, even 1kg ones, are a sometimes food I don't think that they're knowingly sacrificing the long term. I assume that they either don't consider apps as representing the selling point individually (hence a need to get maximum developers on board & developing) or don't think that this is harming them significantly. An excellent example. It's interesting that for years 'industry magazines' have produced glossy dungheaps to sell ads on. They can do this because advertisers want to believe that there is a publication that reaches 70% of all HR people in the tech industry or 45% of all OH&S people in the mining industry. In some cases there is such a paper. In many there just isn't. In the latter, the ads are carried by these idiot mags. Now there's a way. Create your own. If you can. Only worth $30 hr if you would have been working $30hr instead of cleaning. Is it? A full time servant is common in poorer parts of the world. I assume that accessibility has to do with wage differences. If you make 5X ph what a maid charges, you can afford it easily & it makes good sense. If you make 1.5X, not so easily. Wage inequality will make this accessible. That is true. You also claimed to be saving 10 hours per week while paying for only four. I think that'd be an expected gain. but all that's very theoretical.. In reality, you're not taking out time from web designing to cook, are you? This kind of resource allocation exists in B2B, no brainer. You get hired for web design. You hire a bookkeeper. But in our personal lives, it doesn't happen as often. You get to spend more time watching TV or painting in exchange for money. You will rarely find someone willing to pay their hourly wage to save an hour of non-work chores. People are willing to pay for time but only at a much discounted rate. Take yourself as an example. Assuming you earn $45ph web designing. You are 'saving' $450 (10 hrs) by not cooking. You are paying $60 for this - bargain. Would you pay $449 for this service? How about $225. Generally speaking businesses would probably say yes while individuals would say no. ..but what’s troubling is that a mere 1 percent of its users (who can be labeled addicts) are generating 32 percent of the visits I wonder why that is worrying? Advertisers generally want to concentrate their efforts & reach the same person multiple times rather then more people fewer times. In world where the only potential money you could make from a startup is the company's actual income, a lot of things would be different. They would have 2 routes. Your route: be a $200k p/m. The other is trying to find some other way of profiting from being popular. One that pays better then adsense. Google does. People look at Google & say: Online advertising is a goldmine, anyone with eyeballs to sell is gonna make a mint. But Google is doing something different. Eyeballs are worth money. Sure. But the going price for raw eyeballs (eg adsense) is pretty low. Google don't sell eyeballs (on search). Not in that way. They sell a processed eyeballs (eyeball soup?). You could look at it like manufacturing. There's raw input (oar, coal, etc) that's sitting under someone's field. That go through a value chain from mining to processing to assembling to retail. The market decides where 'value' is created & compensates accourdingly. Sometimes, it's counter intuitive. For example, many manufactured goods that only have a small part (maybe 10%) of their value created in a factory. Retail usually gets a bigger chunk then you'd expect (often %50+). Here's an ipod. oil_well----plastics------components----assembly---retail-----ipod You can look at the eyeball/marketing complex like that: eyeballs-----eyeball soup-------ads--------yahoo stores--salesman--sale A lot of value can be created between eyeballs & eyeball soup. Based on the success of many businesses that have adwords at the base of their processes, there's plenty more downstream. Google hasn't built another business yet to rival its initial search franchise. How dumb is that? No one has built another business on the web to equal Google's initial search franchise. That is very true. I think Google has a go at a lot of tricky markets. So when it doesn't crack them (eg knol) its all fingers pointed. But I would guess they expect some to fail. They are experimental. Anyway, Search/Adwords/Adsense are still growing. They're in sight of monetising Maps & Video. I think there's a lot of potential there. I don't think apps will ever be a golden goose, but maybe they'll pay for themselves & create a decent precedent for a "freemium" business model. I am assuming that there where no QA measures. Interesting to see the level of quality they got without it. Read 'Round Ireland with a Fridge'. http://www.amazon.com/gp/reader/0312274920/ref=sib_dp_pt#rea... You know, it's surprising that banks have never entered this arena seriously. Sure, but they are theoretically in more of a position to do so then anyone else (paypal, tipjoy, etc). They have the size to deal with it & they have the ability/experience to lobby Governments. They also already have their fairly usable online banking systems which would make a good base. I agree. The RIAA's interest is to keep the old business model alive. Their experience is that if their copyright cannot be contained within a physical object, the lose control of it. I liked it too. Particularly the fact that it shows 4 results to start & lets you extend. Works for me too. But I would use a softer highlight. I'm not sure that 'marginalising' is the right term but but I agree with the concept. Often, in attempt to be neutral there's a tendency to assign equal weight or validity to all points of view. This is often the case when you have an approximately 50/50 split (eg creationism/evolution in The States). But if you think that an objective truth exists (a right answer) to a fundamental moral/practical/scientific issue, it feels a lot like pandering. A way to try & look at it from a position where you see something as this as an undeniable truth is to imagine a debate in a different time or place. Equal voting rights for women/minorities was once controversial in the US & Europe, How HIV infection occurs is controversial in some places currently. Would you be able to give equal time to all positions in these cases? >> He's positing that 50-80% of venture-backed start-ups will die before making it to their next funding round or reaching profitability. I guess this is a semantic issue. But essentially, yes, he's defining sratups as those things dependant on investment of some kind. >> Our company costs $3,000/mo to run, including living expenses for two people, and we technically have a staff as well -- we just pay them with kickbacks instead of ridiculous salaries. Is that an equilibrium? Without investment, exit or revenue increase in the mid-term future, are you still going to survive? Founders & employees living low in exchange for potential future earning are also investors. An they are also influenced by the same sort of things other investors are influenced by. I'm not saying I agree with this piece, but would you admit that it might get difficult to hire someone with noodles & options if there hadn't been any exits in your vicinity for a while, little startups where going bust left & right, and a few big scares hit home (eg Facebook shuts down). I agree with your basic premise. A business that makes more money then it spends is safer. If it's in the business of selling bread & butter, even better. But startups as a sector are less like that. The idea I was trying to put forward is that employees taking a high stock/salary ratio & founders are investors. This is obvious on the theoretical level. But the point that I am making is that they are also subject to market 'whims.' In fact they constitute their own sort of a sub-market with it's own whims (as is the VC market, IPO market, etc). A year or two of bad news & bad predictions could sour it. Employees & founders might start to favour corporate jobs. Not saying it has to be drastic. VCs pulling purse strings a little tighter. Founders ready to bail a little earlier. Employees a little less willing to take stock. Angels preferring to take a year or two off. Most 'startups' would be affected by at least some of these. What we need is a good, practical economic reason for any of this. I wonder how far space tourism can take us? It's a good place to start because it'll put a lot of pressure on making it easy. Training periods, prices, competence levels will have some downward pressure. If a decent little space tourism industry evolves, it'll be a great base to build on. What about mineral mining, fur hunting, cotton growing & all the rest? So you were being sarcastic? The incentive was gold, silver, farming & the other normal colonisation incentives. "opportunity to die prematurely and painfully" Was presumably not the reason they gave to their wife when convincing them to go. UAE/Saudi might be more wierd points (wierd circumstances after all). I don't think Israel, Italy & Canada would be as strikingly off map as the US. It may be a dumb map. But I think you might be able to draw correlation even if you take all countries into account. That's an insane reality of US legislation. Was it always like this? How can you trust a body that operates like that. Imagine running a company like that. I'm not necessarily representing my view. But a view: Economics is far from a fundamental science. Very far. It is really more of a description of what happens via all sorts of analogies that usually hold true & help to explain the things that we see happening. Some parts of economics are stronger then others because they are based on manipulating tautologies of various sorts. But others are really more along the lines of: 'If we put a dog here, the sheep will go there'. As with most non fundamental sciences, economics can break down in extreme circumstances. Neuton's Mechanics is not as fundamental as relativity. It breaks down in extreme cases. That only seems strange because physics is very fundamental. But with Zoology, Sociaology, Phsychology or other "downstream" sciences, this is expected. No one's surprised when techniques break down during psychoanalysis of a woman raised by wolves. Psychology is explained by Biology, explained by chemistry, explained by physics. And each of those words is just really a number of links in this chain in themselves. Economics is two or three links up that chain. So here's how we go back to the topic: If a supermarket chain that supplied 85% of food in a region goes out of business, leaving it empty of competitors, what happens? The rules still apply. Consumers seek alternative. Small shops, mail order shopping, markets become very lucrative. Consumers spend more on food or get 'less' for a period. Eventually, a new equilibrium is found. But what happens if the equivalent food producers go out of business? Wheat doesn't get sown. Coke doesn't get bottled. Sure it's a great opportunity for boutique vegie growers. But the same rules no longer apply. 20% of the food supply means there isn't enough for everyone to eat right. Maybe people sell off Apartments to buy houses with backyards (to grow food). Maybe they take time off work to plant. Maybe things are too volatile for boutique farmers to get investment to grow. I'm not saying this is a close analogy. I'm certainly not saying the 'bailout' should've happened. If I were American, I'd be as suspicious as SwellJoe of a bill that's called "tax breaks for Peace Corps & stuff" which gives unreal sums to big companies while the salesman-like proponents chants 'This is too complicated for you to understand', 'You need to decide now' & 'Apocalypse is coming so pick mine.' But I am saying that relying on high level economic principles here is not like relying on gravity. Not at all. At best it's like relying on wolves attacking a calf over a bull. It makes sense. It usually happens. But who know what happens to traumatised wolves from a a circus during a thunderstorm. I did. No offence, but it's a poor explanation. Actually I think it's flat wrong. There's a crucial link in the chain she is missing. Too many people confuse faith with the idea of absolute belief. It's one thing to be faithful to a set of teachings and it's another to believe a particular set of statements to be literally true. I understand the wish to be diplomatic & uninflammatory. After all, a lot of wars have started over these kinds of things but.. I think that statement doesn't make much sense. I think that making that statement is confusing religion with scripture. If you take Christians as an example, many do not believe various elements (eg Adam & Eve) to be literally true. OK. I understand. But all that means they are essentially reading a different text. One is reading a history & rule book. The other is reading a book which contains high level principles in the form of stories, some of which may be based on real events. There are lots of variations. What they have in common is that both are receiving information from a divine, supernatural (unless you do semantic cartwheels) source. Both believe this information to be definitively true. To me (an atheist) the distinctions seem less significant then the commonalities. The religious have a source of information that I do not have. The words faith, belief, god, religion etc. are very hard to generalise. But the idea behind them is often simply information How far out of the American norm would Palin's beliefs be? I understand there is a constant debate about teaching evolution in the States. Presumably this is backed up with a substantial minority. Certainly it is not Bizarre enough to exclude her from gaining traction in a mainstream party (Governor, VP). If a Salafist became a VP in Iraq (a formerly relatively secular country), we would take that of evidence of a move towards more conservative religion. Maybe that's a bad example because at the moment, a Salafist politician in the middle east probably has more immediate political consequences. But all the same, I couldn't imagine a Scientologist VP of the US. I am genuinely asking here. Is the fact that Palin is an acceptable politician a hint that the beliefs are 'mainstream' or does it just mean that religion is really a non0issue in US politics. >"That's just a fact, and I'm not in a mood to give you documenting links" I would be interested in a link elaborating on your view. The facts I'll take your word on;) It sounds sensible to me & I am having trouble making sense of all this. It seems plasuible because -a- The US as a whole consistently borrow to spend. You need to run into a wall sometime. I'm not sure what the wall should look like. -b- I am aware of the credit stuff you're referring to. It's unwillingness to lend, not inability to that is crunching. Loans were defaulted on. I think that the better statement is 'volatility creates opportunities.' For example, depressed real estate markets can create high demand for rentals. You might be able to make money each month on a mortgaged property (a real novelty in Australia for example). And if rental demand is high, prices will probably eventually recover. The issue is that a recession by definition means most people are worse off. So, ""What kind of bailout do we want?" can be rephrased as "Your place or my place?" "The distinction is between people who, in that area of conflict, tend to give precedence to either belief or science." I think you're wrong here. I think few give precedence to science. They find a way to work around the conflict. Giving precedence is along the lines of 'I see a green sheep so I know they exist' taking precedence over 'I read on wikipedia that all sheep are white.'Generally, the latter set of believers interpret 'wikipedia' in a way that does not cause conflict or minimises conflict. Obviously there is a practical distinction between various points on the scale between Obama & Bin laden (with Palin somewhere in between). But the scale is not about how they deal with 'conflict.' It's about how often the conflicts occur & where. That's the practical scale that affects what people do & how they vote. On the more fundamental scale of how they deal with such conflict, the variations tend to be much smaller. Edit: Clarification I suppose I did if the Gist of "Too many people confuse faith with the idea of absolute belief" is "Too many people assume that faith = literal belief in Genesis, Leviticus or Luke" Certainly absolute beliefs matter in a practical sense. If I were in The States, Obama's beliefs wouldn't worry me. Palin's might. In the very theoretical sense, they both worry me a little. But even Palin's beliefs are probably less likely to affect anything to the degree that her social conservatism (related but not equivalent) is likely to have. Where is Saudi Arabia? Saudi is most definitely an outlier. But that is to be expected. They are an unusual case. They are a physical religious hub (like Rome but more) because of the Haj & other reasons. And they did not reach current GDP levels by conventional means. And where does Israel fall? I think you might be surprised. Both Judaism & Islam are relatively easy to gauge because of the lifestyle demands they make. Most Jews considered 'religious' would probably observe, kosher (what you can eat), Sabath (No driving, electricity on Saturday), attend synagogue weekly, pray daily, etc. The percentage of Jews that adhere to these is probably around the 20% - 30%. A further 20% - 30% probably adhere to some of these. Not sure about Muslim population. Both are probably becoming more religious over time. Anyway, I think at 25k GDP pp, you could place it above the line, but not too far. The correlation within Israel, probably works. sounds broken Do you believe you would have gone to the New World if you would be hungry? Maybe the idea of danger, excitement, etc. appealed. Maybe it was the motivator. But either way, people went because they thought life would be better. Agreed. I don't want to say that companies like Twitter are not creating technologies (Craiglist certainly isn't). They are certainly innovative. But it's not in the same as inventing the internet. Take a simplified example of a printing press. One step is developing the steam powered press (NASA like). Another is inventing the newspaper (more like twitter). Trying to quantify these things is like trying to quantify the importance of joints in mountain climbing. Knuckles, Wrists, elbows or shoulders? This is what I meant: "You deposit $100,000 into a CD. The bank creates three loans based on the original $100,000 deposit. Loan /Asset #1 = $90,000 Loan/Asset #2 = $81,000 Loan/Asset #3 = $72,900. The total = $243,900 in assets for the bank. This is $243,900 in new money."... ..."After it pays you 5% interest, the bank has made a tidy profit of $238,900. ($243,900 - $5,000 = $238,900.)" The crucial link that wasn't mentioned is that when as loan is issued that money is returned to a bank as a deposit (usually). Only then can then re-issue it as a loan. The alternative is Stalin? The only options are a system with where minor laws are passed dishonestly or Stalin. a country is not a company OK. But I was not taking the analogy very far. I'm saying that if bills are passed by tacking on little unrelated clauses that benefit the particular interests of certain politicians while flying under the radar in order to bypass democracy, you lose some respect & trust in an institution. It also makes me leery of anyone that thrives in the environment. These institutions are decision making bodies making decision on behalf of others. BTW - Apparently (see the comment on substitute bill), this is just a technical trick to bypass paperwork & speed this along. "Middle ground" is just not a great way of looking at things. It's nice to be able to put things on a scale of Jesus was a nice guy--->The bible contains divine guidance--->The Bible is infallible That's fine for practical reasons (eg politics). But those are essentially different beliefs. They're not on a scale in the same way that Christianity, Buddhism or Zoroastrianism are not on a scale. Consider two points (which many will dispute): 1- Many Intellectuals & academics in the states are atheist. Maybe even most. 2- Atheists are unlikely to become politically powerful in the US. These two would lead you to assume that you will come across cases of politically motivated faith. For the most part this is really general advice. Hard times might provide the motivation to follow it. It has a few instances of 'recession advice' but nothing dramatic. I'd like to see articles actually specific to recession (ie: probably wouldn't work as well otherwise) advice. Business stuff like recession specific marketing, hiring, financing, etc. . & personal finance stuff like how to take advantage of real estate markets, money markets, etc. Some things change in a recession (eg higher rent/buy ratios). It'd be nice to see them addressed. That line of argument is part of examining religion as a social phenomenon using ideas of non-genetic evolution. The idea is that you can find evolutionary processes at play that are not a consequence of genes. It's a theory explaining parts of sociology with evolutionary biology/zoology. This is a actually an area where he is a leading expert. As an example, Richard Dawkins coined the term 'meme' which is a term describing a gene equivalent for social traits. 'Memetics' often ends looking at religion for various reasons (availablitlity of data for one). His focus (obsession) with religion is not incidental. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meme#Memetic_accounts_of_religi... Evil but cooler? BTW, Apple's complaints about Microsoft have always been 'tasteless' not 'evil.' Here's what i don't understand. If the global pool of money is getting tighter, why aren't interest rates going up? Surprised by the tax charts. They are are actually sticking to their left/right positioning. You wouldn't need to nationalise them. You'd just need the equivalent of antitrust legislation. That's the idea (I think). Adding friction to discourage zero sum games (day trading), which create volatility. The higher the stock price & longer you investment period, the lower the tax. If you are making $10 a trade on stock (a minimal amount for muulti-year investments in largish companies) it's insignificant. I thought the common wisdom was that Women will need to come from elsewhere. True. Useful advice would have told us how to test. (limited time specials, starting multiple price categories, selling under different brand names, etc.) Incredible! The argument made is that these companies a recession proof because they don't make any money? In a bizarre way it makes sense. Can't affect your income if you don't have any income. It'll be hard for newer startups to get funding (perhaps) so the barrier to entry for competitors grows. Works as long as they don't hit a wall before things recover. Does 'increasing the supply of money' fix this? moderately good track record: http://finance.google.com/finance?chdnp=1&chdd=1&chd... *This is already after the point where he's been consistently very good & already has had several generations of cult following. France & Spain do OK from tourists huh? Australia, Africa & the US get sucked off the map. I think I would put Amazon on the map too. And those are the things that (to me) make Amazon Amazon. The things they have going for them are really: Brand/reliability (1.0), reviews/comments(2.0 - explicit user contributions) & the recommendation engine (2.0 - implicit user contributions). As just an online superstore where you can find anything, they'd've had a lot less of an edge. The search engine + thousands of web-shops complex create a good enough alternative. If you can afford the buy in. One share or two? catch 22 SO do all these economy guys not believe in not intervening in economies any more? I think the line this article is taking is one that has been told for a while. It's just now possible that it will become visible in the next few years. The US may continue it's first place in % of world GDP for a long time (depending on how we define the EU), but that's not going to mean what it used to. First with 15% when second third & fourth come in at 14, 13 & 12 doesn't have the same sort of affect on the world. In 2006 the surprise free (exact continuation of existing trends) prediction for the economic superpower map was China surpassing the States by 2040 with India not far behind & several countries at around 50% of the US's GDP. The China-US equivalent was then moved to 2025 in 2007 (when the dollar went on the move). Now, a year down the line we hit another bump (so much for no surprises). China's political dependence on economic growth & preference for good news, might mean it's a while before anyone knows how China is affected. They could come out more affected then the US. But that said, it seems possible that the US will indeed be only one of several big players very soon. China doesn't seem too interested in exerting political influence beyond their immediate interests currently. Russia does but is not likely to wield enough power soon. The EU is not a great mechanism for converting economic power to military & political power. So the US will probably have a little more pull then their % of GDP should entitle them to, for a while. But USA 2020 is not the same kind of a power as US 1990. Potentially similar to Russia 1970 vs 2000. The reality about things like 'The War on Terror' is that opinions of it among academics, analysts, intelligent politicians (who by definition do not disclose their true feelings on the subject) and importantly security/military experts are that it is a threat on par with organised crime, HIV, traffic accidents or whatever other troubles they might have. Only a small handful of countries are seriously threatened by 'terrorists' either in terms of affecting the lives of citizens (eg Israel) or politically (eg Lebanon). And that is a far less serious threat then your average border conflict between nations (which is likely result in loss of sovereignty or territory) or internal conflicts. The thing is, that makes sense. Britain copped a bombing. I don't want to belittle that but if not for the political ramifications, that's no worse then what a month of bad weather can do to traffic accidents. Certainly affects people's lives a lot less then things like healthcare, policing or education. It's not a danger of the 'Napoleon is coming' kind nor is signing up to the a war effort controversially effective in stopping it. If that's the opinion of most while the US president is still talking terrorists, the US comes off as irrelevant. Almost like talking about making a choice between Socialism & Barbarism. I agree. But political, psychological implications considered, Britain is not under a serious threat from terrorism. Neither is France, Germany, Canada, Japan or virtually anyone else. The US is more susceptible to terrorism largely because of its rhetoric. They could for example, get drawn into or prolong a war. But that's not the same kind of threat that even dwarfs like N. Korea or Iran present. Terrorism fast hits a brick wall. If attacks become common in The States (eg 5 per year) long term, they will get used to it. Just like gang violence. You could theoretically just ignore it & the US would still be the US. The same could not ba said of the Cold War War II, or any other 'real' war. First, Good luck. There needs to be a winner in this area & I don't know of any candidates. I kind of feel that the secret sauce is something that needs to be discovered not invented. These are my thoughts (no particular order). 1. Most players are paid services. I think there is a good chance that whatever winner emerges will be a free service or at least free for 90% + of active users. The service is essentially better if it is free (network effects but more then that: You can take it lightly if it's free. It's serious business if it's paid) so any paid service would be in constant danger of a free clone emerging. 2. Let non-singles get involved. Encourage meddling. Set other people up. Introduce, create polls on who should be together. I dunno, something in that area. Maybe think along the lines of 14 yr olds instead of 30 somethings using a professional dating service. The former have fun. The latter do not. 3. Let people approach this from an angle. Just like in real life. Meeting in singles bars, via introductions, pickups etc. is only one way. Most people prefer meeting someone at work, meditation workshops or University. Dunno how you'de do that online, but it would be interesting if you could piggyback on ways people interact with each other online already. Facebook/Myspace is an obvious path. But maybe Digg, blogs, wiki editing, amazon reviews or even HN might provide a thread to pull on. 4. Be un-sleazy & you have an immediate edge (design looks right for this). That feeling that half the users are fake, that they inflate women or men's numbers... That's will be on users minds (good reasons too). All that damage needs to be mended. 5. Try to build in dynamism. However this is gonna work, I doubt anyone can predict the whole picture. Find some ways to let users find ways of dating online rather then handing them a system. 6. Let the kids show you how to do it. Maybe you should try & focus on getting dates for 14 yr olds. They might pave some sort of a path. 7. Maybe focus on the non market. There's a tendency to focus on those people that are having trouble. They're very goal oriented. There is a problem that they're going to fix. So many services are tailored around filling that whole. But there it might be easier to get earlier successes with those that will probably get a date this month anyway. You just fill the 'how'. I think the GIMP is one of the biggest casualties of pirating. It's ironic. You've already responded to my 'how so'. I would've said 'more users' you've said 'crap users.' Fair enough. It's just that photo editing software has a relatively high learning curve. I think (anecdotal, I have no references for this) that due to the cost of photoshop many users start experimenting on pirated copies. Mostly kids & hobbyists. Years later they may buy a copy or take it with them to the workplace. By that stage, they're used to photoshop to the extent that it's the only option. Yes it is. Actually it's sort of a take on freemium. Available pirated for beginners. Available at cost to professionals/adults. I think there might be more to it then that. I'm not really a user of image editing software (Seashore covers most of my needs) so I can't really say this for sure. But I get the impression that GIMP want to do things their way, not the photoshop way. Getting young users using GIMP first gives them a chance to do that. Do you think this is a fundamental problem with letting kids date. Or is it the potential for misuse that's the problem. I was thinking more along the lines of letting kids who already know each other set each other up (have there parents set them up?). You could even hit the whole parenting thing head on & let parents in on the action. Could be very successful in certain places. I hear China is resurrecting arranged marriages in a modern form. Unless you got a Kindle with a Sony bookstore. IS it a no-no to consider the respective markets for shareware/Web 2.0 companies ? As opposed to the products themselves, I mean. I think the low quality of commentary (here & elsewhere) comes from (A) not understanding this relatively complicated & technical issue and (B) wanting to comment & discuss. I'm not sure how I feel about it. I don't like to see discussions deteriorate like this. But on the other hand, I feel like participating in the discussion may be a good way of gaining an understanding ultimately bringing the level back up. But it means you have the floor. An maybe some incentive to find something to say. www.youtube.com/watch?v=8I5BGsK5ZAU Previous jobs qualify you for future jobs. Do you think you should get a sweet buyout deal because you need to stop working at your old job? "..the plug-ins burn less gas and emit a whole lot less CO2 — even when drawing their juice from coal-fired powerplants — than cars running on dino juice,.." How much less? Comparing MPG for a hybrid vs a plugin is not a good comparison. (Unless what you are worried about is oil imports.) I think the problem with MLMs is that it's ugly. People react to that. There are plenty of classes of ventures that have a similar failure rate or even a similar number of unethical practices up top, but when you et down to it, it's largely the aesthetics. Sure that's good advice for the young, entrepreneurial would be editor. It means there are niche markets out there. Some of them are big. Some of them are lucrative. It's not a realistic suggestions for the doomed giants. The economist sells to people wiling to pay full price for a good read. That's closer to JK Rowling's business model then most newspapers. The papers make (made) money largely on services that are no longer necessary (from them) or no longer need to be bundled. Those that are left are now more competitive. Much more. Top that off with the fact that online ads don't pay as well & probably never will. Their business model has been pulled from under them. I think you were being sarcastic. But I think you put your finger on a fundamental mistake people seem to instintively make when drawing conclusions from any evolutionary concepts. Jumping from 'do' to 'should do', 'will do', etc. For castration to have an effect on genetics, you'd need it'd need to be universal for hundreds, thousands or preferably, millions of generations. To affect memes it could happen within a few generations, but the science on that is a lot weaker. You know, I never thought that free markets vs Communism made very good polar opposites. They don't cover the same sort of ground. They clash terribly over invisible hand vs command but Communism also covers a 17th- 18th centuryish theory of history at its core. What do free marketeers have to say to that? The command vs freee hand, particularly for physical goods production has been largely decided. I think very few politicians left that would directly control production in a red sort of a way. They might for micro political reasons, but probably wouldn't try to control the economy some other way. Marx got moulded into a religious figure. But read in a similar context as Kant, Bentham, or even Ayn Rand, it's definitely interesting. 1. The one liner What is your exact meaning? I suggest forgetting about marketability, memorability, etc. of the wording, and trying to continue this conversation with a long time ebayer: Onista is an auction-less social marketplace where people can buy and sell products." "Huh?" Use as many sentences as you need. Work out the meaning, then get it into a zinger. If you can't well then find another way of communicating that. Not everything fits into a one-liner. There are other ways of saying things. Start by working out what it is people need to understand before giving it a try. 2. the terminology Social marketplace I think that's industry jargon. Do users use the term social to describe things (social news, social networking, social bookmarking?) The idea of class struggle & the idea that history is a process with a beginning & an end. I thought it meant mean that in the event of success, he can increase his investment. I don't think it's about being demonstrable. Start with plausible. A lot of the items are about intent. While you can never be sure that items like '1-$2m tops before reaching 25 -$50m value' are a yes, you can often be sure that they're a no. It might be in the strategy. The strategy might not be viable without more down the line. Works as an exclusion list. I disagree. The first list is. The latter list: # Initially sells to the enterprise for branding, credibility, awareness and early revenues # Can get to revenues within 6 months, tops # Is sold on the basis of ROI, e.g., helps generate revenues or reduce headcount/costs # Integrates easily with existing platforms and/or programs # Either leverages existing open source programs or can itself become partially or fully open source # Has multiple revenue streams, e.g., software, maintenance, services, etc. That's all describing a particular kind of business. It actually seems like it's describing a reasonable sepcific area: tech/service hybrid focusing on large-ish b2b clients. I think this is one of the most important areas to have innovation. I think the part of Adwords is played down in the commentary (now becoming history), unfairly. Google created a great tool(s). Popular, useful, valuable. Their contribution t corporate culture is (on the whole) positive. But all that is dwarfed by the fact that they were able to find a way to create value for businesses. There are today many businesses from laundromats, mechanics & TV repairmen to online businesses to everything else that are either built with adwords at the bottom of the stack or adwords is a substantial leg. In doing so they found a way to monetise spectacularly. I'm not saying we can expect that trick again, but more of the same (even if in much smaller slices) is needed. The obvious area to explore first on video is linking ad-2-content in a more meaningful way. The first thing to stop doing is taking painted buses as a role model. Or for women & wine It's not very common in practice though. Not enough to create demographic problems. What exactly has happened? This is more a tweak then anything. But I think there are some issues with copyright etc. Once they're using the content of a video to sell something related to it, maybe they run into legal issues. I think selective abortion is more common then selective infanticide. Any interest in this area has to do with monetisation. They both work. They're bot popular. Next. How much bigger will stumble or digg get? I haven't heard many (any) stumbleupon advertising success stories. Anyone know of case studies. There's always the chance that a big chunk of that is coming from companies that spend big on ppc/seo with good returns & are looking for any other channel. They could be throwing some money at it to see what happens. They may not come back. Actually, a good sign of potential would be money making sites obsessing about being on Digg's home page or getting 'stumble thunder' like bloggers do. One thing to remember is that any large economic upturn or downturn is more a sideturn then anything else. How much 'consumers' spend only moves a little bit. Even if your market is marks 'decline in GDP' exactly, you probably have such a small portion of it that it is indistinguishable from the effects of any of the normal factors that have an effect on sales. But when you get into little areas, there's big changes. Markets can double, halve or stay the same. Common sense says luxuries go down, basics stay similar & thrift items go up. Theoretically, there are almost as many opportunities to be expected as threats. But does that mean they're sorted. People still use owned materials for their own little videos. People still upload snippets from tv shows (especially interviews). The content producers may be involved. But they are certainly not in control. Overture made a big step (ppc). Adwords made another step. It's very possible they wouldn't be where they are without Overture. But Overture didn't take the process the whole way either. Dynamic bidding based on click through rate. All sorts of little innovations to improve relevance. Training advertisers to focus on ROI (which conveniently is closely related to relevance). Introduction of specialist tools used by the most sophisticated advertisers on Overture & making them available to everyone (Conversion tracking, Analytics). adwords is still innovating a bit at a time. It's slowed a bit though. I disagree. The concepts may have been new or not. But Adwords (search) works. 50%+ of businesses can find a good use for it. It is useful to advertisers. Adsense is still broken. But it is neither a good way for publishers to make money or a good way for advertisers to advertise. It still works because of scale. But it's not working yet. Even more importantly (the history is interesting but..) it's a word. Words have whatever meaning people give them. As far as I can see, the only alternative to a free market is some kind of controlled market, and a controlled market requires some subset of the population to control it. Free markets do not create powerful people? I think if anything the supposed US/Soivet case studies (both of which are imperfect examples of the ideologies they were supposed to represent), is that both claimed to be removing excess power from single hands. Both did the opposite. Both ended up creating a power class. In the case where powerful individuals are public as opposed to private people you can at least complain. With free markets, as long as their actions are legal, it's 'fair.' To create a framework for accountability, you need to create a legal framework, which of course makes the 'market' a little less 'free.' A patent troll doesn't need to justify his actions in terms of public good. Nor does any other commercial entity. The free market theory as a moral theory might be summed up as: everyone do what's best for them. Between, supply & demand and game theory, we'll hit the best result for everyone. You don't need to define free market as that. You just need not to define free market as not that. Penalties can either be legislated (eg fines) or consumer generated (eg Nike). But internal morality is not part of how the market works. Sure you can have Google not being evil. But if you have a sound an economic opportunity presented by creating (fro example) waste. It will be taken up by someone. Without legislation forbidding it, you can bet that there would be a business in taking garbage from London & dumping it at sea. What's immoral today might be moral tomorrow, and vice versa Well then you've already made a big statement about morality. (its relative & arbitrary). Welcome to the relativist school. You leave behind virtually all humanist ethicists, much of the The Enlightenment and of course most western religious traditions. You are in an extreme minority. You will be accused of nihilism. But even as a relativist, you could ask yourself questions like: Does the free market cause individuals to be immoral according to their own view of what is moral? Does the free market cause individuals to be immoral according to their friends & neighbours of what is moral? Does the free market cause individuals to be immoral according to their seniors view of what is moral? And according to the standard you should never store the cvv2 code, you should request it each time. How are you supposed to take recurring payments? Always surprised to see gold on this list. Isn't it the ultimate baseball card? Held mostly for trading and influenced by both unpredictable demand (fashion) and unpredictable supply (what if some huge mine is discovered?). Which is why it's attractive to middle income investors. Apart from the fact that they can make big bold moves like leverage 10/1, control an asset worth 5X their yearly income, etc. But a bigger reason is that it gives them a way of relatively easily combining time & money investments without giving up their normal income. Even MSFT pays only 1.3% p/a. Even in that case, it's a gesture. What if startups directly paid investors. Gave them back their money + some or paid dividends or something like that. Theoretically, that should be just a different way of doing approximately the same thing. you think the small investment- small exit complex is more stable or more recession proof? 2 reasonably big assumptions: 1 stable supply (no new gold) 2 stable as a Schelling Point. Not unreasonable. But it's not unreasonable to assume the dollar will maintain value either. Society needs one object to serve as a store of value Unfortunately, it does not have one. Gold is one such object. You yourself are describing a fluctuation in demand in response to US government actions. That will lead to a fluctuation in price regardless of the real world value it supposedly represents - just like any other currensy. With the bonus that you can make earings out of it. Better? Sure. But I'm not sure if your example holds. I don't know the situation, but I'll guess that building smaller homes is producing a type of product that is more recession proof. Similar to producing household or business basics, or (even better) cheaper substitutes. I'm not sure you have an equivalence here. The small startup/small exit "industry" can be thought of as producing small businesses for purchase. Therefore, it is subject to the market for small businesses. I agree that the demand in this market is somewhat independent of the demand in mega-acquisition or IPO markets, but I think it's a big statement to say it is more recession proof. Aren't those 'one -offs?' worked? I think the more interesting question might be why does this sound shady. It's not coincidental. People have a tendency to regard press 'deals' as very shady and be very suspicious that they are occurring. Assuming both scenarios are equally likely: Option 1 Average ROI = 50% Option 1 Average ROI = 12.5% High risk premium. A good time to take risks?.. if you can afford it. Probably not 0 is it? I'm quite happy with NeoOffice, personally. This is an age old discussion: How do I create the incentives I think are needed to get people to put money into the things I think are good, in a way I think is good. If you're wrong about what good is, you can make a big mess. Very big. Even if you are reasonably confident you know what good is, you still have the impossible task of making sure whatever you suggest is not having any unexpected consequences as tax implications become a more prominent effect of this, that or the other, then normal market effects. This is the tool we're used to using to deal with these kind of issues. It's a fairly blunt utensil. Regardless, if piracy becomes legal & socially acceptable, it will remove an reason to buy a $100 box set at any point. You may still have your 95% rule, but you'll just have an average person 'owning' 2000% more music then they would have otherwise with 0% of the cost. That kind of a fuzzy equilibrium is what we're at now. Most people do it. Officially you can't. If you do it to make money, they'll come after you. Some people think it's wrong. Lots of others think its kinda wrong. What you do get on these sorts of threads everywhere from here to spamblog is people saying something along the lines of: I pirate some things that I want to listen to. If I like it/it's good enough/it's reasonably priced/ I like the artist, I buy a copy. The power is in the hands of the 'consumer.' They decide if they want to pay or not based on their own criteria. That's not ownership! That's beerware. Consumption is not tied to purchase. The record companies & friends play up to this trying to increase the moral pressure. This seems to have the effect of increasing the above sentiment. Anyway we're stuck in this no man's land. How sustainable is it? I don't think it is sustainable at all. We are following the music lives in a cd protocol like a cargo cult. People are going to buy cds of artists they like because they remember that is how they used to do it. That memory will fade, the cd player will disappear & we'll still be buying licences in the form of a cd? I don't think so. What's the alternative? Buy the license online? People will go online & literally make a donation to a millionaire? Something's gotta give *If there is a proper recession, maybe we'll see donations to artists in the form of cd purchases go down with donations to normal charities. The $800 might be wishful thinking. Unless they're planning an all out assault. Looking forward to it. I use a mac. But I would like to pay (on sale) windows pc prices. You imagine correctly: http://www.grokdotcom.com/2007/12/18/thats-my-amazon-kindle-... I think it's more then that. Some sites, it makes a lot of sense to look at something, go back to the homepage (or another main page). Others try to let you roam. Move from product to product, related topics, add on products, see the forum, most popular in this category.... You follow a loose trail. Well, we have a crash. Why not have a web 3.0? Everyone from now on can have smiley face domain names. The email address formerly known as gmail. And then maybe, a few years down the line 'the address' it's very funny Watch the formatting It stretches the whole page. I thought that shareholders were supposed to be the last to get paid. thanks Yes, but that wouldn't mean they're expected to murder & steal on behalf of shareholders if opportunity presented itself. That money is owed to employees by shareholders. Sorry, that sounded like a left rant. What I meant is 'isn't that outside the law?' The law says debts get paid, then shareholders can split what's left. I believe bankruptcy court is supposed to handle what debts go first. But it shouldn't theoretically make any difference to shareholders what debts go first. Obviously the trick is to make sure your friends (the employees) get paid first by settling that debt before declaring. I can see how that might be legally troublesome. But it's the vendors, lenders, etc. that should be complaining, not shareholders. he other point makes the simplistic assumption that because advice is do A, when A is universally good, that it's useless advice. When Sequoia (or anyone) advises to now reduce debt, focus on positive cash flow etc. etc. What they mean is not that these things are suddenly good things. What they mean is that they are suddenly more important. Your ability to raise capital has just sunk. The likelihood of new, highly funded competition has just sunk. The post just makes a silly sort of a 'positive cash flow? wasn't that a good idea yesterday?' Side Note : This is an example of how war fuels economic growth through technological innovation. The production line house produced by a war veteran is an example of wealth creating technology. What to do attribute that to? The situation: They're an overseas code shop, strategic desicions are made in the US, etc or the corporate culture of the Indian office or something else. But should a competing centre emerge in Bangalore of Beijing, it'd be hard to beat. "Anybody today can achieve excellent search engine ranking for his own blog or website in his sparetime" That is something that always gets me. How can easy (implied) be a meaningful term for anything that is competitive. This is not like run a mile in x minutes (if x is big enough, anyone can do it), This is like run a mile faster then everyone else. By definition, not everyone can do it. Back to the opt-out vs opt-in debate. One that should drive the pure theory guys nuts. In theory, it shouldn't make any difference. In practice, it would. I don't think cost of living in either of those is going to match the US's any time soon. Assuming that it contains enough of the right people & supporting services to build the right complexes, why not? How many of the bay area's mojo comes from people moving to the bay area for its mojo? They could go somewhere else. Keeping it should be easier then building it. But overall, the tech complex shouldn't be a whole lot more difficult to move then any other complex. I'd say moving the manufacturing complexes out of China would be harder. A tech company can be anywhere really, as long as they have the people. the complex can scale down to one & still be useful. It's more useful as a complex, but still quite useful without it. pg has some stuff on how to build a silicon valley (Take one cup of nerd, stir in a generous sprinkling of rich people & nerds, nice weather etc. etc.. I wonder how much of it is easier then he reckons. Surely there is some bias. The Auto manufacturing centres of US or Germany probably thought that they were impossible to move. Why not start a startup on a SE Asian island? Could live comfortably on 15k per year (including home visits). Assuming you bring your people with you & they are willing to be paid in lifestyle. It might be appealing to certain people. Nice beaches. I am wary of attributing things to 'overall culture' too much. It can be hard to tell what elements of culture are difficult to alter & which aren't. As a case, I'd point to the fact that outside of India, many do not exhibit that sort of subordinate mentality. I wouldn't bet against being able to create a work environment in India where that was all brought down to a manageable level. I think that attributing anything cultural to history is a sloppy subject. Sounds like it makes sense, but very little predictive power, like stock analysts. On a side note, look over your (plain English) sentence: "this 'slavish' attitude is due to being subjected" Slave comes from slavic. Can't live without dictators. That's true in a sense. Acquisitions only really make sense if a company is creeping horizontally. Otherwise not that man opportunities make sense. Say Apple decide to concentrate on what their exisitng lines (they've pretty much said so), how many startups would they find to buy? Probably not enough for a CAO. So was OS X (I think). I'm not saying there's room for them, I'm saying 'how high could the volume get?' The volume of software start-up acquisitions should be directly related to the volume of software product lines. http://thegeekreview.com/2008/04/25/steampunk-mac-mini/ Oh & so was Steve Jobs. But how many CEOs do you need? please watch the formatting It stretches the page. I'm fine with affirmative action. But I like to keep the debate on topic. You need to remember that aa is not a goal in itself (I think so, anyway). On the contrary, it is damaging in itself. It may justify the ends, but in itself it's bad. Just like having a 99% white male University is not bad in itself, it's a consequence of bad - Inequality in society. The goal of aa (should be) is to deal with that. There is an inherent problem. We tend to gauge gender equality by things like the male/female exec ratio. That's fine. But then we try to improve equality by artificially equalising that. Ok..but we are getting into murky waters? How do we know if the underlying problem is solved now. The goal of such a program is not to be needed at some point in the future. When you're talking about minorities in schools etc. that can take a long time, but aa is not acceptable (to me) indefinitely. There's also another type of aa*. EG the organisation believes certain staff ratios are good for corporate culture, good for morale, good to give an impression of equability etc. etc. That's a different kettle of fish. Completely different. The company/school may have rational economic reasons for this decision, but that is discrimination for utilitarian reasons. How would you feel if for the same reasons, the decision was made to hire all white males? Depressing? All this are saying is: Unless you're a founder, you're an employee. Earlier employees are closer to the founder end, later employees are closer to the employee end. Neither are probably going to retire at 23 from an early acquisition. The latter are probably not even gonna retire from a monster exit (though in this case there are probably more employees, early is relative). They do have a chance at making quite a lot of money though. 3k/40m is less then 0.01%. So it's not really a big part of the compensation package. In that case, stock just isn't a reason to work there. There may be other reasons to. It's depressing that being in the vicinity of a startup doesn't make you rich? If everyone was rich, it wouldn't be rich. By definition, it's not available to everyone. You think market rates + a 50% chance at being millionaire, should be the going rate? Right? I wouldn't say that. It might be the best time a company. It's not a good time to sell one. Maybe a good time to buy one? easy I think there might be an underlying questions here. They mention the Adwords gold standard. Great. Why is adwords so valuable? Adwords it is extremely beneficial to the advertisers. People use Google to search for X. There is money to be had for being found. That's a recipe for making a lot. The other elements of how they did it right is a recipe for making a big lot. Everyone focuses on the other elements. The Google ethos. The ad algorithms. The quality interfaces, etc. etc. etc.. Adwords unlocked an underlying value to paying clients. We can't assume that there is an underlying value to unlock every time. "Help twitter find a revenue model" may be as useful as saying "Help Billy find oil in Germany." it assumes that something is there to be found. Adwords may have been impressive miners, but even they can't milk a lizard. "But Google is still largely a one-trick pony. Ads appearing next to search results accounted for about three-quarters of its business last year. Although this has been a red-hot market, it's also starting to mature." "Eventually, it's quite possible that Google will experiment with image-based ads next to its own search results." Could have been written yesterday. Just replace $700m with $20b. Are we using dotcom 2.0 yet? There's something by Douglas Adams on matter & partical & energy & wave-particle functions and stuff. He reckoned that 'stuff' is overrated, that of all the atoms that made up ksvs 10 years ago, virtually none make him/her up now. Whatever it is that you think you are, it's not the stuff you're made of. Inability to distinguish between 'this is wrong' & 'this should be illegal.' And now we have a censored internet. One of the underlying things here is that there is very little use saying 'bad economy' & leaving it at that. Bad what? What are the actual effects. A startup might be affected by: Customers/market - These are not necessarily the problem. True. Particularly if you are evolving in this economy, Like a Neanderthal in an ice age. This point is probably neutral on average. Investors - This may be a problem. This is a market that can shy. But only a problem if you need them. This point is negative. Buyers- (Of some description) Definitely a negative. But you don't need them right away & you can probably be more flexible waiting for the right time. If Cockaroach doesn't do it.. endospore. You can't have everything. Comeptitors - A plus. Fewer investors (including founders as the essay implies) by definition means fewer startups. Or for buyers? That would be different companies. With different strategies. If Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were financial time bombs of one kind, then surely China's state-owned enterprises are time bombs of another. Can anyone determine with even approximate confidence the extent of their liabilities? I've been thinking that since this started. China doesn't like bad news, they can hide them. Chinese economic problems could be more far reaching the the US (at least here in Oz). Australian Government actually has quite a bit of surplus saved up by the previous government during the resource boom. They've now announce they're gonna spend it. A lot of the predictions of the US demise as a superpower are not about US losing more during this crisis then others. They they're about triggering an inevitable shift. Depending on your assumptions , the US, China, India & Europe get close to par with each-other (in terms of GDP) . sometime before current Grad Students retire. Could be 5 yrs, could be 40. Equally importantly, a lot of mid sized economies close the gap between them & the whales. The assumption that economy size translates into military & political power makes sense. By that measure, the US already feels bigger then it should. The EU is a terrible mechanism for validating that assumption. China for all it's faults is not very assertive on the world stage. Neither is India. (Russia is similar to the US in this sense. Their assertiveness means they feel bigger then their GDP should allow) The current non-US big fish (India, China & Europe) are just not converting GDP to militar/politcal power very well. But the raw ingredient is already there. China & India as manufacturers may even be able convert money to power at a better rate then the US Public opinion in the US & elsewhere is currently that the US backed financial theories are to blame for the situation. The US's military/political methods are even more unpopular. Fair or not, Georgia/Russia isn't getting much worse press the Iraq/US - even in the countries officially aligned with Georgia/US. & Russia's Putin doesn't have a good name. This sound familiar: you can have us or the russians/chinese. The euros are wimps. You'll take us because the alternatives are worse! You hear it & elsewhere. 30 years ago those held sway. These days less. bite? Better for the world? Probably. I wasn't making a request though. Could be that YC is being treated like Grad School. Something you do when it's not a great time to get a job. I agree that this proves nothing. I agree that the US financial system or market in general was never free in a sense that would appease a libertarian but.. Your sentiments are interestingly similar to what a lot of Marxists/Communists had to say (not too many left though) when that 'failed': That is, point to the Soviet Union & say: 'That was never true communism. So it failed. If it was truly a Marxist regime, this never would have happened.' As I said, I wouldn't personally take this as a 'proof' of anything. But what seems inevitable is that this is causing a swing (in public opinion) away from deregulation of financial markets. I think it's very likely that there'll be a wholesale swing against the suite of things associated with 'libertarianism.' That's a shame in a way. Whether or not financial regulatory policies are optimal or not, has very little to do with the moral theories of libertarianism for example. Anyway, there seems to be a big shift in the sway these ideas hold. answer? Actually I think yters deals with your sort of complaint. He deals with it fatalistically. Libertarians will continue to say that libertarianism never had a clear shot. Communists will continue to say the same. Both are not particularly easy to test. This argument is stuck when you encounter this. But we do have a situation that is not high level theory that we need to make a decision about: We can push Governments to be more/less liberation, elect libertarian politicians etc. etc. What are the likely consequences of these actions assuming that an imperfect world exists where there will be opposition from politicians of different opinions etc. There is a problem with the type of ideal you describe. If (as previous comments suggest) libertarian ideal is something that only works in its entirety, then introducing a 'libertarian law' outside of a libertarian system is damaging. It may be a step towards the completion of you ideal in a very general way, but if it doesn't get you closer to it, doesn't improve the intermediary state etc. etc. , then it's not a good law. You're both right. And this is something that is not emphasised enough. But as with most thorough ideologies, religions & such, their proponents tend to believe that they are the right course of action no matter what angle you look at them from. So from many libertarians' view, it is correct even if you are a consequentialist, utilitarian. etc. I have yet to meet a libertarian that suggests that even though the economic policies are bad for society in a utilitarian sense, they are still morally obliged to support them. Libertarianism is therefore associated with it's utilitarian arguments. They are in every way bar the most theoretical, the foundation of libertarianism. Not disagreeing with you on the general idea but there are other factors pushing up. Mostly to do with rising population. 'Existing' houses stand in places that will over time become more central, more developed & therefore more scarce. I think you may be hanging to tightly to the semantics. Libertarianism is not being used (in this article or in general discussion) in its moral theory/political theory sense. They are referring to the derived economic policy theories. Hype removed, it might read: 'End of government intervention as a taboo.' My knee jerk hysteria? The public's? The article's? I think the analogy is a little deeper the just a veneer. At least that is the accusation made here. For one thing, the concept of 'communism' according to Marx is a stateless, classless society. Since communist states were 'states' & ruled by parties which were very similar to a ruling 'class,' I thnk we can call this grounds for appeal. The problem is underlying. Any political theory that needs to be implemented completely, can't be judged based on its components. This means that unless you have a perfect specimen, you can't draw conclusions about its validity from reality. To the communist in question, abolishing individual ownership, collective production, land reform, command economy, etc. might fail, but that doesn't disprove communism. It doesn't even disprove those strategies. They are only expected to succeed within a perfectly Marxist state. The fact that a state would have been better off not implementing any of those policies, is no deterrent. To the libertarian in question, deregulated financial markets, corporate autonomy, free markets, etc. etc. might fail, but that doesn't disprove libertarianism. It doesn't even disprove those strategies. They are only expected to succeed within a perfectly libertarian system. The question is: would the US/Iceland/UK have been better off under more regulated financial markets? If your answer is ' yes, but...if only they were even more regulated & trade was unrestricted &.., ' then the analogy is about as strong as these sorts of analogies can get. I wasn't implying tat you don't understand the issue. Just that I think the article is implying something more shallow then what you seem to have responded to. Does this mean YC is "recession proof?" My personal opinion isn't interesting really. Neither is the author of this article's. What is interesting is public opinion. That seems to have swung away from deregulation. It is (rightly or wrongly) being blamed for this. In many circles (more so outside The States, I think), non-intervention is tolerated because it works, supposedly. A lot of people have accepted that while it is unfair, unsavoury, & generally unpleasant, but it works. Now it doesn't always work. Exactly. As long as population increases, the populated places tend to become more populated, central places more central, desirable more desirable. public opinion has been largely formed by the opinions of the regulators. I have never known a regulator to want less power, so libertarians are fighting a lost cause. I don't think that's fair. I think the public's opinion is being reflected from the sentiment in the public debate around the world. Politicians, central bankers, academics, big name investors, etc. The specifics of interventions (proposed laws for bailouts) have been supported by public figures usually on the libertarian side of the policy (eg Rupert Murdoch). It's true, they've still stuck to their respective positions: John McCain is still more of a libertarian then Obama, Hugo Chavez hasn't moved much, etc. Die hards are still dies hards. But, the whole debate has shifted left. This is very likely to bring with it other changes. I complain about people looking at the political spectrum simplistically just like anyone else. Left on A shouldn't mean left on B. But in reality, these things seem to be associated. Google needs to figure out display. Really needs to. or someone else will. Google needs to figure out display. Really needs to. or someone else will. I think they might still be pretty durable in terms of market share. But not against deferred purchases. Apple's stuff tends to be discretionary. People buy when they want. That can be delayed. Are you saying that YC is not attractive to anyone over 21? Then the numbers seem to be against you. I assume they get a good number of over 21 applicants. Either way that does not have much to do with it being treated similar to Grad School. There was a thread on here a few days ago on how people got to grad school when jobs get hard to get. It is an alternative to going out & getting a job that becomes more attractive as going out & looking for a job becomes less attractive. He didn't exactly say don't sell. He said don't plan to. An interesting bit is that you'd need to use different samples to infer about the 'cost of housing' then what you would need to infer about the 'value of property.' Most places, the cheaper houses are new developments on the city's fringe. Since a lot of people live there, you need to take them into account when looking at 'housing costs.' But you don't take into account new developments when looking at real estate as an asset. You're not buying 'housing' your buying 'houses.' Existing properties can increase while cheap new houses keep averages down. The separation of plants & animals into: Walks, talks & feels vs photosynthesises, grows & smells, is just not a great one. I assume plants could have evolved into bears & venture capitalists too if we replayed earth a couple of time. He is a smart guy. That's a very rational non BS marketing brief for a CEO. (at least my stereotype of one. I don't know many). This a gist from the 2nd tape: They are interested in consumers being pushed form the PC to the workstation market. These are the reasons: 1* - Custom Apps - * The key is having the best development environment. (he thinks they do0 2* - productivity Apps - * The key is productivity apps using the networking capabilities so they can tie people together'* 3* - Interpersonal Computing - * This he says, is the long term strategy. I think that his strategy was sound at the time. The market he was talking about did grow. But he missed a critical point. He was thinking of it as a split in the workstation marketplace. Sun had a 50% market share. He thought he could beat Sun. In effect, this marketplace became dominated by PC players & PC users (EG Mac Pro). A subset of the PC market really. Publishers, animators, designers, architects etc. He did pick them up in the end with Apple. Actually I think this is a real test. With phones Apple was in its zone. All the components needed, are their forte: Small electronics with appeal. Taking advantage of the availability of new hardware creatively. Simplifying user experience when & where it counts. Running an online outlet & making it some place people are willing to pay for 1s & 0s again. Creating a buzz that draws in the critical mass both for consumers & for developers. They have a massive advantage in these areas. 'Normal' mobile phone manufacturers (EG nokia), electronics manufacturers (eg sony), OS guys, all seem very disadvantaged here. I would have been very surprised if sony came out with a truly game changing product. Nokia & co. are (were) too into their paradigm with the 'partner' telcoms.Most likely they would have gotten bogged down into a situation were telcos operate the music/software shop side of things. I would have been surprised if Smartphone makers really focused on consumers. All that put Apple in the ideal position to take this market to pieces. They're usually good at innovating this way. Less good when they need to deal with everyone else catching up. I think it comes bach to their software/hardware must go together. They don't need to wait for anyone to mke something that works. But complexes can make things that work eventually. This is a good test. Personally, I think that the software/hardware combo is still an advantage in phones. Interesting note: If you look at stock stats, 'The Market' expects more good to come out of Yahoo then it does of MS. That's my understanding anyway. I always feel daft with these things. English has become a key of sorts. Most DIY education requires English. Thanks for the link. They need an upgrade to their website. What they say they are about is pretty much exactly the type of thing I would like to support. But, I can't get enough information to either make a decision or actually donate from their one page site. I have been thinking that a 'Kiva for Education' could be a great idea. I'm sure there's something out there. If anyone has a link please share. Maybe it's time for a YC philanthropic intake. I wonder what the effect is though. I think a lot of people romanticise the world. Hungry childhood, unappeasable drive, learning to read from a half burnt book, learning to engineer by sneaking into a junk yard at night, every thread that can be used to claw out of poverty pulled, no opportunity missed. All those novels. All those biographies. All those stories. It's easy to believe (as I write this, I do) that there are thousands of brilliant minds bursting with potential that can be unleashed with just the smallest scrap of opportunity. A thousand OLPCs dropped on poor children could do the trick. But I think reality is harsher. I am not trying to put down efforts. And I certainly believe there are things that can be done. The internet as an agent of globalisation, certainly has a lot of (yet unrealised) equalising power. But tapping it might be trick & take time. Sure I'd be happy to. To support, One would need a way to: .. get more info/contact details/donation method (an email address?) ..understand what it is they want/need (in kind donations, ongoing support, one off donations, earmarked donations, full scholorships) To decide to support it would be useful to answer some basic questions. What Universities are being sponsored? What does the scholorship include? What are the general selection guidelines? What are the aims of the cause? etc. Heck, I should probably just redo the site for them. Don't leave them hanging. I've met a bunch of organisations that have had work 'donated' to them & then been abandoned. They are stuck with a site they can't get much use out of. Such a pity when the ability of charities to connect online with people has such potential. They sponsor engineering, CS & BA students? Why not get some help from them. Maybe see about setting them up with a good, easy to pass around CMS & let their students do it. (maybe offer to supervise) Let the BA guys apply to Google, MSN, Yahoo, etc. for some advertising credits. *on a side note, the info they did give got me curious. They peaked in 2003. Why? What happened. Shouldn't apply just to stocks (Buffet likes to buy companies). But you think startups can be bought at bargain prices right now? Idea Vista does it still make money? I know it still operates. I meant do you think it's still profitable? They do have a higher pricing table then most comparable services, so maybe. But it's not an easy biz to be in. Personally I think the most important of the anti zealot side of this debate is the insistence on everything being centred on code being written by hand. Dingy little WYSIWYG editors, machine generated web pages, & (in this context, I suppose) software that allows users to generate anything from blogs to shops to social news sites without any technical knowledge, and all their friends have probably done more for for the web (& it's accessibility) then standards have. We aren't there yet. From online shops to Slinkset, you still need a little css & html to get you past a certain level of control. But I think it would be an achievement, if these weren't needed any more & 'view source' got taken out of browsers from lack of use. Could you estimate the degree? Even solid socks like Google & MS have taken something like a 40% hit. I assume many smaller public tech companies have taken 50%+ hits. You think that $X could by you a bigger slice of a startup today then 2 months ago to the degree public companies have? It's actually an interesting situation for cashed up companies that could use startups if they can get them at the right price. The value of a small company to investors is usually linked to their chances of getting acquired or going public. These are often linked to their chances of getting additional funding along the way. All these are now not decreased (although if you're planning on IPO in 5 yrs, the current state doesn't count for much). This doesn't apply to acquirors to whom (assumingly) the acquisition has some sort of real value. That real value doesn't have too much with the state of investment markets. No sorry, I think I as unclear. I meant the opposite. 'View Source' will be removed because no one should want to view source. What I was saying is that the ability of non technical users to make sites, no matter how bad that code, is much more important then anything else in this debate. Standards should (i think) almost be written specifically for machines. Sure, you can think of creating the best possible environment that makes sense & so that the pages can be used on future browsers & browser like things, but that is dwarfed by the prospect of letting grandma have a website. Standards should not be built for hand coders. Still gets mentioned whenever someone posts a 'how to start an online shop' post. Just wondering, How much would an equivalent have cost 2-3 yrs ago? that kind of thing is apple's speciality. Hard to beat them on that turf. But it's easier (and cheaper) to follow. Once people know (from the iphone) what a phone is supposed to do, they'll be able to get other phones to do it too. no. sorry. I would argue that the continued evolution and improvement of the Web are far, far more important than letting Grandma have a website That's a little cheeky. What I was implying that letting Grandma have a website is more important to the (not as then ) the continued evolution and improvement of the Web.' Standards are (to that end) important inasmuch as they allow the guys that make typepad, wordpress & friends to let her do so. That is the criteria they should be judged by. Seriously though, you could probably do it without karma farmers if you announced a free X for all users currently over a karma threshold. Could be a cool tool for building social news sites & there are all sorts of companies that want to give away their stuff - magazines.