It takes real talent to reduce perfectly readable numbers into incomprehensible speed-dial infographics. Repost http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1681480 I'm torn. On one hand, it's yet another infographic. On the other hand... it's actually informative. The Google News changes introduced earlier this year proved this to me. You'd be challenged to find a single person on the internet who prefers the new Google News format. It took months for the design team to grant even the slightest hint of a concession, letting people switch back to an (albeit uglier and less efficient) two-column format. Mentioned in the comments, but another extremely useful feature is if you type ctrl+r and start typing a command, it will give you the last command you ran that contains that substring. Not especially surprising, nor damning of american-borns. Those with the motivation, skills, and education to move abroad (to anywhere!) and start a business are going to, on average, outperform the population which was born there. Not because they are naturally better, but because they were self-selected by being there in the first place. Just like I'd be willing to bet that americans living abroad are overrepresented as entrepreneurs wherever they happen to be living. It's an interesting story, but I had to stop reading when I read this line: "The cloud was actually CO2 mixed with air. " Your money might not be stashed offshore, but your periods and commas seem to be safely hidden. It's not really an IP stack. But it does ping. So a more accurate name would be: Twing I am skeptical. If they were really going for all websites ending with "bay", I'd think some bigger ones would be on the list... like piratebay. Unless they think that's a hopeless case. You apparently haven't heard of my neutrino-powered wifi transmitter. My chemistry is extremely rusty, but I thought that even if the reaction was at equilibrium, there is still a rate of reaction--it's just that the forward and backward reaction rates are the same, so there's no net change. (anyone with a better knowledge of chemistry please correct me if I'm wrong) wikileaksleaks.com is open! Someone make it happen! It's ridiculous to say there is no plan B. Plan B has been in place and has been slowing the use of IPv4 addresses for years: Network Address Translation If you have a home network, in all likelihood your computers do not have unique external IP addresses, just your router. Even if for some reason IPv6 was never rolled out, this would just be implemented on a larger scale--your neighborhood may get a single unique IP. I would obviously prefer widespread IPv6 adoption, but implying chaos otherwise is just ridiculous. It would just make things a bit more painful. Sometimes worry that this is a depressing answer to Fermi's paradox (Fermi's paradox asks why no intelligent life has been found, if the odds of it are so high): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fermi_paradox Maybe when a species/civilization gets to a certain point of sophistication and intelligence, the motive to keep expanding (or even reproducing, apparently) stops, and they don't go on to colonize anywhere else. Really, the only reason the Americas are so populated right now is because of crazy overpopulation in Europe at the time. If a new continent was discovered today (or if Mars was suddenly terraformed), how long would it take for it to be populated? Would it ever be? I don't think it's that simple. Plenty of people living in poverty manage to have quite large families. I think instead it's the desire to have children only if you can have them and still live a the level of comfort you desire. It used to be, that people had kids simply because it was the default, and everyone did. But now that society has advanced to the point that people are able to make different decisions, it seems like often the choice is, simply to not have them. That's all I mean by sophistication--the ability to look at how you are living, and make those choices for yourself. No, it won't. If you maintain the same sub-replacement fertility rate, you'll end up with a stable inverted population pyramid, albeit a constantly shrinking one. Every generation will have too few workers to support too many retirees. Even if the whole field is in focus, only the parts of the image hitting the fovea (in the center of the retina) will be in detail. That said, I'd still be curious to see how it looks... I don't actually think that would be a problem for most men. "So my question is, why haven’t the nerds moved on?" + "Please don’t mention Linux on the desktop. Seriously." ? Let me paraphrase the post: "I have a random thought that is edgy but not well thought enough for me to permit reasonable counterexamples." To be completely correct, you'd need to normalize the prizes over the population of each country at the time each prize was awarded, since population growth (or decline, for germany) patterns are not the same for each of those countries. As long as you ignore the "thousands of people killed each year by drug cartels which the police and military are unable to control" metric Open office is a threat only to those who use it. We wrote this blog post back at the end of July about the project, not in response to the WSJ article. There have been a few posts since then discussing other aspects of the project, and there will be an update coming quite soon. Personally Identifying Information (PII) is defined as data which can uniquely identify an individual--name, social security number, facebook ID. Rapleaf's personalization service--which is designed to let websites personalize based on who is viewing the website--does not serve PII. Instead, it serves targeting data like "Age 40-50" and "Interests Basketball". The idea behind the Anonymouse project is that a person should not be able to be personally identified based on the targeting information served about them. Only sets of targeting data which cannot be traced back to a unique individual is stored in the personalization cookie. For example, it would be okay to serve a targeting cookie about a person which contained "Male, Wealthy, looking to buy a Ferrari", because thousands of people fit that description, and the ad network or website cannot identify the person with any reasonable specificity. It would not be okay, however, to target a person as "52 year old Male, makes $256,000, lives in Sometown OH, and was born on April 12th", because in all likelihood, only one or two people fit that description, and the data would effectively serve as PII, and this would be no better than dropping a facebook ID in the cookie. Let me know if anything's unclear, or if you want more details. From a CS perspective, it's a really cool/hard problem, and something we've spent a lot of time on. We're planning on writing an update blog post on where we are... as soon as we're done coding : ) "Sources: WSJ Research, RapLeaf "segment" document from July, 2010" The chart does not reflect the currently used of attributes. If you seriously think the US government is doing than most "governments of the World" to control information, you need to be better informed. Email is a protocol. Phones are a protocol. Facebook is... a company. I don't like the idea that the coming nexus of communication is a single-company provider, with zero incentive to open up a "facebook message protocol"... they simply want to be the only source of communication. I find this scary. I'm not suggesting they should be forced into anything, and I don't have a problem with the idea of a person using a central hub; I use google applications for tons of things, for documents, calendar, etc. What I don't like is that to communicate with anyone using the facebook hub, you have to also be using it. I can use nothing but gmail for my communications, but someone using hotmail can easily communicate with me. An equally serious problem is that Facebook makes no assurances whatsoever about whether they will choose to filter/censor communication (as they did here http://techcrunch.com/2010/11/22/facebook-censorship/ ). If I/a business want to be absolutely sure that any mail sent to me will get to me and never be deleted or censored, I can buy a domain and run my own email hosting; it's not a the whim of some external company. Awk is one of those tools I didn't know about until 6 months ago, and now I have no idea how I lived without it for so long. If you're manipulating text files, it's just so effortless. Christopher is a PhD student at Princeton under advisor Dave Walker. If anyone here has connections to Princeton or Dave Walker, I really encourage you to bring this to his attention, as he is hopefully someone Christopher respects enough to listen to advice from. Given that Dave's CV includes designing several esoteric programming languages, I suspect he would have a personal stake in this issue. Hm, that was probably the wrong phrase to use. I was just thinking that as a researcher on programming languages, he would have more insight into the issue, and have an idea which languages were influential. Not really, because Apple has never paid dividends. Mubarak's not president of Egypt anymore! Then don't upvote it. Who deletes the deletionists? Pretty sure he's referring to the MPAA and RIAA (they aren't actually companies.) News in the US will always be somewhat sensationalist and only expose the problems, but this is a good thing--there are a lot of regimes out there where things look bright and shiny on the surface, but only because the problems are hidden and media is suppressed. I'm not saying that everything on that list isn't a problem, but at least they're getting attention and people are looking at them. We still have a free (if somewhat immature) media, and we shouldn't forget that there's a huge selection bias in what makes it to the news. Do you count even things like ant buildfiles? I won't say that editing them is fun, but it's no worse than configuring any other build system. If they're dumb enough to judge the innovativeness of software based on something like that, their opinion is probably irrelevant. Excellent, God forbid Google ever use your search queries to improve its ranking algorithms and give more relevant results. This comment sponsored by Experts-Exchange and ehow This should be upvoted far more than it is, because it is completely correct. Oil is a global commodity with a standard price; if you don't buy oil from Libya, you'll buy it from someone else for same price, and someone else will buy it from Libya at that price anyway; boycotting oil from them accomplishes nothing. .ly domains do not work the same way. If you don't pay X$/yr for that domain, it's highly unlikely that someone else will buy it for the same price, since you probably tailored the domain to your business--so you are directly funding the regime with that money in a way oil is not. edit: okay good, the parent was at 1 karma when I posted this and I was annoyed. It's possible bit.ly would be bought up by now, but most less common ones I don't think would be. Poking around the internet, it looks like a .ly domain is at least $75 annually, which is a lot of money to just domain-squat on (especially since there are probably a many fewer accidental visits to .ly domains than to .com ones.) There doesn't even appear to be squatting on many variants of bit.ly (tried bti.ly, bot.ly, bpt.ly). To be honest, that's better than most "technical solutions" governments manage to come up with. Better than trying to route everything through a giant firewall or messing with DNS tables. I'll bite ... what's your favorite? It's not a missing feature. Microsoft office has almost-full-featured in-browser document editing ( http://www.officelive.com/en-us/ ). It actually has a really slick UI (like the desktop office), and more importantly to me, works perfectly on Linux. Edit: as another commenter mentioned, it also has co-authoring; not as slick at google docs at chatting, but it worked well for me. I think it's more of a "please store all the pictures and home videos you want, but don't use it as a HD video repository" tact. Nice try, Watson. I think it's important to note that many queries on Wolfram Alpha are VERY heavyweight--I've had complex calculations and rendering take 30 seconds to a minute to finish. It's not like Google where a query get a result in a few milliseconds. So while Terminology is not likely to be querying it with lots of formulas, I think the policy exists so a badly thought out automated querier can't accidentally put a huge load on Wolfram's engine. Owls and lots of cats have no trouble seeing at night, and still sleep for half the day. I can't think of any organism with high-level cognitive ability that doesn't sleep. I found a correlation: HN is a site full of hackers, and they upvoted it. If you don't like it, downvote it, or don't read it. Yes, that is technically the definition now, but under that logic, since a foot is precisely 0.3048 meters, you can just as easily say a foot is the length of the path travelled by light in 1/983571056 of a second. The meter was clearly originally defined by earth, and the precise definition only clarified later. Java has a very regular syntax, albeit a verbose one... but I guess the last part about Java was for different reasons. If you use an IDE like eclipse and a method isn't defined, one of the auto-correct options will be to create a placeholder method stub for it, and it will flag it with a //TODO stub to keep track of autogenerated ones. Not quite as automated, but it's pretty convenient. > (The low educational and cultural level of the US is embarassing....) doesn't really contribute anything. "The American smile does not mean anything really. Many Russians take the American smile as strange and artificial. " On the other hand, by defining the default behavior as "smile", if somebody looks unhappy, you can actually tell that something is wrong. When the default expression is "gloom", it's impossible to separate "default gloom" from "actually unhappy." Har har har. Extreme theorists don't hate applications, they just don't especially care if they exist. It might look just like trampled grass, to you, but it's Sorghum ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sorghum ) which a subsistence farmer was growing so he could feed himself, and to him it was the difference between eating and starving. It's ridiculous to glibly dismiss the farmer's worries about STARVING because you didn't see much damage in the video. And do you really think a poor village in remote Zimbabwe is going to have the electricity (and money) to put up an electric fence around all their fields? Doesn't the GPL only require you to release the code if you publicly release the software binaries? I was under the impression that if you only released the results (aka his research and papers) you aren't required to make the source open. Not to rant, but I don't understand why every mention of a Java project on here gets some kind of snarky response about Java. If you don't like Java, then don't read the article, and don't spam the comment section with "why would anyone want to use Java?" Obviously if someone is clicking this link, it's because, for whatever personal or work reasons, would like to see a Java implementation of the algorithms, and if they want a discussion of them, would click the comment section. They are not clicking the comment section, however, to hear about how you don't like the language. I found this chart from the Economist pretty interesting: http://media.economist.com/images/images-magazine/2010/34/ST... Aside from the giant spike when China decided to blow up a satellite, it seemed to be leveling out... The Collections class built into Java has a lot of timesavers like this too--singleton, singleonList, singletonMap, and Arrays has stuff like Arrays.asList( ... ). Also it's rarely important that you know the actual type of Map you're using (the interface is what's important), so you can just call Map foo = Maps.newHashMap(); Actually the == comparison is VERY consistent. == will return true only if the values are identical--in the case of primitives, this means the ints or doubles are identical, and in the case of objects it means the pointers have identical values--meaning they point to the exact same object. But this way I know that if I want to do something like change the way things stored in sets, I have to modify equals(), since that's what maps and sets use to check equality. Strings are only allowed to use + because strings were traditionally seen as primitive types, rather than the objects they are in Java. It's a small inconsistency, but more of a concession to existing practice. I'm not sure what else the "on and on" refers to... Hadoop That's what a student loan is. It's just not for a specific job. Having "Startup spirit" doesn't mean imposing a new uniform of tshirts and khakis. How is optimization not a form of search? It's a search through the solution space which tries to find a global minima or maxima. Also, of the techniques you list, simulated annealing, hill climbing and gradient-based optimization are all local search methods (genetic algorithms may or may not be, depending on your emphasis on mutation vs recombination.) Lots of families and couples have netflix collectively. I'd bet there are on average at least 2 or 3 people using each paid account. You're limited to 5 devices total... I'm not sure if you can stream on two at once. I found the "What I Learned From FarmVille - So You Don’t Have To Play It" link from a while ago very interesting: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MDqR1MJHfa98ragj2NBp7JME... Similarly though: just because you CAN do these things, doesn't mean you should. Can we finally upload files that google thinks might be executable? It's so frustrating trying to tar up and upload a working directory as a backup and then having it rejected by gmail because it included some random executable classfile. This was on reddit a week or so ago. I thought the top comment on the article there explained it reasonably, so I'm just going to quote it here: "Here's the situation: -TomTom, when you first set your GPS up, asks you if you want anonymous time/location travel data to be sent to TomTom. You can say no if you want. This has been going on for years. -TomTom sends this anonymous data to authorities and governments with the idea that it will help them know where to build new/better roads etc. This has been going on for years. -TomTom finds out that Dutch police are using this data to set up speed traps. TomTom, as a courtesy, lets everyone know what the Dutch police are doing, while they decide what to do about it. And somehow the headline we get paints TomTom as evil jerks for this? They are the ones who let you know about what Dutch police are doing. This is a press release that they issued. They are warning you." Go back to reddit. No, what would be sad would be letting politics impede scientific cooperation and progress. Luckily we only have to put up with stupidity like this for one generation. If you don't want legislators to get involved, then please stop promoting underhanded techniques which abuse browser features. That's a totally problem/domain specific assertion. A single machine with 8 or so cores simply isn't going to make it through a hundred terabytes of data, and many (most?) hadoop jobs are IO-bound anyway. If you find that micro-optimization greatly increases your performance, you probably shouldn't be using hadoop anyway... The article is interesting (I didn't realize NZ had taken such a strong step) but the "# swpatents" mess in the title is confusing and doesn't really add anything. The dump is also available via torrents from that page. But you didn't. The question I think is, is that "good reason" a reason that was relevant as our brains were evolving millions of years ago, but is irrelevant now? Our brains evolved in a way which maximized reproductive potential, and while having strong cognitive abilities was clearly favored to an extent, there was a constant tradeoff between larger brains and food/energy input. Now that we don't have the same critical food shortages, we can set our own objective functions. Ex, now most people would probably choose a brain with +50 iq points which required an extra 1000 kcals a day, but a few tens of thousands of years ago, those requirements would probably have been fatal... Not disagreeing with the rest of the article, but what's wrong with craigslist? It's super clean, simple, fast, and easy to use. What could extra javascript/flash/ajax possibly add to the site? If there was a foolproof way to make > 12% interest, the credit card company would have invested in it instead of investing in you. Pay off your debt. I don't know about libraries in California specifically, but traditionally libraries get most of their funding at the municipal level (funded by the cities). It depends on whether you consider the purpose as technically enabling the spreading of information/books, or actually encouraging people to go and read and study. Sure people are able to go and buy or download each of the books in there, but IMO kids still gain a ton from wandering around the stacks until they find something interesting. It's also a good way to impress upon kids the huge amount of gathered knowledge out there, and how important it is to make use of it... 1) you don't need $500k+ in funding to build a successful software company. 2) this is especially true living in a part of the country with a reasonable cost of living. Somewhere like Missouri, $50k is two reasonable years of runway for a single 20-something (even in a metro area like St Louis, you'll be able to rent for ~$400 .) 3) it's pretty ridiculous (and arrogant) to assume that nowhere else in the country can you get investors. I have no idea what cultural rock you have lived under, St Louis is a city like any other. If you make an effort to look for it, it does indeed a cultural scene (St Louis symphony, Fox theater), and an intellectual scene (Washington University.) I'm sorry you haven't found more than a couple people who "enjoy thinking", but with that kind of arrogance it's more likely they're just avoiding you. I hate going on reddit because of flamebait moronic comments like these. Time to find a new news aggregator... Seems pedantic, but a lot of people use punctuation as a signal. Couldn't hurt to capitalize properly. It's not about rewarding you for being healthy, it's about charging people for the resources (eg, jet fuel) which they consume. Whether your weight is from fat or muscles, you are costing the airline more than the 75kg person next to you. > that's the only market they really dominate Office "When a butterfly flaps its tentacles in Japan..." Really cool! One idea-- it would be awesome if I could set up an account with a list of topics I have experience in (maybe just pulled from linkedin?), and be automatically notified when an application relevant to my knowledge is submitted. I bet there would be thousands of people happy to chime in once a week / month when a patent in a specific field they have experience in was submitted. It would be a great way to build up a base of expert knowledge without requiring people to be constantly polling the site. Heh, too many buzzwords? I was trying to think of a simpler title, but didn't make too much progress... That mindset is what got us into the IPv4 mess we're in right now. Why? It's great either way. If improvements to Ubuntu help get people into linux, and they choose to stay on Ubuntu rather than move to Debian, how is that not a win? Thinkpad W530, 16Gb, i7-3820QM, 1920x1080 res. Nvidia graphics, easily supports 4 external 1920x1080 monitors via docking station. Pretty awesome. I'm sick of seeing nothing else on the front page. I'll go to reddit/r/politics when I want constant updates on his flight itinerary. I'm not trying to make any philosophical statements. My problem is the HN coverage right now is not insightful, it's a paparazzi-level tracking of everything he says and does. In a couple months when the details have been filtered from the blogspam, maybe we can have an insightful discussion. Right now it is nothing of the sort. Yeah.. sadly I had to temporarily turn turn off the script to read the comments. Thread got hellbanned I guess. Hopefully it didn't ban my account as well. "Hacker" now optional. The word "literally" does not mean what you think it means. Please for the love of god keep the shitty memes on reddit. How is this at all relevant? The GPL is always available to read (and usually included in full text in the project.) This is about having to agree to terms you don't have access to even if you want them. I'm not a web developer, sorry in advance for any problems with the site... first non-Java project in a while. Adding a few of my own peeves: 4. Bitcoin is inherently deflationary, which is an awful idea if you talk to anyone who knows anything about money 5. Bitcoin is fundamentally backed by pointlessly wasting CPU cycles and wasting energy trying to reverse hashes. You absolutely have 4 backwards. Deflation is good for those rich enough to have money sitting around, and who can make money just by sitting on it and not investing it. Inflation is bad for the rich because suddenly they have to DO something with the money, or it disappears. Most transactions now do not involve cash, and credit card transactions are in fact far more energy-efficient than bitcoin transactions. And it is not just using energy to "create something of value"--it is an artificial waste of energy barrier. Furthermore, there will be an energy cost to transactions even after no substantial number of bitcoins are mined, since just verifying transactions requires wasteful hashing. The solar energy part is totally irrelevant--if you happen to have a solar panel sitting around, you could just as easily use it for actual work (and offset coal burning) rather than computing hashes. There's no need to be pointlessly snarky. Nobody has any idea how many units of the Ubuntu edge will "sell", because it's not for sale yet. It's ridiculous to consider an $800 commitment to back a product which will exist a year from now at best a "sale". What the hell are you talking about? How the hell does drivel like this get upvoted? I think many developers complain about recruiters as a way of subtly bragging about how many people want to hire them. Secretly, they'd be kind of disappointed if the emails stopped coming. I'm not trying to say the recruiters are pleasant or anything. I just feel like the amount of complaining about recruiter emails is disproportionate to how inconvenient they actually are. There's nothing wrong with disliking the emails--a lot of people get recruiter emails and just silently ignore them; a few complain loudly about them, and that's who I'm talking about. In the US once a certain number of people hold stock you have additional financial disclosure laws. But if it's owned by a single owner / family, you're never forced to go public regardless of revenue. That wouldn't make any sense, since you'd basically be forcing the owners to sell their shares whether they wanted to or not. When all you know how to use is a hammer, everything looks like a nail... If you think someone else's idea is a good idea, there's nothing shameful about working for "someone else's dream." Your motivation in anything you do should be that you are doing something that will make the world a better place, whether or not it was "your idea." If you think someone has a great idea that you want to happen, then join in. Your motivation shouldn't be making yourself famous. The bar chart is straight from Google docs, which just auto-scaled however it saw fit. I tried to present the numbers first to be clear about the absolute range. Rapleaf's API provides income given an email address, when available. I ran the list of emails from the git commit log across that API, which only gives me data points for the users who have income data available. Is there really any way to correct for the fact that not all the data is going to be available? It certainly doesn't exclude a sampling bias, which I did mention in the post, possibly not aggressively enough. No, but people who contribute to VimL projects (among other projects) do get paid for something. Yeah, those are definitely all possible. I would have preferred to use personal income but it's not available via the API, and I figured that using household income was better than nothing. You're getting downvoted because - You just made up article titles to prove your point. - You call out the USA for no particular reason, because your arguments apply equally to other countries. - You don't provide any alternative to "science", which according to you is inherently flawed, which makes pretty much any discussion with you pointless. Totally with you. I can't imagine using a language where I can't create easily re-usable data structures. It feels like a huge step backwards. Comments like this are why hacker news is so frustrating now. It's a rant about TI calculators which doesn't address any of the points made in the article itself, yet is sitting at the top of the comments. If you want to talk about TI calculators in general, write a blog post and post it here or something, but I don't see why this mostly-unrelated comment needs to dominate any discussion about the actual points being discussed in the article. Internet yesterday: "YouTube comments are the cesspool of the internet, and you will lose brain cells by reading them" Internet today: "Anonymous and uncensored YouTube comments are the only thing standing between us and a dystopian surveillance state overseen by Google+" I understand there are there are tradeoffs, but so much of the hate seems to be arbitrary anti-Google ranting. JVM security concerns are irrelevant when you are running a desktop application. You aren't running it as root, and you aren't executing arbitrary code as if you were running applets. If arbitrary code is able to access the JVM on your computer, then you already have arbitrary code running on your computer. If you're truly worried about the second point, to run JetBrains software all you need is to download the jvm somewhere on your system (it's just a directory) and set the JAVA_HOME variable before starting it: export JAVA_HOME=/my/install/dir; bin/pycharm.sh There is really no conceivable way that your browser would be scanning your operating system looking for a downloaded JVM (if it does that, it's not a browser, it's a virus.) If you truly are religiously against jvm it's w/e to me, but the security concerns are not valid. Total information is not the same as informative labeling. Companies are not allowed to label the absence of irrelevant things for good reason--when a food is labeled as "X-free", X should in some way be something worth avoiding for some people (if you want a trans-fat-free / carb-free / gluten-free diet, etc.) This is what consumers expect when they see a label advertising the absence of something--that it is worth avoiding. If you are allowed to put completely irrelevant or misleading labels, companies could "distinguish" their brands with other nonsense: "Biotin free!" "No added Niacin!" "No synthetic Pyridoxine!" Does any consumer realize that these are in fact not things you should be avoiding? Of course not, and they shouldn't have to. So if you start letting companies label food as GMO free, most people will be misled because they expect the labeling to be because of a scientific reason the food is worth avoiding--when there is of course absolutely no scientific basis to fear GMO foods. IntelliJ does an amazingly good job of Javascript + html + CSS code completion, inspection, and reformatting. I primarily program in Java and I expected basically no IDE support for Javascript, but I was pleasantly surprised when it started warning me that imported files don't exist, my jquery selectors don't match any element IDs, my CSS is invalid, etc etc etc. If you do feel like booting up an IDE... Intellij's Javscript refactoring is really impressive. "95% uncertainty interval 48,000–751,000" I understand the value in trying to quantify this, but it's difficult to really conclude anything useful when your upper and lower confidence intervals vary by 15x I don't toss this around lightly, but Wal-Mart is one of the very few companies I absolutely always do business with because it is cheap, reliable, and I hate going to multiple stores on a single shopping trip. If you are at a large company with a data-driven marketing department (hint: the good ones are), the statement "Well, we definitely proved that there's absolutely no correlation between our manager's new initiative and online sales; that small spike we saw was within seasonal variation" will be much appreciated and valued. The data scientist doesn't need to report to the head of Marketing, and won't feel any pressure to make someone else's manager look good. The post is referencing a different problem. This is the scenario described: 1) since the exchanges can't discriminate on pre-existing conditions, many people with expensive pre-existing conditions in need of treatment will sign up. 2) because a high percentage of the new customers to the new plans need expensive treatments, insurance companies are forced to raise the rates on the new plans to cover costs 3) after seeing the higher insurance rates, healthy people quit the plan since their expected healthcare costs are lower 4) repeat steps 2 and 3 until very few people can both afford to be in the plan and have very pressing healthcare needs. Maybe some good will come of having a dsyfunctional congress unable to pass new legislation. I know it's been said before, but to reiterate: outrage doesn't help anything, but buying products from these companies DOES hurt. If you're truly outraged enough to want to take action, take action - writing to your representatives - donating to the EFF or other organizations - by not donating another $2k to Apple for a new Mac*, implicitly endorsing these bullshit tactics - not developing for those platforms (App Store, etc) Leaving comments here expressing outrage isn't really helping. If you don't notice that you're out 20K... you should probably just give your money to a financial planner instead. Why would China not like bitcoin? They can - track all financial transactions by all people to find dissidents and find NGO funding sources - throw 10% of a datacenter at it whenever they feel like it and pull off a 51% attack - lock up a huge number of bitcoins via the above point My understanding was that since Florida is essentially at sea level the water table was high enough that it would not be safe or practical to put electrical wires underground. Could be wrong though. Bt-Corn is resistive to insects and has nothing to do with herbicides. The goal is to not require as many pesticides. Also, Roundup is no longer under patent protections ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roundup_(herbicide) ), so farmers can buy roundup from a variety of sources. Crime rates in the United States (both violent and property) have been dropping for decades-- variety of charts here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crime_in_the_United_States . I could hunt for more original sources but I promise they are not at all hard to find, it is a very well-established trend. Open-source visualization of our solar neighborhood: http://uncharted.bpodgursky.com/ (source https://github.com/bpodgursky/uncharted ) "What we have gained in efficiency and by avoiding the overuse of scarce and potentially environmentally damaging inputs, we may be losing in the connections of the farm family to the ancestral place." What a stupid quote. If it's a tradeoff, call it a tradeoff--you are not losing environmental savings by losing the "connection of the farm family to the ancestral place", you are trading something sentimental for direct benefits to the environment and cheaper food. Uruguay's population is 3.3 million, which is a bit smaller than Oklahoma, for comparison. It's not shocking to me that a head of state of a small country like that doesn't have all the trappings and security a of a country of 100mm / 300mm / a billion people. Oh I'm sure they COULD if they really wanted one, you just don't generally have the same security concerns you have with a large country. It's just not as surprising to me that they decided they didn't need one. I agree with you on stuff like schools, firemen, and healthcare. But it's a different calculation for a head of state. When 300mm people look to an individual as a leader (rather than 3mm people) there are 100x as many threats to their security via disgruntled citizens, crazy people, etc, so physical security has to scale. It's like saying, "why does the mayor of my town not need the same number of secret service as the president?" There are just far fewer things they feel the need to defend from. East St Louis is not in St Louis. It's (1) in Illinois and (2) across the Mississippi river, and there is a 0% chance of accidentally wandering there. I guess I just don't understand this mindset. I prefer food that tastes good, and don't really care whether 10 or 1,000,000 other people are able to enjoy it as well. Doesn't hurt me if they can reproduce it on a mass scale. I see 5 results. Also, if you click on "sorted by date" rather than "sorted by relevance, a lot more appear. It's shocking that nobody mentions minimum wage increases as at least part of the cause here. When in some places the starting wage can't be lower than $10/hr, of course it's going to be challenging for college or high school students to get an employer to take a risk on them. Natural selection at work. Just to save everyone else the time I spent reading wikipedia ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zacarias_Moussaoui ), there is no question that Zacarius: (1) knew about the plans for 9/11, although he wasn't selected to participate in that attack (2) was planning a separate attack via plane on the white house, but was arrested first (3) was taking flying classes to prepare for that attack This is tangental to the quite valid original article, but claiming that Zacarus was "framed" is an enormous distortion of the facts. The fact is, outside the echo chambers of HN and reddit--and even within, by a silent minority at least--people simply don't worry about NSA / etc concerns enough to let it affect their day to day life. I'm one of those. This isn't to say I endorse in any way what's going on (and I've written to my congressional representatives to that extent), but whether rationally or irrationally I am really not concerned about NSA surveillance affecting me personally. Will it negatively affect the nation as a whole, sure, but I honestly don't think wearing Glass (once the price drops enough I'd even consider buying one) will pose an real threat to me. So yeah, I do think it's a remotely good idea, as long it's useful to me otherwise. Because I'm American, and while I'm not really a fan of most of the shit they're pulling, it's still more likely to be in my interest (or less against my interests) than whatever the PLA has in mind. > It's not like my programming knowledge is solid enough to pass a technical interview. Don't convince yourself of that. A ton of companies are looking for smart people with good number and data skills who are able to expand their programming skills as needed. Being able to learn new skills IMO is a lot more valuable than being a 10 year expert in a particular language. It's also odd that there's no "browse all projects" or "find projects to back" option, only a few hand-curated options. No discovery options at all. You missed an "A". It's a common mistake. NSA does the spying, NASA explores space. It'd be a shame if someone accidentally boycotted the wrong one. It's possible, but my profile is set to "Share with everyone" and I still got a notification a few weeks ago asking me whether I wanted to change mine back to "Share only with friends", so I wouldn't assume the worst. The security concerns of in-browser java and java on a server are completely different. I rarely if ever see security problems for servers running on the jvm. Almost all problems are with applets. Theft can destroy a lot more value than the goods themselves: - stolen goods are hard to sell, and like others have mentioned credit cards are re-sold to others who make most of the profit - even if there is a suspicion that a card has been stolen, it is often re-issued, causing a lot of operational cost even if it was not actually among those stolen A lot of other options too like others have mentioned. Advertising a food as GMO free is banned for good reason. Labeling is supposed to be informative to the consumer, and alert them to nutritional information about the food which could impact their health--and GMO foods have decisively been shown to have no health impact. If food manufacturers were free to advertise the absence of irrelevant nutrients, they would immediately begin barraging consumers with useless or harmful information-- "now free of pyridoxal phosphate!" "no phylloquinone used in the production of this cereal!" Should the average consume have to know that these are actually vitamin K and B6? Of course not, the nutrition facts are there to inform them, and the FDA makes sure it cannot be used just for branding purposes or to confuse the consumer. Since GMO food is unequivocally proven safe, the manufacturer will not be helping the consumer make an informed decision by advertising the absence. IMO Gradle has made huge improvements the past couple years (when I first started using it a few years ago it was incredibly unstable) but if you are a semi-power user of Maven I think you're going to find yourself frustrated using gradle still for a couple reasons (I've looked into this for my work recently, moving away from Ivy). Note I haven't extensively used Gradle, this is just from research: - Intellij has incredible Maven support, and by this point almost all the bugs have been worked out. Gradle support is improving, but our company has dozens of modules, a mix of Java / Clojure source code, and depends heavily on Intellij automatic source linking working correctly, dependency propagation working 100% successfully, etc, and it's really easy for small bugs to become blockers. Last I checked there were still a number of pretty frustrating bugs related to this - The Jenkins maven plugin is great, and the Gradle one is mediocre. For example, it does not even handle automatic triggering of downstream builds (this is absolutely critical for us https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-19941 ) - Gradle pretty decent plugin support by now, but is not yet as exhaustive as what you'll find with Maven (there's a maven plugin for basically everything now) - This may have been resolved, but I had issues configuring getting Gradle to update snapshot dependencies, which was really important to us. In the end I decided to migrate to Maven to avoid these headaches. I think I will try to use Gradle for personal projects, but I don't feel comfortable migrating our company stack there yet. 1) I don't think it's possible this is the final version of the redesign, because there's no way Google would remove Hangouts visibility from gmail 2) It seems like hipster designers are competing to find new and flashy ways to waste enormous amount of my screen on useless whitespace Let's please evaluate the current article on its own merits. I'm really tired of the new witch-hunt-as-acceptable mentality on here and the news. It's frustrating reading the comments and seeing it filled with complaints about unrelated articles by the same author. To put it delicately, you'll find that Israelis and Swiss living in the US are not the ones committing the gun violence. > Experts in the country question whether these requests have any legal authority As much as it sucks that Twitter is forced to do this, the government of neither Russia or Pakistan has a legal system which I would trust to fully respect the rule of law in this matter--either is likely to simply block the service if the requests are not acknowledged. As principled as Google's stand was in refusing to pull an offensive video, it probably did more to stifle the free flow of information than had they pulled the "offensive" video on request. At least that way people would have an idea of which specific videos the government didn't want them to see, rather than the entire site being blocked out. I like the idea of opening gmail up to developers via a public API, but I don't like that it comes at the cost of removing support for an open standard like IMAP. I'm worried that API access could be cut back or eliminated entirely in the future depending on developer uptake, leaving gmail entirely inaccessible to third-party applications. Edit: I'm going off of this sentence: >It will replace IMAP, a common but complex way for applications to communicate with most email services, limiting the number of apps that can work with Gmail Maybe it's misleading, but it sounds like the plan is to drop support. Have you looked into setting up your projects as modules? I have dozens of modules in a project with no issues. If the projects are related there are benefits like source code linking too. I think a lot of people here are making too much out of the fact that there's no extradition treaty with the Maldives. An extradition treaty would simply mean that they were more or less obligated to extradite the hacker if the US requested (and vice-versa for the US). But the Maldives are a sovereign nation--if they are OK with the US taking him into custody, their government is free to let that happen, treaty or not. The only thing which would indicate wrongdoing is if the Maldives filed a protest against the US for the abduction (suggesting it wasn't complicit). Where are you shopping? While the average american supermarket (Kroger, Gerbes, Safeway, Wal-Mart) has a lot of unhealthy food available, there are also a lot of fresh fruit and vegetables. Whole foods is a REALLY bad example of the average cost of food in the US--it's well known for being expensive and catering to the organic/locally grown/whatever crowd. You're not going to get an accurate idea of US food prices shopping there. There's no evidence to speak of in the article--just calculations speculating that the success rate should be low. At best, it calls for Israel to produce evidence that the system is indeed working. It's an admission that the world is changing and they have to keep up. > I'm not a racist, but when a country has almost no IP protections and artificially limits access to international competitors via a firewall, it sets up an environment where copying other peoples' work is a very low-risk and profitable proposition. This is a 5,000 year plan. It would be ridiculous to try to estimate what fraction of the globe could afford geoengineering in 2,000 years (if I'm taking a random guess, I'm saying either all of it or none of it). I suspect that when you get up to 250kg you run into stability issues as much as strength issues. Even if you could lift it easily, it would be really tricky to hold it in a way that you won't tip over and drop it. To be a tad cynical, in the US, "diverse" is often a synonym for non-white. Nothing pollutes java source more than code which REQUIRES setter methods for functionality. If you have classes which require constant mutable access to internal state, your design is probably flawed. > Could be a case of evolutionary dynamics at play in the system. IF the typos mattered, then dumb scammers would have been weeded out. OR, those who were able to produce high-quality grammatical English were able to find better jobs than running 419 scams. If it's an issue which is remotely controversial and they are making useful contributions, I agree. If they are astroturfing for a country which is actively invading another sovereign nation, and lying through their teeth about it... I'm sorry, but you're not contributing to the discussion but instead are just spreading misinformation and your comment is not useful. Not all opinions are equally valid. Totally unscientific, but my personal theory is that exposure to different visual / audio stimulation can make the brain jump to different paths when working on different problems, and taking a walk makes me experience more stuff than I will by sitting in the same chair all the time. The brain doesn't seem to work well in a vacuum, so if you spend all day staring at the same four walls, it might let you focus, but there's not a lot of entropy coming in to make you think in different ways. 50% interest over how many years? I never ever hold a credit card balance but even I would not be able to turn down a capped loan over decades if I wasn't getting punished for it. Like others have said I think open sourcing was always unlikely. But I think a real clean mod api is a real possibility now. This poll is a spectacular example of selection bias, and the uselessness of polls. There's not a chance in hell that 20% of active Dropbox users have stopped using it, even among tech circles. I would be amazed if even 20% knew about this in the first place, and amazed if as much as 1/10 of those people truly stopped using Dropbox. Alibaba is a pretty bad example to use, because Yahoo made $9.4 billion because they DID invest in Alibaba early on. Imo forever war is amazing, but stranger in a strange land devolves into bizarre fantasy. I'd strongly recommend the former if you're more interested in hard sci fi and the implications of real accurate (ish) relativistic travel. Act fast, the price of Bitcoin is also quickly trending towards the negatives : ) I'm happy to trade my $35/mo cell phone bill in exchange for the 12% marginal tax rate California adds. IMO Huxley's predictions are much harder to appreciate given the relativity of cultural norms to what we grew up experiencing. While it's certainly possible to be desensitized to totalitarian oppression, I think it's harder to really appreciate the a more gradual cultural shift wrt acceptance of mood-altering prescription drugs, sexuality, mass market entertainment, etc. Not scientific in the slightest, I just think it's easier to miss the subtler ways that Huxley's predictions have been realized. Having photos on my own external hard drive is an enormous liability. Even ignoring the risk of a fire / theft / loss (not to mention the hassle itself of backing them up locally), drives fail. > have a pretty big downloading task ahead of you to get all these images and move them elsewhere I would say instead you have an enormous uploading task ahead of you to move 2 Tb of photos from your HDD into the cloud somewhere. Plus, the main reason I have photos is to share them with other people. If I'm going to end up uploading them somewhere else, it's just easier. I know opinions differ on privacy, but I honestly could not care less who sees my vacation photos. The vast majority of UN nations are ruled by undemocratic and corrupt regimes. Why should they have any say over who runs my DNS? Inter-breeding success isn't always all-or-none. A lot of the time you'll get sterile or un-viable offspring when the species are on the brink of incompatibility. So the fact that it was successful some of the time (which is clear now) doesn't necessarily mean most offspring survived. Large scale immigration is just passing the buck down onto a currently-poorer country. But poor countries aren't going to stay human-meat factories forever, and sooner rather than later someone is going to have to figure out a way to maintain an industrialized society with a stable population. But will it be any easier for them to get permanently residency after? There's no point in doubling the number of people going through college and working on OPT if there's a hard cap on the number which can convert those to H-1Bs or (eventually) into green cards. I think that's simplistic. It lets any energy source with access to seawater store energy in a very energy-dense medium, eg gasoline. Oceanic wind-turbines, solar panels, nuclear generators on the ocean, etc. Certainly more useful short-term for the navy, but could definitely be extended to civilian uses. Someone has to be below average. Dunno why it's sadder to have unemployed Californians than unemployed Virginians. You're working in Intellij, it's the same number of keystrokes (the entire block is generated on If you like Gradle fine, but this is a really stupid thing to make that choice over. Did you even read? In like the second paragraph, it points out: > Judging the world through headlines is like judging a city by spending a night in A&E – you only see the worst problems. I've always known intellectually that the Saturn V was an absurdly powerful rocket, but I think this is the comparison that really drove it home > [T]he power output of the Saturn first stage was 60 gigawatts. This happens to be very similar to the peak electricity demand of the United Kingdom. As they say... nobody ever got fired for buying AWS. If phone manufacturers weren't in a constant race to cut the last .1 oz off of their phones while still being barely-sufficient to get through a day, this wouldn't even be an issue. I'd be happy to double my phone's weight for 3 days of life. I appreciate that Facebook open-sources their libraries, but they have an awful habit of dumping source code on Github and then continuing to develop it internally without pushing those changes back out. For example, Facebook open-sourced Thrift, then proceeded to develop it internally, and recently released out a fork of thrift, not merging anything back into the original tree. Likewise, they open-sourced Corona a few years ago, their Hadoop fork, and I'm pretty sure that branch has been abandoned too. So I'm really hesitant to start using any projects out of Facebook unless they develop some processes to actually maintain these projects. It's not as sinister as it sounds. You have to upgrade capacity to handle the power produced by neighborhood capacity or you burn out the lines. I wonder if a mandatory national service or conscription would work to pull some people out of their bubble. I'm not in love with the idea in general, but if you can stop someone from wasting their whole life... Probably way too late to get noticed here, but while I think the THREAT of Title II might be useful to keep ISPs in line, it would be a pretty rash move to actually reclassify broadband. The US has painfully little competition in most areas, there is no debate about that. But new technology has been fixing that, albeit slowly, via increasingly expansive and competitive 4G, Satellite, and even improvements in moving data across copper wires or existing phone lines (not going to get you 100mb service, but quite plausibly "good enough" that you can realistically threaten Comcast with quitting service.) I don't want to get in a libertarian vs flame war, but the fact is, it is far easier to regulate than deregulate when it becomes unnecessary. If the non-competitive market we have now is an artifact of old technology and installation costs, it would be a mistake to set up a regulatory infastructure we won't be able to roll back. It's far more complex than this. A lot of meat --free-range cattle and sheep particularly--is raised on land which is not arable for traditional crops. Farmed fish too, when farmed responsibly, can provide a lot of food on "land" which could not have produced other food. Honestly... given that likely millions of people read about this yesterday, I think it's showing of how ineffective internet donations can be that it was a worldwide top story and only generate a few hundred thousand dollars. If only one project can be in the spotlight a day, there aren't that many projects that can get a respectable amount of funding this way. Beer historically was 1-2% alcohol. "Drinking only beer" was not impractical at that strength, unlike modern beer. I use HN because I can never trust whether anymore whether Google is really loading from a remote source or is just doing some aggressive caching magic (or whether Chrome just has the Google homepage baked in now). IMO the rise of aggressive ad-blocking extensions has spoiled a good thing for everyone. I don't believe that Mozilla has any innate desire to lock-down users and prevent them from customizing their browsers, but making a browser is now an expensive and complicated project, and both Firefox and Chrome are bankrolled by companies which make their revenue primarily via advertising (Google + Yahoo, Google). It's clear that Google will never make the same mistake with mobile Chrome -- it will never be extensible, because they have no desire to sacrifice that advertising revenue. I doubt it will be more than a year or two before the Mozilla app store is purged of ad-blocking extensions, if they ever make it in. I don't want to get in some flamewar about "oh but ads are so bad, I can't help but install adblock". They suck, and I'm not accusing anyone of acting in anything other than their personal best interests, but I think everyone should acknowledge that this is the natural end-game. I think the minivan concept makes a lot of sense. The demographic that is likely to own a minivan is likely to have their own garage, which makes charging no hassle. A family with a minivan most likely has a second car they could use for long-distance driving, making range anxiety less of a problem. And they are likely to have the disposable income to invest in an electric car in the first place. I'm a "power user" and I'm doing fine with a 64GB partition. I use a ton of RAM and CPU but I don't have any need to store digital media with Netflix / Amazon / etc. Bt plants (like Bt corn) are specifically engineered to not require pesticides. So to start, your 99% is wildly inaccurate. Also, a lot of promising GMO projects focus around enriching vitamin content (golden rice) or making plants more drought-resistant. And about roundup-ready crops: "The EPA considered a "worst case" dietary risk model of an individual eating a lifetime of food derived entirely from glyphosate-sprayed fields with residues at their maximum levels. This model indicated that no adverse health effects would be expected under such conditions." "Early epidemiological studies have not found associations between long-term low-level exposure to glyphosate and any disease." (off of the wikipedia article: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glyphosate#Human ) I'm playing snake... in a Windows defragmenter, in JavaScript. I'm lost for words. I'm sorry, but that is at best an incredibly simplistic view. Russia got a lot of military supplies from the west, and Germany spent a huge portion of its air capacity on britan. If the allies hadn't taken north Africa and the mideast back, Germany would not have run out of oil either. Your claim is just wishful thinking, not history. What I don't fully understand is, usually when scientists try to preserve rare species, there is a critical mass under which there isn't enough genetic diversity to preserve the species (I've seen ~30 quoted for some rare mammals). But in this case, just two individuals were able to start a viable population. Why are these insects different? I can only think of a couple reasons... - since these insects have a r-selection curve, it's ok if 90% of the offspring are genetic defects, you can always produce another 1,000 eggs - the insects had maintained such a small population for so long that any critical defects had been bred out But I'd be interested to hear from a real biologist. Edit: oops, meant r-selection, not k-selection The founding fathers envisioned a militia which could counter and if necessary overthrow a standing army. They unquestionably envisioned a militia having all weapons that the army had. (note: everything here is scoped to the Java/JVM ecosystem.) Not to flamebait, but as someone who has worked extensively with large Java / Clojure projects, the only reasons you would use Emacs are - when working with a toy project (only one module, no complex dependencies or scoping - intertia (or less kindly, stubbornness) - ignorance I have nothing against command line tools. As a linux user, I use Vim whenever possible and it makes sense. But when you are using a large modern Java application, especially one built on a framework (ex Hadoop) with a complex dependency chain and command line classpath manipulation, you are going to go insane trying to manage everything in Emacs. Intellij gives you many huge tools - JUnit integration and debugging. I don't know if Emacs in theory supports this, but I am sure no plugin will correctly parse dependency chains and let you debug a test well - Finding references and usages. You can find all usages of a method or class across an entire codebase with a few keyboard shortcuts in Intellij. This is hugely valuable when figuring out what teams are impacted by changes. Grepping for usage simply does not cut it (grep for .get()? hah.) - Safe refactoring. Want to rename a method? Just refactor it, and everything will compile afterwards, including all usages, and if you want, all superclasses or interfaces which define the method. Incredible. - Style and safety warnings. The method recurses infinitely? You're getting the wrong type out of the map? A local variable is unused? Intellij will do them all. Not a chance, unless your IDE is integrated with a real compiler. I could spend all day filling in this list, but you get the idea. You can waste time playing around writing Java in Emacs, but at the end of the day my goal is getting real work done. I assure you, if inflation reached 10+%, most every voter in the US would know what the Fed does and what they wanted it to do instead. The non-conspiracy fact is the Fed has stayed quiet during the past 7 years because it has done a remarkably good job compared to their conservative-to-the-point-of-incompetency European counterparts. Europeans are quite familiar with ECB policy, because it has handled the crisis so astoundingly badly. Even the most cursory analysis makes it obvious your numbers are ridiculous. 20% inflation during 6 years of Obama would make items, on average, 3x as expensive as they were in 2008-- is your food 3x as expensive? housing? gas? Personally I've found dagre-d3 to be by far the best library when presenting actual useful graph data: https://github.com/cpettitt/dagre-d3 . dagre is a layout library which implements graphviz in javascript, and renders it in d3. d3's force-directed layout is great for demos, but I've never found it good enough when trying to represent real data. (edit: a link to my own simple, albeit demo, page using the library: http://nlpviz.bpodgursky.com/home ) > It is a social problem. You should question your assumption. While there is without question a social element, there is growing evidence that IQ is at least 50/50 heritable. Not to mention birth defects and other genetic disorders which can only be kept under control now by people with enough money to get their kids therapy, rehab, etc. So in fact putting people on an equivalent genetic playing field is a great way to give an investment to the children of the current underprivileged . (edit: think about it this way -- health care costs are currently a kind of regressive tax, as it takes a larger portion of the poor's income than the wealthy. so anything to lower overall treatment costs will help reduce inequality.) > Why is a couple's (or a mothers) choice to have children more important than what I choose to do in life? Because at a fundamental level, a society continuing to exist is predicated on people continuing to have children. Your art does not fit that criteria. Cities in the United states have no authority not granted to them by the state. If the people of Florida felt strongly about it and organized, they could have the speeding zone removed. It is to avoid competing with paid private news companies on uneven terms, since they get funding from the gov. > "And good luck. (You'll need that too.)" I think that acknowledges that luck is also a prerequisite. Seriously. It seems like there are many very easy technical fix the markets could implement -- - hard-cap the number of cancellations a trader can order - penalize traders if they have too many cancelled orders (delay further transactions) - add a cost to cancellation Why does this require police action? Is the exchange just using the police as a bulldog to avoid having to implement technical fixes for these problems? There's a more likely outcome -- Chrome will simply remove plugin capability if the adblocker install base gets too large. Mobile Chrome already doesn't allow plugins, and this is definitely a huge part of the reason why. Yeah... no > At least OBL had a valid reason ( for ppl who don't know this - he did it as a revenge to what israel was doing in Lebanon ). Not even going to touch that. The fact is, the US operates out of Pakistan with Pakistan's permission. If Pakistan ordered the US to leave their airbases and stop doing strikes, the US would have to, or lose a ton of forward bases. A few thousand US personnel in Pakistan isn't going to stand a chance if Pakistan tried to forcibly remove these drone bases. Yes Pakistan's government complaints publicly about these strikes, but that's all PR -- they know they don't have a military capable of maintaining their own sovereignty in Waziristan, and need US support there. But they won't admit that publicly. Maybe I'm not the usual passenger, but I realized recently that it's been many years since I've been on a plane larger than a 737 -- and I fly at least once a month. Most of my flights are to/from reasonable sized but not megacities (SF, St Louis, Kansas City, Nashville, Charleston, Phoenix, etc), and since I try for direct flights, I almost always end up on Embraer 145 or 175 or similar small planes. I think at long as gas prices aren't too high, far more passengers are going to pay a small premium for direct flights on smaller economy planes, and stay away from the 380s and 747s. I couldn't care less if I'm on a fancy plane with a video screen etc -- having to make a connection is 100x worse. There's actually a strong argument that the current congressional gridlock is due to representatives / senators flying into Washington Monday morning and flying back home thursday night, leaving very little time for casual conversations or backroom negotiations (which are vital to actually getting anything passed, as dirty as it sounds) The original pattern setup might have been better, where congressmen moved to Washington for 4-6 months a year along with their families, because there was no other option. But it's harder now to do that with working spouses, and also because they would be eviscerated by challengers locally as being permanent Washington elitists. How is this relevant? It would be really great if this was implemented in stream-lib ( https://github.com/addthis/stream-lib ), which is a pretty standard library for HLL counters. Also, the community supporting that lib is very familiar with the mathematics behind these structures, and would be be better able to critique the error rates and such. In Java or C++, there's a reasonable expectation that common popular libraries will keep getting updated for quite a while after you start using them... mindshare doesn't hemorrhage rapidly. Not remotely true with JavaScript. Something which got 2k stars on gitub this year might be on the way out in a year, and you'll be stuck figuring out whether it still works with the new version of d3.js, or on the newest Chrome... and if it doesn't you have to either move on or fix it yourself. Decades? I would say it took centuries at least. The basic design hasn't changed since the middle ages. Going to be contrarian here. I see in other comments > costs millions of tax payer dollars because of the long appeals processes Well... yes, but the alternative is that you throw someone in prison for life (likely without parole). And since there is no upcoming "event" to force an appeals process (aka execution), it will just never happen. Is that really a better fate for someone wrongfully accused? If you are sentencing them to life in a cage, be honest and call it a death penalty. So sure you can save some money by getting rid of the death penalty, but it is not likely to make Justice any better served, it will just make you feel better and leave people in prison forever without a guaranteed appeals process. This chart wouldn't take into account the various subsidies you would get if you were actually making $13/hr as a single parent -- housing assistance, food stamps, medicaid, welfare itself, etc. The effective income -- after all assistance is accounted for -- is going be far higher than the quoted hourly wage. Not my project, but I just ran across it on a mailing list, and I really like the idea. Planning on using it on a test project soon. If you don't think a 3 bed house (parents and two kids) and some trivial exposure to nature is a reasonable expectation for a normal worker/employee, that says something sad about this over-urbanization trend. It's either uninformed or a hit piece, if it doesn't cite SOX as the main cause. Either way adds nothing to the general public understanding. Leave it to the NYT to not even consider minimum wage increases as a contributing cause of unemployment for new or unskilled workers. Bay area house prices are not proportional (even discarding the effects of higher marginal tax rates). 150K salary for a million dollar house is not easy; 150k house on 50k salary (and a 3x salary difference is a bit of an exaggeration, while house prices are not) is much more plausible. That's because half of the TPP comments on this kind of article are astroturfing by the Chinese, and the rest are suckers who don't realize they're along for the ride. > Many of those Federal agents are just 9-to-5 guys, probably not too bright, quite content to make a good middle class living. I'm sure there are also a lot of very bright 9-to-5 guys as well. Just saying... That's my point. Lumping 9-5 in with "not too bright" gives the false association of "working normal hours" with "not being productive". There are plenty of ambitious, bright workers who manage to get it done in normal hours. > Do you realize that the 850 billion dollar bank bailout; that sum of money is greater than the entire fifty year running budget of NASA. I'm not disagreeing with the general sentiment, but I don't like when people mis-use this example. The bank bailout was repaid in full--it was a loan. It didn't in the end cost the government anything. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Troubled_Asset_Relief_Program "TARP revenue has totaled $441.7 billion on $426.4 billion invested.[3]" It's a very strange dichotomy that $10 for a training or learning position is considered oppressive, but if it was unpaid (internship) or the trainee had to pay tuition for classes, it would be totally a non-issue. Eh, the other comments are overreacting. If I was vomiting constantly, of course I wouldn't try to work. But if I felt contagious-but-not-really-impaired, just sneezing or whatnot, I don't see any reason personally why sitting (at home) at a computer and watching Netflix is going to help me recover faster than sitting (at home) at a computer and working. Ah yes, updated. I assume you don't have a spare tire in that case. Or jumper cables? How will they avoid sampling bias by getting reviews from the ones who died? Properties siezed through eminent domain are compensated at fair market value... So that would be pretty pointless by definition. Everyone loses union dues. High performers lose high compensation relative to the mean engineer. There are plenty more arguable things you can say engineers lose (stock option value with lost company competitiveness, etc) but I'm not going to bother with those. The top two are not arguable, which is enough to invalidate a simplistic clickbait title. How does this address either of my points? I do not want to get in a wider debate about unionization, I am stating that the title is clickbait and obviously false. If you find a union where union dues are selectively paid, let me know. Until then, I will continue using English accurately. Right to work is completely different. Right to work says that employees are not compelled to JOIN a union in the first place. I have never heard of a union where some employees are required to pay dues and others aren't (and in fact, I have never heard of a union where employees pay no dues at all.) Ad-blockers have finally reached a point that the financiers of the major browsers are setting the groundwork for tightening the screws on them. Not right now, but in a couple years when earnings start trending down. Google and Yahoo -- driven by ads -- fund Chrome and Firefox, over half the browser market. Nobody innately wants to be evil; these are still * mostly * engineer driven companies. But when it comes to an extensential crisis of revenue vs freedom, there is no real choice. So thanks guys. We had a good run with open browsers, but it is quickly drawing closed because you just couldn't stand the ANNOYANCE of seeing ads next to your content. It's been fun, and now back to the darkness we go. Sure. It will be a fork that falls behind master without funding or support. Get enough momentum and push it far enough and Chromium and Firefox will stop being OSS altogether. Berlin is importing a bunch of highly-educated unemployed Spaniards. It's not really the same thing. Most interesting quote to me: "Individual choice has a larger role in limiting exposure to ideologically cross cutting content: after adjusting for the effect of position (the click rate on a link is negatively correlated with its position in the News Feed; see fig. S5), we estimate the factor decrease in the likelihood that an individual clicks on a cross-cutting article relative to the proportion available in News Feed to be 17% for conservatives and 6% for liberals, a pattern consistent with prior research (4, 17). " Greece is a free country and free to default. They weighed the tradeoffs and decided it would end poorly, and a (so-called) "humiliating" deal was better than Euro exit. Nobody is threatening Greece with military action should they not pay their debts. The fact is, they got a free ride for a couple decades on free money. They can take it and set out on their own, or pay lip-service to those debts (realistically, it's not going to get paid back fully in any outcome). It is a sovereign nation and can choose what deals to make, without your help. Seems like they're pointlessly limiting their market. No people, fine, but why make it vegetarian? They already have to overcome one barrier to get people in the door. Only in California and the Colorado basin is water allocation and pricing a real concern. The Midwest and south have water surplus and produce immensely more food than CA. So I don't think this has a significant impact. I put up a similar demo a few years ago if anyone is interested: http://nlpviz.bpodgursky.com 4 is pointless to implement because you're in a tragedy of the commons scenario. The worst actor drives adblock installs, and limiting your own ads will just lose you revenue since adblocks don't discriminate networks. HN is not really tech worker dominated anymore. My employer matches in company stock too. It's not a big deal, you can exchange it immediately for a portfolio if you want via the 401k management portal (T Rowe Price for me). It's probably just politically easier for the board to issue more shares than to spend cash. I'm quite confident JP Morgan would invest if they saw a bargin in a under-valued minority student. Banks want money and returns; they don't have time for casual racism. Sure, they would probably charge higher rates. They may also provide other support to make sure the kid actually graduates, since they are invested in that happening. All I'm saying is, the parent post that "nobody will invest in minorities" doesn't really properly reflect the incentives. If you get this declared copyright violation, there will be very solid precedent for banning all adblockers as well. What you are describing is an engineering answer, not a legal perspective. As the Supreme Court made clear in the aero case, intent and impact is far more important than technical details about transmission. His instincts on the Kindle paid off spectacularly, which is why his instincts on the phone were trusted. What are you talking about? Japan completely gave up on declaring their own terms. Taking away the godhood of the emperor was a colossal blow. If Japan surrendered on their own terms, there would absolutely have been no occupation. Japan for a decade after the war was a completely occupied, controlled, planned state (by the US). They got NONE of their own terms. What about "unconditional surrender" is BS? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hirohito "U.S. General Douglas MacArthur insisted that Emperor Hirohito retain the throne. MacArthur saw the Emperor as a symbol of the continuity and cohesion of the Japanese people. " That was a tactical US decision to help reconstruction. It had nothing to do with the Japanese govt wanting it. I tried this, and it's true there are barely any organic results visible. 75% of what I do see are paid ads, either right bar or top bar. But I don't see how paid ads are an example of using dominance to support their business though; paid ads are just a market that both hotels and resellers bid for space in. In fact, in my results above the google-box results are - booking.com (ad) - expedia.com (ad) - priceline.com (ad) - hotwire.com (ad) - trivago.com (ad) Just because it's uneconomical to drill a well at a given price doesn't mean it's not profitable at the margin to keep pumping from it, given that the drilling is a sunk cost. Not suggesting that watson is good enough as-is (or anytime soon), but the implications of a truly reliable polygraph machine would be huge. I suspect a lot of this is an unavoidable consequence of shifting from 3-5 kid families to 1-2. When you have 4 kids, (1) you don't have enough time to helicopter all of them, some will just have to deal with their own problems (2) having one disappointing kid isn't the end of the world. you have others to shift your expectations and hopes onto But if you only have one or two kids... you simply can't afford any failures. If your one kid fails, you're a failure of a parent. So you spend as much time and (maybe misguided, maybe not) energy on them. I think this is a natural response, which makes me think it's pretty un-fixable unless family sizes increase. So I'm not discounting that that's healthier from a personal perspective, but I doubt it's a realistic change across a population. I guess I'm mainly trying to say, I don't think this overparenting trend is society collectively going insane, it's a natural consequence of a different change, that of family size. So I suspect if you took a bunch of parents from 1900 and dropped them in 2015 with smaller families, you'd get roughly the same outcome. Um... population growth is very strongly positively correlated with GDP growth. It's well acknowledged that Japan and Europe's economic problems are mainly driven by aging and shrinking populations. But I also don't see how this relates to my point. I'm not making judgements, I'm hypothesizing about the reason for a trend. idk why people are instinctively downvoting. If Uber drivers are really classified as employees, and the NLRB decides that whatever category this is has a right to force collective bargaining, they could very easily prevent self-driving cars from being rolled out by Uber. Many unions, famously automotive ones at GM, have blocked the closures of plants which were running at 10% capacity. ? I never claimed the NLRB could prevent it. I said that Uber's drivers could unionize, and through collective bargaining, that union could prevent the rollout (from their point of view, prevent Uber from laying off any drivers). Which is absolutely true. Your comment annoyed me enough that I looked through your history to find > That is what it was for me when I moved to the US from Switzerland. > Only then I realized that the way people live in Switzerland is not something you can take for granted and in the end made me move back. Since you don't live in the US anymore, please stick to trying to influence Swiss policy. Since you aren't going to have to deal with the consequences of a widely expanded US refugee policy. Most suburbs are incredibly easy to walk in. As newish development almost all have sidewalks and are on residential streets. Are you going to walk to a grocery store? Probably not. But if your goal is walking there is no problem. At this point, I'm not sure how bottled Soylent can distinguish itself from other bottled dietary replacements like Ensure, aside from the name. Yes, ensure is designed to be a sole-source nutrition. When someone is in the hospital and can't eat, they are given Ensure as a sole food source. As far as I am aware, no driver outside California (which is, contrary to popular belief, not the entire US) has been ruled an employee. And even the cases in CA are not going to be settled for a couple years. Uh, because the actions of the Justice department are a direct function of whatever the Executive branch wants to focus on. The Attorney General is nominated by the president. They decide who the federal government prosecutes. It is absolutely political. This is not a greater debate about the vague idea of a surveillance state, it's about a very concrete case the federal government could either choose to prosecute or choose to drop. The current administration chose to prosecute. That decision was a decision entirely up to the executive branch, which is entirely up to the electorate. Making (not well supported) assertions about "republican adminstrations pushing a surveillance state" does not change those facts. The interminable holdup over the Keystone pipeline does not exactly encourage new investment. You don't seriously think companies are going to waste millions planning out a new line if they have no idea when (if ever) it would be approved. Wow. So Facebook has discovered that the US is both a large AND wealthy country. This is revolutionary. "Propaganda" is usually used to refer to attempts by a government organization to rally support behind itself and convince people that it is doing the right thing. It's pretty much implicit that a private company will try to gather public support by producing art/commercials/etc. But most people feel a government should hold itself to different standards, and act on the will of the public rather than try to CREATE public opinion. What actually incentivizes a customer to take their car to a shop to get this fixed though? It's not causing harm to individual car owners, and it's not like they can get collections agencies to sieze them. Seems like they're going to have trouble getting compliance here... I'm glad they found a way to not buckle on the subscription model. I think having an option to get started on intellj for $10 for a month will really help build their customer base long term. No more $200 sticker shock. And since I'm going to upgrade yearly either way, I don't mind it getting cheaper... We delete anything in our hdfs /tmp after two weeks. It's very convenient for oneoff job output which you know doesn't have to be around long. /user is for important longer lived stuff. I'm not an expert, but nuclear bombs are heavy. I'm seeing the warhead capacity of a V2 rocket as 2,200lbs. Little Boy was 9,700lbs. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/V-2_rocket https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Little_Boy Because hacker news isn't dominated by people who actually create things anymore... certainly not startups. At this point, upvotes and downvotes are mostly driven by a reddit-esque crowd with political grudges. You didn't even try to make it through the abstract... > An exception to this is the Sort workload, for which MapReduce is 2 x faster than Spark. We show that MapReduce’s execution model is more efficient for shuffling data than Spark, thus making Sort run faster on MapRe- duce This is a very valid concern. There are a lot of ways to make algorithms and distributed systems scale poorly for significant numbers of computation nodes (it took Hadoop half a decade to figure out how improve this via YARN). They weren't fake AFAIK. They just happened to be searching for Bin Laden's family's blood while they were at it. I would assume he is speaking on behalf of Volkswagen, not testifying as an individual on his own experiences. Volkswagen's current story is that it was a couple rogue engineers, so he is conveying that. Congress isn't going to get the CEO in to testify, so it's reasonable to assume he is speaking as a proxy. Luckily, we have a 4th amendment to stop people from seizing property with impunity on personal whims. Reflexive downvotes are kind of out of control on HN now (parent was gray)... For those who don't understand, gasoline taxes provide a large portion of highway maintenance revenue (often most). Electric cars have as much wear-and-tear on roads as gas cars, but avoid that tax right now. At some point we will need to figure out how to shift taxes from per-gallon to per-mile, or add an equivalent surcharge on electric chargers. Since home chargers are just electrical outlets, there's no real way to tax just the "highway electricity" there. So we either have to increase income/property taxes across the board, or have a mileage tax. Most of HN would't like option (1) because then everyone who bikes/takes public transit is subsidizing all highway transit. So yeah, it has to happen eventually. If the Isle of Man was invaded, the UK would be the one defending it. The legal wordplay is irrelevant; it has no effective sovereignty if it cannot even put up a semblance of defending its own borders. > So it's a university [mainly] funded by the tax-payer This is not true, at least for most states. For example, the UW system got 1.2 Billion from the state out of a 6 Billion dollar budget: https://www.wisconsin.edu/about-the-uw-system/ The large majority of most state university funding comes through tuition, research grants, and donations. The federal government generally makes a profit on student loans -- (most of them) get paid back eventually. Ok... so are cars (in fact, they are much worse), but we survive somehow. I mean, I guess this is true, but being paralyzed usually does not mean you are unusually predisposed to seizures. This criticism kind of feels like hunting for problems. How dare they successfully make music for a living, and expect their family to live normal lives! The arrogance. Even worse is the people who complain that death row is "too expensive". It's expensive because prisoners get appeal after appeal! This is a good thing! Every chance to find some exculpating evidence is given. If nothing shows up in the 2+ decades you're on death row, nothing probably will. If you get life in prison, you're only going to get a second chance if someone else actively confesses to the murder (and maybe not even then). Otherwise... they just throw away the key. How "humane". In 100 years we're going to look back and realize what a waste of time and effort corporate income taxes are. And what amount of time was wasted trying to levy and avoid them. In the end, you can recover the same money by taxing dividends and income accordingly, and it's far more difficult to hide those (a person's residency is less ambiguous than a corporation; and while you can try to play games, with proper enforcement you will end up in jail for doing it). Of course any politician will get castigated for suggesting removing the tax entirely, but that's just politics and not sound economic policy. This seems pretty unlikely. I don't think they expect to convert more than 10% of their users into paid users, at least short-term. And if it's ads vs ads, there won't be any reason to use it. Hulu's decisions are driven by their investors who are direct competitors for recreation time (cable companies who can't realistically cut ads). Youtube doesn't have that -- if they can make equal or more revenue per person via paid subs vs ads, why not? My understanding is, if you don't sign the deal, your videos won't show for people on the ad-free site. How else could you implement this? If I buy a subscription for an ad-free site, it can't mean that it's ad-free except for videos posted by people who haven't signed the contract. If the payment is proportional to the view distribution among Youtube Red subscribers, I'm not sure whether the methods would work out very differently. Actually I guess one way it could get skewed if the viewers of one channel on average watch more/fewer videos than the population at large. Hopefully they figure out how to weight the value of a given minute of "view time" for fix-it videos etc vs music videos which are running in the background. It's not really an innate trust in media. It's the lack of anything better (and no, (most) blogs don't count) if you want to stay informed. It really surprises me that Pandora hasn't been able to negotiate dramatically better rates than Spotify et al which allow random-access listening. Pandora is competitive mainly with radio, not music purchases. Spotify competes directly with record sales. I've been a very loyal paying Pandora customer for a long time, but now that it's up to $5/mo, I'm seriously wondering whether paying just $5/mo more for Spotify would be worth it. Not all deserts are equal. The Sahara desert is truly immense -- 99.99% of it is not at risk of construction. And unless you are building on top of something with a natural water source, you're probably not endangering any life; the parts without water sources are essentially lifeless. Frankly, after the initial setup, the shelter the panels provide will probably support more life than the open sand. Same as why environmentalists are ok sinking ships to provide a foundation for artificial reefs -- nature does not magically optimize for the most life-dense environment; it just is the way it is. You have to make relative impact judgement eventually. Pure relativism will just paralyze you. No reasonable person is going to think that replacing 1km^2 of the central Sahara is equivalent to bulldozing 1km^2 of the Amazon. "More life" might be simplistic, so call it more life*biodiversity for total impact or whatever you want. And in this specific example, the fact is that you are impacting almost no desert species in the dry parts of the Sahara. I suspect you are conflating low-moisture "deserts" like the Sonoran desert, where there is in fact life to impact: http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTQQZ0DZRlKp1Ht0B-4W... with the central sahara: http://media-2.web.britannica.com/eb-media/09/550x366x152309... Where no, there is really nothing to impact. This would be an appallingly bad precedent to set. As soon as there was precedent and infrastructure for this, a huge number of state actors would either set this up maliciously, or start auctioning off country-specific DNS rights (aka start extorting money from companies -- "oh do you want to own google.com in ? that will be $2mm/yr"). IIRC that was part of the plot too. There was no string reason to prefer this technology, except the company that owned the destructive-scanning IP was pushing their solution before the other ones matured enough to be cost-effective. That's not * really * accurate. The Germans had a big head start, because they started the war, of course. But by the time the US and USSR had ramped up to full military production, by 1943-44, they could have rolled through Germany 3 times over and had hardware to spare. The US was by no means at the end of its resources by the end of the war, running on fumes (the Germans were of course, out of fumes). Why is the comment by themetrician dead? (sibling to comment here) I don't understand. I think this is pretty fair on Google's part. How could you possibly figure out who owned content? What if I published a book, it was copy-pasted in blogs, and then later I put it somewhere crawlable by Google? You certainly can't just say "first time we saw it, that's the proper owner". It would either require a massive amount of manual QA to get right (and even then, there are going to be interminable copyright battles), or have a super high error rate. I think Google's best value is letting proper content owners easily find violators via normal searches, and let them deal with them via takedown notices or the court system -- which is where it should be done, not in a pseudo-court run by a Google who does not want what responsibility. I end up on EMB-145 or 175s frequently, going through mid-sized airports a lot. I love them. - Boarding the whole plane takes ~10 minutes, compared to an interminable 30-40 minutes of waiting in line for a 737. - 2-2 or 1-2 seat configurations means you don't have to crawl over 2 people to use the restroom - Deboarding is just as fast as boarding, so I don't miss connections - No gate available? No problem! Get off on the tarmac and walk a couple feet, it won't kill you. I can only hope more airlines move towards small planes over medium-haul distances, with fewer connections. Sorry, HN is full of morons who like to downvote. The Declaration of Independence has indeed been cited by the Supreme Court to give evidence of the intent of the drafters of the Constitution, where the phrasing in the Constitution is ambiguous. So you are perfectly correct. How could you expect every company they drive for (concurrently) to simultaneously pay them the same hourly ( > minimum) wage? I can't see any outcome with "employee" status that would let drivers continue to drive for two services at the same time. This would add a HUGE barrier to entry for new companies in this market -- I would argue it's hugely anti-competitive, given the critical-mass you need for a ridesharing service to work. And could easily result in lower effective hourly wages for drivers, if they spend more time idling around. Or you know... Bill Gates et al created a segment of the economy that didn't exist. Inflammatory language like "gobbled up" really annoys me. It's not like all that Microsoft stock would be evenly distributed among the middle class if he had never come along. Maybe before establishing all these EU bureaucracies they should have focused on establishing a strong bill of rights. The first amendment at least in the US would almost certainly prevent nonsense like this. The EU commissions overall feel like they are flailing around making up the rules they go. At least when courts in the US disagree, it is about adherence to precedent and the constitution, not appeasing whatever group is lobbying them at the time. It is not true that these are remotely equivalent. US case-law says, you have freedom of speech unless it specifically calls for violence or threatens very, very, direct harm ie calling "fire" in a theater (and yes, even copyrighted material can be quoted or satirized as necessary to make a political statement). "For the prevention of disorder of crime, for the protection of health and morals for the protection of the reputation or rights of others" -- those are wide, gaping holes which make this statement absolutely useless. Libel specifically says you cannot say provably false things. You can ruin a reputation, without lying, without a problem in the US. The difference is evidenced by the "right to be forgotten" ruling in Europe, where the ability to hide past actions was deemed more important than the right to publicize those links / events. I don't think it's really that easy. Pulling out of China didn't prevent any evil, it just moved it to Baidu. Would the world have been a slightly-less-censored place if Google had stuck it out in China, filtered some results, and pushed back in others? I think probably yes. Either way, having more competition between search engines in China couldn't possibly reduce information flow. Maybe this will make it more likely people can find banned content one way or the other. Turns out China can live without Google, and they need a plan B. I mean... while that may be correct in some semantic sense, it's not a useful distinction. If you took a survey of the groups described in the article, 90% would self-identify as liberal. So the distinction you draw isn't really helpful for clarifying the issue. > Otherwise the same thing will happen to the left as what happened to the right in the early 2000s Well, the only disagreement I have is that you think that hasn't happened yet. Depends. Did you even once drive to the nursery or hardware store to pick up seeds, pots or fertilizer to grow it? If so, you have completely negated all energy savings. > I'd rather get the share of money spent on the junk food and do whatever I want with them. That would be true if not for taxes. A meal at the office is effectively 40-50% cheaper than the corresponding paycheck increase. Please don't conflate issues with scientific backing (antibiotic abuse) with unscientific fearmongering (GMOs). It drags the legitimate concerns down and makes them look like crackpot conspiracies. According to crunchbase, they raised money at a $3.25B valuation in 2012. If they are IPOing at $2.66B now, that means a lot of stock options granted in-between are going to be worthless, unless they were granted at some very different price... You won't get fiber and probably will have too much sugar and high glycemic index foods if you eat junk + a vitamin. But you can easily get all your vitamins and minerals with a pill. Google, Facebook, Yahoo, etc tried this in China and failed. It inconvenienced the people, but it's not going to cause a popular uprising. In the west, you forget that guns and the threat of raw violence by the government are a very real deterrent Kazakhstan isn't going to produce a Baidu, but I'm sure Yandex and VK would be happy to fill a void and play along with their rules. And in the end, people just have less access to unfiltered news about the outside world. It's a losing plan. Having twice the market would allow specialization into technology we don't have now because they are not profitable; division of labor works better the more people you have. Intel would never be possible in a world with 1mm people; their fab centers are spectacularly expensive fixed costs. So no, we wouldn't need 2x the Google employees, but there would be a need for employees in a market that doesn't exist now. > iOS devices, for some reason, monetize way lower than Android I imagine since iOS third party cookies are transient, you're going to have much lower CPMs on ads since they can't do much intelligent targeting on history or external data. Selling ownership of fishing rights over tracts of the ocean, while it has flaws, would be infinitely better than the free-for-all we have now, where nobody has an incentive to preserve any fish stocks. Quotas, seasons, and permits aren't really as good. As a fisherman you have no incentive to catch below your quota, since you aren't rewarded for leaving anything on the table. And the quotas are usually too high for political reasons, to avoid losing votes. Either way, they are centrally planned. A market solution would allow a fisherman to catch below quota and be rewarded in later years by replenished stocks in the waters he controlled. What are you talking about? This is the absolute definition of the Tragedy of the Commons -- when you have a public resource it is in everyone's interest to exploit. The free market does not just mean "anarchy! take everything!" There's no market here! You'd make a great mayor... of Detroit. They didn't play the game, they lost. Call car manufacturing a race-to-the-bottom business if you want, but if it's gone it's gone. > I don't want my building to be a hotel. I don't want random people in my building. Here's the thing... it's not your building. I totally understand it being wrong to AirBnB a rental without the landlord's approval. But if the landlord is ok with it... they own the building, that's their call. If you don't like it, find a different apartment. This is super naive. For much of the past decade, congress could have removed the entire discretionary budget (yes, including the military) and still had a deficit. The deficit is driven by social security, medicare, and medicaid. If you want to balance the budget, you have to reform those. It plays well to the audience, but it's effectively less than two years of salary, when you consider the high marginal taxes (depending a bit on whether they were ISO/NSO, etc). Given he was significantly under-market for four years, it's not a particularly good payout. Remember that everyone who joined early was taking a gamble on a high risk, high reward company. You see an OK payout for him, but you don't see the 0 payouts for the people who bet on the wrong horse. So if joining a startup as an early employee is changing from high-risk high-reward gamble to instead high-risk OK-reward, that's a problem. Wikipedia says: > Tacitus relates a rumour that 80,000 Britons fell for the loss of only 400 Romans.[12] However the figures quoted for the campaign in the ancient sources are regarded by modern historians as extravagant.[21][22] I'm sorry, but basically anyone familiar with the demographics disagrees with you. (1) a TFR of 1.2 is not slowly shrinking, it is a collapse (2) you end up a dependency ratio of more than 1 retiree per worker very quickly. So no, it's not good news for anyone born today. (3) it is even worse, because Japan has the world's longest life expectancy. so that 1 child is going to have to support 4 generations of senior citizens. Any kid born today is going to be burdened by an incredibly expensive social net, making it even HARDER to afford to have enough children to even manage replacement. It is a serious catastrophe. I've been to plenty of hole-in-the-wall Thai and Vietnamese restaurants with pictures on the menu. They are not chains. It's helpful if you don't know much about what you're ordering (is it a curry? soup? stir-fry? etc). While that does suck... they exercised early for the capital gains tax treatment. If there was no risk involved, it doesn't really deserve a lower tax rate. This is not even correct. Endangered species are much safer in the US than Africa, because nobody is eating them for survival or poaching them to sell to the Chinese. Strong institutions and better-than-sustenance jobs are how to protect wildlife. It's great how we're living in a world where tax codes are so idiotic and complex that it takes long lawsuits to figure out what tax is actually due. It's not about following the letter of the law; it's about following the letter of the law, avoiding the court of public opinion, and coughing up whatever is necessary to stop the complaints when some politician wants to distract people from their incompetence and whip up some good old nationalist fury. What do you legally owe? It's undefined. Or more, defined by whether the country you are in likes you for PR reasons (Google is stealing our newspaper jobs!) * the skill of your lawyers. Great! How about, we admit corporate income tax is a stupid idea, get rid of it, and raise capital gains taxes respectively (and dividends)? People have the great feature of being corporeal beings which live in a country, which makes them much easier to tax than ethereal corporations. Of course there are rough edges to fix around overseas investors, but it could not possibly, in any world, be worse than the system we have today. No! No! No! What you legally owe in taxes, in a reasonable tax structure, has NOTHING to do with your moral compass. You should be able to plug numbers into a spreadsheet and get it. I'm not saying that taxes are bad. We need tax revenue. I get that. But there should NEVER, EVER, be two legally correct answers to how much you owe. The fact that you had to spend paragraphs making your case, makes mine -- when you resort to emotional appeal to try to get people to pay their taxes, the system is completely broken. Edit: the original comment said that this was clear to anyone with a "moral compass" * except that's not really true For it to be this simple, you're declaring that every company paying less than 35% tax is in breach of the law. Which is obviously not the case in the eyes of the IRS -- there is totally legitimate foreign income, deductions, etc etc. Whether you think those things are a GOOD idea doesn't matter, there are plenty of companies paying way less than 35% which are not going to get prosecuted, and the IRS would declare in the clear. Also... that was a really low, shameless edit: > Specifically, the goal is to streamline tax codes to be more clear, more consistent, and more algorithmic. Your original post said (I don't have it saved), that the goal was to make all income from US companies taxed as US income. COMPLETELY different. It is very dishonest to completely change your post after there's a whole comment tree under you. Suburbs are vastly better than cities at producing a vital resource which is often overlooked -- people. There are more unicorns than middle-class families in urban areas with more than 2 children. Whereas in suburbs larger families are both plausible and not uncommon. This won't show up in your tax revenues when children are in school or college, but the 25-year-old yuppie GDP powerhouses who then move downtown will indeed make up their tax revenue. Hint -- think about the really good (US-born) software engineers in SF you know. How many grew up in dense urban areas? Barely any, I'm willing to bet. Most are from the middle-class 'burbs, and didn't go to decrepit urban schools. Maybe someday US cities will be effective at raising families, but it's not today. And ignoring this contribution to future tax revenue is an existential mistake. Yeah, this annoys me. Japanese swords were folded over hundreds of times not because it was a superior crafting technique, but because they were using inferior steel with more impurities. Red was the highest performing color in Vegas in 2015. What? AirBnB's valuation is 25B. It could make a trivial dent in the worldwide hotel market and crush that valuation many times over. Uber is 50B. The global taxi market alone is worth many multiples of 50B, and that's not counting all the delivery services, bus/public transit-replacements etc that Uber is pushing for. I'm not saying these companies WILL capture all of their current markets, but it's ridiculous to say the valuations wouldn't be supported if they captured the whole market. Anyone OK with this business model should also be ok with ISPs stripping out ads and replacing them with their own content (remember that?) On the other hand, if this gets traction (unlikely, admittedly) this may finally force the issue to the courts and get content fiddling declared copyright/TOS violation. Which I'm not sure you all want. Christ people, shut up about adblockers. We get it, you use one. Congratulations, I don't care. But stop spamming every article related to ads with comments about it. Half of HN readers work in a company powered by ad-tech and some of us actually want discussion about the article in question. The president will sign an assassination order for... the president? I'm not sure you even read the parent. These defects are often not detectable via ultrasound until late second / early third trimester, where abortions are more expensive, more emotionally scarring, and more illegal. Japanese farming is notoriously manual, inefficient, and protected by heavy tariffs. Pretty skeptical about that. Rice is rice. The cash is factored into the stock price. Stockholders figure that sooner or later there will be a tax holiday or equivalent which will let companies bring this money into the US for free, or at least cheaply, and pay it out as dividends or share buybacks. Also, lots of US companies use this overseas cash as collateral to take out low-interest debt from inside the US to fund US expansion (again, because those issuing the cheap debt know that Google etc * could * pay it off if necessary, it's just dumb to pay the 35% if you don't have to). I know, I know, when I have time... pull requests are also welcome : ) Oh well. I'm happy to use a more complete corpus if one is available. But I don't have nearly the expertise to do any manual cleanup or patching. San Jose budget: $3,190,187,604 Pop: 1,016,479 $3138/cap Dallas TX budget: $2,806,427,228 Pop: 1,281,047 $2190/cap Jacksonville FL budget: $2,166,068,795 Pop: 861,252 $2515/cap Closest cities I could find on wikipedia. San Jose gets plenty of money from its citizens. Like most of CA, it has fallen into a pension liability trap. Wringing more money out of people who have lived there for decades will only drag it on for a few more years until they have to stop making fully-funded pension promises they can not keep long-term. It's not about being right or wrong, it's about making up grievances to make themselves feel not-guilty about their life choices. Intellectual honesty had nothing to do with it Relative to what they actually made off of ebooks? Unlikely although I don't have numbers offhand. OK? So the court can compel Apple to write the software-- not individual employees. I don't think anyone is considering holding individual employees in contempt. But yes Apple as a corporation can be punished financially if they refuse, if you hold that corporations don't have speech rights. Your point is not consistent. Is "Stock Value/Bonus" annual amortized or total? This is incredibly shortsighted. The point of an endowment is not to pay it off, the point is that the endowment persists indefinitely, and the interest / returns fund operations. If people wanted to contribute directly to a university, they can. Instead they're contributing to the endowment. Respect that choice. It's pathetic that universities have actually set up a sustainable source for funding scholarships etc indefinitely -- where spending caps are actually restricted -- and the vultures immediately descend to suck it dry and spend it off. And then in a few decades when it's gone: ??? > Ebeling helped assemble the data that demonstrated the risk. Boisjoly argued for a launch delay. At first, the Thiokol executives agreed and said they wouldn't approve the launch. > "My God, Thiokol," responded Lawrence Mulloy of NASA's Marshall Spaceflight Center. "When do you want me to launch? Next April?" > Despite hours of argument and reams of data, the Thiokol executives relented. McDonald says the data were absolutely clear, but politics and pressure interfered. I'd put it more on NASA, if that is accurate. Not entirely, but more. And on top of that, a doctor is only in the 1% for a fraction of their actual career. Four years of school, many of residency, maybe specialty, those salaries are to a large degree paying off accumulated debt and opportunity cost. It would be cruel to try to take even more of that highly delayed income in taxes. What a victory for rule of law. The Treasury decided it was legal, but they didn't LIKE it, so they decided to make it so burdensome they wouldn't go through with it. Maybe, fix an idiotic corporate income tax so it's not a constant game avoiding it. Companies are going to stop incorporating in the US; the golden goose is going to die sooner or later. NY generates a tax surplus because every retirement fund in America flows through Wall Street. Don't over glorify it. Don't give NY credit for creating all that wealth. It creates some wealth, but mostly the tax revenue is a function of being a banking industry center which serves the entire country. That invested money comes from people in all of 50 states, from personal savings accounts or retirement accounts. If NY didn't exist, the same tax revenue would appear in some other city, whichever other stock exchange became dominant. So it's perfectly fair that the tax revenue is reshuffled from NY back to the actual source of that revenue, in other states. In my extremely biased opinion... because it lets you do terrible things in free-form code which opinionated tools like Maven don't allow. (I'm not a fan) > Also, eliminating the corporate income tax would open up a gigantic loophole in tax law. People could simply incorporate into a single person corporation, then make sure the corporation makes all of their money and just happens to provide services that help the person (like buying food and shelter). Given that corporate income tax is basically completely ineffective right now, I don't know why you think this would possibly be any harder to enforce against. > If anything we should be taxing those war chests higher because sequestering that much money is bad for the economy as a whole. If you eliminated the corporate income tax, this money would instantly be some combination of (a) disbursed in dividends (b) brought back into the US and spent on expansions or acquisitions or (c) spent on stock buybacks, which would then be captured as capital gains tax. There's no need to make this more complicated. FISA orders are completely unrelated to this. These cases take a long time to trickle up to the Supreme Court. And you would have to either convince one of the 4 solid left-wing judges to side against the administration (hah -- and before downvoting, look at the voting records) or have a unanimous opinion on the right, which was difficult even when Scalia was alive, and obviously not helpful now, since a split enforcing a lower court decision doesn't set precedent. This may be true nationally, but it is not true in SF. Brazil, Venezuela, and Argentina are not reeling from an overdose of Chicago school economics. Pay a bit more attention, or be a bit more honest. The Khoi-san were being actively displaced by the Bantu migration down the east coast of Africa, contemporary with the European colonies in South Africa. This would just paper over the fact that the US tax code is an abomination of deductions and credits. It would not simplify any of the magic math; it would just make most people think they are getting the right credits. Would it actually give people all the deductions and credits they could get through a detailed analysis? I highly doubt it. TurboTax doesn't ask 1000 questions for fun; most of them matter because of the insanity of our tax code. It would probably put turbo-tax out of business though, this is true. The default, free, option is going to win against a paid product. All this will accomplish is making sure that tax preparation is back where it was two decades ago -- where the Actually Wealthy hire a person to do their taxes and get the right deductions, and everyone else gets stuck with an opaque bill which they can't afford to assess for accuracy. This is a far more regressive system than what we have now. Don't accuse me of being a TurboTax shill. I have nothing to do with them, besides doing many hours of complex taxes which would have cost far more in-person than with TurboTax (and no, I'm not under any circumstances blindly entrusting the IRS with correctly calculating ISO AMT nonsense.) A lot of fairly high income people pay for TurboTax. Billionaires of course have tax preparers -- but TurboTax moves the bar a LOT higher. > This bill would save them the $200. First, most people pay turbotax $50-100. $200 would be deluxe + 3 states, which is highly uncommon. And it's highly likely it would cost them MORE than $200 in credits they are not automatically given by the IRS. The IRS does not know what you donated to charity, properties you own which get credits for, educational tax credits etc. It will spit out a number with a refund, sure. But this change will take more from the lower-income and middle-income proportionately than from the wealthy. ~ 1/3 of people itemize. And this doesn't mean it's the richest 1/3 -- it's the 1/3 who have homes, children, and other real responsibilities which get credits. Middle class. The people who don't itemize have almost no burden right now; you can fill out a 1040EZ or use TurboTax free edition. The middle class is who is going to get screwed out of deductions. Am I supposed to think this is oppressive? Animal smuggling is a big deal which decimates wild populations. Five years seems reasonable to me. This wasn't a one time offense either. Most of those who are against Citizens United do not understand how chilling to free speech the alternative would be. Hint: there's a reason the ACLU believes Citizens United was the right decision. In that world, any publication making or costing money can be considered political speech and censored. The Sierra club newsletter could be considered politically motivated and prevented from publishing articles unless the donors stay within donation caps Once you give the government a tool to restrict speech / spending, it will be used to cut both ways. F-35s will not be able to fire their cannons until the 2020's (last I checked), because the software has not been written. Venezuela's oil production capacity collapsed after nationalization. It's not just prices. The nationalization destroyed foreign investment, talent fled the country, and cronyism put incompetent people in charge of factories and industries they didn't understand. It's dishonest to pretend this is only due to oil prices. All are contentious, but solid cases could be made for - Turkey (it could use another one about now, if the military wasn't neutered) - Thailand (providing stability currently) - Egypt (removed Muslim Brotherhood) It's probably not worth engaging with you, since your language suggests you are unwilling to even consider any new views, but "public ownership is ineffective" how does this have anything to do with colonialism? I think that public ownership is almost always inefficient compared to an effective market. I believe it is true in the first world, I believe it is true in the third world. don't try to contort it into racism. European lawmaking is beholden to newspapers, based on the trouble Google has been going through with linking and citations, so I would be truly shocked if this came to anything. If adblocking becomes a serious problem for Google, they can (and will) block the relevant extensions in Chrome. Also, mobile chrome (increasingly dominant worldwide) doesn't, and won't, have adblocking. Yes, I'm ignoring numerically insignificant installs like rooted hosts redirects, firefox mobile, opera, etc. Those aren't going to impact revenue. Is the fact he has political opinions supposed to invalidate the decade of experience / work? Am I supposed to mindlessly parrot 'oh, he's related to the GWB center, baaaaaaaaaad'? I'm not sure what your point is. Well, I do see what you're trying to do, but it's not honest or relevant. > 99% of the time I'm not looking for things the ministry of foreign policy doesn't want me to know The other 1% is the news that actually matters. Or, if you insist on bringing politics into unrelated topics, it's a failing of a commodity that hasn't been properly marketized. You have to externalize the cost of bad behavior by making it a proper market. The point is not margin on roaming, it's overall corporate profit margin. If roaming is cheaper, something else is now more expensive, given that the company's profit margin isn't high to start with. Roaming fees are probably more progressive anyway and subsidizing plans for less mobile people, aka income limited people. There's no reason to think the telecoms were too dumb to think of that independently, and try it, if it were true. It's really pathetic how HN has degenerated from an actual community of builders / startup founders / creators to reddit-style vitriol and populist complaints about the 1%. Every comment right now is complaining about billionaires and the problems with of capitalism. Not even about the technology, much less being happy about this being funded. Genuine question -- is there a community somewhere which is actually full of not-shitty people? I would like an invite. Very few of those are actually top-level comments. I usually only comment as a reply when a top-level comment makes me angry. Yeah, but that's not going to happen. If a big pharm company doesn't provide India-priced versions of drugs, the Indian government just declares the patent invalid and lets generics produce it for free (yes, this happens). > Tax laws are so complex that we don't know if some tax avoidance schemes are legal or not. That's the wrong way to phrase it. If you don't know if actions are legal or not, you are simply not living under the rule of law. There is no law, if you cannot reasonably figure out what the law is. Just read the comments that show up (hopefully) below. Based on the fact the Mayo clinic does, in fact, attract the richest people in the world. I have a visualizer for CoreNLP that's OSS, would be easy to adapt: http://nlpviz.bpodgursky.com/ It's a very shortsighted attitude. If the mindset is total freedom to use editorial discretion, there's no reason they couldn't use it to push conversations around ex the Free Basics controversy in India, or the things you inevitably will disagree about in the future. > balance and consensus can be achieved in their own terms Uh... Brazil is not out of any messes yet. And I'd like to think the people of Argentina didn't have to suffer though two separate financial meltdowns to get a reasonable president. Not saying the US needs to invade anything, but your examples suck. Touring for your primary income is a brutal lifestyle, especially if you're not in your 20s and unattached to dependents. I don't think it's reasonable to say "oh, if you want to make money with music, you should just spend 6 months of the year living in a van traveling the country". I downvoted because it doesn't say anything about the points raised or content of the article, it just tries to discredit the entire source, which is a commenting style I find particularly odious. I'd rather have 100% turnout by the 10% who are actually informed about the issues and candidates. The over-simplistic tax revenue argument that gets thrown around isn't useful. The urban drivers pay tax revenue, which then "subsidizes" rural highways, which then produce... incredibly cheap food. Which is then consumed in... cities. You could stop paying for highways, and then food gets more expensive, and it all evens out. And maybe that would make more sense. But don't trick yourself into thinking the relationship is parasitic. Glen Beck actually wrote a piece after the meeting saying he took Mark at his word, and complained about the tenor of the other conservatives in the meeting: http://www.glennbeck.com/2016/05/19/what-disturbed-glenn-abo... > But until then, based on our research and my personal experience with Facebook, I believe they are acting in good faith and share some very deep, fundamental principles with people who believe in the principles of liberty and freedom of speech. Facebook invited a group of who they considered "leading conservatives" to Facebook to discuss this personally after the allegations came out. Glen was on that list. I don't think many people would have turned down that invitation, whether or not you had concerns beforehand. If you genuinely think NPR is the least biased news source available in the US, you have more serious problems. I find the CSMonitor to be a good source for review articles (not breaking news, but breaking news is rarely that informative IMO): http://www.csmonitor.com/ I read the Economist and while I won't call it unbiased, it's honest and usually presents both sides. For day-of news it's tougher but direct Reuters pieces usually have minimal interpretation and are pretty good. Well, corporate income tax is higher that individual income tax for the vast majority of people... so it probably would mean more tax revenue overalll. And no, income earned in the US cannot be kept offshore, so yes, taxes will actually be paid on it either when "earned" by the company or distributed (buybacks, etc). Islam, fundamentally, has no new testament equivalent. Christians can draw a line between old and new rules without theological issues. Jews interpret the old testament as laws for Jews, by Jews. There is no prerogative to convert. Islam has neither of those. It is a violent old testament with a legal code inscribed focused on converting or otherwise making lives miserable for other people of the book (not to mention what they consider pagans). > cases in which the state can initiate a cancellation of citizenship of an Israeli citizen That is not the same thing as "you immediately lose your citizenship". Does this actually happen frequently? I mean... do you really want to have to guess whether congress.gov is run by the government, or some random country which decided to sell of .gov TLDs for extra cash? Or, potentially more deceptively to consumers, "healthcare.gov", etc. As an international user, your country isn't going to get control of it. If it goes through the UN, some amalgamation of theocracies, dictatorships, and kleptocracies will take control of it. The worst-case scenario is quite bad. I know geo-engineering schemes are well-intentioned, but I'm worried that once productionized, country-specific motivations are going to move from "status quo" to "arms race" Yeah we all know global warming will cause chaos etc, but some countries will be net winners, and some net losers. Canada and Russia have a lot to gain from global warming, with sea routes and more farmland. African nations, Bangladesh, India have huge amounts to lose. Once we have sequestration technology working, would anyone put it past the Indian / Egyptian / etc governments to set a goal CO2 PPM below the "historic" status quo to lower temperatures for the benefit of their people? Would anyone put it past Russia to be upset about this and intentionally release methane to counteract the cooling effect? I think it would be very hard to prevent weaponization of this tech; "keep everything how it is" is easy to say but I don't think will actually happen. The US is also the longest established continuously democratic government... so clearly there is also something going right, historically at least. Ranking Brazilian government above the US is a joke. It's from the first sentence of the article. Brazil is fair game. There are plenty of "real", "local", "organic" restaurants where the kids' meal is (local) grilled cheese and (organic) fries. How could this possibly be less nutritious? So - they met with Google in 2007, didn't form a partnership - in 2011, 4 years later, Google started Loon - in 2016, 5 years later, Google gets sued Makes me think that Space Data Corporation needs cash because they've been unable to make this take off in the 8 years in the interim. The idea of using balloons to transmit data is not reasonably patentable. Maybe there are patentable implementation details (I'm skeptical), but is it really likely that Google poached them for Loon? Or is it more likely that Google said "oh balloons transmitting data, cool", talked with a company looking into it, and it came to nothing. It's not like Loon has poached any of SDC's military contracts. If SDC realistically was going to make this mass-market, it should have happened in less than 8 years; you can't just extract cash when someone successfully implements a generic idea where you failed (in a reasonable system). While the drought is not helping, there's no reason the country with the largest oil reserves in the world should have to shut down their economy in a drought; other counties have backup oil plants. Mismanagement is why oil production drops every year and there is no refining capacity. Or maybe, the US doesn't want a new Zimbabwe in the backyard? I get it -- whatever hackers are interested in. But come on, this isn't even pretending to be intellectually stimulating, it's just an op-ed. A lot of people are approaching this as an employer/employee relationship, which is fair, but I think it's more important to understand how quitting on the spot affects the employee - employee relationship. If someone I work with quits day-of, and there's no obvious signs that it was over an ethical no-go, I'm going to conclude that it's someone I don't want to collaborate with in the future. If you can't make the effort to spend a week cleaning up loose ends, document your projects, and pass on knowledge to the rest of the team, you are certainly not someone I want to work with in the future -- much less ever consider having as a co-founder. It's just basic professionalism. Obviously not the case if the employer asked you to do something unethical, but you need to make that clear to the rest of your team if it happened, in order to reasonably retain their respect. It's amusing how the weakened pound is being hailed in the media as the End Times, and yet the weakened pound is the reason British stocks (minus financials) are actually doing fine -- it's very good for export industries. If Greece could have just let their currency depreciate, they'd be in a far better spot than they are now, plausibly even competitive. But it was the tyranny of the Euro, driven by Germany that kept its currency strong. I'm certainly not arguing that leaving the EU is good for the economy net. But what the newspapers (or at least the headlines I see) are focused on is IMO the absolute least-bad fallout. No, this ignores the competitive advantage being 10% cheaper brings. Being cheaper than your competitor expands your market. Yeah, but I'd prefer the penalties did something useful, and weren't just a cash transfer to people who got lucky and bought cars from an unethical manufacturer. Free speech rights are a stretch here. I wonder if you could make a viable case for the 3rd amendment though (to my knowledge it has never been done). Strictly interpreted, the 3rd amendment prevents the government from being able to force homeowners to quarter soldiers. If you think about the real intent of the bill though, it's obvious that the mindset is "you are free to use your own house without government interference." Realize that at the time, HUGE numbers of homeowners informally had a room or two for boarders to supplement their income. It would have been considered ridiculous at the time for the government to say you couldn't lend a room out for money, which is probably why this interpretation was not formally codified. It's a stretch, but amendments have been interpreted in more creative ways to accomplish personal-freedom goals (think, right to privacy -- interpreted as an implied constitutional right, but not mentioned anywhere). Maybe? But then again, the 2nd amendment doesn't allow nuclear weapons, as interpreted by the Supreme Court. Would be easy to interpret it as, the right to use residential properties for lodging purposes (hotel, apartments, B&Bs) cannot be violated, without letting you set up industrial operations. Seriously? Uber had not proven how much of a quality-of-life improvement it was for users, there is absolutely 0% chance that any city councils would have reformed taxi laws and made explicit exceptions for them, sight-unseen. They are only BARELY at the point where their critical mass of users can force city governments to give them a legal path (see: de Blasio in NYC), and even that doesn't always work (see: Austin). Yeah, but this ignores the fact that the CA budget, and CA taxes, alone are enormous. This is the delta spending by SF, on top of CA. Why? It's an interesting article with actual photos; several steps above blogspam. > While some nonprofits may be unable to pay their interns ... > then the intern must be paid at least minimum wage, there is no intern exception unless it is literally work that is useless to the organization What's the difference between an unpaid intern and a volunteer at a nonprofit? Should nobody be allowed to volunteer skills at the Red Cross, or the Sierra Club, unless it is "useless to the organization" (which makes no sense, since you are... volunteering). If you start enforcing this strictly, you're basically ruling that a whole class of NGOs does not have a right to exist powered by interest and volunteer labor. It's really a pretty good deal for them -- buy the debt for 50 cents on the dollar, and then make the decision to not default, guaranteeing a payout. Really? Given that the vast majority of violence is white-on-white or black-on-black, are you seriously suggesting that the police are spending _more_ of their time and resources investigating murders of blacks than of whites? The vast majority of the unsolved murders are inner-city, where often the police don't care who kills whom. The vast majority of the murders in the suburbs, in otherwise peaceful neighborhoods, get tons of police attention. So no, I think it is is exceedingly unlikely that the actual homicide rate skews more white than the statistics show. Nice. I started on an impl in Java several years ago but never got far ( https://github.com/bpodgursky/nlpstore/blob/master/src/test/... ). Uh, what? Peanut butter has very little sugar. Peanuts are pretty widely regarded as one of the better things you can snack on... and (reasonable) peanut butter is just smashed up peanuts. I'm not even going to engage with the anti-protein half of your rant, because... what. The impact on housing prices is trivial compared to the ridiculous under-supply of hotels in most major cities. To the point where it has priced-out the ability of anyone under the upper-middle class from visiting most major cities as tourists. How is a middle class family supposed to pay $400/night to rent a room in NY? Being able to travel shouldn't be artificially priced at a point where hotels are a crushing expense; visiting NYC isn't just for the 1%. You're just playing along with the hotel cartel here. It is long past time that congress passed comprehensive truck-control legislation to prevent this wanton violence. When the founding fathers drafted the first amendment and the right to assemble, they never could have foreseen the availability of F350s with 30 gallon gas tanks, so the amendment is not relevant to our society. With some simple reforms any reasonable person could agree to, we can keep these weapons of of the wrong hands: - ban extended gas tanks; nobody needs more than 10 gallons of gas at a time - prevent under-the-table sales of trucks; too many people are getting their hands on black-market trucks on sites like Craigslist, which we need to shut down - the transport of trucks across state lines is strictly forbidden - if you are looking to buy anything larger than an f150, you need a background check. what reasonable person would let a felon buy these vehicles? Remember -- we all agree, it's ridiculous to try to stop these attacks by limiting who comes into the country. The only solution is to prevent people from getting access to any tool which could be used as a weapon with enough motivation, and we should pressure congress to act now. well, if you read it.... > I head out early to a farmers’ market near my house. Before dawn each Saturday, the farmers truck in their produce from the surrounding mountains. Everything’s sold at free-market prices. This is, technically speaking, illegal but essentially goes unenforced nowadays. The only upside of Turkey overtly collapsing is that nobody will be able to pretend anymore there are real examples of functioning Muslim democracies. Pretty sad, given what it used to be. Turkey doesn't want to be on the wrong side of NATO if it's in a territory dispute with Greece, Bulgaria, Cyprus, or even over Armenia although it isn't NATO. Refugee handling is an EU problem, not really NATO. While there's substantial overlap, the US isn't going to negotiate with that in mind. And there's nothing stopping the EU from continuing to cut a refugee-handling-for-money deal if Turkey exits NATO. Airbases can still be leased, although it would depend on how badly relations deteriorated. I think Turkeys biggest fear would be that NATO members stop quietly ignoring Turkey's bombing of PKK bases inside Iraqi Kurdistan and Syria. If Turkey wasn't in NATO, there's nothing stopping the US or others from giving various Kurdish groups weaponry which could threaten Turkey's air superiority (AA missiles, not jets). This would make Turkey's war against the PKK internally a lot more difficult. So, I do think Turkey will recognize that it will suffer greatly outside NATO, and will take at least basic steps to preserve membership. But we'll see. Yeah, but then massive gifs became a thing. Other comments have good points, but the main thing IMO is that tax receipts are low in the midwest / south is that what they produce (food) is incredibly cheap now days. The US produces a ridiculous surplus of food with a tiny portion of the population because we're incredibly good at doing it cheaply. High volume and low cost == low prices == low tax revenue. It doesn't mean low real-world value or produced value. You could "fix" it by trying to balance revenues by playing with tax rates, but all you'll accomplish is making food expensive in CA/NY, shifting dollars around, and making everything more complicated than it is now. There are plenty of other reasons tax revenue registers in NY/CA; anyone -- from anywhere in the country -- with a retirement account is funneling it through some NY mutual fund, and entertainment is still mostly produced in CA. If NY didn't exist, it would be managed somewhere else; it's not that NY is producing magical value nobody else understands. It's just most convenient. If Hollywood stopped producing movies... we'd all be a bit more bored temporarily, but it's again going to get bought from somewhere else. “I'm a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it” -- Thomas Jefferson (likely fake, but still good) > Growth takes resources(fossil fuels, ore, etc). This is simply wrong. We produce vastly more GDP per unit of energy than we did a century ago, and will do the same a century from now. The size of an economy is a measure of what people will pay for a good. It's not a measure of how big a pile of steel you can make. The most expensive goods nowadays, services and computing, do not take vast piles of resources. In fact, the most expensive computers use the LEAST energy per unit of computation. At $66/square foot (quick google), that would be 6% of their revenue as of their last earnings report. Which is kinda insane. Rent is monthly. Did you read the article? They compare bicycling too. Also, a lot of fossil fuels are used grow and transport food the food you eat. It's not immediately obvious to me that the fossil fuel impact of growing the food, transporting it, and packaging it is less than the fuel to move a car in the first place. > very processed foods That's not really accurate though. Half the point of heavily-processed foods is that they can use non-aesthetic parts of the animal or plant to produce edible food. - Mechanically-processed chicken is made out of the parts of a chicken that you could never sell as beautiful chicken breasts - Baby carrots are carrots that are too ugly to sell - Fillers like corn syrup and soybean oil are calorically incredibly cheap to produce, and very efficient use of cropland. More accurately, it's organic and locally-grown foods that waste the most cropland by being low-density (and are thus more expensive). It's often easier to fire under performing employees en masse for legal reasons. Fire one and they can claim discrimination etc. Be part of a layoff and there's not much argument. If it's just 20℅ it could just be cleaning out the ranks while continuing hiring. > Flat fares are designed to cover full fares for almost every trip, with a $20 limit for uberPOOL and $25 limit for uberX. You’ll be responsible for paying portions of the fare that exceed those maximums on each trip. The pricing felt convoluted even before I saw this part. I can't see this being worth the effort, if you can't even guarantee the $7 prices. While that's true in general, > Certainly, by the time Cortéz and his men arrived, it was already a thousand years old and entirely concealed by vegetation. That's pretty funny, I was just this morning looking up Quest bars on Amazon, and the comments were all furious that they had switched the fiber source in them to soluble corn fiber (ex https://www.amazon.com/review/R3B99075S9546R/ref=cm_cr_dp_cm... ) Maybe a good change overall, although it clearly wasn't driven by this study. No -- hydro is like solar, _if we had unfathomably large, incredibly cheap, low-leakage batteries_. The US southwest is generating hydro power using water it saved up from 30 years ago, behind the hoover and glen canyon dams. That is MANY ORDERS OF MAGNITUDE past what we can do with solar. Come back to me when battery technology has gotten even close to that. ? Except you're talking about _seasonal_ differences in sunlight availability. I'm really glad I'll be able to run my power-hungry electronics like a refrigerator during peak production times, like during the spring! We'll just have to make sure that people go to the hospital during probably-non-uninterruptible power windows. Sorry, but you're dealing with human beings and actual society, not a car factory. Leave me out of your plans. ... Pumped-storage hydro is pumping water behind a dam. You can TRY to hollow out the top of a mountain and put the water there (yeah, that's also suuuuuuper environmentally friendly), but it's incredibly difficult to do it at reasonable scale, and when it fails it wipes out towns. You'll find the only reasonable way to store enough water to make a difference it is to put it in a valley, where the terrain helps you. And in the end, you've just rube-goldberged your way to hydro power; to actually get scale, it has very comparable environmental impact to hydropower because it ends up being almost the same thing. The cranial cavities are definitely larger, although it's ambiguous whether that just means better vision. No source on me, but it's not hard to find. $75,000 gross retail, at a usually far smaller profit margin -- call it $7500. Do you seriously expect someone to hire a tax attorney for Australia over that much income? That's the price of walking into the door. IMO capital punishment is much more honest than life-without-parole. If you're going to throw someone in prison for the rest of their life, be honest about it and admit you are taking their life. Abolishing capital punishment to "fix" criminal justice is just closing your eyes and pretending to not see the issue. While that's true, the vast majority of people who are released on new evidence BECAUSE of the many appeals you get before execution. If those people hadn't been on death row, they'd still be rotting in prison. If you give people the option of throwing someone in prison and forgetting about them, or forcing them to actually decide on their guilt, they will always choose the former. If I was wrongly convicted, I would much, much, much rather be on death row than in for life-without-parole. Let me know when you've created an ideal criminal legal justice system. Fix the problems with wrongful conviction, lack of appeals, etc etc, and we can come back and abolish capital punishment. But right now, it's naiive to advocate for abolishing capital punishment, because in the absence of other reforms, it simply makes the current system worse. Unfortunately, it's very easy to be both experienced and terrible at your job. > please, don't blame it on communism/socialism; people have interests and I believe so do people in Venezuela (sic) This statement shows that you fundamentally don't understand the problems a socialist (or communist) economy runs into. People obviously have interests and incentives; people in Venezuela are people, just like people in the US. But you can have an economic structure which helps align those incentives with productive work -- in a market economy, those running the oil industry are heavily incentivized to actually _produce oil_ and get paid for it. When you have price controls and rampant shortages because of them, you can make far more money using your federal money to buy supplies and sell them on the black market, instead of fixing your oil rigs (because (1) you don't own the output and (2) the gas you sell is price controlled to ridiculously low levels). If you have a government which turns a blind eye to rampant theft and cronyism, you're not even taking risks by doing the above -- it's practically condoned. Russia, China, and Norway know that the government of Venezuela is just as likely to turn their kleptocratic ways on them, as soon as the going gets even tighter. The "state" oil industries in those countries are actually semi-private, and have actual financial incentives to not get screwed over. Please, start with yourself and let us know how it goes. Did you even read the article? The main example that broke the news about this was when the FDA announced regulations about e-cigarettes. The tobacco interests were staunchly opposed to the regulations, and the FDA wanted to prevent NPR + other journalists from getting comment from them. Try to actually read before injecting your politics. The phrase "thought crime" refers to opinion without action, not literally thinking. You're just being pedantic. "Oh it's not a crime to think, just to let other people know what you're thinking". Do you seriously think that makes any sense? > We've sent robots to Mars and the photos show it's just dust. We sent boats into the Atlantic, it turns out it's just water. Guess there's no point looking any farther. > a traffic jam increases GDP What? No, it doesn't, in any possible measure. Those are lost hours of productivity. That's all asset forfeiture, not civil. Read your own article: > A big chunk of that 2014 deposit, for instance, was the $1.7 billion Bernie Madoff judgment, most of which flowed back to the victims. Obviously nobody reasonable is endorsing civil asset forfeiture, but you don't have to falsify numbers to make that case. While I agree that highly refined carbs are bad, your second sentence is idiotic. Bugs are bugs. Many bugs live primarily on flower nectar. Don't do that. (most) bugs will ignore peanuts. Peanuts are good. Eat them. Besides, bugs will gladly eat wonder bread. Find an ant colony and try. > spend tens of thousands of dollars stocking up on food and weapons because they're convinced we're on the brink of nuclear war I mean, I haven't stockpiled anything personally, but honestly that's a pretty reasonable cost-benefit analysis. The world _is_ perpetually pretty close to nuclear war, if you treated the risk like any other day to day risk. (You probably spend more on health and house insurance than they spend on food, and IMO nuclear war is more likely than a given house catching fire in a year. The unknowable question of course is whether it will manifest in a way that your preparations matter) > We had a local chat start up but slack ate their lunch. Everyone here just uses the slack free tier. How do you compete against free? The point of division of labor (aka how civilization got built) is that it's not _necessary_ to spend time re-doing the same thing others are doing. Slack is giving you something for free that you don't _have_ to spend time or money building now. Now you have X engineers free to work on something actually innovative, not just a clone of X, and getting a cheap/free service from slack. The point of economic policy should not be to produce pointless jobs. Very few people would consider taxation based on "wealth" to be a fair system. Most people accept income taxes fair enough, but a taxation system based on wealth feels like (and is) simple confiscation. You hold $100. I hold $1. We live the same life, live the same services, make the same income, and you pay 100x the taxes, if you base it on wealth. Does this really feel fair? Even better, if you subtract out debt (as you suggest), this gives me an incentive to spend my money, rake up debt, and pay nothing -- wealth is now a liability, didn't you hear? Well, the Europeans refuse to consider using RTGs (scary radiation!), which pretty much cripples any attempts to make a non-trivial rover. > Not judging you at all You probably should have stopped your comment there, then. Well, I'll just state for the record that San Francisco is overrun by crazy, homeless, drug dealers, dropouts, and trash. Looking forward to being fired in 2019! You're just throwing out a grab bag of complaints. America can be very democratic and aggressive. Bhutan can be autocratic and insular. Russia can be autocratic and (selectively) militaristic. Russia has joke democratic credentials. You're a pawn or a fool if you think otherwise. Admitting the us is a more functional democracy doesn't stop you from disagreeing with our foreign policy. The Roman Empire was only stable on the parts bordering the Mediterranean, where you could quickly and (fairly safely) sail. Gaul, the Balkans, Brittania, etc were constantly rebelling or getting invaded. Lots of modern europe was never touched by the Roman Empire because it was too far from the water. It's a pretty standard tactic within municipal workforces to intentionally under-hire full time employees to "force" overtime among the remaining ones. Low level corruption. I don't really understand this sentiment, on either side. If we're able to set up a self-sustaining settlement on Mars, then we're going to be able to survive on Earth, no matter how badly we mess it up. Just build a bubble and pretend you're on Mars. Short of total thermonuclear war, it's hard to imagine any non-survivable world where we have that technology. On the other hand, _someone_ building a backup colony on Mars because _someone else_ decides to get in a nuclear war doesn't sound unreasonable. Plus, there are world ending scenarios outside our control. Meteors, volcanic activity, etc. Is that a lot? Nobody has actually died. Nobody has crashed. US airlines are incredibly safe as a form of transit. An airline flying older planes will have more issues. Someone will always have the most issues. I think it's cheap journalism to call them out without an actual compelling reason to think lives are at risk. I agree that the NYTimes should no longer be viewed as a neutral source; that doesn't mean that articles cannot be taken for what they are, often intellectual interesting and well-researched. Refusing to read articles from left or right leaning sources on principle is ironically the point of this article. This is the kind of numerically illiterate logic that now requires me to ask for a glass of water at a restaurant when I'm in CA. There are probably 10+ orders of magnitude difference between the couple gallons used here and the billions of gallons used in agriculture, industry, etc. Water isn't expensive at anything less than an industrial level, and using this will have 0 impact on the water shortage. You're operating off of an observability bias. The ones who spend all day writing op-eds in the NYTimes or WSJournal are more likely to be using a thin veneer of economics to shill for a particular policy. The ones doing actual actionable economics are publishing and working on policy in non-sexy journals you're never going to stumble across. Or working in invisible, non-controversial advisory roles. So yes... the economists spend their lives _not actually doing economics anymore_ are probably pushing politically motivated actions. Shocking! Scandal! To be "fair", they hate it because it's not a dogfighter. That's a really simplistic way of thinking about it. The red scare continued through the late 1950s (and the cold war continued for decades -- there was no lack of fear and suspicion). John Glen orbited the earth in 1962, in the middle of all this. The nation doesn't wake up, flip and coin and decide it's either optimistic or fearful one day. You can be scared of some things and optimistic about others. Or both at the same time. Or some people are optimistic, and others have more fears. It's complicated, but pithy quotes ("I'm just hoping for hope again") are stupid. Yeah. Having a common fear or enemy is often the _cause_ for optimism and rallying around common goals. It's stupid to suggest that fear prevents us from striving for great things. Um, you must also have had a pretty spotty education, because you missed the part where the fuel embargo was to stop the ongoing genocide the Japanese were conducting against China. Don't act like the world would have been A- ok if we had just been ok selling gas to power genocides.