> The one thing that I've come to realize is that we're losing. The web is now closed. Owned by Facebook and Twitter for the most part. Nah.. They're both losing users. The problem with "modern" internet is, that there's more and more people using it, and that makes the numbers 'weird'. The number of IRC users is probably higher than it was in the late 1990s/early 2000s. But back then only geeks used internet, and only they were on irc.. and now.. a lot of them are still there, just that now there is a bunch of of other people on facebook. As we've seen with myspace, digg, etc., and as we're seeing with tumblr and also facebook now, younger, more tech-savy users have no issues with changing platforms.. from facebook to tumblr to snapchat to instagram to SomethingNew(TM). One "bad" turn of events, one company that doesn't want to sell to facebook, and the "owned by" sentance will be completely different in a couple of years. Yep, it just takes a "NewHotApp(TM)" for the kids to migrate to there, forget about their facebook accounts, and their parents will follow in a couple of years. Considering most younger people don't actively use facebook anymore, their (facebooks) only chance is to buy the NewHowApp company every couple of years (khm.. instagram.. khm,... whatsapp..) But knowing the flaw makes it insecure. Nah, all the old services are still out there and still work. You can still use irc, you can still set up your own mail and web server. There are even new alternatives, from tor to other hidden/dark/free...nets. But people are too lazy, and find the "just use the largest corporate platform" very convenient, especially if it's "free". edit: ...which is a problems, since also your viewers only use that "one big" platform, and don't check elsewhere. This works in a non monopolized system. If you live in a large city with many different stores, and you get banned for one of them for wearing a blue shirt, that doesn't matter too much. If you live in a remote city with one wallmart and no other stores, and wallmart bans you, that's a problem. Yes, there are alternatives, but 97% of the market is definitely a monopoly. The problem isn't you and me, the problem is "the most". In my time, we all hung out on IRC (well, some still do, but mostly for technical stuff). But IRC was like ARP and IP, you needed to set some parameters, enter a server address (that you had to look up in a paper magazone or had to ask a friend for it), you had to join a channel, that you had to find first (listing all channels was useless on larger ircnets), and then you could chat. ...and you had to be online to receive messages, which was a problem back then with dialup connections. Then came "social networks" (myspace, facebook,...), where all you needed to know was "myspace.com", and they offered objectively "more" than irc (chat messages were recorded even if you were offline, photos, profile pages,...), and people started using those. So if you wanted to chat with friends, you had to make an account there. And most people slowly migrated to myspace, and then facebook, and so on. Anyone can build a website, set up video streaming, buy virtual machines for video hosting, etc. But if "all of your friends" (97%(?) of video watchers) open up youtube, and search for videos there, and your video is not there, it's the same if you were alone on an empty irc channel with two other users on the irc server. Youtube is not a chat app, where you have 10 alternatives (whatsapp, viber, wechat, fb , telegram, signal,...), but it's the site where most users search for videos, and if eg. wallmart had such a monopoly as youtube does, if they decide not to sell your products, you're basically fu ked. This is not something a kid learning basic html/js can do easily, since he probably uses windows, and doesn't even know how to navigate in the command prompt. The "click on the html file on the desktop" just works(TM) But.. it's the only thing we have. Until some "pgp alternative" for signing and encrypting emails comes along, and is adopted by "most" email clients, it's the best thing we've got, even if it's "bad". So they can tax (the profits, price difference) when they sell it. This is easily fixed by governments doing their jobs. In this case, FAA (or whoever the regulator is) should verify if the "minor change" is a new coffee machine on board, or has the engine been moved. And then, progressively larger fines (comparative to potential damage caused in the event of failure) to offset the "savings" by misdeclaring the scope of changes. Not everywhere. In Slovenia (and some other countries probably), we have a "zunajzakonska skupnost", which rougly translated means "out-of-wedlock relationship". If two people live together for a (undefined) "long" amount of time, and act in a way married couple do, they can be treated exactly as a married couple would be. That means, that one of the partners can claim they lived together in an "zunajzakonska skupnost", and everything acquired during the relationship canbe treated the same as with marriage, and split in half (unless someone proves they contributed significantly more,...). The existance of "zunajzakonska skupnost" iz not well defined and has to be decided in court, but it can bring many many problems. We also have only recently legalized prenups. Oh, and living wills are very very limited too. ..so yeah... > However, in principle, I agree with the idea of having a cashless economy, so that government has data to see who is lying in their tax returns. This is really bad, because it prevents any kind of privacy. Want to buy a huge dildo from HugeDildos Inc.? Now you can just pay with cash. With cashless economies, you will now have their company name on your bank statements. And this is just a stupid example. What do you do in a case where you have legalized Marijuana at a state level and illegal at federal level (like in us). You can sell it in your state, but you cannot get a bank account. And what happens if there's a blackout? How do you buy food? Here, only one has to claim it, but they have to prove it in court. Usually this is usually done by proving they lived together, bought things together, etc. and if there were other elements of a relationship. I have no idea what happens if two non-romantic roomates buy a couch together, and one of them moves out though. I'm not saying it's easy... I'm just saying that the parts of the government, that should be controlling this, are not doing their jobs. But I agree, that with a high enough level of corruption (from low-key bribing an inspector, to higher up lobbying at highest government levels), doing this efectively is impossible.. That's just the first step. They lowered the limit to 420eur for independent contractors and companies here in Slovenia. They wanted to lower it to 50eur, but luckily failed. It's not perfect, but it does it job, and usually it's simpler/faster to write code than in some other langues (usually with the cost of worse readability). Not just that. Anything that takes 19 seconds, will probably be refreshed after 10 and closed after 15 seconds. IF the government did their job, it would be easy. Catching speeders on the road is easy (trivially, you just need a radar gun, or an automated radar mounted in a car). Getting the police out of their offices and to actually do their job is hard (atleast here, in my country). This could be a problem Usually the lowest TTL on the wire is '1' - the next router then subtracts 1, the value is zero, and the packet is dropped on the same router (and icmp sent back). If someone didn't put an aditiional if() to check, this could cause many problems, especially with broadcasts. And why would they check, if no device sends out packets like this normally (without someone else not doing an if() check, or if someone sent those packets on purpose). Since the technology moves on so fast, shortening the patent expiration to eg. 1year would solve most of the problems. Companies get 1 year head start (which is a lot), and after 1 year, we all benefit. ...or they just included some [pupular ad library] that has gone bad, and noone checked. And not just that.. they optimize sales as far as they can. Everything is in a box (no need to arrange things carefuly on shelves), huge barcodes (faster scanning), larger items on pallets (just bring a new pallet in when old one is empty), just a few people work there and do everything, etc. They sometimes also buy everything you have to get a cheaper price (a friend of mine has a rather large vegetable farm, and they offered to buy literally all the produce to get a lower price.. he doesn't have to deal with sales that year, and they get it cheaper). I like aldi, and buy a bunch of stuff there (i'm not sponsored by them), but at the same time, you know what you're buying - need a drill? They sell a perfectly ok one for really cheap... for a casual user, who uses a drill once every few months. What I don't like is some other stores selling the same items (just branded differently) for 2x the price. If you need a good drill for professional use, there are just a few companies that make them good - and you probably know them all. If you need something cheap, you'll get it cheaper at a store like aldi (or lidl, or similar) than at [hardware store] under their brand, or even some reputable brands. Stupid example: https://www.productreview.com.au/listings/aldi-food-dehydrat... This was sold here for 30eur at aldi. Gorenje is/was a reputable brand here, and they sell theirs for 50eur: https://www.mimovrste.com/susilniki-sadja/gorenje-susilnik-h... Just look at the photos and compare. A wee bit offtopic, but if we look at the VW/dieselgate, and the aftermath of it all, and the class-actions, returns, refunds, etc, and hyundai/kia lies about gas milage and people getting refunds for gas... ...when is something like this going to happen to intel? We've bought CPUs with excpectations of promised performance (like people did with emission expectations and gas milage expectations), they messed up, and we get lower speed, and now no hyperthreading and still no refunds? If i bought a 60" TV and the picture was only 50" with a black border around, i'd return it immediately... why isn't there some action regarding CPUs? 10 years? Of course not. But if i bought it yesterday, I'd expect a refund. Just consider that they were still selling affected CPUs even when they knew about the vulnerabilities and even after the papers were published. If you look at it this way, then the computer manufactures are to blame, and you should be refunded by them. That's the same as buying a car from CarCompany(TM) with an A/C and a Android Car touchscreen interface/radio/..., and an automatic android updates disables your A/C and changes the engine paramters so you have 20hp less... wouln't you expect "them" to fix it? As a consumer, you shouldn't have to worry if it's googles fault or CarCompanies(TM) fault, you should be able to take it to the dealer and have them fix it or give you a refund, or atleat 'do something'? I know of no mass refunds (as it was with volkswagen) due to spectre/meltdown, and slowing your pc down by 30% after the first patch, and as it seems losing hyperthreading seems like a defective unit to me. > - During peak production periods, resignations are not approved. How the hell do they enforce this? As it seems, it's not the nicotine that is the problem in these cases here. And nicotine is not a thing that kills your lungs (except making you addicted), it's the "other things", and those are also in non-niccotine vapes (and different ones in classic cigarettes). In my country, if you earn 80%+ of your income as a contractor from a single company (with some limitations), you're labeled as dependant contractor, and special rules apply (eg: they can't just break a contract, they must give notice first, etc). Well.. in some countries, games/programs were even broadcasted on public FM radio stations. Gentoo does it for firefox-bin: /usr/portage/www-client/firefox-bin/firefox-bin-69.0.ebuild MOZ_HTTP_URI="https://archive.mozilla.org/pub/mozilla.org/${MOZ_PN}/releases/" ... SRC_URI="${SRC_URI} amd64? ( ${MOZ_HTTP_URI%/}/${MOZ_PV}/linux-x86_64/en-US/${MOZ_P}.tar.bz2 -> ${PN}_x86_64-${PV}.tar.bz2 ) x86? ( ${MOZ_HTTP_URI%/}/${MOZ_PV}/linux-i686/en-US/${MOZ_P}.tar.bz2 -> ${PN}_i686-${PV}.tar.bz2 )" If you buy a software (eg office 2003) you can still use it after a year, after office 2007 comes out, and 2010, etc. and even today. It doesn't have all the new features, but if you just need it to do "one thing" it works. Buying a subscription plan might be cheaper than buying all those versions/upgrade, but why buy if the "first" version still does what you need? This is of course from the users standpoint. Considering how much a used golf with a lowered odometer costs in the balkans (imported from germany), that's quite a weird theory. Putin is popular, because he's better than what was before (i'm speaking mostly of the old drunk). And also because he does stuff that a lot of russians actually like. A lot of people (mostly westeners) don't understand, that if someone gets back "historic russian territory" from a "neighbor" you don't really like, and noone can do anything about that, that's a good thing for Russia. It's bad for the neighbors, it's bad for NATO, it's bad for everyone else who wants to influece Russia, but for Russia, it's a good thing. It's the same thing with Trump... he does this, he does that, outrage everywhere, and in the end, EU is even more fuc*ed, Chinese send threats but can't do anything, and USA gets richer, old industries come back, people get jobs, get paid more, etc. And some wonder why he won. > The stuff literally disintegrates if you have it in the drier to often. Sadly enough this is also true for the men’s wear. H&M stuff for me never tears or gets holes. Mine just stretches in places where it shouldn't stretch (eg. T-shirt sleeves - how the hell do those stretch?! I don't have steroid-monster arms. I have a If a new (whole) car(tv,washing machine,...) costs 20k (...) ($,€,..doesn't matter), and you want to replace some parts, the cost of just a few parts quickly becomes higher than a whole new unit. In a modern car, just replacing a few parts costs more than a whole car (both front lights ~1k(eur), rear ones 500eur, ac compressor 500eur(+), radio/navigation unit 1k, foldable mirrors 500eur, 'smart' rearview mirror up to 1k, etc...). If the sum of costs of all parts to assemble a car is above 2x the price of the car, someone is getting ripped off, and we all know who that is. Same with laptops... lcd assembly on a shitty 600eur laptop was quoted as 400eur+tax here (luckily ebay exists) - and that's without labour. > they are productive when working in a different environment As someone from the balkans... it's not the enviroment that makes people productive (it can make them unproductive though), but the productive people choose to change their enviroment to one, where they can be more productive. And this is true for both plumbers and engineers. Just take a successfull good worker (and a bad one if you want), and put them into a shitty low-paying government job, where it takes three weeks to order a replacement computers mouse... shitty workers stay there ("i'm waiting for a mouse, can't work now, but i'm still getting paid") and good ones try to find a better oportunity elsewhere (and for shitty locations, that means far away, in a different country). This (the amount of taxes, and shitty predictions for the failure of this system) is true for most european countries (although you get more and better stuff in some countries). When the system collapses in one country, the others will go down fast, and we'll have a huge problem then. Yes, and in slovenia it's 25%, and in other countries its at mostly the same level. Then theres's health insurance (12.92% in slovenia). Only after that you get income taxes. And above that you get VAT (22% here) for your services. So basically, you charge your customers ~5k, and get ~2k of net payout (the rest goes to the government) ... and that's without any actual business expenses. Denmark has even higher taxes, but the country still works better than italy. Calculating taxes is pretty easy in most countries, especially if you have to do it yourself (eg. independent contractors, etc.). The only problem here is, that once one country fails (eg. they stop paying out pensions), all the other ones will go into full panic mode, and the shit will hit the fan. Government jobs are really really bad at this. Small companies are a lot better at this (atleast here).. the last time i worked at an international one, they sent me an email two weeks before i started there, saying basically "we don't choose the devices, but we have a 5k(eur) budget for a work computer, and you pick everything yourself - we suggest two monitors and a 'real' (non laptop) keyboard and mouse + a docking station", I emailed them the list, and everything was waiting on my desk. There was also a policy of buying small stuff we needed ourselves and getting paid back (keyboard stopped working?, don't ask, just buy/order it, and sent the receipt to accounting to get reimbursed). And after two years, we were allowed to buy the written off equipment for 5-10eur/piece. It has a lot of potential for abuse, but in that setting it worked great. You have to charge your customers the VAT, so if you're employed as a plumber, you actually have to charge the customers directly everything including the VAT. It's not the you who pays it directly, but you have to earn your company the amount including the vat. The amount is split between you and your employer, but if you're self employed it doesn't really matter (and in any way, it's you who has to earn the company the whole amount). Here's the calculator: https://data.si/izracun-place/ In "01 Plača" in "Plača" enter the gross monthly amount, and at the right side ("03 Izračun", there's "Strošek izplačevalca" (what the employer pays all together), and "Neto plača" (net pay you get). Just the part was 400eur. probably 50-100eur more for labor. I got a used replacement on ebay for less than 100eur, and replaced it myself. This! Top are doctors, engineers, small business owners, etc., and usually, they are the ones who get hit with the highest taxes (atleast around here in europe). The super rich have ways to move their money, the ones above usually don't. If by "the wealthiest" you mean millionares and billionaires, then you must also know that they have ways to move their money around to avoid those taxes. Some programmer with 200k wage, living in an ultra expensive city, doesn't. Doesn't amazon pay road taxes for their trucks (or whatever they're called over there)? If you have a class full of "good" students, it's a lot easier to work and teach, than with a class where 1/3 is almost illiterate, 1/3 doesn't care at all, and only 1/3 actually wants to learn. Higher the frequency, less radiation penetration there is (skin effect), so higher = "better" No it doesnt. It can work with more on 60GHz, or it can work with the same amount on the same frequencies as 4G. And in either way - more towers, less power per tower. No it wont require, it will be able to work on the same frequencies as 4G does. It can use more towers at higher frequencies in really really crowded areas or industrial setups, but those work at lower power outputs, and penetrate the body less (due to higher frequencies). If there was an outbreak of cancers at the right side of the head (the place where we usually hold our phone while talking on it), we'd know. But there aren't. > And the character's suffering was depicted as entirely mental. That's because it is entirely mental. Blind tests were done on people, and their ability to recognise a radiation source was the same as random picking. Anybody claiming to be able to sense radiation can be tested simply by taking two mobile phones, turning one off (leaving one connected to the internet and doing something online), putting both in a bag/under a bucket/..., having someone else randomly swap their position and trying to guess which is the one that is radiating at the moment. I can guarantee you're guesses will be around 50% in the long run, so basically random guesses. How the hell do you prove it's safe? Try proving carrots are safe. This is just some youtuber soccer moms spreading FUD. "massive" sounds more dangerous. Saying there's mimo in 4G and even wifi is doesn't generate so many clicks on articles. Why not take the top 20% (or whatever number) of the lower class, and give them a change to go to a higher class? and the same for the bottom 20% of the higher (who maybe aren't able to keep up) to go to the lower class. Considering a lot of changes during puberty, and these tests done before onset of puberty, we don't know what happens later. Without looking at other age groups, we never know. Most teachers in those age groups are (in most countries) women, but I agree about inequality when one-gender-only scholarships are offered. More research has to be done on other age groups. There are ethics problems with active involvement, but brain differences have been observed in other animals too ( https://www.newscientist.com/article/dn13596-male-monkeys-pr... ) Most phones do nothing (except charge) when plugged, until you actively choose the option (file sharing, usb debugging,...). And other projects will apear, all the people that visit sites like this one here, will switch, and slowly transition their families. Majority will conitniue "suffering" since they already don't have adblocks installed. > About homosexuality for example, my naive vision is that it was "not OK" until very recently Well... it was not "OK" until recently for some time. But was "OK" for some time before that. Atleast in some places... well.. atleast ancient greeks and romans didn't seem to care about that. For cheating (and all sorts of other stuff) on linux, you can always use scanmem (also has a gui): https://github.com/scanmem/scanmem We cannot excpect a private company to continue paying for resources they don't want to. But giving a "export all the data in xml/json/whatever" button, and maybe even opensourcing the now-abandoned component serving this data, would be nice move. The first part could even become a regulative requirement some day. In slovenia, that's the "default" option (for mastercard and visa atleast). You need a special "loan mastercard" to be able to do partial pays. The main difference is, that then, "backup" ment copying everything by hand, and now, it means one simple copy-paste. Considering the size and price of modern hard drives, and relatively small size of old archives, any one individual can backup a huge amount of data (and even offer/share it as a download link/torrent seed/etc). Their whole Library would probably fit even on a smallest now-available sd card. Ok.. i want to serve tiles... ok, I go here: https://switch2osm.org/serving-tiles/ First option (Build a tile server using packages) ... i click on it.. ubuntu packages... i don't have ubuntu here, let's go back. Second option (Build a tile server from source), takes me here: https://switch2osm.org/?page_id=76 ... where is the documentation? How do i build it from source? Ok fsck it, let's try the "all in one solution"... https://switch2osm.org/serving-tiles/using-an-all-in-one-sol... ... "Page not found" So.. either install ubuntu, or figure it out by myself? > I for instance sell a product, but to unlock its feature set you first need to upload a picture of your family back to my company via the app. That would really make me refund your product. I'd be happy just if they were forbidden to change articles after publishing, and not say that. Because currently, they post some bullshit news and create some random outrage. Then someone points at some bullshit claim in their article, and they just quietly change the article (remove the claim, add "allegedly", etc.), and act as nothing was wrong. Or in worst case scenario, they quietly remove the whole article. Why would you approve location access to an app that doesn't require it? The only thing I miss is "ask me everytime" option on android (atleast until 9), where you want to post an instagram photo with geotag now , let them do a location lookup once , and after that disable the location access (so, a "give permission for one lookup", instead of going to settings, enabling location, posting, back to settings, disabling location access). Users still want to see those pages. If browser X removes the UA string, that site brakes for them, and they change to browser Y that still has the old useragent. Is there a price? Taking a raspberrypi zero, a camera, 4g modem, a couple of batteries and a charge circuit can turn any large-enough object into a hidden camera, for It’s the responsibility of the manufacturer In case of google (android), it's the manufacturer (of the OS) earning money on this But it spreads much faster... 3% of a billion people infected is quite a lot. Otherwise most reports cite that the dead were people who were already on their "deathbeds", and would (probably) die from a normal flu + complications (eg. pneumonia) anyways... but there are a few cases of younger people who died, that wouldn't if this was a "normal" flu. I work in some other industry with some other software which is "our SAP"... and i look at it as "another IBM". You have a bunch of smaller companies with different products, and whichever you pick, it will have some faults, missing features bugs, etc., and you'll the the one blamed for picking the "wrong" software. ...or you pick IBM/SAP/..., which is "de facto standard" in your {industry}, and whatever is wrong, is not your fault, but IBMs/SAPs/...s. So, someone starting up a vpn and opening incognito mode? +ip +browser version +some os info +fonts info +screen resolution (well.. viewport size) + + + I live in europe, so it may be different here/there. The cars here in ads are shown as very cheap (but zero extras). Want cruise control? 300eur. Want powered back windows? 200eur. This? 500eur. That? 300eur. So a car with a price of 12.000eur is 15.000 just after the basic necessities for a comfortable ride (without heated seats, adaptive cruise control, sunroof etc). Automatic transmissions are usually the most expensive 'extra' here. All those things are usually covered by warranty (~5years for most). And most cars here need oil replacement ("service done") every 15.000, 20.000 or even 30.000 kilometers (a bit under 10k miles a bit under 20k miles). I dont't know why americans like changing oil so much. I had an old hyundai last 320.000km that way (service every 20.000), until it was too rusty to fix (engine running without issues). The problem is, that it's hard to find an otherwise good phone with a jack. Want good photos, lots of storage, fast cpu, and a good screen? You need a flagship phone. Want security updates for stuff like this now? You're either stuck with Pixel phones or Samsung galaxy S? ones (or iphones)... pixel doesnt have one anymore, galaxy s20 is rumored it wont have one, and iphones don't have one. My ISP has to obey the rules of my government, and it is not allowed to sell my data. It's in my country, with my regulatory bodies and close enough that I (or a group of people like me) can sue them, if they start doing bad things. What the hell am I supposed to do again cloudflare? My ISP is legally bound to respect my privacy. I have regulatory bodies literally 10 minutes away, that can deal with tham, and a court system where I (and many more like me) can sue the ISP if they do something bad. What can I, citizen of small EU country, with an en_US firefox, do against cloudflare? What should we/they do? Even in real-life, you're never sure, when someone recommends a product, be it a salesman in a brick and mortar store ("this one here is a lot better then that one there", even at the same price, could mean different profits). With platforms like youtube, you have atleast minimal trust in a few youtubers you follow regularly (and this literally means "a few"), but doing a random search means 80% chance the reviewer got sponsoder or atleast received the product for free in exchange for a good review. Star systems on sellers pages have their own sets of issues... usually people don't write reviews at all if the product is good, and complain only after it breaks (unless they're 'paid' for the review). The problem is in the healthcare capacities. I live in a country with ~2mio people. If you're patient zero here, you get a comfy private room, your own bed, 5 doctors, 10 nurses, whole research teams, respirators, priority with all the tests, examinations, etc. Same for patient 1, 2, 3. If 200k people get infected (10% of population), and only 10% of those need extra medical care, that's 20.000 people. We don't have that many hospital beds, doctors, respirators.. probably not even enough medicine (some test have shown that malaria medicine and aids medicine works on some people). You get thrown into an army tent or a school gym with many more ill people, and you get almost zero resources. Need a respirator? Sorry, only 5 available at that location, and are used on other people.. or kids.. or pregnant women... and you can just slowly suffocate. China built a hospital in a couple of days. I don't think there's a country in EU that can do anything remotely fast as that.. we probably need 10 days just to discuss where to put the emergency tents, and even then we'd get protesters not wanting them there. Same probably in the USA. We also don't have companies making respirators and other medical equipment. Large countries who do, are making them for their own hospitals (if they're not stuck in paperpushing hell with the government). Basically, if there's a wide-spread epidemic, a lot of people will get really really fscked. But if you get a bunch of "it's just a flu" people, who sneeze everywhere and don't wash their hands, that "1%" number gets higher. I'm not saying we should close up the whole country, but basic measures (you're ill, even if it is just a flu, you stay home... people must wash hands. Hand desinfectants at stores, schools, etc. No large gatherings if it's not neccessary. If you can, work from home, if someone near you got sick. etc) There's probably a guy who broke his leg and stayed at home wondering, why everyone at the office hates him. That's why you isolate everyone. We (smaller company, also in eu, with infections in neighboring countries already) have a plan to just work from home, when first cases appear here. It's not 100% potection of course, but just reducing contact between people.. especially 8h/day in offices, where people sneeze, cough, eat, pick their noses, etc, helps. They could say, someone on the marketing team got sick, and quarantine (=work from home) the whole team or the whole floor. Or just say "someone on the third floor". Or just make the whole building work from home. If youtube's automated system detects a copyrighter (eg.) song, the user should be given an option to say "no, it's not copyrighter, or it's fair use, etc", after that, the claim should be forwarded to the copyright owner. The copyright owner would then verify if it is indeed a copyright infringement, and if they believe it is, and the user still believe it isn't, the case should be brought to some quivalent of "small claims court", where both sides would present their sides, and the loser has to pay some fine (not too large, but still high enough to deter pointless cases.. eg $1000 (to cover the court cost), and damages up to eg. $1000 due to lost views, or damages due to unlicenced distribution). Basically, make it worth fighting for, if you're sure you're right in what you're doing, and not too expensive, when eg. Sonys lawyers build a multi-year case, destroying you financially, even if you're doing the right thing. > The three-year, $150-million program Three year. Would you quit your job, and move somewhere cheaper if you knew the money will run out after three years, and you'll have a three year gap in your CV? Are there really no lottery winners winning lifetime monthly payouts to study? Because, if you gave me 5x average earnings for three years, I wouldn't quit my job. But if you guaranteed the money for the rest of my life, i'd pursue different activities (fun, good for me, but non-productive for society). Yes, usually to stay rich. > Sure, these things aren't economically productive The problem with UBI is, that you need people to be economically productive, to create money for fudning the UBI. Also, how many of those microservices do exactly the same thing, but are implemented by different people who don't know about the other microservices existing. In some indistries, that means thousands of people without work, and hundreds of other companies in the supply chain going bankrupt, and even more people without work. Sometimes it's cheaper to bail out the main company, then to deal with the unemployed, many more bankrupt companies etc. But some regulation should be put in place... if a CEO fscked up the company so much, it needed government bailout, they don't deserve a bonus, no matter what their contract says. A good system would also be, to turn a bailout into a 'long-term loan' from the government, and have a mandatory percentage of the companies profits go to repaying the 'loan', with some regulation on internal business (to prevent dumping everything to a new, 'clean' company, and letting the old shell fail). In good times, companies work "at capacity" and all the problems are between the owners and the managers. If managers fsck up, the owners will deal with them, or lose their own money. If something fails, people will still excpect those products, other companies will take the workers, etc. (so if you're a pilot, AA goes under, people will still need to travel, so other companies will need more pilots). In the time of crisis (like now), (almost) noone flies, and no company needs pilots (neither their own, nor new employees). In some countries (eg. mine, slovenia), the government has also forbiden flights (and other modes of public transport). In this case, where you have a successful company, and the government says you're not allowed to do your core business, but also not allowed to lay off employees, and they still expect all the taxes, dues and paycheks paid, ...'something' has to be done (either bailouts, or special laws (like here now), where you don't have to pay some government fees, can put workers to "wait for work" (less pay, but still employed), etc.). I'm from slovenia, a small, former yugoslav country. We don't have special schools for math here, and elementary schools (7-15yo in my time) were the same for all, and you went to the closest school to your home... but our highschool ("gymnasiums" - 15-19) used the grades from elementary school + standardized testing scores to rank students, and somehow best students went to certain schools, 'the middle' got accepted o others, and shitty students went to shitty schools and other, non-general schools. The biggest difference wasn't separating kids into math classes and language classes, but genrally separating them by "good" and "bad". Having a random mix of students, where some can barely read, and others read two books per week (or some can barely multiply, while others code math problems for fun), is a very hard job for the professor, because in the end, they have to lower their standards, expectations, and the quantity of material until most students scrape by. Having a group of students that are good at "school stuff", means the teachers are having very little problems with the basics and can continue faster and prepare students better for university and life. If we had separation for stem-talented students, and language-talented and *-talented, it would be even better. So basically... group better students together, and you can do a lot more with them, if you don't have to pull the 'bad' students behind. I am aware that this is bad for 'bad' students, and that it should be fixable somehow (they should have options to move to better schools), but good students thrive without idiots in class. I dont know about the second part... but i'm sure glad I didn't jave illiterate trouble-causers in my class (as i did in elementary school (7-15yo)). One such disrupter can take away easilly 10 minutes of a class hour, and 1/3 of the class not understanding basics, means the teacher has to try again and again to teach them the things they should already know, while the rest of tle class stagnates. If it was something that affected only those individuals, noone would care. The problem is, that someone else can be irresponsible, and you die because of that. > Today if I want to send someone a photo I took on I need to grant it permissions to read all of my storage Yes > That's dumb In that context, yes. But: > An interactive sandbox UX I like a lot is an app giving me a dialog "Allow", "Deny" with an additional "Remember" button Everytime you'd want to access any file (eg. upload a saved photo to instagram), you'd get a permissions prompt, and everybody clicks "allow all" after the second time. The workaround is to have the app ask the trusted OS module to open the file selector, and the user then selects the file, and the app only gets access to that one file. This works for instagram for example. ...but! This doesnt work for file browser apps, file synchronisation apps, backup apps, etc. This also doesn't work with instagram, which offers to upload the last photo taken when you select photo (instead of camera), because it doesn't have permission to load it, and that means an additional step just to select the photo. If you want instagram photos to be saved to your device storage, instagram either needs permission to write to some folder, or it has to ask the os (and then user) where to save the photo every time. If you want security, features and user friendliness, you're basicaly fscked But we do just that. Every car has to pass a bunch of certifications to be legal to drive on the road. It has to pass a (4-, 2- or 1-)yearly checkup, has to be registered, insurance has to be paid, road tax, etc. Also the driver has to pass a theoretical and a practical exam, has to be of certain age, not be under influence of any of many substances, has to obey a bunch of traffic laws, etc. And we also have check for all that, from police controls, to speed cameras, alco-testers, etc. I just hope more companies consider working from home even after this. I've talked with some buddies of mine, and i've heard massively different results (from productivity a lot higher than on-premises work (one of the companies is a shared-space coding house... so it's very understandable), to practically zero productivity (public sector, they've actually hired a private detective due to issues).. I know working from home all the time is not optimal, but reducing the "drive to work" days and replcing then with "work from home" for people who prefer that would be great. The biggest problems with such UBI experiments is the limited time of the experiment. If I had a shitty, dead-end job, and someone offered me (eg.) 80% of an average paycheck in my country, FOR 2 YEARS, i'd be happier than before, and use that money to pay off loans, buy a new car, go for a vacation, etc., and keep my curent job. If I had a shitty, dead-end job, and someone offered me (eg.) 80% of an average paycheck in my country, FOREVER(!), i'd probably quit, and live off UBI, and do other stuff (fun for me, but litle of value to to wider society, and with probably zero tax money to feed the UBI system). ...or, probably move somewhere, where I can get more for that amount of money. Most countries have lottery systems made up in a way, that you can opt for a bulk sum or get monthly payouts from the lottery... i'm sure, that we could find people, who get monthly sums somewhere in the interesting rage, to check how they're doing now.... but usually, looking at loterry winners does not show results in favour of giving people "free money". The problem with "universal" is, that someone with an average paycheck doesn't get anything, because he pays back the same amount he gets in taxes. And the 'average' paycheck is not an 'average' in the term we use now (where we just look at the workers, add up their paychecks and divide by their number), but we also have to add up all the non workers (kids, pensioners, unemployed, studens,...) with "0 EUR" paychecks, and divide by the number of them too, because they'd get UBI too. The problem with using some shiny new library/software/app/technology is, that it might dissapear in a year. The developers will move on to new companies, and work with some new shiny tech, and all your codebase will be useless due to a unmaintained library and no new people (developers) who know how to use it. I wanted to make an example that it was like starting work at a company, and seeing that they're still using phpBB (but with a 1 year old library)... but it seems phpBB is still being developed... > I've had periods of years in my life where I didn't have to think about money. After a short period of faffing off, I started doing all sorts of stuff. Some of it of direct value to society (volunteering) and some of it perhaps indirectly so (teaching myself new skills, working on 'products' that could be useful). I mean, even just spending time with others who themselves had it in short supply and valued my company could be considered 'useful to society'. Do those activities generate enough money, so that government collects enough taxes from you, to cover your UBI + all the other costs (roads, schools,...)? If not, you're still a net burden on society. > People want to be useful. People want to be valued and needed. People want to be creative. Of course people want to be useful and creative. But peoples usefullness and creativeness has to create atlest 2xUBI of taxes (one that goes back to the worker and one that goes to someone who get UBI but doesnt work) + all the other costs. If you're capable of doing stuff you like, being creative, liking that work, and creating that much income, why are you not doing it now? > I consider it quite possible, or at least worth properly exploring, a society that provides in the basic needs regardless of whether you do pointless work for pointless company to allow you to spend your downtime on pointless consumption and entertainment (because no energy for anything else). Problem with this society is, that it also requires people who are working, to cover the cost of the poeple who are not working. Curretnly most countries do that for a very small percentage of unemployed (welfare), and most people in those countries are already complaining about the high taxes. If you raise the taxes on the people left working, and let others live relatively normal lives without working, you'll get less and less of the former and more of the later. Yes, non-workers will create music, art, will travel, write blogs, etc., but none of that generates enough income to cover even their own cost. I'm skeptical about this too.... especialy if the UBI was the 'thing' that got them elected in the first place. And people would be protesting because they'd be losing 'free money'. With 80% of an average finnish paycheck, you can live a really great life in one of the southern or eastern european countries, with a car and tools too. > But the biggest benefit of ubi imo is that if you want to spend your time, say, building a new product or clearing your mind in order to be more productive in the future, you will have that option. Tho I do see a lot of people just sitting around doing nothing, and ubi leading to inflation. How many "normal" people, above 40, with minimal education, currently packing meat, cleaning the streets, or picking up produce will spend that time to build a new product? You and your 'startup buddies'.. maybe. Most, not. > Imo the best way to implement ubi is by automating as much as possible, to increase productivity > If a robot makes 10 times more shoes, then taxing that bot the equivalent of 5 full time workers is fair. But we're already doing this.... a washing machine cost a couple of paychecks here (former yugoslavia), and now i can buy one for less than 20% of an average paycheck (not yugoslavia anymore, but i haven't moved). If we tax the automation "difference", then we have to go back to old, pre-automation prices. How much profit does VOX make on this: https://www.mimovrste.com/pralni-stroji/vox-wm-1051-pralni-s... 221.90EUR washing machine? 22% of that is VAT, a part of the price pays for "free" transport to the home, then the seller has to earn something, import duties, transport from china(?) to slovenia, manufacturing, raw materials, testing, development + 5 year guarantee (anything happens, a technician comes to your home to fix it... just the cost of that is probably more than the whole washing machine profit). + all other cost (loss, items destroyed in transport, returns, etc. I don't see a lot of profit for the manufacturer here... and and tax would just be moved onto the consumer who'd have to pay a higher price (so they'd need higher UBI, higher tax, higher price,...). Does library-support-wise (well, software-wise). Trying to find a developer with phpbb experience now, would be a totally different story. If you provide something that the society wants, they're willing to pay for it. If you make good beer, people will buy it, if you make good music, people will pay for tickets to listen to your shows, if you make great art, people will buy it,... Tax revenue is just a percentage of the income you make. Is your work/activity/service really worth anything, if noone is willing to pay for it? Better question is, after they took away/shrunk down the service, did they lower the taxes because of that cost saving? In slovenia, we still have the "financial crisis" (2008) 22% VAT, which we "temporary" increased back then (from 20%). This is what a bunch of people said on 9/11. And very soon after that, everybody was flying again (although, after that, they got groped by security, and had to buy expensive airport drinks) > You ask them about it and they say that the pandemic is an old person's problem. "if I get corona" guy has lots of friends it seems. Technically, if we could isolate/protect the old/risky people, this would be great for herd immunity. The "if i get corona" guy would probably just have flu-like symptoms, and contribute further to herd immunity by infecting other people, same age as him at same parties as he's going. > Is it all just... human inability to calculate risks and our focus on the "flashy"? I think this ^ Plus, on the ground we think we have control... someone sick comes on the bus, we think we can 'escape' from the bus on that (or next) station. Same with general safety.... if you drive a car, you think you're invincible, and that your superpower reflexes and supersenses will predict anything happening around you, and you'll be able to avoid any accident... but on a plane, engines stop working, and there's literally nothing you can do, sometimes for many minutes until you (probably) crash and die. Of course, statistics show different safety numbers, but for most people, statistics is about "them" and not "us". But how much food can you buy with all the things you've listed as something you didn't get paid for? How much rent can you pay? How many plumbers, electricians can you call with your mothers love? You can strike a deal with an electrician, to call them or visit them, if they want, but if they don't, you have to offer them something they want - usually that's money. You can still do all that, but you're expecting other people to do paid work, the government to take away a huge chunk of that money, and then give it to you, so you don't have to do paid work, and call your mom. You can still play your guitar (or do whatever) for free, just for the love of doing that. But if you didn't get people to give you money (food, services,...) for your music then, or for you calling your mom, etc., you cannot expect the government to force them to do it on regular basis, if you play/call, or even if you don't. Nah... the 0.5l bottle of water will still be 3EUR. But the mandatory 'bottle steriliziation fee', will be 5eur more. > First off, those that are currently entitled to most benefits would be getting UBI instead, and those that are not currently entitled to (most) benefits would be getting UBI and paying it back in tax.. so in theory its the same cost, less the administration and means testing. How many workers does britain have (percentage)? In slovenia, a bit less than half of people work (we have a huge amount of pensioners, kids, students, and also some unemployed) + a huge public sector. With UBI, an average worker would have to pay for two UBIs in taxes, to get one UBI back. And that's not counting the people quittin their jobs due to UBI (and moving to cheaper countries, where that money is worth more). > I dunno, it's all speculation of course, but I'd say my 'usefulness' has gone up once I didn't have to bow to my bosses' whims. It's hard to quantify that, of course, but even if I go for a quantifiable measure, I'm probably more of a benefit to society than otherwise: I've been working on various business ideas that could improve the efficiency of other businesses, my volunteering reduced the burden I put on my country's health care system (on account of needing less therapy), and possibly reduced the effect on others around me. The money I make doing 'extra' work, that I wouldn't have to do, has benefitted my younger siblings who in turn might benefit society. Why can't you do that now, by starting your own business and being your own boss? > Personally I don't like this kind of thinking though. I'm convinced that a decent chunk of the population is just driven to do and create in a way that is valuable to other parts of the population. Trying to reduce this to 2xUBI is somewhat futile, and honestly not a society I want to actively encourage. In fact, engaging with this thought strikes me as already a bit of a needless capitulation. How much money could we save by reducing the pointless corporate work, military spending, etc, and how does UBI relate to that? At least for a significant experiment I suspect it's not much. We can verify this by observing people who are currently not working and are getting welfare. Somehow, very few of them do so. Some even avoid doing real work (you have to actively look for a job here if you want to receive welfare), by literally coming to interviews and saying that they're there just for the 'stamp' (proof they were there). > I think what I'm driving at is that this 'working' and 'not working' would be redefined. So much work is busiwork. So much 'work' is very tenuously measurably good for society. And, conversely, so much 'work' is not really considered work, but crucial to a functioning society. But stuff we deem "crucial" (by our own, individual standards), we're also willing to pay for. Water, food, entertainment, cars, gadget, clothes, vacations, travel, books, music, perfumes, etc. Is something really crucial, if noone wants to pay for that? If someone is willing to pay 100euros for a stinky alcohol-water mix (perfume), and they're not willing to pay for your work, is your work crucial? > How much money could we save by reducing the pointless corporate work, military spending, etc, and how does UBI relate to that? Corporations are paying their own money for that work... they'd be the one saving, not you. Military spending can still be lowered, and workers would get to keep more of their own money, why does it have to be given to non-workers? (i'm not talking bout disabled people, etc, i'm talking about able-bodied people, who are able to work, but would choose not to). First of all, if ~50% of people work in a country (from age 0 to pensioners), they continued to work, and got 2k extra 'free money', they'd have to pay more than those 2k back in taxes, to cover the 2k for people who don't work at all. If we somehow took 2k/person/month from some nonexisting trillionaire, who has the money to finance it for everyone, then probably yes, prices would go up, because everybody has now 2k/month more to spend. I totally gree with you. I think the best case (for me personally) is both... 2-3 days per week from the office, and 3-2 days from home. You talk with people, socialize, hear all the gossip (from non-work related, to work related - eg. aout someone who's working on some interesting new project, etc.), but still don't have to drive to work 3 times a week, and can work in your underwear. A year is A LOT of time, and you have to explain why you lost a year later on. Also, even in "free" education systems, some taxpayer is going to ask "why the hell am I paying for 2/3 of crappy students, can't you just raise the bar at the beginning, and only accept the top 1/3?" Company should pay me X money for Y hours of work. Company should never care where and how I live. If I move somewhere cheaper (and can still do the same job as before), is my work worth less? So.... when will we get a part of our money back, due to performance losses? (i'm talking about a case like Volkswagen) But... nobody ever got fired for choosing IBM! If you set up "your own solution", you're always the "guilty one" if something fails. If you buy IBM (or HP or whatever), it's their fault if something fails. (i did some of that stuff in enterprise enviroments.... honestly, IBM/HP/... + paid support was always the better option for me, mainly due to "liability" issues) Fucking quora! For image search, fucking pinterest! This is all great, but what is also important here is, how many of those 99.7% of people need hospital care to survive? As far as I understood all the "flatten-the-curve" motions, the plan was to keep hospitals in a state, where they're able to process the patients with complications, so they don't become the 0.3%++. My country (Slovenia) has pretty-much zero new cases per day currently, with 2-4% of people (there was a study) with antibodies.... in a potential second wave with exponential growth, our hospitals are basically fucked. Slovenia has pretty-much opened up everything (masks still required indoors, nightclubs still closed, public events limited to 50 people, but everything else, from stores to gyms open). We did lose like 2 months of business, so if we knew what to expect, it might have gone better (but italy is our neighbor, so we went 'better safe than sorry' way). Closings should basically be linked to number of cases in that area. Intel knew their security was broken, and they were still selling those affected CPUs. Products were recalled for smaller issues than that. A lot of modern mobile apps are shitty, because they're just browsers wrapped in permissions-shitpile (location, calls, contacts, etc.), and display a mobile webpage, while syphoning data a regular browser wouldn't allow (without asking you first, and you denying access), with no additional features (except for useless, spammy notifications). Make a good app, and people will use it Adding the dot (.) after the "nytimes.com" bypasses the paywall https://www.nytimes.com./interactive/2020/05/24/us/us-corona... > If you build a 16-drive RAID5 on some enterprise vendor's equipment and then suffer a multiple disk failure during a rebuild because that was a Bad Idea... If I do that with a linux/solaris/mdadm/zfs/btrfs/whatever, and it fails, who will be the one blamed for the failure? Me of course. If i select a propper raid setup, and it still failes, it's better if it fails on an IBM than on my duct-tape linux/mdadm/zfs/btrfs/whatever solution, because again, I personally can say, that i did what the vendor (IBM) recommended in their brochure, and their solution failed. If the duct-tape solution fails, there's noone else to blame, than me. Either way, you have to restore from backup. And if there is some random bug (eg. kernel oops when mounting volume), there's IBM support on the call. Working with standard options, means standard, well-known bugs, and that means that support can help fix them. I know, that I (personally) sleep better, knowing there is a professional solution from a big-brand running in a "boring, enterprise" production. > Still, those enterprise junior executives didn't get fired for choosing mainframes! This! > Their companies made bad decisions in hindsight, but they (and we) blame those bad choices on IBM having failed to meet the needs of the market, not on whatever random Fortune 500 companies bought S/390's instead of PC servers. Those companies didn't make bad decisions... the mainframes worked. The might have been more expensive, and slower than a bunch of PC servers, but they did the job. We now know, in hindsight, that PC servers were a better choice, but which one of us is willing to risk our own money/job for something that is currently something new? There was even a time when tablet computers (think ipad, not x series thinkpads) were "the future of computing", and that "they would replace the need for PCs for everyone"... now (in hindsight) we know that tablets are useless for most people (except for consuming entertainment), and that work computers are still boring PCs with keyboards and mice. If a car lock failes, those cars get recalled, and the locks fixed. https://www.recallmasters.com/mercedes-recalls-vehicles-defe... Also, intel did replace CPUs with issues before: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pentium_FDIV_bug > On December 20, 1994, Intel offered to replace all flawed Pentium processors on the basis of request, in response to mounting public pressure.[5] Although it turned out that only a small fraction of Pentium owners bothered to get their chips replaced, the financial impact on the company was significant.[citation needed] On January 17, 1995, Intel announced "a pre-tax charge of $475 million against earnings, ostensibly the total cost associated with replacement of the flawed processors."[1] Some of the defective chips were later turned into key rings by Intel.[6] Also NY times: https://www.nytimes.com./2020/02/18/world/europe/coronavirus... This is (i think) also happening with youtube. There were a bunch of funny political videos a couple of years ago (eg. "Trump insult compilaton" etc., from different independent individuals), and searching for those terms now just shows videos from CNN, BBC, ABC, CNBC, and other corporate media houses. Do some opensource work, from fixing typos, to small bugs. Go to -meetups/events, and talk with people there (if someone needs a coder for , and they remember you from there, they just might call you). If you have enough free time, try getting a student job (even on campus) that has you doing programming related stuff. Also, use github! Need a script to do some random task? Publish it there. Made an android app, to show you (or post, or whatever) some crap... publish it! Script to create a single page gallery of your instagram feed? Post it! When i worked in larger companies, and also had to read CVs and give my opinion on students and fresh graduates (I hated that), I always prefered someone who had a github profile full of random scripts they wrote, no matter what their grades were (because they were lazy and decided to automate stuff, and that's always good), than someone with great grades and not a line of code to be seen. But how many criminals in germany and UK shoot at the police officers? I think that this US number is also very different from the German/UK number. To simplify, if someone shoots at the police first, and police shoots back, and kills him.... what's the point of the whole trial, if the suspect is already dead? Should they be on trial for the thing they were suspected to be doing? Or for the shooting at the police? Both? If you're a store owner that called the police on the suspect, because the suspect robbed your store, what good would it be, if you had to go to court and testify for a full robbery case (apart from the shooting case, where you're just a possible witness), if either way, the suspect is already dead? Edit: to clarify, i'm talking about the suspected "original" crime, eg. a robbery, and not the shooting part. The shooting should of course be investigated, but i see no point in holding a full trial for the robbery part, if the suspect is already dead, and if there is no actual benefit for anyone. Stupid example, but how many people in the UK shot at the police? I'm not saying that... i'm refering to the parent post: > Until someone is convicted of a crime in America, they are presumed innocent. I don't see why that should change just because a suspect was killed before they could be tried. All police killings should be thoroughly investigated. The statistic that 99% of them do not lead to legal punishment is extremely suspicious. The first part, suspect innocent until proven guilty (for the original crime, the one police got called for), and i see no point in going further with the trial for the original crime, if there is no point to be made (eg. trial for robbery, having the store owner come to court, proving was there a robbery, proving the suspect was the one robbing the store, etc.). The shooting (so robber vs. police) part should of course be investigated. You can do this in UK, where weapons look like this: https://twitter.com/mpsregentspark/status/974645778558980096 But in places with criminals being heavily armed, having unarmed police, just makes the police more vulnerable. But if the shooting itself was justified (infront of the court, jury, or whatever other method of proving justification they implement, and you consider to be fair), because (eg.) the suspect started shooting at the police first, what does it matter, if the suspect really robbed that store, or if he started shooting due to some other reason? I'm not sure if that's a valid point... i was always under the impression, that most of the violence in "violent cities" is due to violent gang, and that gang members are armed because they have to deal with other criminals/gangs (eg. if you sell drugs, to protect yourself and your drugs from being stolen, or to have "leverage" when racketeering, fighthing for "teritory", etc). I was saying just one thing, for example: - Suspect allegedly robs a store. Store owner calls police. - Police finds suspect, yells "stop, police!", suspect starts shooting at the police. - Police fires back, kills suspect. - After that, the shooting investigation starts (or atleast should start). All I'm saying is, that due to suspect being dead, the trial for the robbery is not needed (if noone gains anything from that). Yes, shooting, attempted murder, and everything else is valid and should be investigated, go to trial, etc. But the robbery itself, in my opinion doesn't that much anymore. If the suspect survived the shooting, then of course, investigating the robbery should be done TOO (checking security footage, search warrant to find stolen stuff, etc), next to attempted murder etc. Because if something does happen there, they use the gun for their protection. Same as in Germany (where the police is also armed). And pretty much every other country, even very peaceful ones, except probably UK. ...sony... Sony had massive issues with PSN security a few years ago > I know hn doesn't like sarcasm, but saying that infection level off after 10-20% "naturally" after the world experienced the biggest lockdown since the spanish flu, is like saying the fire I saw on the news was extinguished because I took a pee at the same time. The weird thing is, that after reopening many thing/services in many places, there were very rarely any new spikes in new cases. We've all been expecting a spike after every measure being removed, and it hasn't happened in most countries (it's probably too soon to speak about the effect of protests in the USA, but we'll see that soon too). > In a perfect world, the point of a lockdown is to arrest the spread of a disease entirely. The problem with this is, that the whole world has to stop for that to happen, and by stop, i mean stop entirely. Even if you stop the spread in California, and have zero infected people there, the first infected outsider that comes into the state, will spread infections, and you're back at closing down everything. Basically the second part (keeping healthcare system managable, and hoping for a vaccine soon) is the only think we can do. Why would that be an XOR situation? They're all tested positive, but 50% of them might have some form of immunity, and are fighting it off like that would a normal cold (or even with zero symptoms). The virus is still in their system, but their bodies are disposing of it without issues. The problem is, that they lied about how they got te evidence. Eg, they plant a hidden camera in your house, see you packing drugs and puting them in your car in your own garage, and driving away. Since they got the info that you had the drugs from illegally set cameras, they can't just stop and search your car, but they can "randomly" stop you for a traffic check, and just "randomly" have a drug sniffing dog present, which finds the drugs in your car. If the judges let this go through, the police would use more illegal methods (illegal searches, etc.) to gather data, then just "randomly" detect crime, and then the state would win cases.... and we (the people) don't want that. That's why, if you prove, that they knew the drugs were there from an illegal source of information, everything derived from that illegal source should be dropped as a illegally obtained evidence, to disincentivise the use of illegal methods. Basically, the officer saying they randomly stopped you, would be a lie (=perjury), because they stopped you due their illegal cameras. Like having a police officer watch you shower, jerk off, and eat pizza in your underwear every day, in your own home, while you have no drugs there, but they think you do? Then the judge would be aware of the warrant, and wouldnt throw the evidence away, because it would be obtained legally. Technically it could be random.... If you "did nothing wrong", you also drive like you did nothing wrong (5-10 over), hit some yellow lights, etc. If you know you have a bag of drugs in your car, and a police vehicle pulls at a stop next to you, you can panic. Also if they do stop you, becase you (eg.) didnt use your turn signal, most people just sigh., give some excuse ("I wanted to, but that black car came, and i had to go around, and the cat, and the wipers, and this and that"), and calmly wait for a ticket... people with drugs usually act different. And thirdly, police usually know all the drug dealers in their area, know their cars, and just have to catch them with enough drugs to make it worthwile.... so they probably get stopped a bit more often than a normal random commuter does, even if neither of them use turn signals regularly. The problem with indicator lights is, that they're useless, until you actually need that info. If i turn my head just a bit, i can see a 48 port ethernet switch with 50+ blinking lights here in the office, and 99.9% of the time, they're all useless. But, if something doesn't work, one quick glance, can tell me if the switch is on (lights), if the data is sent through (random blinking), if the ethernet connection to my pc is up (one specific light), is it waiting for spanning tree to set up (light color), is there a loop (all lights on, or blinking synchronously), and also if the connection is slow during a calm time, I can see who's sending most traffic (frequency of blinking). I literally never look at them when all is ok, but when it's not, i get the status info in literally a second. Same with my home router with 8leds (especially the "internet" one), same with my PCs (on/off, hdd activity) etc. My prefered solution would be just to keep those things away from the bedroom. Currently, in my bedroom, there is only one visible led (TV), and even that one is very very dim red. So lets say I was really really thirsty, somewhere on the road in the middle of nowhere... and I stopped at a gas stop, bought myself a really really cold, refreshing coca cola, drive on, 10 minutes later decide to open it.. and a dollar would pop out? So i'd waste my time at the station/store, waste my time at another, all for 1 dollar? I'm not from usa, but EU. Here, mining operations, quarries, etc. get "booms will be here" licences, with limits (when (usually only daytime), where (quarry/mine limits and how strong the 'booms' are). So for those (rutine, standard blasts), our enviromental (earthquake) agencies don't get the data for each blast (they eg. get data, that company XYZ is allowed to do blasts up to ABC power (KJ or whatever) in location DEF, from 1. jan 2020 to 31. dec 2020 when they have to renew their licence). Source: friend works as an explosives expert at a quarry > I just don't find it credible that "the results are identical". Either the author isn't paying enough attention, or else they're doing extensive "pre-washing" of their dishes before loading them, or they're washing so incredibly quickly after eating that food never has the time to dry/harden in the first place. They run the washer many times per day... al the food is probably still fresh and not dried up and hard to remove. Same is true for professional/restaurant dishwasher, where dishes are put inside immediately and washed in a few minutes. Also, buy in bulk and when it's on sale. Those things usually last a long time, and there is a very very low chance you'll end up not needing those items anymore in your household, and even then you'll have bigger problems than 5 tubes of toothpaste left over in your drawer. 60°C is enough. I've made chicken at 60°C in a sous vide without any issues Here's the pasteurization table: https://www.seriouseats.com/2015/07/the-food-lab-complete-gu... this! In slovenia, most of the deaths are in old-age/nursing homes, where most of the patients have severe health issues and a lot of them are bed-bound. Yes, they have lower vitamin D, but also many other health problem, so looking at a single variable (vitamin D) proves corellation but can't prove any causation without interfering (eg. giving half of them vitamin D supplements, to compare to the other half). How can a standardized test be racially biased? What? There's no way to send a 2mm (width) wave. Yes, parabolic antennas have very high gains in one direction, but they're far from '2mm' and far from 'invisible'. A helicopter with the right equipment flying over urban areas would have an easy job finding them and even pointing out the approximate location (eg. a building) where they're located. If the antenna was inside a huge apartment building, it would be hard to find the right apartment, if the transmitter was turned off, but with single family buildings, it would be easy. Ham radio operators hide and then look for hidden transmitters for fun, so it's not that hard, especially with a budget that is given to the police. Boss: Vacation? Where are you going? You: Camping, in the mountains, sorry boss, no signal there, I won't be accessible. Boss: No problem.... here's a portable starlink antenna,... just in case... you know... if there is a bug in your code... or if we have a skype call with the clients... or if we need a bug fixed... haha.. you know, fixing bugs in the forest hehe.. well yeah... just have it connected during normal business hours, just in case... and check your emails while you're connected.. and slack... and CI logs... but otherwise, have a nice vacation, I hope you get some rest! 2mm is the wavelength, not the effective width (think of a laserbeam) of the wave. and yes, even with a laser (nanometer wavelengths) it's hard to produce a 2mm wide beam at a helicopter distance. Boost app is great! ...so reddit will probably soon first cripple it and then ban it... But zero is well.... a zero .... If you don't want to mess with arduino/esp*, but want a price point and size in that range, with full linux support, to connect a thingy to another thingy (eg sensor to web/mqtt), and don't care about additional power use, you take a rpi0. I don't think it was ever meant as a "normal computer" or a "server" (as we use normal-sized RPis for). Been there, done that.... even to hack an old ciscos into a bodged-up production/testing enviroment (take config from production, change two addresses from production to testing values, and apply the whole config to a testing cisco). The good thing with ciscos and most of the old technology is, that once you write that script, it works for years... commands never change, outputs never change, some perl, a regex or five, and you're done. Doing the same with a webpage, where it's "pride month" today, "womens day" tomorrow, "day against aids" the day after, and each means a new div, a new popup, a new redirect, a backend update inbetween, to make the new banner possible, etc., is a pain in the ass. Yep... considering the skin effect, any microwave radiation would start heating the outside skin layer first, and it would hurt long before anything inside you was "cooked". If you got locked in there.. then sure... maybe.... but staying in there and not feeling it (or just feeling "warmer", until you die...) nope. 5th highest in europe is not that bad, considering they fucked their economy a lot less, and that more shit is coming (eg., most of the cancer detection programmes have stopped here in slovenia, so a bunch of people might die from undiagnosed, or treated-too-late illnesses due to lockdowns, and won't be counted anywhere). > I don't see a future where C survives I've been seeing those exact words for decades now, and C is still going strong. Every few year a new language comes, somes writes something in it, that was written in C before, someone might even write a basic OS in it, and after a few years, that language is almost forgotten, a new one is here, and again, someone is writing something in it, but in the end, we still use C for the things we used it 10, 20, for some, even 30 years ago. Are the 2x4s military grade? Basically, sourced from the cheapest seller? > who are vocal online The problem with looking only at people who are vocal online, is that you only see things from a small bubble of people, and only the things, that don't get downvoted/removed by moderators. If you looked at e.g. reddits users and their comments, Bernie Sanders would be on his way to a second term. Since the article is mentioning ICE, and i'm from a small eu country, really close to relatively shitty non-eu countries, I know that what people say or don't say online is different from what people think in their heads. Being a developer here, and trying to find work in USA is a big pain in the ass... if you're a good developer, but without a formal education, might be even impossible. Even if you have everything, have a good resume, big projects, get invited by facebook/google/whoever, going through the endless stream of bureaucracy takes a lot of time and a lot of money (which is understandable, because hiring local is good for local workers, and importing foreign workforce means lowering pay, due to more supply). When such people get their papers, green cards, and work in USA for some time, their opinion on illegal immigrants, who skip the whole process (and sometimes even get praised for that) is a lot different than the comments you see on reddit. They might not say it there, but they say it here. Why wouldnt that meat packing plant pay a local worker a fair wage? Nah, I didn't, I stayed at home, I'm just telling the issue my friends and former coworkers had. They get paid well (we're talking coders/developers/engineers, not meat packers). Why do americans have no incentive to work in meat packing plants? What you're advocating for is to offer (below) minimum/livable pay for every work possible, and then, if noone local applies (because the wage is too low), just get some foreign workers from some shitty country (legal or illegal), and exploit them. Wouldn't it be better to just stop immigration for shitty paid jobs (in situations like now, with relatively high unemployment), and passively force the employers to just pay more to get enough workers? When a big company (eg. one with a logo of a famous mouse), fires whole teams of local workers, and replaces them with cheaper H1B workers ( https://money.cnn.com/2016/01/25/technology/disney-h1b-worke... ), whole HN/reddit/... is outraged, with "disney bad!". Why would you let meat packing plants do this? Why not just say "no, you wont get immigrant workers, when there are so many local ones unemployer, and you'll get punished if you hire illegals", and just work with that? Otherwise, again, as someone living in a small EU country, i could never understand how a large company can employ illegal workers, and how illegals can stay in the country (and even get benefits, send kids to school, etc.), without the system noticing (because all of that is pretty much impossible anywhere else in the developed world. I lived in a former communist country ("former" in both ways... not communist anymore, and also, I haven't moved, the country just doesn't exist anymore). Wanting to get cheaper labour is universal, capitalism has nothing to do with that. The last time i wanted to do that, i noped the fuck out, generated latex, and pdflatex-ed the thing, to get the pdf (we're talking generic reports, text, table, graph, email to customer on a schedule). I think comparing this to nazis is very bad.... if nazis let jews from outside germany, there illegaly, just go back home whenever they wanted, and at worse, send them back themselves, history would be a lot different. There are shortages everywhere... a surgical mask used to cost ~5eurocents here, now it's ~60 for "non medical", and 1eur+ for medical masks. N95 go even higher in price, compared to very cheap before. Yes, they're available, but at that price, noone buys them (they improvise or buy washable). Same problem everywhere... Not just huge industries.... literally people buying land next to a farm (which has been there for 100+ years), then compain due to animal noises and smell. I just don't understand how you can send a kid to school without any papers/documents/etc.? Here (in slovenia), every citizen has a citizen ID (not really public, but not secret, and can be generated by hand), you have a permanent resident address, your kid belongs to that school district, your kid has a medical file, documents (medical card too), everything, and without all the papers and the kid being "in the system", there's no way for a kid to go to school here. If I understand correctly, you can just bring a random kid to school, say "this here is bobby, he'll be going to school here", and they just take him? Without an ID, any checks, checks on parents, etc.? Same with jobs.... i understand the "under the table" jobs, e.g. picking fruit and getting paid in cash at the end of the day.... this is theoretically possible here too.... but people working in large companies? How do you get paid? How do you even open a bank account? Here, again, you need an ID and a tax number, every bank account is tied to your personal tax number, and you get paid to that account. When you start your job, the company has to pay for benefits (pension, medical, etc.), and those are tied via your tax number and paid directly to the government. Just to start working, you need to pass a medical exam, where they also check your documents, and even check your medical records from your personal doctor. As I said, i'm not advocating for anything, I just don't understand how you can do all that, without being a citizen, having your ID number, tax number, bank account, ID card, registered permanent residence, etc. (yes, there are exceptions, foreign workers get temporary tax numbers, and use special documents, kids of diplomats get special documents again, etc., but in general, if you're not "in the system", there's no way to do anything). But how do you explain the need for a "whole system" just to run one application? "Back in the days", you installed one package, edited one config, started the service, and it "just worked". Now i need to install a docker, type some docker install command, that pulls who-knows how many files, puts them in some 'weird' location, including the config file (which belongs in /etc), so instead of having a 2mb service, I now have a 1gb docker image sitting on my system, with a config file hidden somewhere, and I, the user, don't see any benefits, compared to just 'apt-get install'-ing something. I mean, I understand, daling with dependencies are hard for some developers, but sometimes is just overkill. To me, apt-get install always 'just worked'. Same for yum install, emerge etc. I understand it's easier to ship software as a "almost VM", but imagine everyone doing it... need a browser, download firefox docker image. Video player? docker image! Text editor? Docker image! If firefox can make it 'just work', and whole (eg.) lamp-stack can 'just work', why not others? Docker is a relatively new thing, and software worked for decades before that, without any real issues. > Some stains are also likely to cause cytokine storms in young, healthy patients. Wasn't this the case with the 1918 spanish flu? Kids had no issues, due to undeveloped immune systems, elder had little issues, due to old, shitty immune systems, and the 'middle' generations got fscked by the virus. Weren't there randomized antibody tests in multiple countries, dealing with just that (basically, calculating the approximate number of people who got it, and then comparing to number of people getting tested positive)? It's an (american) election year, so that would explain most of the politics and propaganda behind that. I always wondered just how much UV-C do you need to effectively kill the virus (power vs duct diameter and air speed).... because, instead of traditional masks, you could take a small fan, blow air into a pipe with a UV-C bulb inside, and pump the sterilized air to the human... basically something like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzGrh2io9Ds&app=desktop A bunch of people use telegram bots as a means of alerting themselves/other users (instead of emails and/or sms messages). The production server might have a 150 load, with swap 99% full and 0 disk space left right now, and you wouldn't get any alerts from the monitoring software, because telegram is down, and it has "never happened before". I have a router with a lcd display... I never use it (the display), because well.. it's a router, and it's hidden (literally) behind a couch. The problem here is also the research costs. Things, that were only in racing cars years ago, appear now in production cars. Basically, Mercedes can afford to try new things in racing, because it will bring them money in the long run, by selling those new features in their "normal" (road) sports cars. Even if we limit the research costs, some other Mercedes team will work with (eg.) engine optimizations for their production sports cars, and those findings will also find their way to racing. Even with mainstream car makers (which most of the companies there are), it's easier to develop racing stuff, if you then sell a bunch of very expensive, very fast street-legal cars, than if you sell mostly "normal, working people cars". Meh... even if you disregard the second half of your post, if you have a shitty job A or a shitty job B, it's still better to have a shitty job that pays 2x the money than the other one. Plus, in industry, if you're good, you can always go higher, earn more, move to other industries, and earn even more. In academia, you can pretty much just choose the (almost) same job in a different institution, which probably pays nearly the same salary (especially in europe... even if you change countries, in the developed ones, pay (adjusted to cost of living) is nearly the same everywhere). > Near the Washington Post article's end: "Throughout the trial, AT&T lawyers had argued that this "dismemberment" would hurt the nation's telephone network by raising prices to consumers and resulting in a deterioration of the phone system the nation depends on for defense communications and other emergency situations..." Excuse or not, this technically is true and it is possible things like this happen. ...but! Entry cost for telephony then (=building a whole new, alternative telephone network) is so expensive, that it's unrealistic to build one, except maybe in places with such population density, that the cost of new wiring is offset by the number of new customers in a small area. Compared to pulling new telephone cables for the whole country, making a new social network is very fast and cheap (apparently, takes 13(?) employees in case of instagram), and allows a slow-start (run the network on one $5 virtual machine, then get another, and another, then have issues with scaling and technical debt, but slowly fix stuff when money pours in), which means that even if facebook fails horribly after the breakup, 'someone new' will fill the gap. Once you have a couple of thousands of rows in excell files, one file per day, possibly one per testing center.... possibly with inconsistent structure.... non standard date formats (even different in each row),... add to this the inconsistent namings ("Tested at" column with data: "Testing center 1, London", "TC1, London", "TC1 London", "TC1 LONDON",....), etc... Yes, anything-sql or whatever would be better, but deciding between putting all the data into sql by hand, or "uhm... i'll think of something and do it tomorrow", me, being lazy, I'd pick the second option,... ...until i'd get shamed on here. Maybe even a few days after. ...but, you learned something new, and hopefully had at least some fun... This is bad for the local workers. Smaller labor pool = higer wages. So what? If there is not enough workers, they'll have to raise wages. What's wrong with healthcare workers getting 80k? (in reality, they'd poach someone elses workers, they'd have to raise their wages, and so on, then slowly there would be more workers due to more people going into field due to high wages, and if not, then get a H1B worker for 80k+). This! And when you reach 80k (or whatever the number was), you'll also be able to get H1B nurses. Don't you have high unemployment at the moment? The right solution would be, to require high wages for H1B visas - if you're hiring a developer, the minimum wage for the H1B worker should be (eg.) 1.5x average developer wage in that area/state. This would solve companies firing local workers and replacing then with H1B workers, and still solve the problem of a company 'really needing' that one worker. https://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/04/us/last-task-after-layoff... How can you, an american, with a family, mortgage, car payments etc., compete financially with someone from a "shithole country", who's willing to work for very little money and live on a bunk bed with 7 roommates in a two bedroom living container? (literal situation currently in my company) ....or outright getting replaced by those workers: https://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/04/us/last-task-after-layoff... Don't you currently have relatively high unemployment? And how is staying at minimum wage (instead of raising them, to get people from elsewhere to move in) good for local workers? Don't you have a bunch of cities with unbelievably high cost of living (SF, NY,...), where people come (and sometimes live in tents), just because there are no jobs for them in "rural american towns"? A minimum wage, set as (eg.) 1.5x avearage wage in that sector in that state would be a good requirement for getting a visa. That would make companies offer more (1.1, 1.2 ... 1.499x average) and get local workers, and if they're still, even with a higher wage, unable to get a worker, they'd get one with an H1B visa. World of free movement, would make anybody remotly compent move to one of the huge cities, while the rest of the world would either empty out, or fail horribly with people left over, who are unable to leave. I lived in a country where the biggest export was the (young, competent) workforce.... I still live here, but the country doesn't exist anymore. In a 300mio people country, Google can't gather a team of compiler experts? And this can still be fixed by requiring above-market prices for H1B workers (eg. requiring 1.5x average pay for the position needed, so if an average compiler developer in california is paid 100k, you can only get a foreign developer if you pay them 150k - this would force companies to get local talent by raising their pay to 110k, 120k, 130k..., and when they really cannot get anyone, even at 150k, they are able to get someone on a visa). But there are other trombone players in the country, google will just have to pay them more than the competition to get them and/or the competition will have to raise their pay to make them stay. In the long run, some orchestras might be a trombone player short, but with high(er) average wages, you'll get more people who take trombone-playing as a career path. There are very very few positions, that you can't fill if you offer above-average pay and working conditions, and most H1B visa carriers now, are not unicorns, but usually just someone willing to work for less money than locals (example: https://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/04/us/last-task-after-layoff... ) But why would it be in any voters interest, for the government to let cheaper workers in, that bring the wages down? Why does every site ask me first, if I want to subscribe to their newsletter, before even letting me read the first article there? I don't want to... noone wants to... even if i was the type of person, to subscribe to newsletters, I'd like to see the site first, to see if I even like the content at all?! How hard is it to get a licence in Illionois, if you have a licence in some other state already? It's a lot easier to change providers, if your service is an (eg.) docker image(s), than to move something relying on amazons api. Wouldn't this make 'now' a good time to do a study on Vitamin D? Basically, give a grup vitamin D supplements, and compare to placebo group? Because curing all the coronavirus histeria, i know people who've gone sunbathing for too long in relatively cold weather, because some study somwhere found out that a bunch of people who died from covid had very low vitamin D, and by correlation=causation logic, they though they needed more (but ignore the fact that most dead here were eldery in retirement homes, bedbound and pretty much never in the sun at all). Yay, this is great, and should be used for everything! /s If we used this for medical advice in my country, this would make it very funny... at the start of the epidemic, our government "experts" said: - "healthy people don't need masks" ...and youtube would censor all the "fearmongering paranoics" advocating for mask use. Then on some random spring day, our government makes a new rule: - "you need a mask and gloves to enter any closed public space (stores,...)" (yes, literally overnight) And youtube would censor everybody saying that masks don't help healthy people. But do you censor the people saying there is a better decision? And do you then censor the people that advocated for the former "better decision" at the time when it was 'current'. Meh... working from home for 3 days a weak is great... all the time, really sucks (for me atleast). Yu miss all the fun with coworkers, all the fun side projects, productive or not... ..on the other hand, working from home, especially when they promote "whenever you feel like it", means you're "on call" all the time. Having "core hours" (eg 10-15h, weekdays) and having everybody available then (for calls, meetings, skypes,...) is ok, but I imagine this will mean ealy morning and late night calls and tasks, and workers will never be able to fully separate work and free time. I think that every company should decide if they're a "publisher" or a "platform". If you're a platform, you're not responsible for what your users say (except directly illegal stuff, eg. child porn), and have no say in what stays on, or gets removed/hidden (except, again, illegal stuff). If you're a publisher, you have a say what is posted on your site, and you carry full responsibility for all the onsite content. Walking the line, and not wanting to take responsibility in some cases, but still deletin in other cases should be forbidden Considering how slow modern webpages have got, especially without adblocks, people would actually buy this. > five days difference in hospital stay that was implied costs a lot more than that In case of COVID, it's not just a cost issue, but also clearing the bed as soon as possible, to put a new patient in. 10% less hospital stay, means 10% more patients able to get help. We're talking about a real virus here, not a theoretical experiment in math. Currently, most of europe is having an exponential growth of new cases, so even if 100% of current cases show up on day one, we'll have more new cases tomorrow, and any way to speed up the process will save lives. You mean a pretty basic backup, that your grandma probably has enabled on her phone? This is really underpowered.... For the same money you can get a powkiddy or something simillar, running linux and with support for GBA, (S)NES, etc. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNrpVhP8fDc All the usual suspects (ebay, aliexpress,...) have it. also firmware: https://github.com/TriForceX/MiyooCFW > It's also rather complicated to set-up on the server side (xauth, magic cookie, etc). you mean "ssh -Y user@host..."? Meh... just use a tube, like in the old country: https://www.nationalgeographic.com/content/dam/photography/p... (might be a bit nsfwish for some people) A vocal minority is enough to dox you, to bother your workplace, your school/college, to get you fired/expelled, and alltogether, to make you "too hot" to hire, especially by large tech companies, who have whole departments of "vocal minority" people dealing with tiny stuff like that. Cancel culture has to stop. It's a bit ugly, it's a bit slow, but holy fuck, with a few tiny edits of the carcassone module + working from home, we wasted so many hours and built a map, probably larger than an average room... All in all, it was fun! It's not that simple. You have your usual bucket of nutcases, who get offended by everything, and everything is sexist (airconditioning), racist (milk) or *-phobic. But then you have cases, where a mere accusation of anything even without proof) can destroy peoples lives, eg: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duke_lacrosse_case You also have (somewhat) mainstream media spreading such fake news: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Rape_on_Campus You also have individuals, eg. Johnny Depp getting acused by Amber Heard, losing his upcoming acting roles, and after a time (and 87 cctv videos), she's found to be the crazy/violent one. You have people like Pewdiepie getting accused of being a racist many times: https://www.vox.com/2018/12/13/18136253/pewdiepie-vs-tseries... Pewdiepie has a special 'power', that he gets more views than Vox does, so he can atleast present his side of the story ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjCsOmDmjEU ). Some people don't have that media presence, but the media atleast scewed up enough, so they're no settling multimillion dollar lawsuits (Nick Sandmann, the 'smirking guy'). Now imagine, you're not a famous person, and you're not in a position of being able to sue CNN. Just one mere accusation (whout proof, without anything), can totally destroy your life, and you have no way to fight back. No police report, no judge, no jury, just one "he said, she said", one complaint, and there's nothing you can do... you lose your job, maybe even your carreer, you might get thrown out of your college, or worse. The accuser can lie to the media, say you said something -ist, or -phobic, and there's literally nothing you can do. Now combine the "nutcases" with accusations, and your code using master/slave terminology is racist (as a slav, i have no idea why 'slave' is considered racist), boy/girl in character selection screen and never after is transphobic, and i have no idea what "not implementing all the pronouns" is. Now, we have two options... either we become sensitive to everytihing, and destroy normal human relations and comedy (although, we've gone most of the way there, because of so many protected groups and actions, not allowed to be joked about, the only group you can target your jokes at are white men (with movies like 40 days and 40 nights, where a rape of a man is a comedic high point, and many other examples)), or we can just grow up, not get offended by something someone somewhere said or did (especially if it was a joke), and not "cancel" people because of that. > Maybe people are objecting to a tiny % of critical theorists trying to seize control of acceptable language from the top down. The problem with that tiny % is, that they are loud, and that we give them attention. And by we, i include everyone, from a reddit upvter to mainstream media. It's 2020, milk is racist, rice is racist, syrup is racist,... and all that because of a few loud people powered by the media, grabbing views from the offended few and utraged many. So, should we make rape jokes (as is the main point of 40 days and 40 night movies)? Or are they ok, only when their targeted against men? I support all jokes, if they're funny (if not, nobody is going to watch that comedian, and the market will regulate itself). You say that we should shame the jokes you personally don't like out of the mainstream, but leave the ones you don't mind. "you slav you lose" is a joke.... slavs are also always shown as stereotypical people in tracksuits, drunk and killing people... mostly eachother... and yes, i know it's a stereotype, but as a slav, it's not far from truth (we're looking at caricatures here), and videos on youtube joking out of that are well.. funny (to me personally, and the like/dislike ratio shows that others find them funny too). Should we shame those jokes? Should we shame people laughing at those jokes? Should we shame slavs laughing at funny stereotipical representatives of our own people? Now replace slavs with some other group of people, and you get called a bunch of "-ist"s, "anti-"s, etc. So, we either kill comedy for all ( https://www.reddit.com/r/comics/comments/70390/a_politically... ), or we let people joke out of everything and not be sensitive about it (this is the option i prefer... especially since we live in a time, where just showing a picture of a religious figure can get you beheaded in france). Android phones are useles... no ethernet, no gpio, shitty cooling, hard to get an OS installed, hard to debug, and compared to RPI4, too expensive. RPi4 is great... small cheap, basically a full pc in a small box, with low power usage, low heat production, no noise, and yes... with a shitty storage solution. But this has been a solved problem for ages.... just move your mouse a tiny bit, and all the controls are exposed, with large, visible buttons, help text, etc, click whatever you need to, and the controls slowly dissapear, revealing the video. Having to find the exact spot to hover your mouse is a bad UX GTA 6 - Britain, cast of players from Snatch (movie), and one star cops being unarmed, would be a fun game tho. Just make it open. Homeassistant is opensource, controlls a bunch of different gadgets/smartdevices/switches/..., gets data from a bunch of different gadgets/sensors/smart devices, and has a bunch of apps using it's API. Honestly, I only buy stuff, if I can integrate it into homeassistant (without using the devices cloud services)... sometimes that means soldering + flashing tasmota, but in the end, I get it to work. Like TSA luggage keys.... there's no way those would leak online, and no way anybody would be able to download them from https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1687424 and 3d-print them... no way something like that'd happen! It's not about listening to terrorists (there were many terrorist attacks, where the police was informed about the terrrists in advance, and still didn't do anything). It's about listening to the masses of their own people. There are many, many ways to print (escrowed) keys with a 3d printer... from punched cards, to "engraved" letters, to chains of 3d numbers, etc. What the hell does accuntservice do, and why does ubuntu need a dedicated service for that? To clarify, do we really need a service (and an unsafe, exploitable one), to do something, we've been doing without it for years on all other distros. I think reality TV has ruined what normal preppers are trying to teach us. There are many, many realistic situatiations, where you might end up without power, outside, or even locked at home (like going abroad when the neighbouring country is in a "green" covid state, and your government changing their mind overnight, how they decide 'colors', and classifing it as "red", and you need to quarantene for 14 days). Plus all the "i have the flu, I don't want to go to the supermarket today" situations. Having some supplies at home (canned food, pasta, etc.) and some extra other stuff, a barbecue or something to cook stuff in, and an extra pair of socks & a shirt in your car is a very smart thing to do. Our grandmothers, living in villages had full cellars of food not that long ago, with sacks of flour, salt, and knowledge how to bake bread, and it was a totally normal thing to do and have (and people outside of big cities still do that). And reality TV? Show a nutter, thinking about rapture, with a cellar full of some dry freezed crap, some 5 year food supply pack on a couple of pallets, still unopened, with an expiration date two years in the future, a huge amount of guns and ammo, and a "tactical" toilet bag, with a tacital, camo colored emergency toilet paper cutter, ...just in case. This makes preppers look stupid, their prep cases look unrealistic, people having half a slice of toast and a jar of mouldy mustard as only food items in their house and people literally starving when their delivery driver cancells their order due to icy roads. Of course not... but most people don't have a pawn shop and don't mine gold. On the other hand, with prepping, (just to point at a weird, funny case), a huge amount of people were without toilet paper this spring, both due to media panic and not having an extra pack in the basement, for "just in case" scenarios (for me it was my gf using it all, and me being too lazy to go to store that day, so I have two packs (20 rolls) just for that...). Because people here (in slovenia) watch international news, they bought all the toilet paper here too, and it was hard to get it for like three days (luckily, slovenia is small, and distributon is not hard). And toilet paper is easily replaced by a bidet or a shower... food isn't. I buy it tw, three times a month. While i lived alone, once, maybe even less. I don't know how large an "8 pack" is, but buying 10 rolls in a package is normal here, and usually you buy one pack, together with other groceries. Media panic made people buy 5, 10 packs (full carts), because they saw americans and australians do it, and other be left without, so they hoarded the stuff. This! just set the folder on the phone as send only, and backup on the pc. The problem with bloated website is, that the cumulative time lost while waiting for them to load is (for many) measured in many, many years. Pages like google/facebook/... optimizing load time by a couple of hundredths of a second, means years of real people time saved. So, why so much outrage, when some non-US country bans LGBT groups on some of their platforms? Or trans groups? Or pro-choice (abortion) groups? Or pro Hong Kong groups? All of them are welcome to start their self hosted blogs, aren't they? You either have free speech, and host stuff you personally disagree with, or just call it 'moderation with political bias' (or some other kind of bias), if you only leave stuff you personally agree with. You never know, when you'll be the one facebook disagrees with, and then it's too late. If you support a system with moderation (censorship) based on peoples beliefs, then you should not complain when the system you supported is used (with one tiny variable changed - belief). It's like supporting (eg.) warrantless surveilance (because pedos and terrorists), and then complaining when it's used against you. You supported the system, now shut up and deal with it. Many, many religions find pro-LGBT to be morally wrong. Even evolutionary, everything that doesnt create more kids is useless. But we, as a western society usually stand by the rights to let adults do whatever they want (consentually), and don't care about it, if it doesnt affect us directly. And what does 'morally' even mean? We, as a western society, support kids seeing and sucking on boobs, until they're 1yo or 2 (or whatever), then for the next 10-12 years we hide (images of, and real) boobs from them, as if they were radioactive, and they don't know why, then they (approximately half of them) want to look at (real and images of) boobs, but we find that "wrong", a few years later we legally let them pay to see boobs (or find them online for free), and somewhere in the meantime, start bothering then, when are they going to find someone with boobs. Meanwhile mens boobs are ok. In some other cultures, women of all ages don't even cover their boobs in public. So basically something, that is a normal everyday thing in some cultures, for people of all ages, becomes morally wrong in our culture, and we censor it online, we also lock up people if those boobs are owned by a person younger than some arbitrary age, and even have wikipedia pages about that ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Super_Bowl_XXXVIII_halftime_sh... ). So basically, for some other culture, what we do is morally wrong, but we, as a majority, get to ignore their morality and impose our own (even if it's stupid). TLDR: we (as a group) support social networks deleting photos of female nipples, because showing and seeing those is morally wrong in our culture, even though it's an issue that affects a lot more people than LGBT stuff. But the problem here is the political bias in censorship. If facebook existed 100 years ago, you could say the same thing as now, just the 'good' and the 'bad' groups would be a lot different. And you don't have to wait a 100 years, in my country, if we overly applied the same rules, at the start of the first covid wave, facebook would censor all the science-deniers, and crazy preppers for using masks (because "masks don't help" - our doctors, depending on where you live, probably yours too). Then one random saturday, our government decided you need a mask and gloves to enter any indoor public place (stores,...), and facebook would censor the anti-mask people. We also live in a culture, where we have a few "protected groups", where we censor anything (even jokes) about that (eg. rape jokes), but even those rules, we apply very arbitrarily.... in movies, rape bad, rape jokes bad, unless the person raped is a man, then it's not a crime/thriller, but a "satirical erotic romantic comedy" ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/40_Days_and_40_Nights ). Again, rape jokes are censorship worthy, unless you change one tiny variable, and that makes it all ok. Today atleast. >So? They are as free to express and act on their opinion of private actors expressing pro-LGBT messages as people who believe otherwise are to express the opposite. The last time someone didn't want to bake a cake, they had to fight their way to supreme court... so yeah, expressing your beliefs is not an easy task to do. The problem with beliefs is, that they're arbitrary, and a tiny variable can make a good thing a bad thing. Rape in a movie? Bad thing. Crime, thriller, etc. Rape jokes, bad. But wait, if you just change the gender of the rape victim to a male, you've got a hollywood "satirical erotic romantic comedy" ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/40_Days_and_40_Nights ). So, rape jokes are bad, and deleted ( https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-15641998 -here facebook even stood with free speech, but bent down soon after), but if the victim is a man, you can shoot a comedy and make $95M. And it's far from being the only movie with such cntent ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nheskbsU5g https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uc6QxD2_yQw ). Why is one (morally) ok, and the other isn't? Who decides that? If we censor one, shouldnt we also censor the other? Or if we let one online, why not let the other? Is it just a personal choice of a trigger happy moderator? Or is there a written, official moderation rule, where content with rape is ok, if the victim is a man? > Some people's inability to be able to view boobs on FB is not on the same level as LGBT rights. Why? Isn't seeing boobs a lot more natural than anything lgbt? I mean, pretty much a 100% of people have boobs, 50% of those have the ones we're not allowed to see, and if you count all the lgbt people, you get what.. 10% of the population? 20%? Definitely less than the number of people with boobs. Yes, i know it's a stupid example, and there are historic reasons for promoting lgbt rights... but we're currently in a state, where one person (or a relatively small group of people) with their own set of beliefs, can decide that an 8-9yo drag queen is ok (Lactatia), a 6 year old can be a star of really creepy beauty pageants (honey boo boo), but one visible, female nipple is bad (sometimes even very bad: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Super_Bowl_XXXVIII_halftime_sh... ) Who decides what is ok and what is not? Laws surely don't. Yes, facebook is a private company, but it should be treated as having a monopoly position, especially after buying instagram and whatsapp. Having a company with so much power (having so many eyes watching them, that they can manipulate) is not a good thing, especially if they can arbitrary censor stuff they arbitrarily don't like. Why is banning LGBT immoral, but banning nipples is moral? Who decides what is moral and what is not? Who should have the power to decide what 2.7B (or whatever number of) users see? LGBT is just an example, because in many cultures it is immoral. As is the nipple. I just don't think it's a good idea for a private company, to be able to decide arbitrarily what is moral and what is not. Especially facebook.... there are many bakeries, but not many social networks with billions of users. Funny of you mentioning Iran... https://monitoring.bbc.co.uk/product/c2011nxv ... 24 years in prison for removing a headscarf. Again, as in the other thread... who decides what is moral and what is not? In iran, it is moral and expected for women to cover parts of their bodies, that men don't have to cover. And on facebook it is moral and expected for women to cover parts of their bodies, that men don't have to cover. But you care about LGBT issues, and don't care about special covering rules for women, so you're arguing me, that one group of people should be protected because of unequal treatment, but other group of people shouldn't be protected for their unequal treatment. Ok, let me simplify this for you. You're letting facebook decide that groups of people should be equal regarding issue #1, and disregard facebook treating them differently regarding issue #2. To quote you from another post: > Well, it depends a bit on what is meant by "banning LGBT content", but suppose that a gay couple wouldn't be allowed to post their wedding pictures. Since, presumably, all straight couples can do so, Facebook would effectively imply that gay couples are somehow "wrong" and should not be shown to people. I would find that deeply immoral because gay people are not worth less than straight people. I'll just change a few things: Well, it depends a bit on what is meant by "banning womens nipples", but suppose that a woman wouldn't be allowed to post their nipple pictures. Since, presumably, all men can do so, Facebook would effectively imply that womens nipples are somehow "wrong" and should not be shown to people. I would find that deeply immoral because womens nipples are not worth less than mens nipples. You're basically saying iran is right to jail women not wearing headscarfs, because their culture and morals say that it's somehow wrong for women to go outside uncovered, while man can do that.... oh wait... replace "iran" with "facebook", "jail" with "delete photos", and "headscarfs" with "nipples". So basically, by your logic, discrimination is ok, as long as it's nipples, and not anything lgbt related. I mean, showing womens nipples is immoral in america, showing womens faces is immoral in iran, and women kissing women is immoral probably in iran too... as a not-american, it's interesting to me, that you're against respecting what's im/moral in iran, even if it's clear discrimination, but don't care about discrimination if it involves american morals. So who do you ban? The paranoid prepper advocating for mask use, while all the doctors say masks are useless? Or antimask denier, who says masks are useless, and doesn't want to wear them, when the doctors say you need to wear a mask? In my country, you could ban both in a single weekend, when we went from "masks are useless" to "masks are mandatory in public indoor places from monday on". If you mix politics into this, it makes it even worse... we were listening for four years how the ameican election was stolen, how the russians hacked everything, etc., and now we listen how it's impossible to hack the election, steal the votes, etc. Who do you ban? The conspiracy theorists then or now? More stupid example? You have religious people in eg. Iran saying that women should cover parts of their bodies, that men don't have to cover. And you have instagram saying that women should cover parts of their bodies, that men don't have to cover. On one side, if you advocate that women should cover up parts of their body, that men don't have to, you're a misogynistic hate group, and get banned, unless we're talking about nipples, then it's instagram itself doing the deleting and banning. Yeah, it "just works" but it does nothing. Then you have to open a book, to see how to load data from a tape. Windows 95(?) solved this issue by implementing autorun (insert cd, wait, window pops up, "install"/"play", click the one you want, and you're done). Ahem... - knowing right IRQs to have sound in a game - editing autoexec.bat to get your cd drive to work - hoping your game and your graphics card are compatible (as much as we can hate Microsoft, DirectX was a good thing they did) - wanna chat with girls? First dialup modem, then knowing AT commands to disable "wait for dial tone", because somehow that didn't work in my country, installing an irc client, knowing the right server address and port to connect to, to be finaly able to send "asl?" to some random "_HornyGirl_" and getting back "13/f/cali" ... Nah... that sucks if you're trying to actually do something. When i finish everything (work, home, cook food, eat, cleanup, random household tasks,...) it's usually 8 in the evening, maybe 9. If i want to do something (hobby, personal project....), I start at 9, and work until "too late". If you go to sleep early, and wake up at (eg.) 5 in the morning, start work at 8, you have (eg.) 1 hour to get ready and commute + 2 hours of free time. If anything "goes wrong" in my project, i have to debug, retry, fix, cut and cut again (and it's still too short),... doing this in the morning,it means, that you interrupt your pleasure-work at the moment where you're most productive (and where the thing you're doing is most "fun"/fulfiling). I can always go to sleep an hour later, or two, or five... most people are not that flexible with their jobs. This is just my personal experience and opinion though. Problem with this is, that you have a massive number of users on facebook, and not wanting to do business using them, could be a massive hit to your sales. I know people, who only look for businesses on facebook, ask for support questions there, and dont't care if the business doesnt have a full webpage, if it has a facebook page (and even if it has, sendin an email is a lot "harder" than just clicking "chat" on a facebook page, to ask something (eg. if they're open now, due to pandemic,etc.). I mean... earning money, by eg. doing remote services, delivering food, online training/fitness/.., etc. is a good, and still "ok" way to make money. Shorting on businesses, because of a global pandemic... yes, that's bad. Binge watching is great... I can watch a series in a week or two, and be done with it... compare that to having to be at home, every tuesday at 9pm, or setting the awkward vcr controlls, hoping the timer setting will actually start recording at the right time, and then watching at some other time... Then waiting for 3, 4 months for the next season, forgetting what happened in the last, etc. This is not a rare policy.... but they give you a work phone, and you only use it for work. If they don't pay you for being available after work, you turn it off after you stop working, and turn it back on in the morning. For this to work, you need a huge, well paid and loyal army. America has a huge army, but their people have more guns, and pretty much everyone else has less army. By some theories, when a day comes, that fathers are unable too feed their children, the revolution starts, and those usually don't end very well for the elites. Interesting read.... interesting choice of subjects,... three languages, and only math for STEM subjects.... But otherwise... Since all the students are competing against eachother, and all are taking the exam in similar circumstances, i don't see a major issue... they all have it 'harder'. The paywall hid the second part of the article... but, if the exams are the same for all, and graded the same, and top X students get accepted, just by looking at exam scores, any demographic irregularities are to be blamed on previous education of students with bad scores, and not the selective school, which only accepts the best students. I mean.... we do try to use literally every part of those animals we kill, from their tenderloin to their skin and bones. If we're killing 175k crabs per year, it'd still be better to use their bodies for bait (if the alternative is to throw them away, and kill another 175k + the rest for bait). I live in a former communist country... holy fuck is that hard to explain to some people. Back then, everybody was poor, and some party members were less poor. Now, everybody has a lot more compared to then, but because someone else has even more than that (huge house, a bmw,...), they blame capitalism. They literally stood in line to buy cabbages, and now they complain that strawberries are expensive (in december!). Only thing worse ae the pensioners, who complain that there's "too much choice" in the stores... how they used to have one chocolate (which didn't have enough cocoa to actually be a chocolate), and now theres 3/4 of an aisle of just chocolates... the chocolate they used to buy is still there, but it's shitty compared to other stuff, then they buy a milka and complain that Lindt is too expensive... Is it so hard to get american workers? Don't they pay enough? Or why do they need foreigners? But you can always find people in a shitty to do the job for cheaper than a local worker. why would local workers (=voters) want that? The government should make rules that make lives better for their citizens,... other citizens have their own governments to take care of them. ...or they hire an american, who they have to pay money than a foreigner, and is not tied to them via their visa. Or maybe because foreigners are cheaper, are willing to work more for their pay, and even if treated badly, they won't quit, because they'll have to leave their country then. But do they need that many "best" people? Or are just "good enough" people from "shithole countries" cheaper than locals? I mean... why pay an american a good wage, when you can get someone from some poor country, give them a barely livable wage (especially with rent prices in silicon valley), bring them there with a h1b visa and treat them badly, because if they quit, they must leave the country. Because destructive interference in one direction is constructive interference (double the sound) in another. Holy fuck the new reddit is shitty.... If i just want to see the link, I click the link. If i scroll down on a post, i want to read the comments.... plural, as in many... not just one or two, and then a new, unrelated post, and having to click a button to show the rest of the comments... the only "thing" you have (commenting/discussions), you're destroying now. Shouldn't there be like laws to protect against those, and a few huge class-action lawsuits, forcing the telcos to pay millions and millions of dollars because of that? Due to skin effect, most of the power is absorbed in the outer layers (skin mostly), and that causes 'warm/hot/burning' feeling, before doing anything else to your body. To directly point radiwaves, you need very very high frequencies, and with skin effect, those don't go very deep into a humans head (we're talking millimeters or less here). long range + easy to aim means very very high frequency, means very shallow skin effect dept, means bruning skin and not all the other symptoms. I live in europe, we have many such laws, and noone can get that data. ...except government agencies, local and foreign spies, system administrators, etc. I mean.... you have to eat... if reddit pays you enough to make shitty software... why not. I'm sure they have a gajillion teams doing A/B testing, and using only advertising metrics to decide how it looks and what it does, so it's not really the devs choice of what to do,... they just have to implement it. I understand the need for patents. But the length of patents is absurd. 20 years for each of, what is basically a single piece of a huge puzzle, is absurd. Especially in tech, where most of the things are obsolete way sooner. Graphic calculators are extremely expensive for what they provide (compared to a cheap phone). Only thing holding them up is regulation (ie. being allowed in class and at certain exams), because otherwise, even a cheap phone can emulate a classical calculator (eg. hp 49g for us RPN fans), not to mention more advance tools (from apps to wolfram alpha). I use HP (because i want RPN), and i use this: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.ab.x48 This one is better for newer models: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.emulator.f... Yes,i know it's an emulator, but for the same price as a calculator, i get an emulated calculator + a bunch of other stuff, including wolfram alpha, huge database of knowledge online (wikipedia) + of course a phone. ...and on the other hand, i have this always in my pocket. How do you guys deal with cyclist not obeying the law there (because well, you have a lot of cyclists there)? I drive, i walk, i cycle.... and the cyclists are always the worst in traffic, and the police does nothing. Left side, right side, green light, red light, noone cares. Packed pedestrian street and cylists drive waay to fast down it, bump into pedestrians and just drive on. On a bike, on a bike lane, there are more people driving in the wrong direction than in the correct one (seen at every traffic light, if you count the waiting cyclists). If you're in the car, sometimes they drive on the bicycle lane, and then just drve into the steet deirctly infront of you to overtake a slower cyclist, or cross the road at pedestrian crossing (they'd have to obey the yield sign, but they see the crossin, and just drive over, without slowing). Plus of course earphones + phone in hand. We also build some really nice bicycle paths outside of towns (eg: https://i.imgur.com/MqrId1R.jpg - road on the left, bike lane in the middle), and still get a lot cyclists driving on the main road, because "they can drive faster there", and then complain about cars. Does the police actually police the cyclists, or do they just controll the cars, and let the others (pedestrians, cyclists, skaters, rollerbladers,...) deal with themselves by themselves? Say what you will.... I see and know a bunch of people wanting to move to america, and pretty much noone wanting to move to China. Politics and propaganda aside, following the people movement patters tells alot about individual countries (em- vs im-igration ratio by itself, but even more the ratio of immigrants from 'even shittier' countries and people leaving to 'less shittier' ones). Step 8: someone new comes along, with their own steps 2-4 Step 9: people abandon you for the new site Step 10: you appear on lists, next to sites like Digg and Myspace Neither has for myspace. Until facebook. And now facebook is losing people (luckily for them, a lot have gone to their own instagram). Snapchat was all the rage for a year or two... and now... pretty much silent. Youtube just has a high barrier of entry.... a few more "optimizations", screw up a few more content creator, and a new billion dollar startup will come, and take over where youtube stopped. People from china going home is one thing... but there are still people from eg. Netherlands (and other developed european countries... and underdeveloped too, and african, and southern american, and a lot of asian too), who want to move to america (and actively do, especially coders and engineers), while those people moving to china is rare. The chinese autoritarian system, from the great firewall to face recognition, to well... the covid story (hiding covid, hiding numbers, and literally welding doors shut in china, is not atractive to someone from a relatively free country. Louis Rossman said it in many of his recent videos.... new york has everything, but also costs alot. You have cinemas, broadway, restaurants, everything.... and you pay for that privilige. Now, when all that is closed, you have only the "bad" parts (the homeless, crime, noise, bad smells... all that with a "premium price")... so, why stay? Poor people have no jobs, have to move out.... rich people don't have anything to do there, and move out because they can. + proposed $3 tax for every package ordered :) ..because you can't buy anything "non essential" locally, because everything is closed... https://abc7ny.com/package-surcharge-nyc-extra-fee-for-deliv... That adds 30% of the costs to a pack of cheap socks from amazon. That's a lot. Most critical cases (with higher chance of death) would probably be given to more senior, experienced surgeons, and that skews the statistics. But it costs you, and they still collect your data and will sell it for ads elsewhere. Ublock on PC, youtube vanced on android! America is handling covid at the same level as most developed countries... yes badly, but still, this is a temporary setback, while chinese system is a permanent one. I was born and lived in a socialist country (still live 'here', but the country does not exist anymore), and 'solidarity' in a socialist sense is something that made people flee to USA in the first place. If you're a good, skilled worker, tradesman, engineer, etc., america is still one of the best countries to live in. If you're incompetent, have mental issues, etc., then you're fucked, and you'd be beter off in a highly developed european country, this I agree. Title makes it sound as if a whole organized group of neonazis were found with explosives and a bunch of other action-movie equipment,... ...and then goes on to explain most of the stuff was "planned" by a 17yo kid in a chatroom. For a simple tool, use rsnapshot ( https://rsnapshot.org/ ). Pull system, which rsyncs (over ssh) the data from machones to folders on a server, then, on the next day, creates a hard-link copy of the backup folders, to get a separate "yesterdays" version, and rsyncs over the "todays", to get the new "todays". ...plus some scripts to do a weekly,and monthly versions and to keep the number of backups at a desired number (config). Only downside is, that it needs root access to rsync whole filesystems, and that you need to manually set the excludes for each machine. Drones are fucking loud, and the video stream can be detected while transmitted via the air (with an sdr card or something similar). Signals can also be jammed, and combined with gps jamming, the drone will "get lost", and probably land at its current location (and hopefully not just drop out of the sky when the batteries are empty). And this is not james bond level of knowledge and equipment, but something a better ham radio operator or a better engineering student can do with sme preparation. Is it really christmas time, if there are no cocacola-trucks-driving-to-town ads on tv? Yep! "One click" fork + "one click" pull request are its killer features. Yep, users usually expect a (eg.) 1km gradient (less than 1km, 1km, 2km,...), and not precise location. But if your apartment is large, and you need coverage in your bathroom at the other side of it, you need more power.... this can't be automated, and manufacturers prefer higher range to users calls to support and helping them raise the power manually (especially when compared to an old AP, which had that range). But mesh means a few plugged in small devices. Your soluton means calling yours ISP to have the fiber come to a different place in your house and/or buying another router, having to pull cables (=drilling, cables,...) which is not allowed in some cases (when renting), pulling power cords (if there are no outlets at the optimal position), and having a blinking box in the middle of your dining room. And mesh... it "just works" But you can't know all of that. Imagine some local wallmart having an issue with something (eg. a bunch of expired chemicals, that have to be disposed as dengerous), and they don't want to deal with that in a proper way, and some local manager tells some local worker, to just dump the chemicals into a stream behind the wallmart. Usually noone notices stuff like that, if the chemicals are not "too bad" (=fish die), the worker will lose his/her job if (s)he doesn't do it, and the manager will get someone else to do it. If the worker reports it, it's his word against the managers, the manager will just say it was leaked rainwater, and that they asked the worker to spill it in the gutter, so the worker has no real choice, if they want to feed the kids that night. People above the manager have no idea about that local wallmart, and that one time issue. Then, the worker dumps the chemicals into the stream, the chemicals just happen to be very dangerous, and a million fish die in the river downstream. Is the CEO really the guilty on here? Did he really know? On the other hand, you have the VW dieselgate, where a whole team had to work on the software, and atleast a few level of mangers had to have known about the issue. But on the corporate ladder, where every level is squeezing the level below it to "do more", "bring in more profits", it's possible that some manager in charge of something actually didn't tell the people above him, just how exactly he solved the exhaust issue, just that he solved it, and saved millions of euros (and got a huge bonus). On the other hand, coordinating a big team of coders, and such info not getting to higher ups or to members of different teams in the same company (with different managers) is probably unlikely. What i'm trying to say is, that blaming the CEO by default is bad, because in the first case, it's unrealistic to expect the CEO to even know that that local walmart exists.... and in the second case, that there should be a very thourough investigation just how high the knowledge went, and have the whole chain of comand held responsible. We'd have less than 3x deaths, because not all dead even get ventilated. Depends on the country. Some countries (eg. norway, there way an article in our local news a few days ago) usually don't put elderly, very ill people on ventilators, if the chances of survival are minimum. Some do. The problem with different treatments and procedures also cause different statistics and comparing between countries is almost impossible. > I don't think eradicating viruses is a good thing. Yep, if nothing else, we need them to "train" our immune systems. Treating the coronavirus as a flu would be a best option... vaccinate the most exposed and vulnerable groups, and let others get it. But this is true even with companies that have only two stores. Even one if it's open for more than one shift. What are you going to do with just the transmitted data? That's just a tiny part of operations, when the machine is working correctly. What if something breaks? Do you know what all the possible error states are? What does the machine have to do if it gets an eg. "machine on fire" alert? Does your software even recognize the data sent by the machine, if it hasn't been sent before and correctly recognized? Sniffing a protocol to reverse engineer stuff, is like trying to learn a new language by listening to conversations of a ground-level monitor and a crane operator. > You have: furlongs per fortnight We need to see this ^ more often in real life! Yep, but the problem with people commenting there is, that thay don't like Trump, and cheer for his removal.... when the turntables are turned, and someone else is cheering, it'll be too late, because the precedent has been set, and we've let them do it. > Either way, they should not be an arbiter of public discourse. They can be, but they should lose their platform status and be treated as a publisher, ie. take full responsibility for content on their pages. You can't have both. The phone app could sync with the desktop app. You type an sms to the desktop, it syncs with the mobile app, mobile phone sends the sms, gets the reply, and the reply is synced to the desktop app. You could count it in increments of some number, like 1280... so you'd have a car speedometer which would measure your speed in x*1280 furlongs/forthnight. (yes i'm joking, but considering all the other freedom units, and rules measuring in 1/64", it's not far from the truth) "dude, just name the project something, it doesn't matter, we'll change the name if it get accepted" (been there, done that a few times.... there's nothing more permanent as a temporary solution) Well... don't give them ideas... "preparoved" domain lists in browsers on mobile might just be "the next thing". What's more worrying is, that a bunch of people wouldn't even notice (we've had a bunch of people call our ISPs support number, that "the internet is down" when facebook stopped working some time ago). I always get excited when something like this happens, hoping for a torrent full of top secret data,.... and then reality hits - usually there is no torrent, just speculations - even if there is a torrent, nothing happens to those people doing whatever crimes are documented there > I'm personally very free speech oriented, but that ends where the legality of speech ends. Insight to violence, and I think doxing should also be illegal or censored. But twitter is full of that, and they even allow it, if the targets are "right" (as in "not wrong"). https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/clarissajanlim/teen-nam... doxxing (for the "right" reason) #killallmen tranding on twitter.... and allowed, and in general a lot of violent calls against a few "unprotected groups of people" I'm not against a striclty moderated social network (="kid safe"), if you treat #killalmen and #killallwomen the same (and all other examples), and marketing it as such. But choosing a side, and removing only the others sides posts, while leaving the ones you agree with up, is a bad thing for everyone. Sites like reddit might be even worse, where everyone can create a subreddit, and only some get banned ( https://www.reddit.com/r/WatchRedditDie/comments/dtqb29/rfra... ). Yes, i'm saying that this law/rule (or whatever it's called, I'm not from USA) should be changed. You should be able to choose a status, either "platform" or "published", and in the case of the first, you'd have to leave everything not directly illegal (with rules in place, how to contest the legality in court if the post was removed and the author think it's legal speech - sort of like with DMCA claims), or you're a publisher, where you can decide what content you want and which you don't want, and then take responsibility for the content you've let stay on your site. Currently we have social networks like facebook deciding that one type of -ism is worse than the other tipe of -ism, and letting one stay while removing the other [0]. If you expand this to politics, you can get greater consequences than just a few people being recist (but since it's against whites and men, it's "ok" in the eyes of facebook). So yes, sites like facebook and twitter (which generally have a monopoly) should be regulated more, and having to choose their status. [0] https://eu.usatoday.com/story/tech/2020/12/03/facebook-ranks... Samsungs are locked there? Here in europe, you go to developer mode, check the OEM unlock button, reboot and hold some weird button combination while booting, phone asks you again if you want to unlock the bootloader, does a factory reset for security reasons, another reboot, and it's unlocked. Yup! There are many, many protocols for exchanging messages, chats, files, etc. (basically, what e-mail does), they all come, get some traction, last for two years, then die (except maybe irc, but except for a few nerds, it's hard to get anyone on there anymore). Some get killed by google, some just get replaced by "the next new thing"... but e-mail still lives, and works, and does what is needed. 20 years is not a reasonable amount of time for technological products in current times. Hardware, 20 years? 20 years ago, Nokia 3310 was released. For consumer hardware, that's still a very very long time to hold a patent on something. Specialized scientific/industrial hardware, maybe... consumer goods... way too long. But that's just my personal opinion. I was just saying that 20 years ago is "old". Nokia probably had a gajillion GSM patents that they used to make the phone, and a bunch of other companies had to pay them money for many years to build 2g/GSM phones. Qualcomm and a few other companies have a bunch of patent for 4g tech, so even now (when we're rolling out 5G), it's practically impossible to make a modern...ish modem without giving atleast some money to one of those companies, and 4G is "old tech" already. > The United Kingdom is somewhat unique in the world for requiring those households which view broadcast television to purchase a licence for the privilege Not really, we have that in Slovenia too. In the past, you could avoid it by claiming you had no tv (and a grey-legal area of letting them verify). Then they expanded and added the "radio" part, where you paid less if you have a radio (and no tv), including car radio. Then they added internet streaming, and expanded the definition of "tv" to "any device, capable of viewing streamed content" (pc, smartphone), so if you have a smartphone, you have to pay for tv, just because you have a device capable of watching a stream. There have been many calls to just encrypt the over-the-air broadcasts, and create usernames and passwords for paying customers for streaming, but they prefer the "catch-all" definitions of "tv", so they can collect monthly subscriptions from pretty much every household in the country. Our private tv stations are not much better... the most viewed one, did a nasty deal with the cable/iptv operators, wanting either a lot of money for their tv channels as a searate option, or less money if their tv stations are put into "basic"(=cheapest, smaller) cable packages, so they forced a price increase for every cable/iptv subscriber and there's no way to cancel just their channels. But how do you know who is a 'freedom fighter' and who is a 'terrorist' then? Do you let google and facebook decide? Look, an "Anti soviet warrior", "on the road to peace" - https://www.businessinsider.com/1993-independent-article-abo... > A tolerant society means no tolerance for terrorists. But how do you know who is a 'freedom fighter' and who is a 'terrorist' then? Do you let google and facebook decide? Look, an "Anti soviet warrior", "on the road to peace" - https://www.businessinsider.com/1993-independent-article-abo... > Turn on by default the tools to amplify factual voices over disinformation. [link to post on changing Facebook's timeline algorithm] This is great, silencing disinformation... or maybe not. On one march friday, facebook would silence the "conspiracy theorists" claiming you should wear a mask, because our 'experts' (and american too, and WHO and many others) said, that wearing a mask for covid is useless. Then, on the next day, our government mandated masks and gloves in every indoor location (stores,...), and facebook would silence the people claiming masks are useless. Why? Why should I need/buy one? RaspberryPI is a relatively good "PC" for cheap, uses little power and is fast enough for most usecases at home. RaspberryPi zero is a bit slower, but a lot smaller.... and harder to buy. Neither of them have any good alternatives on the market (yes i know many other similar boards exist, but software support is really shitty for those "alternative" boards, especially after a few years). Why PI Pico? What killer feature does it have, compared to esp32 (which has wifi), arduino (which as a gajillion libraries and support), or some other microcontroller (bbc micro, STM,...)? EDIT: not trying to shit on their effort, but genuinely looking for an answer to "why this, and not something else (arduino, esp,...)?" How big is the market for "good webcams"? If 99% of the people just need a "good enough" (to recognise your face) webcam, that they turn off after the initial "hello!" (so noone notices they have no pants on if they have to stand up), does that really make it worth it to develop new tech for the 1%? ...compared to phone cameras, where people actually want (and are willing to pay more) for a good camera, especially for one that works better in shitty lighting conditions. > used to As with every war, you have "freedom fighters" fighting the "bad dictator" and you have "terrorists" fighting the "democratically elected leader", depending on who the media like that day - https://imgur.com/gallery/NQ67u . Same here.. if elon/us government/whoever sides with the protesters, then starlink is the solution. If they decide that the farmers are "oposition funded extremists" (or whatever) it isn't. Basically the only solution is the one that is independent on the government and international corporations... be it ham radio, wifi mesh networks, or some other kind of technology. Obviously all of that is easier in developed nations, where everyone can buy an extra router and a handheld radio for a price of a dinner at a shitty restaurant. You said something people disagree with (and mostly being guys here) that proves the point. Then you accuse friendly people of not being friendly and treating you like apiece of ass, admit you cannot recognize friendly banter, and accuse people of sexism. If someone here is unfriendly to others, it's you. "leaving boys behind" is a big problem in current times, and still noone does anything about it. This is especially seen in education, where girls/women outnumber boys/men in higher education by huge margins (university of ljubljana here is 60:40 women, so 50% more women enrolled). So basically, 3x higher than an hackrf (1MHz-~6GHz)? Not bad, but also not something revolutionary. Bandwidth is 4MHz, according to the article. pi=3 is a totally usefull approximation for when the students are old enough to know, when pi=3 is good enough. Definitely not elementary school. Wait what? Single digit ownership of a billion dollar company gives you a lot of access and control. Especially if it's something that the other 90% don't care about, but you do (eg. chinese politics). Well.. i mean, it's not as if we'll stop using plastic soon, and since the whole world has issues with it now (since china doesn't but it anymore), investing in such redesigned burners would be a good investment now. I find a bunch of things on youtube, videos longer than 1 minute, that i add to "watch later" list, to well... watch later. Some things i watch the same day, some are there to stay. Around 10-20% of the older videos are gone... from copyright infringements (music in video), to deleted channels, to "not available in your country). What I hate the most is, that even the video titles are removed, so i have no idea what's gone, just the "[Private video]" or "[Delted video]" in the list. So what? Report him to the police, do an investigation, fire him if he really did what he's accused of, let the court deal with the rest... I don't know why removing him from the internet helps. C is great. I never understood some peoples' desires to rewrite old stuff into new languages, just because it's a new language. X exists... and HN is then full of "X in python", "X in python3", "X in rust", "X in ruby", "X in go", "X in perl6" ... why? Especially with "new" languages, that lose popularity after a few years (remember all the ruby (-on rails,...) hype?) or languages that change with versions, and running old code in a new interpreter doesn't work (fscking python, and a bunch of python2.x code online that won't run on modern systems anymore, without a lot of work.... i have 20 year old perl books, and all the examples still work, even older C books, and everything works... but not python, "print foo" breaks in pyton3, not to mention integer divison that you don't even notice it failed, until something goes horribly wrong). curl is written in C and JustWorks(TM), it doesn't need to be written in anything else. C is pretty easy to learn, and the larges community is probably the embedded/maker one (with some c++.... micropython is slowly crawling in tho). This depends on the meaning of "24" in "24/7/365" Kids spent a lot of time outside with their peers, and with extended families, neighbors, and even alone. Maybe not 9 hours per day (time kids spend in school (and "afternoon care" in my country) with both parents working 8 hours/day), but still a considerable amount of time, when they didnt help with the chores. It might be anecdotal, but only recently I have seen the trend of parents filling up every minute of their kids schedules with after school activities, burning out their children at a very young age. > libertarian fantasy So what do you recommend? Mandatory lights/heaters/AC on/off times, so the power produced is actually used, and the power needed is actually produced? The british have the problem that during a football game half-time, a bunch of people start their tea kettles at the same time, and there is a relatively huge spike in electricity usage... this means, that the electricity providers have to plan for this and import electricity and/or shut down other cunsumers for those 15 minutes. Now imagine an unplanned half-time, without the time to prepare, and a magnitude higher changes, that happen suddenly (eg, three/ice brings down cables)... there's no way to predict everything and deal with every problem. What variable pricing does is, that it gives incentive to consumers to use electricity when it's cheaper and not use it when it's more expensive. For homes that means washing clothes in the evenings and on sundays (cheper electricity here then) and not during peak usage hours, and for industry that means shutting down the highest consumers when there is not enough power available, and having them use up extra power when needed. The percentage of people who tinkered and explored, and did all the fun stuff back then is probably still the same as now. But back then most of the "normal" people didn't use the internet at all, and now use it for youtube and facebook. APIs are great.. i want an app to be able to list all the apps installed. I just don't want facebook app to do it, because it really doesn't need that data, and I don't want to give it to them. This should be done the same as with location and microphone access... ie. "ask the user". "Flashlight 2000 DX app wants to access list of apps installed - allow once, allow always, deny now, deny always". Facebook wants to track 50 different things? Well.. ask the user 50 different times and try to explain why you want access to their call history and calendar data (adding calendar entries could also be a write-only option, with optional unique ids to change/remove entries).... and give your UX team a headache. Also, "deny" should be the "bolded" default. Maybe even give the user a list of unchecked permission the app wants, with explanations why it needs them, and have the user check the ones they want to give to the app (default state is unchecked (deny)). Also granularity is key... giving location access for bluetooth connections, giving "manage calls" access to stop playing music when you get a call, etc. is just stupid. Is there a good AutoCAD alternative for linux (FOSS)? Haven't worked with *CAD a lot, but probably will have to in near future (long story), and i need some basic cad drawings. Contact list access does that too... and a bunch of apps get it. I just want the app to ask me, and me to decide if the app really needs it or not. But i want to be able to use an app to act as a VNC server (screen capture, inputs,...), or an app (eg. tasker automation) to start a vpn connection and an ssh server when i send a SMS to the device. I just don't want a screensaver app to be able to do that. Basically, i'd be happy if those "risky" permissions would be hidden in app management in settings, disabled by default, and enabled only by power users. The problem now is, that due to fscked up permissions schemes, some apps are unable to work at all, even the stuff they work now, some due to play store issues (eg. termux because they want to run downloaded code), and some due to missing apis (eg vnc servers). Surge pricing is great within limits (mostly monetary), to help with keeping an actual network effective. If regulations are set correctly (max surge price factor, max highprice interval in a pre-set time interval,...), and surge-pricing-aware devices are available (eg. water heaters that turn off at higher price, and turn back on at lower). Going from a couple of cents to $9 per kWh, for extended time periods, without users actually having an alternative is well... pretty shitty. Yep... On aliexpress, pretty much every thing is now "xiaomi"... from towels, toothbrushes to manicure sets..... Sometimes looking at review photos and trying to look for bad-quality marks helps... sometimes, sadly... not. But all of this has it's rise and it's stagnation and bloat-fall. What does a new flagship phone do better, compared to a 2year old one? A slightly better camera, maybe more storage space, and that's it. "Back in the days" we had phones with 9,10 7-segment displays, then single line lcd screens, multiline, graphical, color, touchscreens and smartphones (each step taking only a couple of years), and since then (so, the last ~5 years) not a lot of "new stuff", that would warrant buying a new phone (except the failing battery on the old one). Websites have got massively bloated and slow, even on modernish computers, and show even less informations than they did in the past (fscking gallery pages). We've gone from text-only sites, to basic html (with images!), javascript, to 'web 2.0' with dynamic loading... to bloatware. As mentioned... word has gone from a five, ten...ish megabytes to hundreds of megabytes while not offering much more compared to older versions. Yes, it's a bit more polished, some things are easier now... but not a lot. Going from text to graphical mode was a "revolution", but again, not a lot new after. Even operating systems... what does windows 10 do, that windows 7 didn't? I mean... we do get a new feature here and then, but the push to "make a new version" is stronger than the actual need for a new version.... not at first, but once the software gets mature enough, there's (almost) "nothing new to add". Yep! As someone from a former socialist country, I can confirm. Situation has got a lot better in the last ~30 years, people have alot more, but since a few people got even more than that, some complain a lot. Average worker family has gone from bicicyles and maybe one yugo (or a "fico" - even smaller/cheaper) to two, maybe three european-mid-range cars + all the modern extras, but are not happy, because their neighbor has as 100k€ mercedes. I have a possibly stupid question... Parts of america have really really high housing costs... like really high... and a bunch of people want to live there, and a lot of people there are poor (atleast compared to housing prices). Why the hell do you still build single family houses, or one/two floor buildings in areas where you need to fit a bunch of people (eg. both photos in the article)? I'm from a former socialist country, and housing for working families back then looked (still does) like this: https://i.imgur.com/pmpcaOL.png https://i.imgur.com/YowiKVe.png Modern buildings look a bit better, with ground floors for commercial use, and underground parking, but still: https://i.imgur.com/AFpUiuX.jpg I understand single or two floor buildings if you're building something in rural alabama... there's a lot of space there, and the land is cheap.... But places like san francisco? That, I don't get. Well, this is ok when you work more, to get more for yourself... ...out here, people want their neighbours to have less. But the idea is still the same... just the outside look has changed. Build a 5, 10 story apartment building, underground parking, and fit hundreds of people in a space, that would otherwise be used by 5-10 houses (20, 30 people). First photos are from belgrade, when that design was "modern" from 1960-1980s, and the last, modern one is from ljubljana, built recently. Here it's "let my cow die, just if two of neighbours' die" But yeah... we earn relatively little (compared to you), and have better cars than most of the northern europe... most of them on long year loans... It's not rare to see an (eg.) BMW X7 owner at a gas station pump 9.85eur of gas, than slowly fondle the pump handle, because he only has 10eur for gas. The neighbors see the car, not the amount of gas inside :) Also a lot of "not in my back yard" behaviour. > A counterpoint - You then get jerry built high rises built to minimum standards and smaller rooms which leads to tragedy's like Grenfell tower. The old socialist buildings are made form reinforced (rebar) concrete... even the inside walls... and outside walls.. and sometimes even balcony ledges. Even occasional gas explosions usually just blow out some windows. Better question is, why are those devices allowed to be sold in EU/US/... Except for e-ink, why should I buy one, instead of this "polished" one: http://www.lilygo.cn/prod_view.aspx?TypeId=50053&Id=1290&FId... (i need a new gadget to play with, a watch seems a 'fun' choice, not affiliated with anyone, I just order a bunch of crap from aliexpress) yep, rpn is great! And since you're solving part by part, it's easier to spot mistakes in calculations. Going back to algebraic is pretty much impossible... luckily, there are many rpn calculator apps for phones. This is politics, who cares about a few people doing bad stuff... If the shit hits the fan, you want to know the political stance of all the citizens, and who the troublemakers will be, if something large is happening. ...and for that, it's enough to know which political sites they're visiting, even if you don't know the content itself. This is sadly spreading... you have a thing, that is old, well tested, and works (and had worked for years).... but someone wants to reimplement this same thing in Rust, or whatever language of the day, because it's "safer" than (eg.) C... so you get something that has 40% of the features of the old software, 20% of the features that were done with another standard software, and one or two really important features missing.... but developer and distro-makers don't care, because it's "modern" and written in Rust (or whatever). You update the software. If they start charging, you don't care, because you can keep your free copy. I don't know about the "huge overhead cost" of running an update now and then. ...but, the data is yours, the software is yours, the solution built on it is yours. Noone can raise the prices, noone can give unrealistic/stupid limits (eg. how many queries can you do per month in your paid/free package,...), and noone can take your data away. If the 'frontend' stays the same (and i literally mean all frontend, from GUI to APIs), then noone cares. If something changes, you atleast can delay the change, until you fix other components (or maybe even not update, if it's some internal stuff), because with SaaS, you have no say about it. Even if the project becomes unsupported, you can still run the old version, until you find 'something new' (or again, keep runing the old for internal stuff). If you build anything around a SaaS provider, they alway have yu by the balls,... be it with ever changing pricing or killing the project, "just because" [0] [0] https://killedbygoogle.com/ Of course... if it's outside facing... internal stuff can be delayed (and often is).... but again, that's why you pay admins for. Usually feature updates (api changes) and security updates are kept separate (unless you waited with the feature update, until there was a security issue).... but again, the thing is still yours. it's like a taxi vs a free car + free parts, and all you need is gas and time to do service. You still need an admin, even if you use SaaS... someone has to make the SaaS work... this just adds an aditional update every now and then to their workload. I'm your neighbor to the south (slovenia)... here, your house is practically untouchable if you mess up, but most people want other people to be taxed for owning a house. They also want owners of vacant properties taxed a lot more (which they believe would create more rentable apartments, but vacant apartmnts in big cities are rented out without contracts and without tax - usually to students, who prefer a risky cheap apartment, to a contract+more expensive, and vacant houses outside of cities are empty because literally noone wants to live there - you can buy a house with a large yard around it for a price of a used WV Golf in some parts of slovenia, and maybe half a bathroom in our capital). The same people also want people making money by renting out apartments pay more taxes on rent, because they somehow believe that the increase of taxes wont mean increase in rent prices.... i have no idea why. But our largest problem is the same as in many other cities, including San Francisco.... want to build something? You have to buy a run down house, because you're not allower to build stuff on farming area, literally by the city center... and when you build a house, it can be 2 family house max. We need huge apartment buildings, but finding an area where an invester can build ones is impossible, because our municipality and goverment don't allow it. San francisco is also a building project that noone understands... Instead of building large apartment buildings, they build single family houses. There was a law passed in the 90s, where people who were assigned (government) apartments, could buy them from the government for really really cheap, and get government loans to do so (+ we had a lot of inflation, so we're talking 20year loans, where people would pay around an equivalent of ~50eur monthly... basically nothing). So yeah... those who bought the apartments are happy, those who paid for the construction (the rest), and didn't get any, were not, and government currently has just a few "social apartments" for poor people. On the other hand, if the government was a landlord to all those people, that would mean a lot more administration and a lot more work (basically, back to yu-levels, or even worse, because people expected more after the fall of yugoslavia). Any research funded by any public money (in whole or in part, or done for free on devices funded by public money) should be public. Not scihub pirate-public, but available for download directly, for free on the university/institution webpage, and through national libraries. Of course they are, but when you quit, it's you showing them the middle finger, not them trying to screw you over (unless they still owe you money, but cours there side with the workers usually... tbh. even too much sometimes). But this is not "youtube and patreon", but "employer buzzfeed does not pay their employees enough". But how much do you personally pay for the artists' products per month, compared to how much you pay your bank? How many people actually pay anything for some specific artists' stuff, compared to some specific bank? Everybody needs a bank, and there are very few banks, with very few people who really earn a lot. Gambling is gambling.. most lose there. And the rest mentioned are a result of governents/police/court system not working. It's easy to say Bobby the youtuber deserves more money... actually paying him from your pocket is a totally different thing. I'd be happy if the developers were given an "average" device for testing, and not the newest-shiniest-flagship one. I get it why for development it's beneficial for a test device to be as fast as possible (because there less time is wasted for (eg.) an app to start after a change in code), but a lot of modern applications don't do more than they did 10 years ago, but eat up a lot more resources for the same output. For me, the main killer feature of sqlite is portability. (Like moving it around, not porting it to new systems). Just write the code to create an empty database if the db file does not exist, move your code elsewhere, and the database will be created on the first run. No usernames, passwords, firewall rules, IP addresses, no nothing... just a single file, with all the data inside. Miration? Copy the whole folder, code and the database. Clean install.. copy the folder, delete the database. Testing in production? Just backup the file, do whatever, then overwrite the file. > Funny thing to see is that as a country becomes MORE developed, women tend to be LESS inclined to attend STEM studies. Stem jobs are relatively shitty jobs... paid well, but work schedule can be relatively screwed up. If you add enterpreneurship to that, it makes the work-life balance even worse. Women on average prefer better work-life balance, and men prefer careers where they can get higher and earn more. In some countries (less developed), the only way to lead a realatively OK life is to get a stem degree and work something related to that. In more developed countries, the job market (and social support) makes it possible to live OK even with a "worse" degree (ie. the ones where you can't get a job with in less developed countries). Serbia also has enough supply, because they buy the vaccine from everyone they can (chinese, russian, european,...). In many (EU) countries, the EU is passively forcing them to use EU backed vacciness and not foreign ones (russian, chinese), while being unable to provide enough vaccines for their own people and even exporting those vaccines to other non-eu countries. I live in a country with tax-paid medical (and dental, vision, everything necessary, with some minor exclusions) - they basically take 12.92% of your pretax earnigs for medical + ~30eur extra. I pay a lot of money for those services, but i get really shitty service for some of those - eg. dental. I see a dark caries spot on my tooth, and basically if I'm good enough to eat (not too much pain), my waiting time is ~6months+ (pre-corona time, probably a lot longer now). I can go to a private dentist and get a filling, but I have to pay for the service. There is no way to either opt-out of eg. dental, or to get a part of the service paid by our national insurance (eg same price as the insurer would pay a government assigned dentist, you just pay a difference). We have a bunch of papers with a bunch of words promising Yes, if you cut your arm off, they will fix you, but the dental (and many other branches) are pretty bad. > Emphasis on the "minor operations". Things are prioritised by need and urgency, so naturally you end up with a long tail of non-urgent, minor operations. How long do you wait for eg. a tooth filling? Or if you notice a dark spot on the skin, to get it checked up by a dermatologist? So the minor things, that can get messy real fast if you dont deal with them fast? Probably because people earning less than average will want to be in the shared pool, and people earning more than the average will want individual insurance schemes. If the insurance is fixed price (eg. pay $X and get $Y services), then yes. If it's a tax, you pay percentage of what you earn, and if you earn above average, you'll also be paying above average insurance rate but still getting average service. > Being rich shouldn't get you better actual health care. Why not? If the healthcare is perfect, then there's no need to pay for better helathcare... but if it's not (eg. long wait times, outdated procedures,...), if someone pays to get a dentist tomorrow (instead of waiting 6monts for a government one), why not? The problem with minor conditions is, that you still have to pay for them. You pay for dental, but don't get the service. I pay insurance for my car (it's mandatory here - the mandatory part only covers damages on other peoples cars when you're the guilty one). I also pay (extra) for windshield repair, and when a small rock on the highway breaks my windshield, i go to one of the preaproved service centers (or do the paperwork to do it somewhere else), get the glass replaced, and go home after ~30 minutes. I also pay for dental in my mandatory government insurance (no way to opt-out), and when i see a dark spot on my tooth, i call the government dentist, and they tell me to come in six months, at 11.30am on a tuesday. I could wait that long, but by that time, my tooth could get worse, and a simple drill-drill-fill-fill might end up as an extraction or worse. So basically, I either have to pay for a private dentist to do it (full price, not just the difference in price compared to a government dentist), or wait six months and risk it. Either way, i pay for dental, that I don't get. Same for eg. dermatologists... find a spreding dark spot on the skin.. wait six months+ (probably more now, due to the plague), or pay 70eur and get it checked out the next day. Wait six months, and a simple burn-off could be cancer. > but the fundamental issue of "you can't just spin up a fab" remains of course. Why not? I mean... look at the current plague pandemic - we've been listening that you cannot just create more space in hospitals overnight, or build new rooms, and this and that... but it's not overnight... it's been a year now, and if they started building the first time they said "it cannot be done overnight", we'd have a lot of nice empty rooms now. I remember waiting for some parts in 2002, that were delayed due to many stupid logistic issues in Korea (fifa world cup was there, then), and the excuse was the same... you cannot just make more factories overnight. Graphics card prices are overinflated, ram prices are inflated, ssd prices are inflated.... basically, anyone who starts building any form of production now, will be able to sell whatever the company puts out without issues. I know I might sound like a conspiracy theorist, but there is either some cartel deal between huge companies (intel, amd, nvidia, qualcomm,...), to keep prices artificially high and blame parts shortage, or they're all incompetent. World cup in korea was in 2002... between then and now, many generations (sizes) of semicondctors have been 'invented' (..the method to produce them) and replaced with smaller ones. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semiconductor_device_fabricati... There is a table on the right, and there are rougly 2-3 years between 'generations' - so 2-3 years between starting a new production line of top-of-the-line flagship (eg.) cpus, to making a new production line for even newer, "smaller" (transitors) cpus, and the old line making other, cheaper ones. I'm not saying that Johnny Sixpack can do it in his garage, but companies like Intel, AMD, samsung, etc. surely could do it in that timeframe, because they're already doing it now. So, what's the alternative? Now it's your choice... you either lose B but protect the rest of the infrastructure from hackers... or you think the CVE doesn't apply to your usecase (internal thing on a testing server), and don't upgrade L to keep B working. You can also install both versions of L. You can also patch the broken part of L out at the old version, if it's not mission critical. There's a lot of things you can do. Having one giant binary file with everything statically compiled in is worse in every way, except for distribution-as-a-single-file (but you can already do this now, by putting the binary and the libraries in a single zip, dump everytinh in /opt/foo, and let user find the vulnerable library manually... which again, sucks. That's why i'm against high taxes. We get a bunch of random political parties, promising to "tax the rich" and stuff, we get new laws... and what happens? - The poor already pay very little tax - no change there - The rich avoid the tax by doing shady stuff (who remembers the panama papers.. or this.. or many other stories like these) - I, the middle class engineer get fucked by the taxes, and I get fucked hard, and not in fun way. I'm not from US, so these taxes don't affect me. I'm talking about earning 2x-3x national average pay and getting fucked by that here, in a small EU country. 5k(eur) gross monthly here (current gross average is ~1950eur), after taxes and social/medical (they're a "tax" here, divided between worker and employer) gives me 2922eur net, and I cost my employer 5805eur. With VAT (22%) our customers pay 7082eur, for me to get 2922eur, and the government gets 4160eur. That's without any actual cost, my chair, my computer, toilet paper, office rent,... Do you really want to involve the police and waste taxpayers money because someone posted a photo with half a nipple visible, and someone got offended and reported it? Police currently doesn't even solve most of the cases where there is actual damage (stolen items, violence,...). There is a lot of phone malware, showing random ad notifications, collecting gps data, sending it to whoknowswhere, some even sending premium sms messages, etc. There are less drive-by installs, but more intentional installs (eg. flashlight app with a gajillion permissions). Yep, i complained and they fixed it (mobile operator or the stingray.. don't know who caused the issue or if there even was a stingray (or just a misconfigured basestation)). The problem i had is, that the time in my case was in the future, so when i called someone (personA) from within that cell, the call was made sometime in 2025... this wouldn't bother me in general, but when you use the redial function in your headset (double tap on the button), the phone would call the last dialed number (which means max(timestamp), not the actual last call), and instead of ringing the last person dialed (eg. personB), it would redial the personA I called from the affected cell, and after misdialing them by accident, a couple of times, I had to manual remove that call from the calllog, to get the redial to work again... until I entered that cell again and called someone from there again. > which turns components that once were hardware into a software program this is a fun one, because there is no shortage of knobs and buttons, just chips, and knobs don't need chips to work. Even if you do need a chip for it to work (eg. rotary encoder to canbus), most of them are still available, because the "old tech" is good enough for them (compared to newer, smaller transistor sizes, needed for modern cpus to process a lot of data - eg graphics cards, modern cpus and even touchscreen radios for cars). > Turns out this is very intentional, and China uses a different geographic coordinate system than the rest of the world. WGS-84 is the most common coordinate system, but China uses GCJ-02, sometimes called Mars Coordinates. Part of GCJ-02 is an algorithm that obfuscates the results. So applying any GCJ-02 coordinate to a globe using WGS-84 coordinates gets distorted like a funhouse mirror. A lot of countries use their own coordinate systems, that make their countries look flat on a x/y plane. Eg. my country - slovenia. Usually those coordinate systems are easy to calculate to wgs84 or web mercator projection[0], compared to the chinese solution [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_Mercator_projection First party ads are also a part of many content creators (eg. "this video is sponsored by NordShadowraid Wallet"), and currently, the only way to block them is via crowdsourcing (eg. sponsorblock addon). All this ransomware attacks and "mitigations" seem to me, as keeping the back door open, and requesting a urine sample, dna sample, anal swab, pap smear and a prostate exam from people entering the main entrance. I also live in europe. My retirement is based on paying ~25% of my gross income into a retirement fund, which is then spent on current retirees, and hoping that in many years, there will be enough people working to be able to pay my retirement. If you gave europeans those 25% as an extra net pay, there would be a lot more new cars on the road, a bit more savings/investments, and a lot more problems when people get old. "Smart" people would save and invest, and have better "pensions" than they'd have in the current system, and "stupid" people would work until 85yo, and die of hunger. Governments already don't care about current retirees, why would they care about us? Old voters currently vote by the left/right side already and not by "who gives me more" (atleast in my small EU country, and many others). I didn't say poor, I said stupid. Some people earning good wages now, would also buy new cars, and be fscked when they get old, and some people earning low wages now, would still invest the 'extra' 25% into something, that'll last until they need it to retire. ...but we do live in a system, that rewards such behaviour, so yeah... The problem (atleast in slovenia) is, that you don't get back the amount that you paid in. Eg. you work 40 years, and expect 20 years on pensions (made up numbers, just an example). If you get an average paycheck, pay 25% of it into the pension for 40 years, you expect to get approximately 50% of the average paycheck at the time of retirement. Well.. you don't (atleast not here). This also presumes, that there are 2x as many workers that pay into the fund, as there are retirees taking out of the fund... which sadly is not the case anymore, and the situation will get worse and worse. Also, due to many laws and changes, every few years, you get average-paid people retired in eg. 1991 that receive more than the average paycheck in retirement, and newly retired people getting 400eur of retirement (=not enough to survive). Usually in different-pay-same-outcome systems (eg. taxes), people above median pay want to be out of the system (because they tend to pay more and get lesscomparatively ), and people below the median want to stay in the system (because they get more and pay less comparatively). I'm talking about "normal" people, not a few at the top, who game the system in their favour. I have no idea why you had to mix race into this, but there are many working-class white americans fscked by american retirement policies. Also many well-off black people. I see a lot of american and canadian race-related stuff in the media (mostly social, eg. reddit), and the current movements remind me of the former racist movements, but with races reversed... so still racist. [0-3]. [0] https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/vermont-to-give-m... [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Students_for_Fair_Admissions_v... [2] https://scholar.harvard.edu/bgsa/black-commencement [3] https://www.nbcnews.com/news/nbcblk/usda-issued-billions-sub... > Those with good incomes subsidize those with low incomes, This keeps the average values the same (that's why I used the average example) > and everyone subsidizes those with no income. This seems to be an ongoing problem, where we on one side need workers, and on the other side pay unemployment benefits to people who don't want to work. This is then translated to pensions, where people who work only eg. 10 years (instead of 40) get a small pension, but still more than the share they paid into the fund. We don't have separate pensions. You pay into the state (~25% of gross income, part is taken from your gross, part is paid by the employer, to get a 'gross-gross' value), and that's your pension. We have separate saving schemes for pension, where your income tax is deferred until you take the money out (due to progressive tax brackets, your tax percentage will be lower when you're retired, than it is now), but usually employers have nothing to do with that, and with interest lower than inflation, it's just not worth it. ^yes, this. I chose the average on purpuse, to do just that. Poor people pay less, and are "subsidized" by the rich, who pay more, but an average person should get as much as they paid in. Considering that some people die young (before they retire), an average person should get even more than they paid into the system, because the heirs of the dead usually don't get the dead persons pension (with some exceptions, eg. underage kids) > And don't think these pernicious incentives don't exist and that peoples reliance on social security doesn't happen. That quote of "The state will save me" is almost word for word out of the mouth of friends and colleagues, with children and families, who despite being very well paid refuse to save and invest for their retirement, choosing instead to spend what they have today and only rely on social security for their retirement. Tbh, in the current system (which is bad!), they are the "smart ones". You have Alice, Bob and Charlie. They all earn the same amount of money. Alice decides to take a loan and buy a 200k house. Bob stays at home and invests in stocks. Charlie stays at home, and puts the money in a savings account. 10 years go by, alice paid off 100k of the 200k loan, house is still worth 200k, bob has 100k of stocks and Charlie has 100k in the savings account (let's forget about the interest for this example). They are technically all worth the same, just that their money is in a different form. And then one day, they all lose their jobs. Alice gets social benefits, one time extra monetary help, loan refinancing and/or even a loan freeze in some cases, Bob gets nothing and is told to sell the stock (even if it's a bad moment to sell), and Charlie gets laughed at the social benefits office, because he has 100k in his account. This might be our (slovenian) speciality, but the system is made to fuck with people who live responsibly and to always 'save' the people who spend all their money. Also houses are almost literally untouchable, even if you're a single person in a ~1mio city center apartment, and could move to a smaller one a bit further from the center for 150k. Well of course, but if you want a pension system, you have to take (in our case) 25% of their money now, to be able to give them something back later (or in our case, to give the current pensioners money now, and hope that you'll have someone to take money from, when the current workers retire). A lot of people want the retirement money 'later', but don't want to pay 'now'. The problem with "elsewhere" is, that "elsewhere" is marked as sexist, racist, far-right, nazi-, and free speech is marked as bad. Sites like parler lose their hosting, sites lose their domains, their apps are rejected by the app stores, and soon there is no "elsewhere" to go, atleast not for "the masses". World is big, but eg. mobile ecosystem is basically google and apple, and both banned the parler app. Alice can sell her house for 200k and have 100k to pay for rent and live off. In large cities, there are many many things that elders can do, and many elder groups/clubs doing many different things. Sitting on train and taking space away from people who actually need to get somewhere is a bad solution. > There are already laws in place for the employers to pay at least half of the monthly / yearly card of their employees (of course, this is considered income and taxed as such) [0]. As these cars allow unlimited journeys over the whole network (with two exceptions, one is a local train at Orly airport and the second I can't remember), it could be argued that transit is already fairly cheap for most "cheaper workers". Do they actually pay you money, and you're free to buy or not to buy the ticket? Or do you actually have to buy the ticket and/or get it provided by the employer? In slovenia, the employer has to pay for the cheapest available transport for a worker (basically cheapest public transport or some percentage of a price of a liter of gasoline per km), but that money is given directly to the worker - which means a lot of people get money for a bus/train ticket but use their cars, because it's faster. Someone making six figures still pays a lot more tax, in both net numbers and percentage (=tax brackets) than someone poor(er). If we want to go down your route, 10% of all clothes in ShoppingCentre(TM) is unfair too, because someone buying an Armani suit saves more money than someone buying a $10 5pack of white tshirts. Celibacy imho plays a significant role in this. In other churches, you can get normal people to join, because they can still live relatively normal lives, get married, have kids, etc. With celibacy, you immediatly dismiss all people who wish to live relatively "normal" lives, and get a lot more outcasts into the organization. Add to this a relatively easy access to children, the higher ups giving protection to criminals, and you get where we are now. > For me a lot of the stress came from the hostility and bullying that the kids who did not want to be there inflicted on anyone who dared to show interest in class Are american schools really that shitty? I thought it was a movie trope. Can't you change schools? In slovenia, you first go to elementary/grade school (used to be 1+8, now 9 years) until you're ~15yo, then you apply for high schools, and depending on your grades and other stuff, you get accepted to your chosen school (either "gymansium" - basically 'everything', or some kind of specific/trades school (mechanics, electricians, construction,...)). Usually if you're good in school, you get to a good high school and also have good classmates (atleast on your level)... but even in shitty, no-limit school (eg. 3year construction school), discipline is not really a major issue, and really shitty students either fail or get expelled very soon. > - how did they figure out the theoretical best time in the first place? Depends on the game... With mario, if you know the max acceleration and speed of mario, and the length of the level, you can calculate the theoretical minimum needed to come to the other end, especially if no glitches are allowed. If you have to backtrack a bit, you can calculate the optimal path to pass through. Glitches (eg. passing through walls) make this harder. With games like Zelda, breath of the wild, it's pretty much impossible to calculate exactly, except for taking the current records, finding flaws, errors and/or adding new optimizations, and subtracting the "lost time" from the record.... until a new, better strategy comes out. If anyone can post, you can see all the possible opinions. On sites with moderated content, you see only one sided opinions. > * I had a stronger work/life separation. I rarely turned on my work laptop at home. This is imho the worst part of WFH. Some people come to work at 6:00 and go home at 14:00, some come at 10:00 and leave at 18:00, and some even later. If you're in an office, the latecomer can just check the early birds office, "oh, you're here, can we ..." / "he's not here anymore, this will wait 'till tomorrow". With WFH it's constant emails and work calls, and for a lot of people it's hard to separate work/home, turn the work phone off (especially in small companies, where before the plague, if someone called you in the afternoon, it usually meant something horrible has happened). The second thing i'd miss is all the non-work activities that happen at work, from random chatter, to lunch, practical jokes, etc. Also when dealing with clients, the after-meeting-beer usually solved a lot of problems with a lot of one-on-one chats, and informal talks about rwhat the issues are,... this is hard to do on zoom/teams/..., especially if there is a higher-up present, and the engineers are afraid to honestly say what's bothering them during day-to-day work. Yep, random talks about random stuff, lunch together, practical jokes,... if you're a person who can make friends easily, even at work, you're missing a lot. I work in EU too, but a lot of coders around here start at 10:00+.. especially in smaller companies. One half of 2FA is a password.... saying 1/2 of that is a lost cause is stupid. Passwords are great, because they're in your head and can be changed at will (unlike biometrics), and phishing 2fa from (eg old people) is not any harder than phishing for a password. For my parents, i tell them to just write the password down on a piece of paper. If someone breaks in their house,they have a bigger problem than someone reading their emails, and since they live off givernment pensions, there is not a lot of money that can be stolen via the internet. Yep... in large stores like ikea, i've had huge problems with my connection falling down to 2g speeds, and finding anything online was a huge pain in the ass. First thing to load should be the page layout with text already inside, then images, then everything else... some pages ignore this, load nothing + a huge JS library, then start with random crap, and i get bored and close my browser, before i get the actual text. > What's crazy to me is not that regular users put up with a ton of bullshit - they have to Honestly, the number of people working in tech, not using an adblock (and not even knowing that things like this exist) is making me sad. Who knew printing huge amounts of money and injeting it into the economy would bring inflation... The problem with modern large farmers is the same as with richer tesla owners... you buy a car/tractor with 5y warranty, you service it at a dealer (to keep your warranty), and after 5y, you trade it in for a new one. It's same as with most other devices like that.. even a mercedes... who cares about data/plans/parts/... for a 3yo mercedes? ..it's under warranty, so they'll deal with it. Same with phones... new phone has a warranty, sometimes even insurance The problem becomes real when your tesla/tractor/mercedes/phone is 10yo (phone a bit less) and available for cheap on the second hand market... it's not under warranty anymore, financially it's not worth it to have a dealer fix it, if you can do it yourself, but you're unable to do so, because you don't have the schematics and/or parts available. So, the large industrial farmers don't really care... it's the "little guys" who get fscked by companies like JD/tesla/apple,... Yep, food coupons. It wasn't so bad in yugoslavia, but we still had coupons for stuff like gasoline. We also had odd-even days, where you could only drive your car on odd or even days (depending on your licence plate - so every second day). But the western markets rely on china. Basically, if we "built the wall", they'd still have all the stuff, and we'd have increasingly more worthless numbers in our bank accounts. Relying on one country for most of our production needs is stupid. So why not selectively import the people (workers, professions) the country needs? There are competent engineers "waiting in line" for years, while illegals are allowed to stay... it's basically rewarding the criminals and punishing the honest ones. Or just confiscating them... steel is expensive. Communism is a real-world application of socialism... Socialism itself doesn't work on real people. source: was born in a former socialist/communist country.. both former "socialist" and former country. Yep, mobile phone batteries haven't either (just the battery, without the expensive replacement fee, because manufacturers are too greedy to make user replacable batteries). Yeah, same with mobile phone batteries (just the batteries, not the extra replacement fees for new, non-user-replacable batteries). I'd expect a company like google, who tracks what kind of socks you have on everyday, to also track their own search engine... users mistakingly clicks on pinterest link, user immediatly clicks back, and looks for something else... is it so hard to assume, that they don't want pinterest results, because they're useless, and somehow lower their seo score? Nooo, of course not, just put the pinterest results near the top, until users puts "-pinterest" in the search bar. This is the sentiment I've been seeing online, especially here. 1/3 of the posts here are " in {rust|go|whatevernewlanguagecomesnextweek} released v0.0.1" Perl is a great language, that does it's job for many, many things, especially with CPAN, and it has been doing so for years. You can buy a 20yo book on perl, and 99.99% of the example code from that book still works, and same goes for projects from that era (which cannot be said for python, where developers and distro mainanters seem to enjoy removing usable, mature projects, just because they're written for python2.7 and incompatible with 3+). If I have to write a script once, that I can forget about, and just expect it to run for years, perl will always be my first choice. I see programming language advocacy the same as car advocacy, where someone driving a VW will crap on all other cars, and then buy a Toyota, and again say all other cars are crap, including VW, .. and then back to VW, and Toyota is crap again. And again, languages are also like cars... you usually want a simple enough car, that does the job.... if you go to ikea to buy a pack of curtains, you don't need a huge car, and a motorcyle is a best price/performance selection... if you can drive one. To translate this to languages, if you need to create something, use something that is able to do the job, and that you're actually capable of using to write the code for that job. Need to open a url, get an xml, parse it, and print a number from it to a terminal? Yes, optimized assembly will do it the fastest, perl/python/ruby will do it with the least code, but if you're only familiar with JS, even if it's slow, a a (node)js solution might still be best for you. It works without "my" too :) $ perl $num = 3; print $num; 3 (perl v5.32.1, without "use strict" of course) > If we ever answer the question of ‘how many years of income’, we’ll have no choice but to come to the conclusion that sellers are operating in the realm of cruelty. That one can charge 30 years of your income and frugality for what they are selling. It’s unreasonable to ask for such a thing, so instead we don’t speak about it and hide the disgusting asking price behind financing. This is true, when other regulations prevent people from creating more of the goods. Yes, a seller can sell a box of pasta for $100k... but who will buy it, if you can make your own pasta for cheap, and even sell it to people who want to buy it, but don't want to pay the first sellers house. In my city, the housing prices are fscking high and rising, but we have literal cornfields and cows in places that are technically the middle of the city. We have right governments, who don't do anything about housing, we have left governments, saying they'll rais the rent taxes (so making rents higher) and build government apartment buildings (=too expensive) for people (=their friends), but noone stops to look at the satellite map and say "hmm.. we could build here, and there, and there...". Look at San francico for example... there is a huge need for housing, but most of the houses are single family houses... there's no way to pack so many people there in such houses - you need to build huge apartments buildings, but regulation does not allow that, and housing is expensive. In my country, there are 50% more women in colleges than men, and our colleges still work more to attract more women (with eg. girls-only workshops, etc... we used to call this segregation and/or sexism back in my time). Lets say you have Alice and Bob... they both finished college, both are looking for a job, and they both decide to start their own company - Alice will make plastic spoons, and Bob will make plastic forks. Alice can get 5k eur from our government, because she's a woman. Men also tend to work more (hours and years), and live less (less years of retirement), but in many countries still get lower pensions than women for the same money paid in the pension fund. In my country this has been equalized now (same payments, same amount of money, only for new retirees), but relatively shorter lives are not accounted for anywhere. Safe houses for men? Lets say Alice and Bob meet at a party, get drunk, have sex and a condom pops... we give Alice numerous ways to get rid of the unwanted baby, and Bob just has to hope, she won't want a kid at the moment, so he'll be able to avoid 18-26 years of child support. Paper abortion ideas are laughed at and oposed by "he shouldn't have sex if he doesn't want to take care of the baby"... but the same argument can be used for a normal/real abortion (except in case of rape). Media treats women more preferably then men, pointing out the greater tragedy in case of women deaths, and even in cases of paedophillia use "nicer words" for women - eg "schoolteacher had sex with 13yo boy" instead of calling it statuatory rape. In other countries (eg. usa) there are many more cases of casual sexism against men, even some that are illegal in many other countries, eg. women-only scholarships. Slovenia :) https://www.uni-lj.si/univerza_v_stevilkah_2018/studij/stevi... This is the "nicest" image I could find (our statistics bureau has a shitty page, where you cannot directly link to a graph/table, but only to a full dataset where you have to choose 'filters'). The ratio is 60%-40% (which sounds "nicer" than 150% women, but yeah... 15.072 men, 22.802 women (for university of ljubljana, our largest university). I'm from slovenia, but guess what was on the radio when i was creating my username :) As I have said many times before... I blame the government. I have a small company, dealing with high tech stuff, and yeah... If i got thaxed at the same rate as eg. Amazon is, i'd be totally rich... like really really reach... currently i make about as much as an engineer in a 'better' startup here. We have large companies that don't pay taxes at all, and owe the government millions, and nothing... we hear about them on the news, there are talks... If I don't pay taxes one month, I get a reminder, the next day, they take away their money from my bank account, and if they can't, they leave my accounts closed, so I can't do business. Covid help? Good luck. ... There are many many cases, where hard workers and small business owners (i'm talking about mom-and-pop businesses, not 100+ people) would have a better life, if they were treated the same as facebook/amazon/... are. But the governments let the "big players" get away with murder, and then bother the small businesses, because their automatic hand sanitizer dispenser has a too-small label with sanitizer specifications/contents, even though the label was literally ripped off the hand-pump bottle, which would be ok if it was still on the bottle instead of the automatic one. > And that, IMNSHO as someone who has founded tech businesses here, is entirely fair criticism. The environment created by all those regulations is insanely hostile to tech entrepreneurship, and it's not as if many of those regulations are well considered or effective at protecting vulnerable groups anyway. yup. Many different rules in eu countries, fscked up tax rules for companies trading with foreing customers, high taxes for relatively well paid tech workers, and high cost of entry into the business is killing european businesses. Even starting a business is hard... I hear a lot of people from USA who (eg.) find a old t-shirt printing press in a yard sale, and start their own t-shirt printing business, fill out some forms, sell 7 tshirts in two years, mostly to family, and then stop doing it. Just being able to letally sell a t-shirt in many eu states will cost you thousands and thousands of euros, where it's just not worth it to start. Wanna make an app by yourself and host the backend on a $5 digitalocean VM? Sure... but do it for free. Want to earn something? If you have just a few dollars of income, it's not worth it... you need a lot of users paying you a lot of money to pay the government fees, even if you work for free. But how would anyone find us? If we accept that the max speed in space is lightspeed, then we're basically hidden. Why? Most of our communication relies on radiowaves... even communication to/from space. Now looking at history, we've known and used radiowaves for maybe a 100 years, and considering the current enviromental trends, we might be using it for eg. 500 more, before we die out. Or maybe 10.000. Mathematically it doesn't really matter a lot. Now look at the waves we've been sending out... a if we assume "the world ends" in 500 years, in a million years, there will be a 600 light-year "thin" shell of a 1mio light years sphere travelling away from earth, attenuated by the square law (twice the distance, 1/4 of the power). What are the chances, that the thin shell of radiowaves hits some other culture, on some other world, in their "600 years of power", that are able to detect those waves, and actually come visit us (if we're still alive, which we're probably not). Our world might be everything to us, but in a universal scale, our world compared to the universe is like an atom to our body... utterly insignificant. Honestly, with the amount of ads we see, i really want the shit to hit the fan, and have someone hack the huge ad providers. I'm talking about literally dumping their whole databases, with all the private data, from "John Smith, interested in bibles and butt plugs", "jane doe, cookbooks and 20inch dildos", "bobby bobberson, marriage help books and a gold necklace" (that his wife didn't get)... Only then will some people get aware that having ad providers stockpile all that personal data is bad, and blindly clicking "i accept the terms and conditions" should be something regulated and not just uninformed consent. With speakers it's even simpler.. just hack them to play some heavy metal at 3am, and you're done. It's not just the ads... it's everything. Pages used to be: a header, sidebar, a block of text, and a few pictures. Now, it's a bunch of ads.. usually blocked by an adblock.. and a cookie prompt. Ok/accept all (and delete when you close the browser)... then a "we need donations/subscription"... "conitniue free"... then you slide further, and a popupto subscribe to their newsletter... find the tiny x... and the whole article is ten sentances and 6 stock images. You've received something with a monetary value, so it's (maybe?) counted as revenue. If it's taxed, and you don't actually use it, you'll be paying tax on something that you don't need. I think a tax lawyer would have to answer this, and that it probably depends on the country. In my country, I (even if "I" means a company) can receive a business gift with a maximum value of 42eur, twice per tax year from one company - everything above that is taxed. Let's say i did some work for a local store and charged them 2000eur for my work. To do my work, I had 1000eur of expenses. I pay tax on 1000eur difference. With eg. 20% income tax, I'd have 800eur of profit. (yes, a bit simplified, I know) Then they decide to give me a 200eur coupon for their store and give it to me (to my company), and this is counted towards my income (2200eur now). If i actually need stuff from their store, I use it, so now I earned 2200eur gross, spent a 200eur coupon in their store and 800eur anywhere, I have 1200eur of profits, and even after tax I earn more than I did before - with 20% income tax, I'd have 960eur of profit in cash form. On the other hand, if I don't need their services, and can't sell the coupon to someone else, the situation is different. I still got 2200eur of income (2k+200eur coupon), spent 1000eur in other stores, get taxed on the 1200eur, technically still have 960eur of profit, but 200 of those are in a form of a worthless coupon, and only 760 in cash - so their usless coupon is actually costing me 40eur. OCD is like a fire... you have trash can burning, and you have to treat the problem properly... so, water? Do I have a container to bring it? A glass is too small.. bottle to slow to empty... what about an extinguisher? Dust or CO2? Where are they? Can I use them= Damp towel? Baking soda? If the can burning is in a garage, and you're able to move it to the middle of the asphalt (non-flammable) driveway, you still haven't put out the fire, but you've solved one half of the problem and given yourself a lot more time to think and find something that helps. Driving back home 10 times per day, means that she might lose her job, become homeless and not be able to afford proper care... having a hair dryer in her purse (or wherever), means she can live a pretty much normal life, while slowly working on her problems (eg. start with leaving the hairdryer at the psychs receptionist, and start from there). > Most of these start as phishes to lower level employees. It makes sense to me that’ll happen again and I’m not sure I can say the solution is better backups. Why? Secretary gets a call from a nigerian prince, starts that letter.exe she gets in her e-mail, her computer gets fscked, IT takes her drive, restores a clean image, and she gets back to work. If the only copy of some important document is on his/her pc, or that pc can overwrite/delete the only copy, then they've fscked up by design... and yes, now better backups would help. Mostly just by using better components and beter internal cooling (=thicker design). You can find same chips (=same function) made for consumer electronics, automative, aeronautic and military, all with different temperature and humidity ranges. I'm not sure about mobile phone CPUs/SoCs, but automotive equipment is a lot more resilient to voltage spikes well above the normal 12-14V. Yes, and doctors, scientists and even WHO said last year, that masks are useless for healthy people, and that people who buy and wear them are fearmongering paranoics. ...until one random saturday (in my country atleast), when they made them mandatory (along with gloves) to be able to enter a store, where you could actually buy them, but couldn't, because they were sold out in the first five minutes in the morning. No gentoo, no perl, and no emacs in the $1 pack :/ Well yeah, emacs users are elite :) If you really prefer the vi syntax, there is even an "evil mode" for emacs - https://github.com/emacs-evil/evil Depends... In my country, if you get a positive PCT test, you can go places 10 days after the result and up to 6months after, then a vaccination is required (or a new positive result, or a test). If another country has different limits (14 days after the positive test and up to 5 months after), they need a test date to calculate if you're allowed to enter or not. As someone from a former socialist country, this really reminds me of "papers please", especially the border crossings between countries with similar numbers of infected not letting people cross. In slovenia, clubs/restaurants/etc. are not allowed to check any vaccination/test/recovered data (you still need to be one of those, they can ask if you are, but are not allowed to verify). Only health inspectors can do so, and they do random checks. Honestly, I don't know how this will end, because people are really fed up with this situation and all the lies from the government, and a club full of drunk people vs a few inspectors won't end well. This is what I don't understand either... vaccines work, health systems in most eu countries are pretty empty of covid patients now, anyone who wants a vaccine can get one... but we're still requiring people from countries with 99positive/100k to show vaccination proof to enter a country with 98positive/100k. We have the vacciness, anyone can get one for free, just open up, and let the antivaxxers risk it if they want. What I don't understand is, why do countries require all that for people from countries which have pretty much the same number of infected as they do (per capita)? If chances of a local spreading the disease is the same as for the tourist, because both countries have eg. 95positive/100k people, why bother? What public service does the government forbid me to access without my papers (except the ones where the document is needed to charge the state for the service - eg. medical stuff)? Just a year ago, saying that the governments will require you to produce a "vaccination passport" to enter a restaurant was laughed at as a crazy conspiracy theory, and currently, the difference between a "crazy conspiracy theory" and "reality" is about 6-12 months. No, it is not. You're basically given three options: - get vaccinated - get tested every 48 hours - intentionally infect yourself with covid Compare this to pre covid travel, and yes, it affects us greatly. Since pretty much all the countries have very low covid numbers, any such limitations are stupid. Yep... young people gave up a year of their lives to "save grandmas", and now that grandmas are vaccinated, are still not allowed to go on a vacation or party, even though there's a higher chance of dying in the car driving to/from the party (for healthy individuals from those age groups). > I don't understand. Why does it bother you if someone else is allowed to meet her friends again after being vaccinated and you are not? If they sit alone at home instead, how does it benefit you? The reason why they had to isolate themselves (being at risk of dying and infecting others) is gone. That means there is also no legal legitimation to restrict the people's basic human rights any longer than necessary. Because the young people could meet their friends and go on holidays with minimal risk[0], but they were not allowed to, because they had to "save grandma". Now grandma is "saved" and vaccinated, and they're still not allowed to go, with the risk still being minimal. [0] in slovenia, the have been 600k-1mio (depending on the expert) infections, and total number of 4(!) people died below the age of 35, 88 below 55 (including those 4) - for comparison, average number of deaths in traffic is ~100 per year. So no football games with friends, and no friends abroad? PCR test cost around 100eur in slovenia, and take a day or two. Fast tests (HAT) are free, but the waiting lines are 1-3hours, because of all the groups that have to do mandatroy testings each week. But we're striving for the prepandemic way of life, not some alternate reality postapocaliptic videogame world. And, does this "EU Green Pass" work in UK or russia? Because the "EU" implies EU only and the webpage[0] says that directly [1] [0] https://ec.europa.eu/info/live-work-travel-eu/coronavirus-re... [1] The EU Digital COVID Certificate will facilitate safe free movement of citizens in the EU during the COVID-19 pandemic. But neither of the conditions in the EU pass says you don't have covid now. Vaccinations are not 100% (numbers go down to 70%, and a lot of infections for vaccinated people are asymptomatic, so even worse, because you don't stay at home, and noone tests you), PCR tests don't guarantee you didnt catch it between the test and "now", and having covid 5.5 months ago, does not guarantee you don't have it now. Or just disable optimizations for security-affected calculations, and let GTA V run with all the optimizations enabled. If my washing machine suddenly decided it needed longer time to wash a load of clothes, that would be a change of specifications after the fact, and I'd be able to return it to the store without issues. So... why not with CPUs? PCR tests in slovenia are in a ~100eur range. Time limited is how long? I'm guessing 48 hours? So, even if free, you need to take an hour or two out of your life, every two days to be able to go to the cinema/footbal match/concert? In slovenia, there are cases of people getting intentionally infected with covid, just to get "the papers", and to avoid the AstraZeneca vaccine (with, quoting the leader of our "expert team": "blood clot issues in a few per 100k people" - which is way more than the covid death rate in those age group). Add to this the famous saying, that "there is nothing more permanent than a temporary solution". Yes, they're expensive. Fast tests are free, but waitint times are in the range of 1-3hours (those are ok to visit restaurants, etc.). The government here has been moving the goalposts a lot, because we're in the "green" phase now, where just a few months ago, pretty much everything was allowed, and now they've added the vaccine/recovered/tested requirement (called PCT here) to everything. Also, we've ended the "epidemy status", so no more help for businesses, while still limiting how they can operate (requiring PCT, limiting number of people per square meters or percentage of capacity), and night clubs are only allowed to be open until midnight (making it not worth it to open, but without any help to keep the employees employed). I, as a consumer, don't care... I bring the whole washing machine to the store and get my money back, because they changed the specs after i bought it. Then with that money I can do whatever I want... eg. buy an AMD washing machine... or generally a newer, faster one, becuase some time has gone by. Or go on a vacation. Or drugs and prostitutes. So i have two options: - keep the old "firmware", and risk the machine catching fire - put the new firmware on, and make it wash slower Yeah... I'll choose returning it to the store. But we had just that... we had scientists and doctors telling us just last year (at the beginning of "the plague") that masks are useless for healthy people, and that they even present a higher risk to wearers, because they touch the mask and their face more. And then, one random saturday (in my country atleast), masks became mandatory, along with gloves to enter the stores. Some media outlets have even removed the previous newsstories (not edit and say "whoops, now we know better", but remove completely), and everybody acts as if that didn't happen. Same with trump + wuhan lab theory... at first it was a bannable offence on facebook to promote such idea... and now after trump, there are serious inquiries if that really happened, and we're allowed to discuss this again. Basically, whoever is in charge (government, media platform, moderator,...) will moderate, censor and ban, until the preferable (for them) reality is set. I'm not talking about what happened after.. I'm talking about WHO literally not recommending to wear masks unless you're sick or caring for someone sick. Back then, people who were wearking masks were marked as "stupid conspiracy theorists" and fearmongerers. Then, suddenly the mask mandates came in, and people not wearing the masks were "stupid conspiracy theorists". example still online: https://edition.cnn.com/2020/03/30/world/coronavirus-who-mas... > "There is no specific evidence to suggest that the wearing of masks by the mass population has any potential benefit. In fact, there's some evidence to suggest the opposite in the misuse of wearing a mask properly or fitting it properly," Dr. Mike Ryan, executive director of the WHO health emergencies program, said at a media briefing in Geneva, Switzerland, on Monday. No, they literally said there is no specific evidence to suggest that the wearing of masks by the mass population has any potential benefit. https://edition.cnn.com/2020/03/30/world/coronavirus-who-mas... Yes, there was a shortage, but "no evidence ... any potential benefit" means something different. About facebook: https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2021/may/27/facebook-... > Facebook is keen to ensure that a change in one rule doesn’t lead to a free-for-all for Covid misinformation. On the same day that it lifted the ban on lab-leak theories, it tightened up restrictions on users who “repeatedly share misinformation on Facebook”. Guardian says it they also banned the "lab-leak" theories... (not to mention the second part of the quote). Those are just two examples. Vaccine passports were also a "conspiracy theory". AstraZeneca was also marked as "perfectly safe" (and not "probably safe"), until they started ditching it everywhere. And I'm not complaining about science changing after more data is revealed/processed (that is a normal part of science), I'm complaining about people getting banned one day for saying something, and then that something being accepted as reality the next day, and companies like facebook removing the bannable offence and saying "we will ban more people" in the same sentance. So you're just going to let manufacturers cripple the stuff you bought, because of their mistakes/incompetence, and silently let them? They should give you your money back, or replace the CPU with one that is as fast as your old one before they crippled it - ie. new CPU with eg. higher clock to compensate for the speed loss due to this fix. If you buy a 1000lumen lightbulb, and the manufacturer has to lower the output by 50% because of overheating, they should either give me my money back, or give me a 2000lumen bulb which was crippled to 1000lumen, to get the original brightness i bought the bulb for. This might be contraversial: So, if i read this correctly, there was an eviction moratorium (so they can't evict you if you don't pay). So you have Billy, saying "fsck it, they can't evict me", spending the rent money on other stuff, and letting "future Billy" deal with the rent later... And you have Bobby, being responsible, saving, maybe even literally starving to pay the rent on time. And the "future" comes, Billy gets his rent paid by the taxpayer, and Bobby gets nothing. This may be because I live in a former socialist country, but what I've learned here is, spend (or hide) your money, screw the rules, and the state will "save" you. > First, the vast majority of people who insisted on the lab leak theory did it to deflect blame and target China as a scapegoat. And many trotted out terrible and conspiratorial reasonings for why the accidental lab leak theory was the "truth," many going to the point of it being an intentional leak and that it was designed in the lab by humans. Not to mention using these claims to suck up attention away from other things like actually handling the pandemic. And to pile on politically a China=bad narrative. So by association there's been a severe reluctance to add more ammo to this group's claims. How does not investigating help with those theories? There is a lab in Wuhan, they were working with coronaviruses, the infections seems to have started there, so logically someone points a finger... and the answer is "we won't investigate, because people are pointing fingers!"? yep... plus issues with astrazeneca, where chances of clotting issues and death might be higher than covid deaths for specific groups (young women mostly). Killing two teenage girls to save a 100 grandmas is a hard math to do. If it happened anywhere in the world, then yes.... It happening in a city where there is a lab, working with those types of viruses, makes it a very "interesting coincidence". So, because of a few people, who already believe this has happened, you decide not to investigate (which reaffirms their beliefs), and possibly lie to all of your citizens, because a country might have accidentaly or intentionally killed many many people, and won't get sanctioned in any way because of that? Yes, this is literally the "ministry of truth" and thought policing in action. I mean.. technically is not "blocking your ability to call", but just unlisting them from their phonebook and phone-number-information-service. But in the end, this means that people will start using the alternatives more.... hopefully. QA should be done on a cheapest phone available to buy at the telcos 2 years ago. I've had multiple relatives (ahem, samsung) phones somehow waste data... I'm talking 32gig phone, with 8gb 'system', 20gb "other", and a few apps. I can delete all the apps, app updates (because preinstalled apps are installed twice, once in the system partition and then a new version in the data partition), and 20gb is still missing. I can mount the phone, and find 5mb of random files, zero photos (i removed them earlier), and still, 20gb missing. I have a theory, that samsung updates leave some trash behind somewhere on the system partition and never clean up after themselves, because after a factory reset, and full upgrade, the space is back, even with all the apps and updates. I don't want to root those phones, becase they're not mine, and this brings in more issues (eg. eternal support), and factoy reset seems to be the only way to "fix" them. Depends.... Social networks, bank apps, chat apps, casual games, productivity apps, music/video players,... basically everything except new games still should work, even on shitty phones. IPv6 is great... the only problem is, that IPv4 has be patched enough with workarounds, to make IPv6 unecessary for most "normal users", and there is nothing to sell there. Yes, a simple voice call might use STUN, through two nats, fail to puncture a hole, and then be proxied over a server somewhere, but "it works". Noone is willing to may 1$/€ more per month to get IPv6, noone really needs it, half of IoT doesn't support it (ahem, esp8266/32), it's costly to implement and costly to educate users (especially those, relying on nat for "security"). Most of the IPv6 progress is because the governments mandate it for many stuff, big cloud providers are running out of addresses to buy, vendors want to sell new routers and switches... basically, everybody except the users. 2mm/year sounds like a very small number to me... compared to eg. thermal expansion during day/night and summer/winter cycles, that is practically zero, and even after 40 years of sinking, surely there'd be massive warning signs (eg. growing cracks) before such a collapse. The good thing with perl is, that all the code writen in the 90s still works :) So, throw away literally billions of users worldwide? Outside of USA, apple has a very, very small market share, and cheap (weak) android phones are the norm. For example, Facebook ("lite") and google ("go") already optimize their apps to those markets. Why not eg McDonalds? Yep, 16 new libreelec installs will appear, and thousands of google tvs will be sold in the meantime. I mean.. honestly, if I had to set up some "media device" for a relative, I'd pick google over anything else... usually it just works, it's simple, if something doesn't work, "it's googles fault", if something isn't supported, again, googles fault. ...basically same as with IBM. At home... libreelec. +importing ipvt playlists... +epg, which gets banned by the telco, and then reappears somewhere else. +subtitle services. +this and that plugin. It's not a conspiracy, if they're really out to get you. We're back at the platform vs. publisher debate... I think this should be a either-or thing, that every webpage chooses. Then, you're either a platform, and can only remove directly illegal stuff (or when told by the courts to do so), or a publisher, decide what content you publish and what you remove, and then carry the full responsibility for that content. The current situation, where pages like youtube can act as publishers, and cherry pick what they keep/promote and what they remove, and still keep all the platform protections is really bad, mostly for the users. What's the difference between nsfw.youtube.com and pornhub? And youtube already hosts a lot of 18+ content, where you have to be signed in to see. But youtube already hosts a lot of 18+ material (not porn, but still requires you to be signed in and verify your age). Same with eg. reddit. So you want your kids to be able to watch youtube without supervision, and you want youtube to be responsible for the contents, and you're not bothered by dangerous DIY videos, "viral pranks", very violent movie trailers, etc., but you're afraid they'll see, how they were created? Kids should not watch youtube unsupervised, never. I know Elsagate is a conspiracy theory, but those videos are fscking inappropriate, and come as recommended content for kids, and youtube allows that already.... Do countries really require ID to get a phone number? I can buy a prepaid sim card in our Hofer (=Aldi) for 2eur, no verification, no nothing,... they even have the same barcode on, so even Aldi does not know which is mine, and I can pay in cash. I can buy a refill there with cash too, but just to receive an sms, I don't need one, because receiving messages is free. > The norm in this type of countries is to keep USD, EUR and property. Bitcoin is the way to get rich, at least the mental model is based on that. Property is hard to buy and sell (takes time), and there were a lot of new printed dollars and euros recently. Is it really that specific? We have many " " here, and basiclly every grandma in that town/village, has a slighty different recipe, with a slightly different "secret ingredient" or even with major changes (think chilli vs texas chilli) Our local "CDC"-equivalent has posted a warning (mostly to media) to avoid reporting about suicides during "the plague"... so yeah... For young people, the school closings, dorm closings, curfews, movement restrictions and other "only for 14 days" decrees will cause greater psychological harm (and number of dead in that age group), than just letting them all get the virus. Older people have a higher chance of dying due to corona, so the number might be different, and their social circles are usually a lot smaller, but suicide numbers are going up there too. Neither buying or selling can be done overnight, but usually takes at minumum weeks, probably months to do fully. Bitcoins take seconds. Cut corners and charge more... I've been to a restaurant where they raised the prices of drinks to accomodate for using biodegradable plastic cups (sit-in restaurant!)... this is not enviromentalism, this is charging 20c for a 5c cup, instead of using glasses like a normal restaurant. Also, the reusable cotton bags are just an excuse to charge more, because you'd have to reuse a cotton bag 7100 times, to make it as friendly as using plastic bags ( https://theconversation.com/heres-how-many-times-you-actuall... ). ...of course, paper is rarely an option. > audit when content is changed via takedown requests Not just that, but even due to politics, someone wanting their history "changed", or even worse reasons. There were multiple reddit arguments recently, when someone posts a newsstory about something, discussion starts, two hours later the story is changed (without any footnote or old version available), and arguments start, because "there is noting in the article that says ", and no way for the original poster to prove, that it was, because noone even thought they'd need a screenshot. What I hate about youtube the most is their deleting of videos AND metadata... I make a "watch later" playlist, with stuff that i must watch, two weeks go by, and there is a "[Deleted video]" in my playlist... not even a title left behind (so i'll be able to find it elsewhere). This works for major sites like BBC. For minor, local news sites, it doesn't because they don't get archived at all (atleast not fully and in time). news sites should really be mandated to keep previous versions of their newsstories with all the edits, especially the ones paid by taxes. The problem is, that previously, if you wrote a book about a poster, you put the photo of the poster directly in your book, and the reader could see the poster there. Now you write an article about a poster, and instead of a photo, there is an embedded instagram photo from the artist, who then removed their account, and the content is missing. Or a hotlink to the authors website, and it's missing there too. Yes, if the book was destroyed too, all info about the poster was lost, but atleast the book didn't say "go to the corner of X and Y street, and hope it wasn't removed or destroyed by the weather". Yep.. naming and shaming the carried should be the first thing in the article. They'll probably disable this feature, apologize, and act as if they did nothing wrong.