What are you trying to accomplish with this? :) Books give him a temporal high? WTF? Yes, stuff like this! Heh... but I really liked _feeling_ on par with whatever people are using/feeling inside BigCo. Do you agree with the answer to #2? He goes on to say that some former JPL employee named Ron attributed his high productivity to Lisp but, when he joined Google he found out C++ programmers there that were more productive that he in Lisp. Then he realized it was the programmers that mattered, not the programming language. Now, isn't this a bit stretched? I'd believe if it was Python against Lisp, of course... I don't like it. They should just try to mimic OSX... I disliked the Dark theme for ubuntu 9. Guys, shouldn't we be talking about 11th position? Lisp! Remember? So, they can't live from its profit yet. :( OH COOL! Congratulations! When I was deciding for Django, this... So, how do I build the next Google? Sure, but I'm not a designer. Someone isn't ugly just because they have a big nose, for example. I can't explain exactly why it is ugly. But it is in the fonts, the anti-aliasing, the theme that tries to be new but only changes some colors, the terminal tab bar too big... Should I learn SQL alone first? Misread as XeXeca Who would say.. C++ is the language du jour again! Meta-comment: this Safari site advertises it has over _9000_ books and videos! How is that going to attract people? It's more about the concepts, IMHO. Google has implemented MapReduce in C++. Which is probably why they're dominating the world while I'm playing with another language I'll never get to write anything in... Youtube: "Quants: The Alchemists of Wall Street." What can give me IDE-like popup completion for the current file using a live python interpreter beyond the scenes? Why isn't there SLIME for Python? There are also slides packed with the source download on Sourceforge (/doc). Hm, blog has two entries, both are on HN at this moment... is it considered ok to ask for friends to post links to your blog? Just askin... Shouldn't a team like this start their own business instead of thinking of being hired? Imagine if the skeptic had a heart attack at that very time... YES! Why Rails sites always look better than Django ones? Curious... why do you think themes are a bad design choice for Chrome? What about it? I do 67^2 as 60 60 + 7 60 + 7 60 + 7 7 ... What is NurteShock? The "Themes by Google" ones are a little better. Nah, I'll just see them on Youtube. Neko -> Haxe -> Cool flash stuff Related: http://ncannasse.fr/blog/physaxe [edit: oops, I think Haxe doesn't need Neko if you're targetting Flash] Totally different? IIRC, Neko is based on Ocaml, which is on the other side of the spectrum from dynamic languages like Lua... So... what do you mean? the sad thing is that that product will only work for english :) on one way, recognizing (and translating the subtitles to english) other languages would be more important because most people already know english... there's "english sound" -> text.. what i meant is that perhaps "chinese sound" -> text or something would be more useful fost most people around here What about environment? Does it take pictures? before getting to know them.. but then you should. Joel was a fun read back then. Respect. aka "bunnie", the guy who become famous for hacking Xbox, IIRC. ...with Lars Bak. Python is fine for Norvig. Just got over 9000 with a snippet in Perl, using regular expressions. Does the codebase matters more than the ideabase? Surprisingly, this allows sending SMS to all operators in Brazil, and just tested on mine. I wonder, how they did it? Did they have to contact each operator and make a deal, or I'm missing something? Self-answering: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=449670 I wish there was some service that would allow me to send SMS for free, and they could add a 30-char ad along... A VPS could be easily shared if you have couple friends interested... Hate the dark theme. Feels like a skinned desktop from the nineties. Changed to a light theme which looks ok but like the same I used in the last 10 years... When will I install an Ubuntu that doesn't make me feel so "Oh this is still Linux"... Also, why isn't VLC the default video player yet? Hm, it was quite easy to install more window borders. If only I could get fonts to look like Windows... Nice design. How long does it take an expert designer to make a site like this? I'm wondering if can/should a programmer learn to do this? Because I intend to create a startup and would like to save money there... 1. Perhaps something similar could be done with people travelling on airports? (Ok, it's very dangerous to just carry random stuff, but perhaps would work for books or things like that) I'd ship many empty boxes at the beginning, to test how many of those arrive the destination. I suppose the payment is done after the package arrives... My stocks going up. Less people thinking the dark ubuntu theme is nice. Nice, not as verbose as I thought Scala code was... "Shouldn't we all be using the same CSS?" Video: http://propella.blogspot.com/2009/12/wooden-half-adder-video... Funny dude! Thanks. I felt this should exist somewhere already. Here, some systems say you have an "waiting time: 10 minutes" every 10 minutes. But what can I do with this, startup-wise? :) (It's a problem to myself also) Can't you just turn it into a crime not to deliver? I kept adjusting the contrast of my monitor until I reailized the logo was changed. I always envied smokers because of that. Go for a smoke: cool. Go think about something: nerd. Picture yourself saying "I need to think" to the hot gal. Fail. "Very strong possiblity" ? Where is the data? You might be the person to tell me. I always felt people can't stop because they associate smoking with bad feelings. You give a smoker bad news and he lits one, every time. Now you associated it with something good: engaging with the boss. And so you could easily stop. Would you agree with that? The coolest guy in the world, Obama, smokes... (BTW, can he smoke on the White House? Is it considered his house or a public property?) js.el is a new major mode for JavaScript files. I think js2.el (Steve Yegge) was combined with javascript.el to make a new mode. Might be interesting... This guy is smart. Also worth viewing to see the VP getting demoralized. Do you happen to work for UN? No, serioulsy. It's bad enough if smoking increases your chances of having a lung cancer by 10% or something, but I can't believe 95% percent of the smokers will have a painful death. So, no need to makes bad things worse than they are. Go to bed now, Paul. No, you won't. Hacker dude. Give them flowers, folks. And tell her how much you love her. It's hard sometimes for us to express how we really feel... I love you too, ma. Useless for real work? I never saw negative comments from js2 users... I remember it was similar to nXML in having its own parser... do you think nXML is badly engineered or useless too ? I wrote a mode inspired by your Stylish for Lua one day. I wish there were more editors that would let you do that kind of thing... Not a good time to sell Lisp. Too many interesting languages succeeding out there.. (not the author) Inside C++, there is a much smaller and cleaner language struggling to get out. - Bjarne Stroustrup Clay is an attempt at creating that language. Link: http://tachyon.in/clay/ That's what I meant.. Please expand? It's always nice to put a face on a name... I suppose the same effect would happen in a organization, perhaps even more because the ones reviewing have power over you... I don't understand, why is this program valuable to be open-source? What does it do? I'd love to do rock climbing, but I'm overweight (100 kg) so it's not for me... I lolled. Sincerely I think the original cane was a more breakthrough idea. What if HFT systems exploit the fact that they have access to the information a few ms before the rest of the market? Which of those are we seeing on this live stream? http://code.google.com/intl/pt-BR/events/io/2010/session-sch... Also, what's the GMT of the schedule? And if you are here reading this after telling yourself you really would code your ass off today, you already lost. Err, my short stops are from BC2... That's great for node.js! My node is back, but linode.com still down for me. Also, http://twitter.com/linode . Is this official? The site is looking better than news.yc :) Aren't comments included in the maganize? One would think that comments would become something like "Readers opinion"... Make you own Kno. You will need: - 2 x Apple iPad - 1 x Hinge IMHO, there is good and bad advice there. I always liked how people seem to miss the "live slight below your means" insight. tl;dr Java or C++ Ai ai ai.. bring lisp back. I asked what this project was probably written in... What would be advantage of doing that? The slide that shows a performance comparison between Nginx, Node, Thin and Tornado says those were tested on Linux. Then he points to the Mac and complements "actually this laptop". So, do people consider MacOS equivalent to Linux for testing purposes? But earplugs amplify internal sounds, like touching my head and breathing... Visually, perhaps you can take something from this example which mimics Google wave layout using the ukijs javascript framework. http://ukijs.org/examples/core-examples/wave/ Suggestion: send email/tweet to @names in the board w/ OCR... Shouldn't this be better executed with JS on this iPad days? Most people are like that, in varying degree. The internets have certainly made it easier for us to stop doing stuff for more attractive stuff. If I was in jail with only one book, I bet one could really read it and grok it. Something similar is happening to me right now: a website I was developing has moved beyond the "cool" phase to the "now I need hard work" phase and I already started playing with another website... If you remove fundamentalists from both sides, won't there be new fundamentalists: the first and last elements of the spectrum? And I get wrist pain from doing C-x b a hundred times per day! Whould it be heavily taxed like cigarettes? +1. I'm trying to use Eclipse right now. I love the Emacs way - but this uber productivy is exactly what f*cks up my hands. If staying awake is an effort for them, then yes, they generally are going to be more intelligent because they are dedicating more than the rest of the population, on average. Minister Rastaman. Is answering or seeing this thread right now in your planned schedule? What would you buy today, a Macbook Pro 13" or 15" ? I ask because the processor is very different (Core 2 Duo vs I5/7)... Also, can a 13" drive an 30" cinema display? usesthat.com! lets do it One factor I forgot when buying a PC: noise! The fans are horrible... 2kg? Positively or negatively? My sister bought this dell ( http://www1.la.dell.com/content/products/productdetails.aspx... ) and its 1.6kg. Everyone loves the weight. My experience: the glasses make the movie darker, feel bad in front of my glasses and I try to focus on 3D objects desperately. I end up enjoying the film less. We should be producing more of this kind of bloggers, just in case he doesn't come back the next time. I can't even get real time (meaning not delayed by 15 minutes) stock quotes for my startup here in Brazil. More chance he'll read if you comment this on his blog. You also thought it was like Prince of Persia? I visualized something like: http://bit.ly/dzScOQ I used to think that mousing was a waste of time, but now that I used Eclipse (instead of Emacs) a little bit, I start to realize that a little bit of mousing lets me work a lot longer without pain that I'd get from doing everything with the keyboard. Trying all the combinations 10000 shouldn't take all that long. Is there anything better? Do you allocate some fixed time or number of pages as a goal to read every day ? When I start programming it takes up all available time.. That gal is a fantastic hacker. I wish I knew more about circuits when I ser her site. How well does this apply in practice? "You're going to receive some friends in your house while you're away." Just enough to live the rest of your life from it. Would it work with such a small screen? The next step is to reorganize the ads on the page dynamically so you can't avoid them! I open Colloquy to get help or to see what the cool guys are talking about. Is the culture that could produce those precious things long gone? I was thinking about building something like Instapaper, only you would be able to add notes about pages you read and share with people... Could work, but I'm sure almost no one will take the time to name a group, so you want to do that automatically (which you can do by finding out what those pages have in common) He died poor after having spent more than 300k in expensive Polaroid films. I have a VPS, but I'm wondering what happens when you just pay to "host your site" in some defined infra-structure (Python+MySQL for example) ? Oops, made the joke before actually seeing the site. After reading it I understand the downvotes... If only someone was producing OSes with the look quality of Apple software too! Unfortunately http://www.khanacademy.org/ doesn't touch computer science, but I love to watch to review math and physics. Vim modal keys will always be more effective (and less painfull) to just edit raw text. Emacs will always be more extensive because elisp, with all its problems, does great there. I also prefer how Emacs handle multiple buffers too (even with Vim's project plugins). That said, I'm trying to use Textmate now. I think Emacs is what fucked up my left wrist. Yep, got those installed. I wish the project drawer would have the same color settings that the main window. Also, folding is very nice on Textmate. The other games are good references. IMHO you could try doing something for the "hacker" public, to contrast with something like Linkedln, where (I guess) people take it very seriously. Suggestion accepted. Now I only I could play a random sound... When they got the right interfaces, integration and extensions they will re-release it as another tool (It will be another tool then). No, because people just care if they are going to make money with the deal. I have a strong negative reaction every time I view the InfoQ site. I can't say exactly what is the problem thought... perhaps they should have somewhat bigger margins to separate content from menus and ads? Then WebGL comes along and the community splits between bare-bones vs OpenGL...again! Same here. For displaying plain text strings any of those is good, but how can I do authentication/sessions? Only 20k/mo searches for "online trading" ? But Vim is IMO ugly. Even Emacs looks so much better.. Vim is so.. character based. I always wondered: where is the list of things we (humans) forgotten/unlearned? Look at you. Now look at him ( http://infosecurity.us/images/Dean_Kamen_IBot.jpg ). Now back to you. Now him again. Sadly, you aren't him. I keep thinking Instapaper and this service could do more with this valuable "items to read" data. This information has infinite value: they know what I'm going to be like (read) in the next few days (future). Of course it makes the implementation more complicated, but it could also make the site invaluable. At least, show reviews from other people who read the same links, track "hot" and top rated links (because people just put too much stuff in their reading list and have to filter it anyway, they might as well help each other sorting what is more important). More complicated things would be: automatically separating links in clusters (categories), telling me some link is no longer valid (some info only has value when new), detecting friends as "people who read (or like) the same stuff, etc. Right now those sites have little more value than a txt file (or Org-mode), and that makes me frown. I was thinking about the metal ones, and a comment in the site said "And yes it is generally thought that the bronze originals were painted too." Why are so quickly defending this guy? What's so special about him? I wonder if he gets into editor wars online. Heh. The LudumDare developer that impressed many folks the other day was using Eclipse! I imagine this is related with WebGL support, right? Could not deliver my simple multiplayer game.. Will try to finish in the week... Viper is too mainstream for me: http://jjfoerch.com/modal-mode/ Refactor: remove God references, rename entity-that-created-law-of-Physics to God. Learn with Node and do a ClojureKnockout? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shorthand Over 9000. If both accounts are from Gmail its even cheaper... From the article: “Combat espresso,” on the other hand, is brutal. The creamer, instant coffee and sugar are poured directly into one’s mouth and then washed down with water. How are those ingredients organized inside the main plastic bag? Thanks for all the info. Also, they seem to include the heater these days: http://www.mreinfo.com/civilian/mre/civilian-mre-comparison.... Is smoking still popular in the field? OTOH, with this feature sometimes you are going to change what you're searching before finishing it, because you can already see you're going the wrong way. Also, it has tab-complete. If only I could install an alternative syntax... edw519 arriving in 5..4..3..2..1 Any guy that dances like that is very high or very gay (happy). Yes, a Lisp. I want to write Lisp for Factor. dup swap only gets you so far. Slava's posts are very enlightening, how he decomposes problems into a million words. But in practice, it just takes me too much time to solve problems (that don't involve just calling a library). [edit] Even though you could say I could write code using locals and stuff, but that doesn't feel natural. Or I'm just used to prefix, or prefix is better for some reason. (+ 10 (* 20 30)) looks better to me than 20 30 * 10 +, even though, as Factor folks will tell you, concatenative languages are the ones with the "direct" syntax: Lisp is the one inverted. [edit 2] Another annoying thing: programming in Factor forces you to make a name for code you wouldn't normally name. Again, folks will say that that actually makes your program better, more testable, etc. In practice: harder. How, or in which level would a Lisp be integrated with Factor? Generate Factor code, generate Factor-VM bytecode? Do you feel that is possible? All-rounder! Respect if you do it because you're harmful to society, childish if its because society is harmful to you. For that, what are the advantages of a cave, comparing to a silent library? Also, toilets instead of holes and toilet paper instead of leaves. You just recalled me of a documentary that showed chinese (IIRC) folks sleeping in LAN houses because it was the cheapest thing for them. A nice idea I must say. Tell @DmitryBaranovsk! Then just thumbs up the other comment ;) Request: make an ode to Inception movie using it! So you can't type sdf in your code? People often respect the worst because it makes them feel good. I was really expecting to see a link to his git repo in the end. You can agree or disagree with his ideologies - but you can't agree or disagree with putting innocents in jail, killing people, ... I never thought about evolution and creationism as mutually exclusive. How does one guarantee that a site provides objective candidate information? First line says "Abortion issues: Pro-choice" Now, putting it like that already causes a bias in the reader, the opposite bias that "Pro-life: YES,NO" would cause, of course. My point being: is very prepotent to say your site provides objective information. And you're probably pro-choice, right? After the first pomodoro, the other pomodoros are easier. For me the difficult is to start! I want to say "Thanks for making it affordable and easy to people from all parts of the world and all levels of income to have a personal computer." Sometimes I write a comment, but writing makes you think more clearly about the subject, and so I realize it is not very insightful. Then I discard it and feel very proud for saving everyone's time. There are many cool things one could do with this, but I'm afraid the most popular one is going to be homemade porn. This is sweet: "Twitter.com is now a client of our own API. It fetches data from the same endpoints that the mobile site, our apps for iPhone, iPad, Android, and every third-party application use." Surprised to see it wasn't written in Scala, since Scala shows up before in their list of supported languages and Scala code example also comes first. Prediction: part 2 is vim and part 3 is about his pimped up bash prompt that shows the current Git branch. Or something like that. Agreed, but is it painful. (And yes, I swapped Control with Caps on day one) Nice panel, just hoping this is recorded. In Python. Would you choose a different language now that you know better? After reading it is written in Java, I remembered Yegge's Wyvern and how he wished he had written it in Python or something. I wonder how many lines of code this is... The about page says: Once sales start dying and a minimum time has passed, I will release the game source code as some kind of open source. I'm not very happy with the draconian nature of (L)GPL, nor do I believe the other licenses have much merit other than to boost the egos of the original authors, so I might just possibly release it all as public domain. Well, then just remove the lights and go back to cars responding to cars. I clicked "Try now", it didn't asked for my email. YES! What about putting the front page as the initial content of the journal, and skipping the "Try now" part? So, whats the easiest, tested way for a Django programmer, outsider to the Java world to write a site running on the JVM? There were car accidents where people trusted their GPS/navigation systems too much, so I don't see how trusting your GPS even more would help. I'd love to understand this ideas better. Can you explain each of those components of your system? What is a "content based router"? The "security API"? The Mythbusters guys did do that... http://dsc.discovery.com/videos/mythbusters-polishing-a-turd... Your ideas since this ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=898947 ) have been an eye opener to me. Definitely this just seems to make most parts easier and more testable and more distributed. I'm thinking how the several parts web frameworks implement would work in the "Client/server 2.0" model. One of the parts I can't quite figure, probably because frameworks like Django hide it completely, is how would we implement sessions. I'm thinking about the user closing a page, then reopening and wanting to see their cart there, for example. I'd love you if gave me more links to read to understand how I could implement this. I'm starting to write code for my startup and this model seems a perfect fit. In this ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1628991 ) comment you give an example of a cart, and how it shouldn't be bounced between client and server all the time, but be carried with the client which sends it in the end, when its done. I'm trying to understand: how can you keep a Javascript object (the Cart array, lets say) between pages? Interesting. I was thinking about using something like a hidden frame. Some StackOverflow posts mention storing data in "window.name". But we need something secure to store the user auth token... I did send an email yesterday, the title is "Your approach to web development. I realize now that the title might look like SPAM :) Anyway those questions were answered, I'll send you another one. How much would they pay a guy that makes 200k a day? Apparently we carry rocks on our heads for a living? And Ocaml is faster than Ruby! I was pointing out that the comparison between Scala and Clojure is between a static language and a dynamic one, the static one will almost always perform better. On the end of the video, the guy is using an iMac right beside a huge window. No way this would work. How would the past judge us? An extra level of indirection? Reminded me of the quote: "All problems in computer science can be solved by another level of indirection" If I'm not around, I won't be bothered. My friends quit, so its 100% to me now. Still in Emacs, waiting for something better to show up. OTOH, people in 3rd world countries that have fast internet access and get to know your startup aren't probably the ones interested in teaching spanish to americans. I know I won't. At least, probably should center the video and push the features list down. The big white space in the noble area feels wrong. What? It is impressive how Google just goes to new areas with success all the time. Why would their technology just lower the death rate instead of eliminating it almost completely? Why the downvote, its an honest question. When all cars are automated, the accidents left should me near zero... Talking about my country: Brazil. Most people that know english well probably have fast internet, but no way its everywhere. Lan houses are pretty common here, and many lower income people still use those as they only access to computers and internet. No. Reminded me of http://steve-yegge.blogspot.com/2008/06/done-and-gets-things... : "It's modeled on the early successes I've witnessed at Geoworks, Amazon, and Google, all of whom had one thing in common: they hired brilliant seed engineers." Dunno, some folks in the comments also mention Jeff Dean. One of the authors of the MapReduce and BigTable papers would be my guess: Jeff Dean. But that won't give you 37k for a day! For me the three OSes feel like this: - Windows: snappy until it fucks up, best fonts, Flash runs perfectly, you feel mainstream, pragmatic - Linux: great support for developing, ugly fonts and lousy hardware support, you feel a hacker - MacOS: Youtube makes the MBP hot, never need to boot again, just close/open the lid, good looking apps, you feel modern and cool Would be nice to have a complete minimal web app using Backbone to get the feeling of what you can do with this. So if we were designing the Twitter front page with Backbone, we would have models like TrendingTopics, WhatYouDoing, NewMsgs and some more. They would be updating against the server using JSON, and calling some render code so they redraw themselves when there is new data. If we didn't have Backbone, we would probably call a main JSON sync function repeatedly, and iterate on this new data updating the different parts of the page "manually". Is that it? Thanks, and yep I meant newtwitter. (How long until we can call it twitter? :) Looking for underscore and found this interesting testing page: http://documentcloud.github.com/underscore/test/test.html In the live transmission I only saw flags from Chile and from the miners soccer teams, which is kinda acceptable. Can you please expand on this? I don't get it: do you think something like newtwitter is badly designed because it uses faux-routes? If you don't have faux-routes then how can you easily insert links which will "go to page X" ? Funny, I heard somewhere that an american operator was responsible for the successful drill and thought it was kinda silly that no one mentioned in the live coverage (Brazil) Pic related: http://kibeloco.com.br/platb/files/104/2010/10/Mario-Chile.j... I thought the same, and he looked genuinely happy, of course... but what is the limit where we would say he was taking advantage of the situation? Can you say what would be a complex extension to you? vc.el, erc, ediff, slime are doing well with elisp... In some way also, the most complex the extension, the more reasons you have to use a higher level language, no? The RTs I see are often very insightful and tell me which people I should be following. Also, RT are probably more insightful on average because at least two people found it worth saying. Now what has been bothering me are unfunny "OH"s, which don't even mention an author... Emacs is state all around - that can't be easy or elegant to replace with a purely functional language - or not ? Which language does Toyota Hilux drivers program in? very position ^- insert word here Anyone else likes to see which books people have when the bookshelf is not the subject? I'd pay just to see it booting. Some university should take this... With all that you're better off using a desktop computer. Isn't there a laptop with better/more fans? Is the circuit available? [edit] Oh, "they". I read "we" :) So, can you teach us something about the design process? I too found it very pleasing. This was very helpful, thanks a lot! Did you mean something like this for bikes? http://snapsort.com/ I thought folks here would criticize him from taking the place from someone who would have time to use his knowledge. So why didn't this happen? Do you guys think knowledge has intrinsic value by itself? Huh? His "dumb terminal" is a Mac laptop that will run on a single machine most less-than-Google-sized tasks... And I can't even find a good wireless mouse. This reminded me of Andy Wingo ( http://wingolog.org ), a Guile hacker who works with/for Underkoffler (Oblong). What about emulators? Care to explain why your level decreases without practice? Black coffee w/ as little sugar as I can tolerate in the particular moment of the day. I'm really enjoying Quora, I don't what they did to promote this, but the participants are many times the subject of the questions or insiders in companies, etc. How did this not become another Yahoo! Answers? Also, why Ruby project pages mostly look beautiful or at least like someone tried to make it look pleasant, and every Java project (except Octobot) has absolutely no CSS? Off-topic: IMHO, this page has a unique and beautiful design (reminds academic papers) Because Google is almost real time. Nice, but clarify me on something: if I give you an eps of the logo, what else do you have to do to transform it into a decal ? Are they also SuperHot ? These days, do you guys feel like Google and Facebook are equally cool places to work on innovative and world-changing projects with other smart folks? Has Linus ever mentioned Github? I'm just trying to find out if it coffee makes me more anxious, but right now I'm just sleepier. Yeah, I'm drinking some tea, I know that has caffeine too, but tea doesn't make me feel like "Ohhh I need some more of this!" like coffee. Do you mean the 5 free ones? That's great to hear! I'll continue the experience then. Its using sqlite, which folks say its more for desktop use. I wonder if this would scale. Anyone else avoided these post thinking it was about Torrent or something? I never seen a family destroyed by tobacco, but I've seen families destroyed by cocaine. I don't understand how someone could put those two together. OTOH you have to keep in mind these movements are organized by a few people, and not the entire society suddenly rising against the evils of passive smoking. The majority of ugly people aren't conscious about it, which makes things difficult for a site like this to succeed. Might be naive but... is this going to be your main computer? "Members of the group, joined by two other experts, scored each drug for harms including mental and physical damage, addiction, crime and costs to the economy and communities." In my opinion with this dataset you can only have conclusions about the experts opinion/experiences. If you're measuring harm to the communities, shouldn't you be taking polls at the communities? I'm questioning the fact that these experts (doctors? sociologists?) just scored which drugs they found more dangerous. For starters, effects in the individual and in the community belongs to two completely different areas of expertise. I'd love to see someone using that, for now it feels like it feels slow and doesn't exploit two fingers. How so? In the sense that the smoker is all messed up in the hospital bringing pain to his relatives, sure. But I don't think people sell their mom's furniture to buy marlboro, and haven't seen moms chaining their kids to their beds to stop them from going out smoking. Also, do they get hot ? It's kind of funny how almost no one is advised to write code in Java these days, and on the other hand really cool infrastructure projects like this or Cassandra are almost always written in Java. I understand they have to perform better than the average webapp, but still...funny. If you want to compile on a Mac and you use Homebrew: brew install binutils cd /usr/bin/local; ln -s gobjdump objdump brew install icu4c brew link icu4c ./configure make I was actually thinking of Ruby/Python folks, perhaps there is a group that will skip Java/C/C++ entirely. Against C there is always the "Java makes it more difficult for you to mess things up" argument... Same thing here. Stopped running, restarted 3 days ago, feeling better already. Although I do think that doing something like painting a house or doing gardening for a couple hours would also do the trick. Seen this? http://www.shovelglove.com/ Just exercise in the end of the day, and then you can sleep if you feel like. If only they would solve the CPU hog problem... I open one Skype video chat and the MBP gets hot, fans start to work at full speed, etc. That doesn't happen on my Windows laptops. Its just the Mac Flash implementation, no? Many tabs with Flash content don't make Windows slow IIRC. Its just the Mac Flash implementation, no? Many tabs with Flash content don't make Windows slow IIRC. I removed the routing layer (Compojure) and my code is now clearer and shorter, by resolving URIs directly to functions. At least for developing this is great. Lets see where this will take me. Note: I didn't use a more descriptive title because it would be a spoiler. I'm not the author... An older MBP which gets way too hot and has way too sharp edges to make me satisfied. Do you really need the smaller display? Yeah, I should... BTW, do you guys feel like its OK to an eBay seller to omit details like this (that would probably prevent the sale/lower the value) ? The seller probably knew about this but never mentioned it, made it seem like a perfect machine. I traded the MBP for an 20" iMac. Yep. Brazil just had a record abstention in the last election (21.5%) and voting here is mandatory, probably because the voting day overlapped with a extended holiday. Might as well let only the interested ones vote, no? When I try to do something like that the second display just demands attention and I end up less productive than using something like Spaces. Also, a second monitor makes my eyes tired faster, even when I'm not looking at it (just the brightness bugging me). Last used in 89 for shooting "I Shrunk the Kids Honey". Does the critic that you made to Sammy applies to Backbone? :) Link: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1788631 If everyone is recognized, does it still keep its value? If only the crowds could also be an hologram. Added link to the comment about Sammy. Basicly it said you shouldn't organize the whole app around faux-routes. Didn't understand the downvotes. Do you use the free time for HN/mail or you really leave the computer to change your mind to that other working mode you mentioned the other day? "The problem with Lisp is that it is acceptable to metaprogram until the only person who understands what you've created is you and The Flying Spaghetti monster." Yeah, I guess this is sad but true. But as an alternative should I stop using macros and write lots of repetitive code? I was writing functions like this (Clojure): (defn set-password [{"login" login "password" password}] ...) Ok, Clojure de-structuring syntax already makes things pretty terse: the function receives and de-structures a map. But for functions with many args it was looking repetitive, so I wrote defn* which lets me write the same as: (defn* set-password [login password] ...) So, do you think this is a fair use of macros? It has the disadvantage of hiding the fact that the function actually receives a map, of course (but I'm a solo programmer here, trying to save keystrokes). "I do most of my programming in NetBeans, although I use vi a fair amount." Is this like a joke? The guy wrote one of the first Emacses... I am disappoint. Ok, but what is he using now? A more (easily) extensible, more flexible editor? Or are the principles which have driven the design of Emacs not valid anymore? A C core with Lisp for the non-performance critical parts. That is modern, agile design right there. I can't play now, but your site looks great. I wouldn't hide the "Go hunting" button when an user clicks the arrow, though (the change page thing). Do you pay for shipping worldwide? If you don't, it would be nice to make a footnote, otherwise there will be complaints. Well, but can it? Some places are still unreachable by pat downs, and people have always hidden stuff there to get it into jails, etc. So what is the point of pat downs? Is Y Combinator a full-time job? How long did Paul stayed on Facebook, a couple months? This is odd no? Thanks, but I find this a much better place to discuss than in blog comments :) No wiki page for Bitcoin, perhaps now they get one? "Why Not {MD5, SHA1, SHA256, SHA512, SHA-3, etc}? These are all general purpose hash functions, designed to calculate a digest of huge amounts of data in as short a time as possible." See the rest here: http://codahale.com/how-to-safely-store-a-password/ Is he volunteering to go on this mission? Just shift+a it I still see them... footer and header of the first page. I wrote my web app DB access in pure SQL and I'm thinking if its worth a rewrite with something like this. Initially I thought I could "abstract" SQL with a few functions of mine, but that was very short-sighted thinking. I was thinking of (one day) creating a "Let's build a" series in the following order: 1) Students learn about assembly, opcodes, etc. They write programs for an imaginary machine and only run them on paper for now. 2) Students write their own CPU emulator (in C) that can run and test the simple programs from 1. 3) Students write a compiler to a simple HLL which allows them to write more complex programs, and test against the emulator. 4) Students build the processor which was being emulated in HDL, and download it to FPGAs, testing outputs of the programs generated by their compiler against the emulator. I think most schools already do something like this, but mine missed the compiler part. I can host the site for a long time with a couple thousand bucks. Not a great example of content, but the search here is really fast, I'd love something like this for clojure core + contrib: http://ukijs.org/docs/ (str "There is" "an easier route") Same think I thought... "I'm everyone" is just another way of saying "We're anonymous". That explanation is plausible, but the expected words are there right below Facebook: keep, maintain, hold.. :) Is this a finished thing? Pretty much the opposite that Rich Hickey advocated on this talk: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1962051 . One thing that makes me like his way is RSI. When you close a tab, tabs could become larger because there is now more space for each one. But in Chrome they aren't resized until your mouse leaves that area. This way you can close multiple tabs with clicking, no movement required. I'm not practicing it, but you can always go to a totally different place where you can just be a more social person (gym, some art class, etc). OTOH, I'm do not envy those folks that are friends of everyone and anyone. Frequently they are lonely too, on a deeper level. What is a seed script? I'm using Git and I have a question: when do you commit? How is this generally done? Do they add JS to every UI element to log what the user does and send this info with the requests, or they can find that out only from the http server logs? http://news.ycombinator.com/over?points=9000 So what is the consensus about what time is? Is the following a valid understanding of the post title: "No evidence of stuff going on before stuff existed" ? See, static typing won't help you there! I'm seeing duplicate entries, for example on: http://news.ycombinator.com/over?points=250 The last 4 entries are duplicated. After reading the first example at http://www.postgresql.org/docs/8.2/static/indexes-intro.html , I'm a little confused. I thought that operations using primary keys were always fast, that they were somehow always indexed. I thought this would be fast: SELECT content FROM test1 WHERE id = constant; and this would be slow because it wasn't on a primary key: SELECT content FROM test1 WHERE content = "xxx"; EDIT: this comment was supposing that 'id' was actually of type "serial primary key". My bad, I commented thinking 'id' was of serial primary key type. > and the lack of a working implementation This is great news, I don't actually have to download and play with this one :) More like this: an average link but great discussion! How much can the first comments determine the quality of the discussion? I'm confused, aren't you the creator? Can anyone show the one line hello world? Anyone else noticed this: when you Google for Java related stuff, Google's magic stops working, and you get into a sea of outdated and confusing pages from all kinds of sources. Also, for most of those results, you'll get some horrible unusable web site, probably with serif fonts to compliment. I do use Clojure for my startup. Runs fast on my Core 2 Duo too. You can enable "GPU Accelerated Compositing" in about:flags. With the new year coming is time to think: how have I improved my value? Wow, nice twist on the last sentence. I have that problem too: the project is no longer a challenge and so its not interesting. Also not loading for me. Here's something strange that happened to me recently: I call to one of the frontline people, explain the problems, tell them that a technician already visited me came and checked that it wasn't a physical problem, etc. Then see says that they are going to send another technician. Then, 5 minutes later, someone that isn't a FSM calls me and talks to me and realizes that I'm not the average non-geek customer, oh he also uses a mac too. That makes me very hopeful. Then he says he is going to call me from the datacenter so we can run some tests, because there might even be a dirty optical fiber. He also cancels the technician visit because we two agree that the problem isn't in my house! At this point I'm very confident that this guy will solve my problem. Except he never called, I don't know his name and there is no protocol number (because he just called me directly). What could be easier when working with windows? Looks like Haskell. That's what I get from the comma. If both were really operating together, he probably would say "Linode + Slicehost". Pro tip: In Terminal.app you need the checkbox "Display ANSI colors" checked. About 50 times a day, on bad days. Translate fail already... user won't understand that 'joya' means a Ruby gem :) Sure, but those can read basic english too. For someone that didn't grew with Java, what is hard is finding your way on the ecosystem. If you're a newcomer, and you're going to do a website in Python, you soon find out Django, which recommends you to use, lets say, Apache and PostgreSQL. You feel good because you got a sense, immediately, of what you need to know and install to run a website. Compare that with Java... I'm using Clojure with Jetty now, I haven't launched yet, and I'm afraid of things like application servers and doing everything with enormous amounts of XML. Not that long, great comment above, read it! 01010100011011110010000001100111011001010111010000100000011101000110111100100000011101000110100001100101001000000110111101110100011010000110010101110010001000000111001101101001011001000110010100101110 Lift is used by Foursquare. Twitter has a lot of open-sourced components in Scala, if Rails is still used, its only for the frontend, which talks to these services. Cheers from Brazil. #clay and #concatenative, but I don't understand most things guys are saying there. Yet. How do I learn to design a website like you? Also, sometimes I feel like it would be better to read Twitter in the reverse order, and with "Mark as read", just like email. I read Twitter by going backwards, reading stuff until I read a tweet that I recall having already read. Do you guys also feel like the Github folks always deliver geratly designed web pages? Ok, that was much easier than installing Mediawiki! sudo gem install gollum rdiscount # gollum + markdown support cd mywiki git init gollum and you're rolling. WJW. I don't think we can do that without Flash yet. Couldn't have imagined those two (Parker and Coelho) talking about Facebook. And then you can charge more for front row seats, just like live shows. I'm building a startup and I want to make things easier for my users. Should I let them "sign up" with OAuth? I read somewhere that doing that I don't "own" the users. What does that mean? All I want is for folks to find their friends automatically, and not to force people to remember another password. This comment perfectly encapsulates the value proposition. The description says its chromium-like, not that it used code from Chrome, unfortunately. Cool! Detaching a tab into its own window (process?) is kinda magic for me. Vim is easier on the hands, but Emacs (with ido-mode) still feels better for working with multiple files: (length (remove-if (lambda (b) (not (buffer-file-name b))) (buffer-list))) 42 This reminds me of the top post yesterday. There are multiple vim emulation packages for Emacs too, it just ain't the real thing. How does it compare to Kod? WJW, this is very cool. A few comments: - When you select a file in a project, first it shows some kind of preview and only if you start typing it gets its own tab. Why is that ? Perhaps just keep it simple and always show a tab. - Can I change the font? - Creating a new project could be a little be easier to understand (perhaps add "New project from folder") - The black UI looks great with dark themes, but a gray version would be great for light ones. - The minimap was a little bit greater on ST1, overlaying it like this turns it into a distraction (unless it would fade away automatically and fade in activated by "hot corners", or something like that). - Any chance you would think of VC integration, or that isn't a good thing to have in the editor for you? - Why is this so fast? Can you teach us how to make great looking apps that work on all platforms? :) Really snappy, "modes" load instantly, great out of the box experience. Congratulations! Lots of folks on Quora these days too, you should/could create a topic for Sublime Text there too. The hotkeys aren't working for me, and I get two errors on Chrome 10: - Unsafe JavaScript attempt to access frame with URL http://hn.embed.ly/ from frame with URL http://www.youtube.com/embed/yoqsZvSQSTs . Domains, protocols and ports must match. - hn.embed.ly:3Uncaught TypeError: Object # has no method 'shareaholic_publishers' Hotkeys working, thanks! Only if it works out! What are you using? Javascript (who would imagine!) Strangely he didn't mention server-side javascript, which would be the obvious way to share code between client and server. Answer by the man himself: http://www.quora.com/What-programming-languages-is-Gmail-imp... Chrome 10 (dev channel) on Mac, no problems here. I'm from Porto Alegre too, I graduated at PUC. Small world. I'd be very happy with a watch that displayed what Growl displays on my laptop. The morality of doing this type of stuff has been discussed before. I mean "selling a product that doesn't exist yet to test the market". Can't find the links though... I'm missing something... Are those more useful to competitions than to general use for some reason? Is this beautiful or ugly to a "C/C++" programmer? template int BST ::count( const T &x ) const { return find( x ) ? 1 : 0; } "Discovered SPAM filtering algorithm" ? When you say early code, do you mean code that was replaced or just older code? Also, I still forget that to be over 18 I no longer have to fill a fake date before my actual birth date. Always go to the 1960s... OT: Zed Shaw's Tir framework Sidenote: refer to answers by their authors, because they are always changing positions :) A dark theme is for "hackers", not for the general public. Indeed, I forgot that one. Then I can't explain why Ubuntu feels wrong. Its like I pressed Ctrl + Option + Cmd + 8 on OSX. I think they are only useful to a designer which wants to extract color schemes from pictures he enjoys. A guy here told us the other day that he did this "manually" with pictures he liked, for creating palettes for his projects. Bad HN title. This seems to be old chats from Jack Dorsey, one of the guys who co-founded Twitter. I'm not a native speaker - care to explain? where is the "petrification" cited happening? The original reddit discussion: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/1aefl/picol_a_t... From Reddit: - someone: "Picol", as in "piccolo"? - antirez: No, it's an obscure joke about the way Tcl is usually pronounced: "Tickle" that in Italian sounds a lot like "Ticol", so the small version of it is "Picol". Btw, is this related in anyway to Arthur? I'd FUUUUUU on that. He is also the author of the K language. Did they sponsor you on a Kinesis keyboard, or did you brought that from home? I think shoving an "hydrant up in the *" won't appear on the preface... About the speed: how can these laptops be getting twice the speed, twice the graphics performance, etc ? Didn't the previous model already had the i5 and i7? Hello kls! I have posted a question about VBox here, but it applies to VMWare too: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2353818 ? I'm more interested in backend work now. When you say mapped do you mean the "shared folders" via guest additions ? Sometimes its odd to think a thousand lines of C++ is something folks were waiting to be released for years. Are those running on your name or do you guys created a company? Unfortunately its not a technical magazine. Of course they mean the RaphaelJS author! But if you haven't seen how it maps into real problems, was there any insight at all? I was thinking about doing something similar for myself to use, I'd love to beta test: hugows at gmail.com The incredible machine anyone? Brings back memories. I suppose at the time my dream was to understand how those games worked. And I think I still couldn't write one today... Great product - it even helps you go through the installers. I had to change from A: to D: for installing Stunts though! (I had a copy...) Lemme just grab a copy of Bananacom so I can download some games from the local BBS. Caml didn't change much in the last 4 years, so it could potentially interesting blog post. Its not, though. Typos: s/Put and end/Put an end/, s/Okut/Orkut BTW, can someone explain the first point, "Compiling & fixing other people’s code" ? The "world" here refers to other teams inside Google or external libraries? This changed my view of Google, I thought they kinda aced on those points, being smart & pragmatic, and that that was what made them the place where the smartest folks on the industry wanted to work. This was great, but he seemed a little nervous, although his text was perfect. Mind: "No sire, that right now would be procrastination! Lets just use HTTPS as it is..." It starts as a way to take notes while avoiding duplication... (Notes to paper, then copied to computer) I miss Steve Yegge's posts. They were thought provoking, they reminded me of what was cool in our field, what had to be improved... Great twist, I was hating you already in the middle of the paragraph and then! You should blog :) One powerful concatenative language is Factor: http://factorcode.org/ . The implementation rocks, although the creator is now also sucked by the Google Vortex. How is this better than Colloquy, which has Growl integration, embedded media, etc and its free? I got about 30 of your past entries on my RSS today. I'm getting: PDOException: SQLSTATE[HY000] [2002] Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/var/lib/mysql/mysql.sock' (2) in lock_may_be_available() (line 165 of /srv/www/avabodh.com/public_html/includes/lock.inc). I suppose its not worth distributing this task across the network if each node will only have .5 second computing time each time. Given the input and output, why isn't a linear search a proper solution? Its thread-safe, for starters. All the algorithms that depend heavily on mutation will run (kinda) slowly on Clojure. I wonder what exactly the FPGA does, and how they can make it practical and flexible. Of course they could always just test with C and then compile that to HDL. Anyone knows how much something like this costs? My guess is around 20K. From the title, reminded of a blog post by one of the Fogcreek guys: http://blog.bitquabit.com/2009/05/20/your-language-features-... But a Virtex 5 could hold several simple CPUs designed for this task ;) I don't know if the algorithms they use can be expressed easily as state machines though. Ouch! That's a great "incentive" for the system to work well! I totally missed the the second the. It is sad though, that we can automate software hassles with such ease, but we can't automate real world tasks yet. I'm confused - there are some Perl modules and some LuaJIT modules. Is it Lua you will be programming if you use this? Also, if you're interested in that combination, have you seen Zed Shaw's Tir? ( http://sheddingbikes.com/posts/1289384533.html ) Its Lua+ZeroMQ+Mongrel2. or http://www.reddit.com/r/compilers Next, DittoKey could sell special keys that warn you by mail when they are being copied via DittoKey. Would segmenting HN like reddit work? Curious about why my suggestion, pretty similar to fogus and perhaps more useful, since /r/langdev seems to be a new subreddit with little content, got no upvotes. Anyone? This works, but I don't know if its web scale. Like, do you use the memory palace at first, and later it just fixes into unconsciousness? Because there is no way greeks really had hundreds of memory palaces where they structured all their knowledge, right? I'm pretty sure they have lots of palaces. But think about a subject like "World History". How are you going to store that? I also noticed a problem I have with using something like the Dominic System to store phone numbers, which is remembering the first image.. after that, this image just "pulls" the others by association. This type of jokes that just scream "April 1st! April 1st!" are not my favourite... Come on, its more about the moral of the story than if he really used das scientific method to benchmark Ruby and PHP. Hm, I was still stuck into the "above 30 FPS the eye cannot notice the difference" mindset. What's going on? This is the kind of thing that I would put in the "hacker" subhn. This should look great in movies. Oh, sorry - didn't notice that was a requirement. I'm worse, I come here dozens of times a day, seeking new stuff done by folks smarter than myself, and later blame myself about the time I spent online, and how much more I would have won if I had instead read a book on programming languages for the last few hours. That's a huge menu! Respect! So, ideally, an office in a motorhome! Cool Idea will just have to wait until Money Idea can support its development... Can't we just have a minimal webserver for ZeroMQ, and from there all the languages with ZeroMQ bindings? This works, sometimes. The other one that works even better is when explain the problem to your dog. Yeah, that could work too. Yeah, that could work too. Does the ranking algorithm considers the amount of discussion on each submission? Its by Cliff Click, from Azul Systems. (the "pauseless GC" guy :) More than 2x. I don't like the answer summaries at all. Just when you found an interesting question and you're going to check who said what, the summary comes in and displays everything crammed up, according to the OP preferences. I'm assuming the island has power and modern computers. Sorry, but I can't see sh*t on those Solarized themes which you call the "best theme ever created". What is wrong with generating fast machine-code? Any idea on how much would it cost to produce a small quantity of those boards? At which scale does it starts to make sense to use a custom made motherboard instead of a off-the-shelf PC? Hadn't heard about targeting CPU or GPU dynamically. That's very cool. Thanks. I wish the design of this page wouldn't hide the elements (perhaps just make them white?) so I could Ctrl+F... Nah, I think they'll rewrite it in C++. No, really. I'm using bcrypt cause Coda told me so. Just text, formatted for 80 cols. Anyone else really likes reading stuff in this "format"? The book cited as source is from the same author as "Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution", which I really enjoyed reading. Projectors should just have a camera/mic and record everything while they're on, just in case. Next time, don't prepare the reader to read shit and then... gives us a very sensible comment. It loses vigor :) I love the attention to detail such as their label foreground/background colors when selected (it seems that some have white foreground, some have "letterpress" effect, depending on the contrast). I only I could Shift+A HN, Twitter and Quora, I would beat procrastination! Bump! Lua is small and sweet. Zed Shaw picked it for his framework, not that unlike Raphters in some ways: http://tir.mongrel2.org/home Wow, backbone.js really did catch on, heh? Way to go, jashkenas! Now, literate programming. Google cache: http://goo.gl/taTPi One thing about points its I can pinpoint the "best" or most controversial comment quickly - if you can do that other way, for me its fine. No, they ran. I'm forever alone now.