This is a market cap ranking. Even Microsoft ranks on this list. Put it in perspective: if you define big by "actual revenue" (as the Fortune 500 does), Microsoft doesn't break the top 40. At ~10Bn+ in revenue, Google wouldn't make the Fortune 100. Sort the Fortune 500 by profit and Google still isn't in the top 20. Market cap is a measure of the market's expectations for future profit. But it's not a reliable one. Where's Qualcomm and Tellabs now? I agree, but market cap is a far worse metric. For whatever it's worth to you, you will readily get more than 5 minutes of semi-solicited opinions about your prospects and strategy from any VC manager or partner you talk to. You may even score customer introductions. The solid "yes" or "no" is a major feature of the YC process though. No. Other Navies have apparently routinely snapped periscope-depth/range pictures of US warships. This isn't news. It's not even evidence that the Chinese were undetected. And not in Vista. And, so what? This attack is important to cryptographers. It's not important to you. Anyone who can exploit this problem can also backdoor your machine. Why is this supposed to be funny? Not if it's what the market bears. ... and? Rails forks. It's slow even for a Ruby framework. You could beat both ErlyWeb and Rails handily in C, if your priorities were that far out of whack. Nobody uses Rails for its speed. They spent $6MM on infrastructure pre-revenue. The investors didn't pull the plug anywhere nearly fast enough. Did you just say a $25MM A-round is a tiny amount by today's standards? I don't know what that paragraph you wrote means, but $25MM is, in 2007, a very large A-round. Are these reviews by the same team that tried to clone Quicksilver for Windows and wound up with nothing more than Launchy set in Garamond? It's not an ad-hominem when someone publishes a critique of X, and you allege that they haven't demonstrated that they are qualified to critique X. In this case, it might be WRONG to allege that. But it's not an ad-hominem. I was being deliberately rude and snarky about Humanized, who, let it be said, can choose contrasting color saturations with the greatest of ease, and can "collect user interface evidence" circles around my command-line ass. But I agree, I think their attempt to position Enso versus Quicksilver is weak. If Quicksilver was ported to Windows, nobody would use Enso; the marginal cost of that particular value prop for Windows users is already zero, and Quicksilver's "search-and-act" idiom is just more sophisticated, and makes a greater contribution to UI design, than does Enso's. Sorry, command completion? Not revolutionary. And, hey, what's with "a direct clone of Quicksilver would be out of place on Windows"? No it wouldn't. It would be more appropriate. Quicksilver on the Mac competes with a lot of well-thought-out workflow that already exists in the OS X interface. Quicksilver on Windows would add far more value. And the QS "search-and-act" idiom is universal. Have you used Quicksilver? You should. It's pretty amazing. This is a low. Ok, let's all have a debate about neurosurgery! What a fatuous observation. Yes, if only Godin had thought to build an auction site, like OnSale did, he'd be a billionaire. Or a search engine, like Infoseek and Teoma. Or an ordering system, like Cybercash. You mean "Network effect", don't you? I think he buries it in "Deepness". How do you downmod "Will it Blend"? Reexamine your priorities! I'm not saying you're wrong; I'm saying there's a hoary old cliche that you can use to communicate the same thing: "He forgot to add Network Effects". Ebay relies on a network effect; Amazon doesn't. I don't imagine that he forgot it; I think he's assuming most web startups rely on it. He is, after all, Pyra, Odeo, and Twitter. This is really a tempest in a teacup. NSA influenced a NIST standard; MSFT implemented the NIST standard. Dual EC is not default behavior for Vista. There's no evidence of a deliberate backdoor, and most of the failure modes for crypto RNGs involve a threat model you don't care about: someone who can read/write memory from arbitrary processes or the kernel. Another fatuous attempt at scorekeeping. Everyone has a sorry history at startups. It's a simple bias that focuses your memory on the rare successes. No! NO NO NO. Not 5. He said 10. Nobody's doing 5. Who uses email for 5 minutes? 10's the key number here. 10 commandments! 10 doors! 10, man, that's the number. 10 chipmunks twirlin' on a branch eatin' lots of sunflowers on my uncle's ranch! Step into my office! Apple uses Scheme in the new Leopard security scheme. There is a residual talent pool of generally undervalued developers in every urban area that is not Boston, NYC, Seattle, and San Francisco. Lots of smart, ambitious people simply cannot relocate to trendy areas. There are fewer startups, and fewer resources for those startups, in Minneapolis. However, that doesn't mean there are no startups there. Meanwhile, cost of living and competition differences in underutilized areas make startups in underhyped areas more efficient and easier to staff, up to a point. I really wonder how much this meme about how much easier it is to staff in San Francisco comes from social ineptness. It always seems like the people infected with it simply can't conceive of recruiting in any way except national job postings and IRC. Our last 3 hires came from meetups we organized. Finally, if you're really freaked out about finding developers, put your money where your paranoia is: hire remote devs. Yeah, that's where it's from. So is there a post somewhere with actual evidence? Or is it equally likely that the aliens in the employ of the US DoE's Paranormal Task Force have bought and backdoored Verisign? 10 bucks says this conspiracy theory finds its roots in some company owned by In-Q-Tel, the gasp CIA's gasp VC fund. You people sure are gullible. Oh, wait. Call the EFF! The fun part about talking about the NSA is that you don't have to exercise critical thinking; you just propose counterfactuals, citing the NSA's "huge budget". "Of course they could be monitoring Hushmail". "Of course they could be monitoring the Internet." "Of course they could be monitoring all our phones." "Of course they could have chips implanted in our brains". I mean, after all, they're the NSA! I don't know about toxicity of value systems, but there's no more toxic form of debate than a semantics argument, which is what this essay devolves to. This argument seems entirely emotional. Rubinius matters because it "feels more joyful" when you know you can't do better by writing in C? News flash: that's going to be true no matter what VM you host Ruby on. What's your point? The irony, if you can call it that, is that only in the Rails community could someone make a name for themselves by writing a web server in Ruby. You mean, like every intrusion detection system ever built? Leagues funnier than XKCD has been in months. And didn't even play the "Reddit readers never have sex" card. Parsing protocols with parser generators is not an original idea, despite the fact that it's one of the top 3 value propositions Zed Shaw has for Mongrel. Lots of important technology makes no money, and is a poor investment. Do Prototype, Mochikit, or Twisted have VC funding? We foresook the quest for VC funding 2 years ago, and think it's one of the best decisions we made. But having said that, I've held key roles at 3 VC-funded startups, and at none of them was $1MM in revenue a predicate. At $1MM/yr (in product revenue), you're already funded. I can't do anything with this "information". It seems utterly arbitrary. If you're looking for excuses not to do a startup, you're kidding yourself. Actually starting one up is going to give you incontrovertable evidence that you shouldn't be doing it, and there's no way you're going to be able to work through it. Leave entrepreneurship to the crazy people and get back to your job. I read this article for literally all of 5 seconds before getting pissed off. The answer to this "question" is simple, but you can get 1500 word blog posts voted up for it because nobody wants to hear the answer, which is (1) build a viable startup, and then (2) quit your job. Or! If you're daring and an extremely excellent salesperson, you can try (1) quitting your job and then (2) starting a company. If you need to think past either of these two strategies before "deciding" whether to start a company, you're not going to start a company. Also? Arguing for a raise, and then quitting 3 months later after mentally checking out of your job for 3 months? Bit of a dick move. Compressed binary radix tries (also known as PATRICIA trees) give you excellent memory usage characteristics and pretty much optimal search time characteristics: both wins come from only storing the edges corresponding to significant bit differences. Since hash tables by necessity have to allocate enough storage to keep table load down and minimize collisions, you could find a PATRICIA tree has even better memory footprint than whatever hash table you use. Of course, all data structures share the DoS problem. There's an input to a PATRICIA tree that pessimizes lookup and memory usage: the one that creates a full 32 bits of fanout for every key. In all cases, the attack degrades performance to linear search. Of all the "mainstream" data structures, balanced binary trees are probably the hardest to attack this way. It's funny that everyone thinks of "the evil company" when they make decisions like this, but never talk about what they're doing to their coworkers. You're correct. Surely I'm not arguing that. That would be a stupid argument. What I am arguing is that deliberately stiffing your employer for a raise while spending all your real cycles building your own company can fuck over your teammates. Look, you just said you agreed it was a dick move. Great! Do you agree with what you yourself said, or not? This is an awesome, awesome, awesome book. Aguri isn't in it; aguri doesn't even rate for this book. That's how awesome this book is. Hash tables are NOT O(1). You just failed the job interview. You're like the 4th person I've seen that read (some) of this article and pulled this tree vs. hash thing out of it. It's a throwaway point. Binary trees provide comparable performance to hash tables, but also provide efficient access to ranges of keys. Binary trees support more operations efficiently than hash tables. The article isn't about some war I've declared on hash tables. I am, of course, an idiot; you can't make a PATRICIA lookup worse than O(k). I'm not trying to prolong this, or be petulant or pedantic, but you don't have to be working for Greenpeace to have dependencies and shared goals. Your project slips 6 months because you were dead wood during dev and QA while you learned Rails, and you just fucked over everyone else whose bonus and raise depended on the project. We don't have to argue about this because I think we agree. The more important point is, if you need to come up with an elaborate plan to figure out to engage your new company, you haven't figured out what your new company is. There's a YC meme going around here, along the lines of "is now a good time to start my company?" or "what's the best way to smoothly transition into my new startup?". None of that means shit. 2 months into your startup you are going to face some problem that is going to be an existential threat to your project, and it's all going to go badly, and you're going to have to figure out how to work through it anyways, and all this talk about how to "start the startup" and "milk your last job" is going to sound pretty silly. The hash table O(1)/O(n) question is a classic job interview gotcha. I didn't mean to be a dick. You're ignoring table load factor in your memory comparison, you can attack any dictionary "in terms of memory", I conceded the O(n)/O(k) lookup thing before you wrote this, and why do you think "balancing" a red-black tree is expensive? The bound on lookup from a hash table is O(n). I'm sorry, you're talking about a totally different algorithm than I am either here or in the article you're responding to. There's no such thing as a "4 bit PATRICIA" trie. Obviously, if you want to burn memory, you can increase the arity of your tree nodes to "speed up" (heh) fetches. If you use a simple binary tree, which nobody does , you're right. If you use a red-black tree, like everybody does , you're wrong; worst case search time for a balanced binary tree is O(log n). Worst case search for a radix trie is always O(k); radix tries don't require balancing. Where did you go to school? Your school taught you to "balance" hash tables? I feel like I need to take a shower after reading that. This is probably the first genuinely valuable article I've read on OnStartups. This is dead-on, and cuts across pretty much every aspect of running a software company: * Engineering --- BigCo rockstars can be process-bound, require 30 page MRDs to start projects, and gummed up in the tar-pit dev platform choices of their previous project; your startup should not be using J2EE or ACE. * Marketing --- You know you're fucked when you're pre-revenue and your marketing plan involves dropping 20k on vanity booth kits to take to conferences, or when your marcom person spends more money on mailing lists than on organizing meetups. * Sales --- Just having an account manager backs you into a corner on pricing; now you have to make 50k off a customer to make them "worth having". BigCo sales rockstars need armies of sales engineers to be effective, and may spend more time selling you on why they should be promoted to Global All-Encompassing Executive VP Of Worldwide Sales. A big difference between Microsoft and your company is that, for better or worse, everything inside of Microsoft is at least designed to help people do what Microsoft thinks will improve shareholder value. At a BigCo, you can work your MRDs and add $50MM to the year. Nothing at your company is designed to make people successful. If you sit back and do what you're supposed to do at a startup, you die. I've gotta assume any publication that could write a positive review of this thing has to be pay-for-play. Can anyone offer a cogent argument for why I should give a shit who Randall Munroe thinks should be president? Having been directly involved with multiple first-tier PR firms in my career to date: you can spend $1000, $10,000, or $50,000 in a year on a PR firm and still get nothing. Here's the thing. PR firms are not magic. If you have something interesting to cover, you can get it covered in the trade press (or Techcrunch or whatever) without a PR firm. On the flip side, if what you have is not naturally interesting, the trade press isn't really going to cover it even with a PR firm. In my experience, the "value" PR firms offer includes: * Two-hour long meetings about company positioning and the values you want to communicate to the press * Press training (note: actually valuable) * A PR landscape assessment where they tell you that you care about Techcrunch, ComputerWorld, Wired, and Slashdot, and your competitors were mentioned N times last year * A snippet service wherein a human being will do the job of Google News Alerts for you, mostly by means of using Google News Alerts * A filing service for your press releases Apart from press training, which you don't need and can only use if you're getting in front of the press, there's nothing that a PR firm does to get you covered that you can't do just as effectively yourself, regardless of what PG says. My company has gotten pretty good coverage in the press, by which I mean that my company has gotten more coverage in some trade pubs than successful public company competitors. Here's my take on what to do: * Blog. Many trade press reporters skim blogs for leads. * Court controversy. Take sides on every issue you can reasonably take sides on. * Figure out things to do with your product or service that will be newsworthy. Your product or service is itself probably not newsworthy. * Court Reddit aggressively. I kind of doubt Reddit has any trickle-down effect into paper PR --- or even Slashdot --- but if you're reading YC, the people you want to reach are probably easiest to address with Reddit votes. * Secure speaking opportunities. Make a calendar of every event in your space throughout the year, put together a set of abstracts, and cold call. Short of having printable intel on the most recent Apple security vulnerability, nothing gets press hits like speaking slots. (Imagine a PR person trying to allocate a slot for you at a technical conference --- they actually try!) * Figure out who the people who actually write stories in your space are, and make friends with them. More on this, but not much more, in a sec. Here's what I think doesn't work: * Press releases. There may be value in getting into the habit, but we stopped doing this real quick. Remember: the only reason for you to issue press releases is if you honestly think someone will write it up. If you want to do it, you can get a PRNewsWire account for cheap (or use a "free press release" service). The advice you will get is, look at an Apple press release and copy as much of it as you can, so that yours looks professional. * Cold pitching stories to editors. This doesn't even work for PR people (witness all the companies who drop $50,000 for 200 printed words a year and, if they're lucky, an pay-for-play "op-ed"). In the past few years, we've figured out a bunch of things that have gotten us closer to the press. I'm not about to give them up, but I'll tell you the (obvious) theme: be helpful to the writers. Writers are (a) on a deadline and (b) looking for interesting stories. What you have to say is probably not interesting, but that doesn't mean you can't help with both (a) and (b). How you know that there are tricks to getting written up that actually work is, I won't publish them. ;) A beer and a solemn promise would do the trick, if you're in Chicago. A freebie tip is, yes, definitely target the smaller and niche pubs; don't spam Wired. The more helpful you can be, the more influence you have, and honestly, you're just not that helpful for Kevin Poulsen or Chris Anderson. A press hit anywhere conveys an irrational credibility; think about it, it's not most people's job to parse which pubs have a reputation for editorial integrity. That's why the "Top 10 Pick" awards from places like SC Magazine (in my field) work so well. So, if "bang for the buck" is the goal, you'll get 80% of the value of a press hit by sniping at the small fish. The obvious point to make about "the long game" in PR is that reporters and editors have ambitions too, and some of the smartest people in the trade are writing for the small fish; they'll be editors at Computerworld tomorrow. A dollar spent on blogging is worth 10 dollars spent on SEO, if our Google stats are predictive. Got $1000 to burn? Hire an intern (BTW: interns --- a best-kept-secret) and have them write blog posts for you. I can give you two good reasons for being secretive that you may not have considered: * If you're entering a competitive space --- and particularly if you have a direct sales model with medium-long sales cycle (ie, you sell to companies) --- your competitors can neutralize you without copying your features. All a company with a shipping product has to do is "roadmap" your features for you to lose competitive advantage. * There's what Joel calls "The Marimba Effect". As long as you keep quiet about what you're doing, your failures and missteps don't count against you. Once you launch, prospects can start to form an opinion that's hard to shake off. I can't say that these are dealbreakers if you're starting some social calendaring service for pets, or (like most YC'ers) considering some kind of social network code autoindentation product for MzSchemers. But we are not awash in examples of companies that opened up early, launched small, and went on to huge success. Awareness is only really valuable if you're in a position to capitalize on it. Has it been super valuable to RescueTime? You're still 3 "owner-operators", plus "the occasional contractor". It obviously hasn't solved your recruiting problems. From what I can tell, you've "closed" a "round" of YC funding. Got a real term sheet yet? Did awareness do it for you? I'm not trying to be petulant. For you guys, awareness may convert directly into users, and users to a shot at VC funding (though, if you're up and running already, god I hope not). And on the flip side, in my field (security), there's an obvious need for secrecy; we're a bunch of cutthroat motherfuckers over here. So my experience doesn't translate to yours directly. Just saying, the answers to questions like these aren't always straightforward. I'll be the contrarian here. Unless you control the company, or the founders (or whatever the "board"-equivalent is at this nascent stage) are dumb, no matter what the paper stock agreement is, you can get screwed. All you people with private company options plans are pretty much deluding yourselves about your recourse in the event of an unfavorable (to you) liquidation. The pecking order is, latest VC, VC, founders, every executive, and then you. No matter what your paper says, everyone above you in that chain can screw you over. I've seen this go both ways. Companies with 20-30MM+ in revenue have been acquired by $5Bn gorillas, and the VCs and m-team walked with everything but a few thousand dollars. And companies have gone public and larded everyone with windfall options. If you want to have some idea of how much your "equity" might be worth, you need to know not only how many shares you're getting, but how many shares are outstanding, how that pool is going to change after multiple rounds of funding, and, finally, how much the company will liquidate for. A bunch of those questions are basically unknowable. So, you can work for people with this sketchy answer, or you can work for the people who make shit up about their equity to make your questions go away, but in neither case is the answer to this question really helping you. Do you trust the team or not? Is the project worth it even if you don't trust them? Because why? The team hasn't wasted their time dividing up their fictitious millions? You have a BA in economics and have worked for some fairly large companies, and, like me, you're a company founder. Tell me, is this ever a discussion that is "easy"? And, is this discussion ever "settled"? Seems to me, it's settled exactly until they (a) get funding or (b) hire a CEO, at which point all bets are off anyhow. The company has a strong team, a strong product, and market traction. The equity argument is as much about risk as it is about effort, and it looks like everyone else on the team has borne far more of that than our friend here. He's an employee, not a founder; his code contribution likely does not entitle him to demand equity reallocation. Say for the sake of argument the company has been in business for a year before our friend arrived. Say there's another employee who has been there since day 1, but is skills-wise pin compatible with our friend. You think he should get 90% of what the day 1 guy gets? He's using the word "employee". They're paying him. Well, I don't have to wait; I've been through it. In my case, I had essentially no documentation of what my equity was, just a handshake. And when the company sold, I was treated profoundly well. Did I get lucky? I don't know. I loved the project, loved the work, loved the company, and trusted the founder who hired me. On the other hand, look at anyone who held private company options in @stake, a well-funded company with a solid 8 figure exit. All of them had their equity positions spelled out on paper, and none of it meant anything, because VC liquidation preferences trump your peon shares. Look, I'm not trying to be petulant. I just want to point out that your employee options are nowhere nearly as important as you think they are. If you know how to negotiate and you're valuable and you keep your eyes open, you'll do well. If not, no piece of paper is going to save you. My advice to our friend is, if you love the project, trust the founders, and don't have a much more solid job option, by all means, take the leap. You're out of your fucking mind if you think this is the major risk of joining a startup. If you want to see how the "owner" operates the company, ask questions about the sales pipeline. Ask for concrete answers about what happens when the "big customer" cuts them out of the budget. If you don't know how the company's cash flows work, and you're reading tea leaves about the founders state of mind from meaningless equity numbers, then you're just wanking. No. Even with an options plan, and especially but not necessarily if they've taken VC, our friend can get screwed in the event of a takeover. But that's not what's going to happen. What's really going to happen is, it's going to take more than 4 years for the company to approach any kind of liquidity (really, what's going to happen is, the company is going to go out of business like most software startups, but never mind that). But our friend is going to get bored and leave before 4 years are up. Are you seriously suggesting that 3 years from now, when he leaves to take a $200,000 job, that he buy private company options? Because if he doesn't, option plan or no, he gets nothing. I'm a vote for never, ever buying options in a private company, unless you're confident you know what the outcome is going to be --- that there's an imminent liquidity event, that you know what the numbers are, you know the VC's prefs, and you know where your shares are relative to the outstanding shares. When I left my last company, they told me I was crazy for not buying my vested options. Multiple times over the following 3 years, coworkers would IM me and say, "I really wish I had convinced you to buy those options! Big stuff is coming!" And it has: they bought another company, got revenues to the point where only 3 companies in the world can afford to buy them, and are digging in for the long haul towards an eventual IPO, where all the shares will get reset anyways. That's not even close to a horror story. The real horror story is, you buy your options, the company exits 2 years later, management and investors get all the money, and current employees share a retention pool. You put your money in VFINX, you get 3-5% returns. You put your money in private company options, you lose it all. I've reviewed a bunch of submissions to ACM Transactions on Networking, all they were all double-blind. Usenix, on the other hand, is is "single-blind" (if you want to dignify this with a name). It makes a huge difference. Forget about gender bias. The real problem is bias against newcomers. I was reluctant to write anything negative about well-known researchers. When you're doing a bunch of these, you don't have a whole hell of a lot of time to track down cites and evaluate experimental results. So your default is going to be, people who could kick your ass in your field are getting good reviews. You know, they're not splitting up articles because they think YOU like it better. YOU aren't paying them. No insight. Just a restatement of the problem. I'm no more knowledgeable about the bias against women in engineering, and I'm not laughing. Bear in mind that established researchers aren't going to take a "superficial No" for an answer, and maybe the reason pubs stay single-blind is that double-blind would invite havoc; Raj Jain would be getting articles turned down, and everything would bog down in appeals. Oh, wait. No he wouldn't. ACM SIGCOMM is double-blind. Yeah, I have no idea why everything doesn't work that way. No. That's my point. It's hard for me to get too wound up about an issue for which there is literally an episode of the Cosby Show. This appears to have been lifted almost directly out of last week's Onion. No amount of math is going to make multicast happen. Mathematicians always say that their work has applications in network optimization, but it seems to me that the math itself is largely inspirational; Jain's CUTE scheme (precursor of TCP/IP congestion control, the most important distributed algorithm on the Internet) had fluid dynamics inspiration, but trivial implementation. I don't like the connotation that mathematics is a prerequisite to study and improve distributed systems. I can name more far-reaching advances, even in routing, from non-mathematicians. This isn't an attack on cryptosystems, unless you torture the definition, so that SSL/HTTPS is no longer a "cryptosystem", but rather "SSL/HTTPS deployed on Dell Inspirons talking to IBM Blade servers running Apache". As Spaff points out in the comments on Felten's blog, DRAM reminiscence isn't new. As another commenter points out, stealing DRAM chips from wakeful computers is slightly outside the threat model for full-disk encryption. The purpose of full-disk encryption is so that Fortune 500 companies don't have to issue press releases every time someone loses a laptop. The new guidance to those companies may now be to disallow "sleep" mode until disk encryption systems get effective at zeroing keys before sleeping. Problems like this are what motivates things like the Intel TPM. Sturgeon was questioned. None of us know what happened during that questioning. But the judge has ordered both attorneys not to mention his claims during the trial. Sturgeon was not charged with any murders. From this, one can reasonably infer that Sturgeon's claims of having killed eight people were not credible. On the other hand, Nina Reiser's blood was found in Hans Reiser's car and at Hans Reiser's current residence, where she had never lived. I'm not sure what anybody expected to have happen here. There's no truly legitimate use for Hymn: if you don't want to use DRM-encumbered tracks from Apple's proprietary iTunes store, don't buy tracks from iTunes. I don't understand why people believe they have the right to force Apple to sell things on terms other than Apple's. This is nothing at all like attempts to shut down BitTorrent. Legitimate use is a fig leaf with BitTorrent as well, but it's a real fig leaf: you can download a Linux kernel with it. You can't "rescue" any legitimate content with Hymn; you promised Apple you'd abide by their license when you downloaded the tracks. Apple's terms are that you can burn limited copies to CD for personal use. Their imperfect ability to enforce those terms with technology is irrelevant to the iTunes Terms of Service and the Usage Rules. If you don't want to deal with encumbered media, don't buy it. The original Hymn was a cool technical hack, and I salute it on those grounds. The "modern" Hymn tools are less cool. In neither case were they a "good idea"; it's hard to lament their passing. Did I miss the reason he like Python, or is it really just because he likes the Python documentation better? Uh, hello? Extortionate certificate fees aren't a technical problem. It's the "getting inclusion into Internet Explorer" problem that actually matters. What possible evidence do these people have that they'd be successful with this? I think the 4-day work week is genius recruiting. How much more would you have to offer me to take a job that demanded an entire extra day of my week? How long until other smart companies start offering this benefit? And I think they're right: you're going to get the same amount of shit done. The best developers on our team work round the clock, because they love what they're working on. This article is really gross and creepy. It's a stretch, but a defensible one, to report that Jobs concealed a dangerous treatable illness for 9 months. But what possibly justification can Fortune have for reporting about Jobs' children "out of wedlock", the antics of his absent biological parents after he was given up for adoption, the lack of license plates on his car, or the contents of his secret address book? It's hard to feel sorry for a billionaire public figure subjected to takedown pieces like this. So I don't feel sorry for him. But this reporter embarassed himself and his publication. This stuff wouldn't even pass muster on Wikipedia. Someone who doesn't take a salary for six months doesn't get "generous stock options". They get a founders stake. You're going to fail. I offer no judgement, but note that if performance-enhancing drugs become the norm in academia and industry, those who opt not to chemically alter (and perhaps harm) themselves are obviously going to be marginalized. That's why steroids are a problem in sports. It's not that kids "look up" to Barry Bonds. It's that they're not stupid, and they quickly realize the only way to succeed is to dope. Staying up all night coding sounds awesome to me. Having 2x focus sounds awesome. When research assures me I'm not going to be clinically depressed for the remainder of my life as a result of medicating, I might even consider taking pills for work. But I'll feel guilty about the future I'm creating for my kids. And when we find out that modafinil fucks up some useful neurological chemical pathway, or desensitizes the brain to their natural equivalents; well, that's just the price society pays for innovation. I mean, all the other chemicals we use to regulate the brain have worked out so well. Most of them haven't even turned out to be carcinogens, yet! Sounds awesome. The premise of this article is that, because the author doesn't like Basecamp, and 37Signals doesn't respond by catering to him, they're an "arrogant hobby" business. Vote accordingly. At least 8 other YC readers appear to believe that Don Norman is the first person to gripe about 37Signals. Wow, they must suck then! Thanks for telling me; I'm sure if I got all Magnum P.I. on your nickname, I could figure out what it was 37Signals does to alienate people like you, and thus capture the 0.0001% of the CRM and Project Management software market 37Signals has failed to address. We reported a security flaw. They responded as if it was a feature request. We asked whether it would be fixed. They declined to discuss development plans. There's lots not to like about their attitude (look how they handled their last outage), but we're still customers. You can have too much self-confidence, or too little. I know which problem I'd rather have. Incorrect: if I don't take pills, and all my competitors do, and they're given a competitive boost that they only pay for when they commit suicide at age 41, it is my problem. Nonsense. I'm one of those people with no life --- I have a startup, and I have my family, and that's it. I'm depressed when I'm not working. It's a totally false analogy. I code and break software for a living. I have a blast. Modafinil and aderrol sound like a blast, too. But 20 years from now, I expect to look back fondly on 80 hour work weeks, the way I look back on 2-hour-of-sleep nights with newborns. Unlike the drugs, those weeks won't have scorched my neurochemical pathways. You talk as if you have some way of measuring the risk of these drugs, or as if the risk was fantastical. I'm not going to have to sound like a alt-med hippie to disprove that. Sorry, Joel got this right, the answer is boring, and isn't going to help anyone write any more clickbaiting blog posts. Hire for "smart, gets things done". What the hell else is there to it? 37Signals has a 4-day work week. Calacanis optimizes for maximim work-hours per week (hoping, for instance, that buying home computers will keep people working 1-2 hours extra at home, and buying ridiculous coffee machines to "capture" the 20 minutes people spend at Starbucks). Who gets more done? Between Calacanis' company and 37Signals? Is this a joke? Has anyone here given a dollar to Calacanis? We'd all get a little bit further if child labor were allowed, too. How can demand-threading possibly be faster or more memory-efficient than event processing? Web apps are, to a one, I/O bound. Event programming schedules those applications on I/O. The hand-waving on threading bugs is funny, too. "They're both hard, they both have learning curves!". Nobody has ever livelocked competing events. It's awfully hard to serialize an entire event-based program on a single shared variable. This post gives me the impression of an author who has never scaled real threaded code. You mean like with ritalin, or the antidepressants? I don't think your argument sticks. It feels like regulations do well with medications that science understands. It does not understand modafinil well. What evidence do you have of "the odds" that it causes no permanent harm? As a practitioner, I'm going to chime in and agree completely. Shaw has created a merit badge sash of crypto exotica: Needham-Shroeder key exchange (oh, sorry, "ISO IEC 48798783 without the Helsinki vulnerability"), a bizarro block cipher mode, a custom PRNG, and no explanation whatsoever of the motivation behind his choices. Of course, this is all just libtomcrypt under the hood, which probably explains the showy idiosyncrasy. You'd be able to take something like this more seriously if Zed "So Fucking Awesome" Shaw had ever contributed any findings against TLS, or even SSH. But that would be Hard, Harder than "fighting the cargo cults" --- people much more demonstrably competant than Shaw have already shaken the bugs out of TLS. Generally, I find Shaw's arguments and reasoning about security unconvincing. For instance, there's a place in that article where he argues that "binary protocols have fewer buffer overflows" --- he might as well just write "I don't pay attention to vulnerability research". He seems to believe that Ragel, an obscure regex-modeled lexer, is a talisman against vulnerabilities. His "Hate" protocol assumes that attackers originate from single sources, not from armadas of compromised machines. Sigstoat isn't the first person to comment on this "top 10 list of signs of bad security" --- this is a point Schneier makes, often. All due respect, but the "security through obscurity" argument went out the window when Shaw published his source. His propaganda is fair game, and sigstoat is right. If Zed Shaw was interested in having people review his weird chat protocols, he'd probably: * Document them without the "mixture of humor, ranting, code, and specification language." The "specification language", presuming it's not in something Zed invented (like Stackish franken-sexps), would do nicely. * Use well-understood, well-tested primitives, and where he deviates (ECC might be mainstream, but CCM and Needham-Schroeder public key exchange aren't), explain why. * Describe things in terms of the cryptosystem and the goals, instead of using the least intelligible, most intimidating acronyms he can come up with (seriously, "ISO/IEC 11770-3 Mechanism 6"?). You're exactly wrong, of course. Zed's using CCM, and an evaluator would want to know what properties his system expects to achieve from doing so. Talking about CBC (or CBC-MACs) would make him look more savvy. Instead, we get "I’ve decided to send it back as Er(Nr) but I’m not sure of the security of this." The underlying muni's aren't faulting, right? You're losing liquidity, not assets --- why are people taking writedowns on these? Why are you commenting on things you haven't even read? No, wait, I said that wrong. Stop fucking commenting on things you haven't even fucking read. Because this is a more interesting conversation than the grandparent comment --- what's the difference between a lexer generator and a parser generator for regular languages? What can I do with Ragel that I can't do with a (probably clumsy) application of Flex? I don't mean to snipe at Ragel, just Shaw's use of it as an amulet against vulnerabilities. You just spent 3 grafs kicking a straw man, which you'd know if you'd read the article. This is a discussion about an article. The source code for the software the article is about was published in 2005. Nobody argued that he should have kept his algorithms secret; they argued that bragging about them in an article didn't make him look more competant. Also, you already said you weren't a practitioner; which is it? Your use of the term "Type 1 National Security systems" allows me an educated guess, but you could clear it up. You're right. I'm infinitely more irritated at the mentality conveyed by Shaw's document, that "security" is a combination of using the most "advanced" crypto constructions and using parsing tools to avoid superficial overflows than I am at you for arguing with people about a post you didn't bother to read. For that, I apologize. What OpenDNS is doing is far more pernicious than what Dell did. You can remove Dell's software and still use your computer. If you're making the mistake of relying on OpenDNS, there's little you can do to avoid their proxy. You'd want to say this is a horrible precedent, but it's not unprecedented --- it's exactly what Verisign tried to pull on us a few years back. 10 years ago, I loved Hanson and Fraser: http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0805316701 This is a good tour of front-end and back-end stuff, a decent intro to code gen, and is built on a hand-written recursive-descent C parser. That it's specific to one C compiler made it better to read straight through, but I rarely refer back to it. So far this year, I've been liking Muchnick: http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/1558603204 This is pretty heavy on the backend and codegen, which is where my head is at these days. Compilers is a big topic. What part interests you most? Parsing? Optimization? Semantics and error detection? Code generation? I'm going to point out that in practice, #8 ( Practice Defense in Depth ) rarely works. The reason is simple: it's Hard to bulletproof any one security control, and the cost of getting controls even slightly wrong is the same as not doing it at all. It can be tricky to come up with an example of a system that met a real-world security requirement only because a stack of security controls held together despite breaks the individual controls. Windows XP SP2 is a famous anti-example. Secure runtime: good! Security development lifecycle: better! Memory corruption vulnerability: often still game-over! For assessors of applications (I'm one), the words "defense in depth" are usually blood in the water. It's code for, "we made a bunch of assumptions here, but that's OK because use modsecurity". The cold, hard truth is: "defense in depth" really means, "don't do anything wrong". Lose the bezel. Reconsider the colors; you've got limp, low-value, low-saturation red and green there. The indicator bar letters are cute, but overused; pick one letter and use it there. Why? Oh, so, fanboyism. This person hasn't been working long. Epiphanies like this are like rings in the tree trunk. But... but... but.. don't you read my BLOG? Give me a break. If Godin's argument is that the places that demand resumes are places that you don't want to work, the rest of his argument falls apart: what good is a defense mechanism that keeps you from getting screened out of a company lame enough to keyword-screen resumes? If Godin's premise is valid, then the conclusion should be exactly the opposite --- resumes are early-warning signals, attracting valuable early rejections from companies that would otherwise be a waste of your time. All I can add is, refusing to provide a resume will make you sound like a douche. CEOs have resumes. Isn't this the same thing as Tourb.us --- a tiny, 2-person Rails outfit --- and a sideline feature of Facebook? How can there be multiple VC-funded entrants for this offering? For what it's worth, I agree that mailing resumes is a dumb way to try to get a job. But then, you can read that same advice in "What Color Is Your Parachute?", which outdates Seth Godin by about eight hundred years. Just as a data point: I use and love Tourb.us, it's gotten me to several indie shows I would have missed, it syncs with my iTunes playlist and provides an RSS feed, and has a truly excellent domain name. With your VC money, I recommend that you buy them. And, of course, this is old news, and, of course, it only works with MD5 (and --- we expect, but do not yet know --- SHA1, but not SHA256). Your takeaway from this article is, "don't ever use MD5 again". It has no value. Use CRC's for error detection, and use a SHA hash for security. What is MD5 good for? It's slower than a CRC and less secure than SHA1. It's a crappy universal hash (bad constant factors) and it's usually much too large for a unique identifier. For what it's worth, almost any random number generator is better than MD5 at giving a deterministic random bit string, given a seed. You might start with OpenBSD arc4random. It's also not useful to most readers of The Economist, since nothing they commonly use relies on MD5. Before debunking the "conventional wisdom", it'd be nice if the author would read up on it. The only insight added by this blog post is the dubious notion that the first-to-market wins a sustainable niche; that's been untrue as often as it's been true. Otherwise, the idea that markets converge to a major winner on cost and a niche winner on product quality is basically marketing 101. Man, Seth Godin can't even do a good job of reviewing a bad toaster. When writing a critical review, the bar is clearly set at what Amazon.com reviewers come up with. Godin should see where that bar is set for bad toasters: http://www.amazon.com/review/product/B00004R92D/ref=cm_cr_dp... I note, with some smugness, that "DANGEROUS --- SHAME ON TOASTMASTER" is also a catchier title than "World's Worst Toaster". At the risk of being a Reddit pedant: it's not really true that there are other reasonable safe hash algorithms. We're in a bit of a hash crisis now; SHA1 is expected to fall too, SHA256 is unreasonably expensive, and no alternative algorithm has the peer results to allay concerns. So, I guess there is an article you could write about the situation. But, of course, it has nothing yet to do with the Internet; SSL/TLS uses both MD5 and SHA1, simultaneously. This doesn't really tell us anything, only that he liked an executive he was working with, and is no longer working with him. There's a bigger backstory here that we're not hearing about. Article thesis: though Facebook exceeds expectations on the only established empirical metric for its success, it fails all the author's subjective metrics, like "thrilling older people". Eagerly awaiting news of Google's imminent demise as well; yes, it makes huge amounts of money, but the graphic design minimalism so crucial to its success has been slipping. We don't know their income; they're a private company. All SlySoft claims to be able to do is break a single BD+ program. There are an infinite number of BD+ programs; BD+ is itself a VM. SlySoft's own press release acknowledges disks they can't "yet" crack, and concedes that future titles will likely set them back to the drawing board. That dynamic, if sustainable, is a major "victory" for DRM. How much clearer? Well, you could have started by not comparing employees to caged lions. So, I'm guessing Billy Bragg is not ignorant of the economics of radio. Maybe you could refine your argument so that it becomes, you know, credible. Um, it being only 2008, many of us are the grandchildren of racists. It's interesting that you write something like, "How can so many people read an essay saying X and come away believing it said not-X?", thinking that the problem is likely with the readers . Ok. In the interests of providing a data point: * Even as a startup junkie, with full-time founder role and a 13 year track record, I found your analogy belittling and myopic. You will lose the argument that the best work in software is being done in startups. * Your essay contributed little else but the lightning rod; you've said substantially the same thing in other essays. We get it. You've also watched tens of $6k startups die; you should write more about the downside of being a software startup founder. You've been there, right? Why don't you start with the "vomiting blood from the stress" part? Remove "academia", which is a feeder for both startups and industry --- disproportionately favoring industry, of course. Now, defend your argument. Maybe we should start with processor cores? I hear there's some open source HDL you can download for that. Or how about routing algorithms? Let me help you with that: Apple. The c2 wiki was inspired by Hypercard. Speaking of Rorshach Tests. Your example of a CS advance isn't. Wikipedia is an application of a PHP script designed 5 years before the site launched. But you probably wrote that comment using a CPU that is the product of N generations of CPU research at Intel corporation. Hmm. Pretty sure Unix is universally credited to Bell Labs, originated in another operating system built by Bell Labs, and received substantial funding from Bell Labs. If your best argument is that Unix is an example of non-corporate research because Richie started it in his spare time, you don't have much of a case. Ouch. You seem to think Ethernet, Postscript, and C are inapplicable to modern computer science. Where did you go to school? Union bylaws obligate me to point out that with a similar expenditure of effort and planning, you could "raise" more than twice as much money as a YC "round" by consulting for a month, and then simply start your company. The market does not care whether your friends are "top quality players" who make important contributions. You are not a unique snowflake. If your product or service offering works, you will win. I see this argument a lot from YC fans, but I never see the two big problems with it addressed: (1) The overwhelming majority of VC A-rounds don't go to YC companies. (2) A majority of YC companies don't seem to get funded --- defined here as "an A round of over $1MM". Graham knows more about (2) than I can claim to, and I could be wrong, but my sense of it is that I am not. The normal route to funding for News.YC readers seems to be: (1) Bootstrap (2) Prototype (3) Customers (4) Adult Supervision (5) Funding (4) --- a CEO who knows how to talk to VC --- sounds demeaning, until you realize that it pales in comparison to (5), which dominates both the normal and the YC graph (note edge to (0) FAILURE at every vertex). You know what's harder than getting motivated, and networking with successful entrepreneurs? Everything else about running a company. With the caveat that you shouldn't really give a shit about what I think, my objection to this process is that it turns starting a company into yet another "thing you apply to", like college and grad school and a job at Google. Starting up is simultaneously much easier than YC can make it sounds like, and much harder. 6% of 0 is 0, so you've picked an attractive time to make that argument. Your readers should just know that 6 months after starting their company, 6% of their company is 1-6 rock star team members. It could also be $1-6MM in a reasonable happy outcome. I'm not trying to debate whether YC is a good deal; I'm objecting to the idea of spending more time and effort applying to YC than building an offering. It is much easier to figure out what percentage of VC A-rounds go to YC companies than it is to apply to YC: VCs publish their portfolios, often before companies even launch. We did pretty much that when we started: http://www.matasano.com/f38a0ad3a3d5c1a4a666.png (n.b.: large). Instead of YC A-rounds, we were looking for security A-rounds. It took a few hours. This is very OCD, but hey, you can spend a few hours doing nothing on IRC. My point is, I think your numbers are wrong, and no way do 10% of all A-rounds go to YC companies. Do YC companies have a 50% chance of getting an A-round within 12 months? I guess Graham can tell us. Most entrepreneurs would not give up 6% for a 10-fold chance in simply getting funded. You will find this hard to believe, but I'll report it to you firsthand: some companies turn down the opportunity to get funded. We haven't even gotten into the terms discussion. Say 50% of YC'ers get funded. What percentage of them get good deals, and what percentage get tranched, 3x prefs, tiny valuation, and loss of the board? 0% of bootstrapped companies have those problems. Late edit: there are more than 100 VCs on that radial chart. So much for 10/100=10%. I started to object to this with a reductionist argument about what wikis actually are, but thought the better of it and concede the point. Ward's wiki is a good example of an indie CS advance. This is all besides the point --- I think it's interesting to think critically about YC, but really, who cares? I'm saying, to the person who said "I wish it was that easy", it is exactly that easy. Most of the companies YC "funds" don't need VC to start up, which is good, because YC doesn't give you that kind of money anyways. There are lots of paths to success. Look at virtually any Mac software startup; none of them get VC, and they accomplish ridiculous things. Which is harder to build, Reddit or Quicksilver? Reddit was Graham's "hello world" for Arc. People spend a lot of time trying to sound slick for investors. You may find that customers are more forgiving of your rough edges. Either way, real investors are going to be a lot more convinced by your traction than your talk. If the first month is critical, you're probably picking a crappy segment to chase. Yeah, the window's closing on social networks. Go do something else. Is there any evidence, at all, that YC "sponsorship" improves deal quality ? "Most" YC startups don't take A rounds (Graham). About 50% of those that try to, fail (Graham). If YC takes 20, and we generously assume 9 of them go for A-rounds, and 5 of them obtain them, what percentage of them get good valuations? How many YC "sessions" have there been so far? If each produces 4-5 funded companies 6 months later, this isn't a hard question to answer. For instance, most companies publish their boards of directors. Let's see which ones got screwed. What's more true is that pairwise, no two of these roles really understand each other. Commenters here talk as if no successful business was ever started by a sharp businessperson who hired software developers. Clearly, many such businesses exist. Amazon. Also, Intuit. And, Wikipedia. And YouTube. Can Dick Costello code? I can't remember (he's a really nice guy, though). No? Feedburner. Hurley was CEO, and received more shares than the other two founders. YouTube was founded with Hurley's money. We can argue about the other two; I feel like I'll lose Intuit but win Amazon, but who knows. Not worth it. I think my point stands. I didn't even read this whole post all the way through, but I'll tell you that I have several friends who have interned at Cisco, and more who have taken full time jobs there for a time, and based on those sources, go to the startup. Rogue Wave isn't a startup; they've been around since the early 90's. The best medical evidence is always published "exclusively in the Independent on Sunday". Scheme's "false". I think the exact same thing about GPL software. When I secretly embed it in my products, I'm using code that nobody was going to make money on anyways. But by putting a shiny UI on top of it, I can! Nobody loses, and I win. We're not starting this now, are we? At least use the primary source, not Graham's superficial rehash: http://www.nizkor.org/features/fallacies/ In the GPL case, who is being hurt, when the (a) the GPL violator wouldn't have contributed to the project anyways, and (b) the GPL provider wouldn't have collected any money? It's not a vague comparison; it's a cliche, about copyvio apologists tending to want it both ways. My point wasn't "guilty by association", though given the reputation of the original source, I can see how it would be read that way. My point is that progress in the medical sciences isn't charted through "exclusive reports" to newspapers. As anyone who clicks through the link you've helpfully provided will note, this is a story based on a white paper, not a peer-reviewed journal article. I'm sorry, I don't know offhand what the "DH" code is for the error this newspaper article made. I suspect it's a high number. 23, perhaps. The notion that brain surgeons are automatically qualified to conduct and evaluate complex biomedical research in oncology and neurology strikes me as approximately as valid as the idea that skilled software developers are automatically qualified to evaluate cryptosystems, compression algorithms, or semiconductor process technology. You need help finding a reliable source? Let me help: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Journal_of_Clinical_Oncology I did not like this post. Of his four insights: * two of them are common to almost all high-level languages (Python, Ruby, and Tcl all have regular syntax that deliberately improves on C/C++, and dynamic types practically define "scripting" languages), * one of them is spurious (Visual Studio programmers don't care how much precious memory they waste as long as Intellisense keeps working, and plenty of C programmers use vim), and * the only insight here that has enough valence to be interesting --- on the scoping and binding rules of variables --- is covered so superficially that it's hard to tell whether the author actually understands what he's saying. You mean "learning lisp" didn't teach you enough to evaluate Python's closures, or Ruby's block/lambda idiom? This article won't be a total loss if it prompts somebody to write a more knowledgeable and useful article on the lessons a Lisp education brings to bear on modern languages. I'd love to read that. A few simple axioms and a whole lot of C code . While noting that nobody else is going to toot your horn for you, I'll say that cryptography was just the first thing to come into my head, for obvious reasons. I can't tell from the tone of your comment, but if you've worked in semiconductors, cancer research, and cryptography, let me be the first to proclaim that you have a bad-ass resume. So then, I made a half-assed analogy: programmer : semiconductor engineer :: surgeon : researcher Was I talking out of my ass? Because of the three CS fields I mentioned, I barely work in one of them. =) Sorry, there appears to be an incompatibility between us. Whereas you've wired your brain directly to Paul Graham's website, my thoughts and ideas are in fact dictated by a combination of Eric Sink and Joel Spolsky. Because we are parroting different web personalities, I see little chance for us to resolve this debate. I humbly suggest that we simply agree to disagree. I don't accept your premise that the content downloaded on Torrent networks would otherwise not be paid for. So I'm going to go with, "the producers of content are hurt". So your argument is, even though a significant fraction of the market acquires a movie for free (the "vast good" the torrent networks do, in your view), the downloads don't depress the market value of the movie. In other words, when supply goes to "infinite", demand is unaffected. Your ideas are intriguing to me and I wish to subscribe to your newsletter. You forgot the words "the illusion of". Addressing your points in the opposite order: #3 may be true for C# development; I read a lot of C#, but don't write it. But I did spend 4 years writing a significant amount of systems C++ code in VC++, and --- at least 8 years ago --- VC++ was significantly better than any comparable C environment. We can get into a tit-for-tat on it versus, e.g. GCC, but I feel like one way to lose a programming environment shoot-out is to imply that Microsoft half-asses that part of the business. Regarding #2, you seem to be sticking up for the author's implication that Ruby has "complex" syntax compared to Lisp. Clearly, most languages have more "idiosyncracies" (here defined as: "notation of any sort") than Lisp. That doesn't make Lisp's austerity an interesting lesson to take to other languages; it is, in fact, the major failure of Lisp. There is a notion, unaddressed in the original post but far more important than any of that post's insights, that obsessively regular syntax is crucial to metaprogramming. Even defined down to "true macros", this is simply folk wisdom: you can get "Lisp-style macros" out of any language that gives you access to an abstract syntax tree. Finally, call the two "mainstream" high level languages Ruby and Python (relegating Perl and PHP to uh, different, uh, categories). Both share the type system the author appreciates in Lisp. You haven't asked a question since I answered your last specious one [1], but if you do, you can expect a response in the same tone. [1] Specious point: because we cannot pinpoint the parties harmed by our unauthorized use of other people's content, we should assume, until proven otherwise, that any such use is harmless. So, because you can't reason through who is harmed by GPL copyvio (hint: the developer and the community), by your logic, we should stop enforcing the GPL. I like s-expressions too, but --- and I'm asserting this without a shred of evidence, appealing to the better angels of your common sense --- most developers, Peter Norvig notably included, believe other languages benefit from having more notation. For one thing, to a point, increasing the level of notational "richness" of a language improves comprehensibility of code. My answer remains as it was before: the producers of content, who sell to a dwindling number of honest buyers as a result of a growing number of dishonest freeloaders who believe content should be priced at its marginal cost. That's an externality of downloading and using content you would not otherwise pay for. But I think this argument is a red herring. Fewer people today buy DVDs, now that they can be easily downloaded. Ten years from now --- barring the success of BD+ --- it will be trivial to download DVDs, and fewer people still will buy them. I don't think reasonable people dispute this fact. The drop in content revenue comes directly out of the hide of the content producers. The issue isn't "the people who wouldn't buy the content anyways". The people who gorge themselves on content they wouldn't otherwise buy don't buy any content . It's ironic that they excuse themselves by taking yet more illicit content. I don't understand your argument. You seem to be saying that nobody is "hurt" by your download, because the marginal cost to the copyright owner is zero. But that's true of all downloads, not just yours. By your logic, how are producers ever compensated? The answer to your question is, everybody is hurt, because every illicit download robs content creators of the incentive to create, and content producers of the incentive to distribute. It's clear that in your case, when you download a movie you have no intention of buying, the stolen incentive is not great. But it is not zero: your download clearly helps establish the climate that facilitates other downloads (for instance, by drawing ad revenue to torrent search engines, or simply by creating the social proof that enables otherwise honest people to rationalize downloading). In the end, even insults to the market as small as yours can become overwhelming when multiplied by the tens of millions of actors. I concede that you can define an arbitrary set of circumstances where, in a vacuum, you download a file without perturbing the universe in any measurable way. This isn't a starting point for drawing conclusions until you answer the question of "how those circumstances could ever occur". Furthermore, it's not persuasive. You're avoiding the obvious fact that these innocuous downloads --- those that not only involve people who would not pay for content, but who are also so hygienic in their downloading practices that they do not contribute to the climate --- are a tiny minority of all downloads. Finally, if we've really arrived at the crux of your argument --- that you can personally define one form of illicit download that imposes no costs on society --- then you've already lost the "debate" (such as it is). We're talking about Torrentspy, a huge contributor to the climate you're meticulously and artificially trying to avoid helping. I'm referring to Norvig's comments on Arc, which suggest more notation (albeit notation that remains isomorphic to sexps). Respectfully, you might start by remembering what you originally said, considering the plain meaning of your words, and the context in which you say them. In this case, you begun this thread by referring to the "vast amount of good" that "sites like" Torrentspy do. Your other argument seems to be that we shouldn't concern ourselves with the costs inflicted by torrent sites, because they are small --- "not even half of the downloads" directly rob producers of revenue. I don't care to chase that argument down. If you believe your argument is persuasive, I have good news for you: you needn't bother paying your taxes, either. The marginal cost to the government of losing Bruce Lewis' tax revenue is very nearly zero. In fact, if everyone like you stopped paying taxes, we'd be no worse off. Under your argument's rubric, I can see no reason for us to trouble ourselves with the task of collecting taxes from Scheme web developers at all. How? http://www.archub.org/arcsug.txt How do they do that without contributing to other infringements by people who would pay? You ignored the other ways in which one illicit downloader contributes to other downloaders, and ignored the original point, which is that torrent sites like Torrentspy do not obviously do "vast amounts of good", as you originally claimed. Do you feel like your arguments are convincing? All freeloading is vastly good for the freeloaders, Kevin. Do we need to go through the pointless excercise of demonstrating all the instances of freeloading that you aren't comfortable with? How is it "good" for people to get things they place a value of zero dollars on? How does that "good" outweigh the damage they do by disincentivizing content creation? If infinitessimally small costs are OK in the case of torrents, as you say they are, why vaccinate your children? That, too, imposes a tiny cost on everyone else. Why pay your taxes? Why not send spam? Your spam messages impose a tiny cost on everyone, compared to the major spam factories. The entire point of copyright is to prevent freeloading; see Posner. Without protection, a rational market bids the price of content down to its marginal cost, which is zero. In a market that prices content at zero, no content is created. Freeloaders hurt everyone. The GPL case and the movie case are identical. The same argument can be made for both that a single marginal case of infringement imposes negligable costs. Reasonable people could disagree, unless/until Norvig clarifies, but I'm going to take his apparent conversion to Python as evidence that Norvig is not a sexpr fanatic. Your argument is incoherent. It observes that, at $70,000, a BMW M5 is priced too high for me to buy it. So, I should simply take it, blaming BMW for mispricing it. Consider the Macbook, instead of the Pro; the extra thousand dollars doesn't really buy you that much. One of the best things about the current Apple portable line is that you can always buy the cheapest (at around $1100) and still get an excellent machine. That's true, but that's what monitors are for. The times when you can't easily have a large external monitor are precisely the times when you don't want a big, unweildy laptop. I find the Macbook screen is a nice balance. Uh, hello? Almost any one of Microsoft's mainstream product lines is bigger than Facebook. Office vs. Facebook? Office. Windows vs. Facebook? Windows. Xbox vs. Facebook? Xbox. MSN Search vs. Facebook? Probably MSN Search. Congratulations are due to Facebook for managing to scale their one product, pre-business-model, without H1-B's. I'm not an advocate for H1-B visas (though we could have a spirited debate about their merits vs. offshoring), but this is a pretty silly article. Then you're dismissing the entire argument against them. The primary problem people have with H1Bs isn't protectionism, it's that H1Bs are held hostage by their employers (even after 2000, it is tricky for many visa holders to change jobs and retain legal working status). The result is that the market for H1B labor is corrupted in favor of employers, perverting the fair market wage for developers. Prior to 2000, there were all sorts of horror stories about poorly trained tech workers living in dorms working for half the prevailing wage; they were probably not all made up. Sure I do. I just don't want special-interest employer exemptions from immigration law that deliberately creates an artifically cheap supply of temp workers. The alternative to H1B is offshoring, which is clearly worse than immigration. Where'd you come in from, and who placed you? To round out the data point you provided. Sorry for sounding terse. This is getting really old, really quick. ... and if so, why? Fact of life? Plied with alcohol, I could provide multiple anecdotes about VCs taking meetings solely to funnel competitive intel to portfolio companies; I did a pitch meeting once where a senior partner for a top tier VC literally ambushed us with a competitor in the room. RscueTime seems like one of the more credible YC startups, with an actual value proposition and a pretty killer initial user experience. After all the YC help, weekly dinners, and demo day, this article says they're still looking for seed funding. Not an A-round; just seed money. You misread the article. He's not arguing against learning new things. He's arguing against learning the specific new things you want him to; he'd rather learn business or security. The unfortunate fact is that if you're optimizing for marketability, you're going to learn PHP, Java, and C++. A real phenomenon: there are people who never get anything done because they are constantly dabbling in the language flavor of the moment. Another real phenomenon: some of the best programmers in the world still rely entirely on C. [Late edit: "and outperform developers in modern languages"]. It's hard to find Ruby talent (I have a Ruby product team). But any clueful employer will hire a strong Python dev for a Ruby slot, any Lisper for pretty much any non-C slot, and even a Java dev if they rockstar their interview. The people who have Ruby slots tend not to keyword screen. The people who have Java slots do (or, at least, their directors do). Even that can be misleading. I share the post's distaste for Java, but I get paid to rip apart cool applications, and lots of them are written in Java --- even more are written in C. That's true across all the verticals. Plenty of 2.0 apps are Java --- including large swaths of Google. Careful about myopia. In the end, the problems you work are are far more important than the language, unless you suck. I'd much rather work on a parser/compiler in Java than a report generator in Ruby. I agree, let's not jump to conclusions. I'd like to see you defend your argument, that "underdabblers outnumber the overdabblers". Control for talent, please. Clearly there are thousands of VB forms developers out there; let's stick with the people working on interesting problems. I'm not sure I'm sold on the idea of a spam countermeasure that can be defeated on the command line with sed. People who work without pay for equity at the beginning of the company are founders. See: every other post on YC about "how to recruit cofounders". The risks involved in seed-stage, pre-revenue private company shares are spectacular. Management can and usually will drastically reduce the value of early shares throughout the life of the company. That risk is over and above the fact that your company will, like all startups, likely fail. You didn't say this, but let's assume you're talking about developers: they bill $100/hr. You're trying to sell them shares for "maybe as little as" $1000 a week. The answer to that problem is: "give them a lot of shares". The easier answer, which will work better than equity, is to open source. We've had "brand name" advisors before. I suppose you think of them like decals on NASCAR cars. The question ought to be, "did anyone on Hacker News ever get any benefit out of having advisors?" The leaders in the space are Sandvine and Cisco, and Arbor (my old employer) just bought their way in by nabbing Ellacoya. The answer in the general case is, "stuff that looks substantially like libpcap". It's all written in C, surprise! On the very high end, or in very specialized cases, you'll find: * FPGA regexers, OEM'd from a couple common vendors, that compile DFAs into gates. * Multicore "network processors" with MIPS cores and fast custom memory busses. * Blades that connect into the backplanes of (ubiquitous) Cat6k switches to intercept traffic. By and large, this is a systems design problem, not an algorithms challenge. To appreciate that, you have to get the context for this WaPo story, which includes the fact that the story is totally overblown and ISPs are not reading your email or web traffic, but rather trying to figure out how to commercialize a "fast-path" network product for bulk P2P/streaming media customers. This is not a battle between cipherpunks and the NSA. It's a battle between BitTorrent and cable Internet providers. I assert without evidence or significant analysis, but with some past experience: the products WaPo is talking about are used almost exclusively for two purposes: * To enable ISPs to build "fast-path" offerings for "premium" Internet access for streaming media. * To ratchet down the incredibly painful impact that BitTorrent and other "always-on" file sharing applications are having on ISP networks. The irony is, the high-end products WaPo is talking about are the least applicable to NSA-style spying. The code handling the packets that AT&T shunted to NSA is crappy vanilla pcap; any of us could write it. Network Algorithmics is an awesome book; it's been recommended here before. But I don't think most of the DPI products use advanced packet classification algorithms. No product I've worked on has; it's pretty much, "that's port 80, so use the HTTP decode". There's classification done for binning and accounting, but it's pretty brute force. Narus is a DPI vendor, but not of the type WaPo is talking about. They provide "lawful" (read, "unlawful") intercept for traffic that has already been classified and diverted. I stopped reading when I saw "Code Complete". (1) This is very old news. (2) If you are using MD5 OR SHA1 directly in any way, you almost certainly have systems problems that are much scarier than Xiaoyung Wang's attack. If you're doing things right, this stuff shouldn't make any difference. I actually like Code Complete, too. But my point is, I doubt anyone ever became a better hacker for reading it. Compare to the Dragon book, which, if you haven't read a book on compilers, is virtually guaranteed to make you better. Once again, with feeling: goods and services aren't priced based on their cost to the provider. They are priced based on what the market values them at. Analyses like this are silly. The marginal cost of a single SMS message is effectively zero. Why compare them to ISP rates? Those are arbitrary too. Take the argument to its logical conclusion and SMS should be free. I agree! I would be interested in seeing you defend this argument. What's better about your favorite mobile market? Price needn't track cost, especially in technology. Services are often deployed with low margins for the provider, with the expectation that margins will drop over time as technology gets cheaper. Consumers benefit from this if it means they get access to new technology at a lower price than they would if margins were held constant. Providers don't jack up prices just to piss you off. They do it because you will pay. The carriers are not running an SMS cartel that keeps prices high. Won't somebody please think of the parsers?! Well, this was interesting. My team just finished a Rails project that used Racc extensively (with multiple different grammars), made extensive use of cryptography, and spent several weeks up on blocks being tuned with ruby-prof. Obviously, it also used ranges, keyword arguments (like every other Ruby program ever written ), strings and string conversions, blocks, private methods, and yes, even Unicode. I did notice that the documentation for these features was lacking. What I didn't realize was how much Ruby sucked, compared to Python. I am now steeling myself to begin typing "self" in front of every instance variable, write ten lines of code every time I need a "method_missing", fish the gettimeofday equivalent out of 19 different libraries that return and manage time, re-learn whether I want to call popen, popen2, popenN, or create a Popen class, wrap my data types up in a list when I need code to close over them, condense all my anonymous functions to single expressions to work around Python's accidental support for lambdas (which, according to GvR, are evil), write my oh-so-thread-safe-code for an interpreter that serializes around a global interpreter lock, pretend that my classes have private methods by naming them differently, just like I do in my object-oriented C code, marvel over the amazing things I can accomplish with "generators", continue to format strings using "printf" semantics the way Kernighan and Richie want me to, and track down bugs that are literally invisible due to semantic whitespace. Can't. Wait. You know what I miss most? Twisted. From an ex-Pythonista a year in to Ruby, point-by-point: * Ruby's Unicode support is indeed inferior to Python's; unlike Python, you need to explicitly use library calls to work with UTF-16 strings. Python does indeed bake this in to the language. * I don't use multiline regexps. On the other hand, I do use normal regexps, all the time, and the fact that I don't have to call out to a library to use them, or deal with special "match" objects with their own API, is a plus. Ruby has more natural support for regular expressions than Python, where regular expressions are an afterthought. * Ruby's documentation sucks. Full stop. * I have no idea why I'm meant to care about what this guy thinks of Ruby 1.9 or Ruby 2.0. There's a Ruby 2.0? * Python is way faster than Ruby. Not by a little bit. * Ruby's scoping rules are a dream compared to Python's; it support real closures, instance variables and methods with encapsulation, and coroutines that were designed for more than just iteration. * Ruby and Python are equivalent when it comes to internal consistency. Python delegates virtually everything to a sprawling standard library for which there is, most certainly, "more than one way to do it". Calling out the difference between "print" and "puts" is particularly amusing if you know how Python handles the same distinction. * Ruby has a cleaner object model than Python, where virtually every feature of the language appears to have been built by exposing the raw symbol table to the language. The simplest way to observe the difference is by taking an existing class and wrapping it with an object that catches all method invocations, a la "method_missing". * Both Ruby and Python support keyword arguments by giving functions a dictionary type of keyword/value pairs; Ruby has the added benefit of a Symbol type, like Lisp and Smalltalk. No Ruby program fails to use them. * I'm guessing about, oh, zero people on Hacker News give a shit about SAP support. * I never noticed that Ruby didn't print the actual line of code that threw an exception. It's true! Python does! I never noticed that, either! That's pretty neat. * Apparently, despite having been largely ported from Rails, Pylons is more mature than Rails. Awesome. Your "bug" is lexical scoping? They create new scopes, and close over the their enclosing environment. In other words, it supports both block-local variables and closures. Of course there is: if you couldn't access variables in the enclosing scopes, blocks would be drastically less useful. Ruby uses anonymous functions where Python would use a loop construct. Reason 1: Because they make code easier to read. Purely subjective. I strongly disagree; Ruby is more concise, and ivar access is clearly seperate from method calls. Reason 2: Because Python will allow you to "cast" self to a superclass to grant explicit access to its variables. Ruby doesn't have this problem. Reason 3: Because Python would rather overload the keyword "self" than allocate a sigil (@). You are really not stuck with Rails if you're using Ruby. This isn't a fair critique. "You can buy a good book" is not a valid response to "Ruby's documentation sucks". I have all those books, and I don't feel compensated for Ruby's crappy documentation. Ruby people should be more candid about the performance situation, which is a catastraphuck. It is worth it, it will probably get better, and raw performance isn't that important for I/O bound apps, but Ruby is noticeably slower than pretty much all its competitors. Liquidation preferences are always important, regardless of size; if your prospective employer has taken 5 and is only doing 1-2 in revenue, prefs will still keep you from making more than a token amount. They also often have multipliers attached. This article advises employees to exercise their shares as soon as they are vested as long as they're bullish on the company. I know several people who've been fucked over doing this. The thing you need to remember is, your private-company common shares grant basically no enforceable rights. Put aside the company failing, which is an obvious risk that you already knew about. Assume the company does moderately well, and is sold at a premium. There is nothing that practicably prevents the company from diluting shares at that point and distributing the new shares among current employees, to the disfavor of everyone who left. In fact, that seems to happen regularly. Companies get sold, and non-employee non-VC stockholders get nothing because of how the deal is structured. Because? You can't pass more than one block literal to a method. But you can certainly pass multiple blocks; they're objects, just like anything else. Just add the token "lambda" to your expression: def foo(x, y); x.call(y.call); end foo(lambda {|x| 2+x}, lambda {1}) # => 3 It seems to me that in this case, the language degrades to approximately the same level as Common Lisp. This definitely does seem like the Top 10 Traits of a Rockstar Java Developer. Agile, unit tested, gang of four patterns, refactored, usability-engineered. I guess my favorite part is that it ends in "knows basic computer science". Yeah, that's good to know. Also, the rest of computer science can come in handy. But definitely, read Getting Things Done and Refactoring first; that'll definitely be more helpful than LALR parsing for getting forms hooked up to databases. Consider that you aren't his audience; his is a blog constellation that includes mostly young and amateur designers, where the notion of whether there are hard-and-fast rules for setting in serif or sans is in dispute. Lots of good programming posts are similarly unintelligible to people who don't code. Consider also that the notion of typesetting that he's discussing is different than yours: if you're a typical Hacker News reader, you want to know how to make a good looking web app template. A designer often gets many weeks for a single project, during which they may be working with the final content, and may very well print out several roughs and tack them to the wall to look at. The post quotes Bringhurst, and if you haven't already, you should go buy that book immediately. It's one of those rare books that manages to marry craft and science with evocative writing; compare, favorably, to Graham's "coiled up" functional programs stretched painfully into imperative code from On Lisp. Like I said earlier, our app parses with racc, does cryptography, and a fair bit of analysis. It is not heavily database dependent. Most of our I/O is memcached. I assert without evidence that Ruby's performance deficits have in fact bit us. This is confusing, because Lisp doesn't have the literal notation you're talking about. Since Ruby supports arbitrary lambdas using "lambda" notation (something Python does not support), it seems like Ruby's syntax can only be be better than Lisp's in this regard. For your snarky "for once" comment, you owe me a response to this: withholding distaste for the term "rock star", rock star devs: 1. Can estimate accurately. 2. Can solve problems involving graphs. 3. Can frame and solve problems compiler-theoretically, including parsing, domain-specific languages, and virtual machines. 4. Can code bare metal and understand the memory hierarchy well enough to know when that makes sense. 5. Can assess whether a problem is going to be compute bound or IO bound and plan accordingly. 6. May or may not write code that is easy to read ("maintainable"), but tend to write code that is extensible. 7. Understand caching, load balancing, and compression. 8. Can work with large data sets. 9. May or may not formally unit test, but can debug fast and can design code to be debugged. 10. Steal ideas from other strong projects (implying also that they read and evaluate other people's code). Obvious caveats: I'm not one, but lists like this are always biased. "A rock star developer looks exactly like the ideal me!". Like with the original list, I could easily put a book to each of these. A comment thread with nothing but people's lists would be fun to read. Today, I'm writing in Python, because Python has interfaces to the Win32 COM object for WinDbg's KD.EXE, and trying to make that interface work in Ruby cost me a day of x86 runtime code generation. I'm not hating it, because despite all the stupid arguments, Python and Ruby are basically the same language. But why do I still use Ruby? Because builtin Unicode doesn't matter to me that much, I can often answer questions from the Ruby source code faster than I can from Python's hard-to-search documentation, evented code in Ruby and Python is equivalently fast and everything else I do in C, and none of the other complaints from this article were valid. Against those points, Ruby's block construct is a huge win. The syntax isn't meant to be "a better lambda". The syntax is meant to recast other language functions, like looping and iteration, in terms of messages and anonymous functions. Since idiomatic Ruby basically never has "for" loops, despite their easy availability in the language, I'm going to go ahead and call the "block" expiriment successful. That book takes an unfair beating. I think I could still lose an argument defending it, but if you really want to consider the concept fully, you have to take into account: - Alexander's "The Timeless Way Of Building", from which it borrows the concept of defining a vocabulary of design based on small, proven ideas applied fluidly --- where the GoF misfired was that Alexander's book has hundreds of patterns, and they only have like 15, which made the GoF patterns seem more brittle and simplistic than the concept they were talking about really is. Go read Alexander before laughing at Patterns. - The extended "Patterns" movement, which can only be an improvement over (gag) OOPSLA --- for a credible application of the idea, see Schmidt's Pattern-Oriented Network Software books. Schmidt (of ACE/TAO infamy) managed to use the Pattern concept to discuss some valuable ideas in concurrency and distributed systems, and I still refer back to those books. No. When you publish and promote an application, it is fair game. That Campfire (which we use and pay for) is so easily reproduced as a side project is a problem 37Signals has, not a problem for other teams. I played with HuddleChat and the interface similarities are apparent; however, HuddleChat is not a class-for-class, id-for-id knockoff of Campfire. Add to that the fact that most of the design of Campfire is obvious; the only distinctly 37Signals-ish aspect of it is minimalism. If you (fairly) started a project with the goal of being "at least as functional as Campfire", it's easy to see why you'd end up with something that looked similar. I agree that block syntax should semantically result in expression evaluating to a Proc object. This would be great: y = {|x| x} # => # I agree that block syntax could therefore be greater than it is. I disagree that you can fairly knock Ruby for this, since blocks and implicit block arguments are still better than what you get in other languages. Can it possibly be true that it's more substantive to comment on the tone of an argument than the authority of the the arguer? Most arguments have coded appeals to authority in them. Also: if they're willing to backchannel this to reporters, they should have the stones to say it on their (hugely popular) blog. I find this to be a useful assessment of PHP: http://www.tnx.nl/php This isn't a Google application. It's a side project --- and, design aside, a totally obvious side project --- of a couple Google developers. Do you really want to single them out for attacking 37Signals? As for the non-obviousness of Campfire's design, defend the argument. When Campfire was launched, it wasn't launched as a pioneering new chat interface. I don't see what's particularly interesting about it. This is actually not what "clean room" means. On three seperate occasions, startups I've had key roles in lost or complicated deals because of technology decisions, including: * Relying on a nonstandard runtime environment to run an xp codebase on Unix and Windows. * Using Tcl anywhere in our product . * Shipping an appliance on BSD Unix instead of Linux. My markets tend to be different from YC markets. For a web app, your stack may not make much of a difference. Or it might. I don't have data points on people not caring that you're using Araneida to deliver a web app; in every bizdev situation I've been in, the technology stack has been a topic of discussion. It looks to me like Google has bought web apps from every stack. FeedBurner was a J2EE app! If you have a zillion users or a key feature Google wants, I have a hard time believing Python is going to be a major issue. They "care" when they accept you. Before that, not so much. These are problems people have with all VC, not just YC. I agree. If you're serious, bootstrap. Continuing the reasoning of the original comment: have you funded a lot of early stage companies, or worked with people who do? The answer to this is probably obvious, but, can someone sell my on why I want mod_rails? What's wrong with the tag-team app server / web server architecture? I have a question: does anyone ever do this? Work for "equity"? The math problem on this is pretty straightforward: N hours of design time (especially when the deliverable is HTML/CSS comps) is easy to price, and there's a huge chance your startup equity is going to be worth zero. Also, just a tip: knowledge of C# and C++ is probably not a plus in a designer. =) Neat! Do you agree fully with the SnapTalent article about YC? Two ways to address that problem in the real world: (1) Use a templating system that uses "designer-friendly" markup. There are lots of them. (2) Allocate cycles to take static HTML and integrate them into your code. That's what most of my products have done; I want designers designing, not integrating. Wow, and now I feel dumb! I read your bio, but missed the SnapTalent thing. Anyone can bootstrap. Funny. Listen to what Graham himself says: if you have customers, nobody cares what your pedigree is. Most successful companies don't come through YC. Most funding sources --- top tier VC included --- don't come with real PR benefits. YC does. But it's not proven that you need it. What are you talking about, applications or companies? If by "bootstrap" you mean "build an app in your spare time while holding down a full-time job in IT at Wells Fargo", you win the argument. If by "bootstrap" you mean "build a company without funding", implying making payroll, I think you're nuts. It's at the very least incredibly scary to bootstrap a company. Why, because the market will reject appropriately priced goods and services from people without Princeton on their resume? Presumably the same tar pit Craig Newmark is drowning in. It's a cool story; why'd you delete it? You did not provide a service by snipping the first fifth off a good article in The Atlantic, just so readers could skip to the part where they start talking about the guy who started Citrix. This whole story is really interesting; it involves entrepreneurship in one of our least agile, most fucked up industries (air travel). If you've done a lot of business travel, it also (I hope) has some emotional resonance, because business air travel is an abusive experience. I started following James Fallows after I heard him on NPR talking about "Free Flight", a book I recommend even though it wasn't particularly predictive. "Free Flight" is a book about the Cirrus SR-20 and the Eclipse E500; the former is a short-hop prop plane with advanced navigation and a whole-plane parachute, the second is an ultra-efficient jet the size of an SUV. Both are trying to establish an "air taxi" market for short-hop flights between underused airports. I love the idea of being able to drive to a tiny airport, walk up to a counter, show my ID, go right out to a small waiting airplane, and being in the air 5 minutes later. That somewhat interesting software is being used to price the legs ($300-$1200 now, 1-2 orders of magnitude below charter, on par with business class or full-fare coach now) seems like a footnote. Both of them switched for political reasons, for what it's worth. If you use and enjoy commercial Mac software, your politics are already somewhat desync'd from theirs. I think it's hard to come up with real examples of where Apple applications really hijack your data, and next to impossible to find examples where they made it harder to get to for no good reason. Yes, and in it, he claims it's easier to keep Ubuntu up to date than it is to keep a Mac up to date. To hell with empirical evidence, look at how simple that command line is! No way is my mom's MacBook that up-to-date! That's awesome. I keep my Mac up to date by... wait, how do I keep it up to date? Let me check, am I up to date? Well, shit, I am! How'd that happen? Glad you have neat buttons and elegant command line tools to do it over in Ubuntu-land. Sounds like a fun project. How's that? No, Shaun, I mean how is being published different from being a "buzz" blogger? Gender bias much? So, this is exactly what we've done. Briefly: (1) The comments saying that it's hard-to-impossible to transition from consulting to product are correct. Two problems: (a) it takes more than just discipline to walk away from money --- it takes reckless speculation, and that's painful; (b) consulting hours don't bucket neatly, and don't schedule neatly, and so you're constantly being disrupted. (2) That said, we now have multiple full-time people working on product, which we're launching soon. The classic consulting model is a pyramid scheme, where people claw their way to "partner" and get fat off profit sharing. In the product-consulting model, instead of setting aside money for partners, you pay full-time devs. This appears to work. If I had to choose between VC and consulting, and my consulting practice was lucrative (ours is: software security billable hours are expensive), I'd do consulting again, even though it cost us a year. Reasons: * I'll trade a year for control over my own destiny. * The year is a false economy, since, for most companies , getting funding takes many speculative months. * There are things about running a consultancy as a business that translate to running a product business, and running a business is a valuable skill. * The networking and customer face time you get from consulting is hugely valuable. * Time to market is simply overrated. But you consult. Do you think you're making a mistake doing that? Or is your web page just out of date? 10 hours billable --- 2 out of 5 work days --- can easily wind up being 20 hours of wall clock time, factoring in ramp-up, off-the-clock support, documentation, non-billable research time, and then the overhead of dropping in and out of your product. Of our original 3-person founding team, excluding all the hires since then, we've found that none of us can keep up with the FT devs, even when we work out one-week scheduling bubbles. This is obviously a classic "flow" problem. I'm from dev originally, not consulting, and I was surprised by how expensive (timewise) services work is. I'm biased to the security software market, but note that it's a market where companies have constantly tried to play the "productize-the-service" card. What I've observed is, this almost never works. In fact, taking a consulting approach to product development (working closely with a first customer) also slowed us down drastically, and our product actually has very little to do with our service (what we're launching has nothing to do with reverse engineering software). There are also some high-profile failures behind our strategy: building a straight-up consultancy to "fund" a full time product group. But then again, who knows? Building a business is hard. It is not like applying to college, where you clear some "acceptance" hurdle and then you do your homework and everything works out. With the best people, the most credible strategy, and even the right market timing, circumstances can still screw you over. Hear that. If you could choose to take a typical predatory VC round, putting a few mil in the bank and losing control of your board, would you trade positions from where you are now? http://www.psprint.com Not thrilled, but easy enough to do. The bar for bcards is low by the way: you want them not to look laser printed, but that's about it. Everyone I talk to loves the first "minicard" someone gives them, and hates every subsequent card. You want your cards to be the standard bcard form factor. I do a lot of face to face selling, and get a lot of cards. Your card is going to get lost in the noise; there are people out there with metal cards, die cut cards, probably glow in the dark neon cards. I wouldn't lose a minute's sleep over yours, as long as it's printed on heavy stock. Here's mine; the back of the card has actually gotten us business. =) http://www.matasano.com/bcfront.png http://www.matasano.com/bcback.png Depends on the customer, but we never bill for rustproofing. Get used to bending over backwards for people who pay you now; good survival skill. Truism: it's the perception of customer service that people appreciate, not the execution of it. Come on. With any complex product, there's always going to be a rhetorical construct where you can claim somebody has a "monopoly". Do you really think you can distribute X86 "routers" running patched IOS, or roll your own car ECU with Bosch's firmware code? Microsoft's anticompetitive behavior wasn't simply forcing strict terms on who could use Windows; it was using Windows as a cudgel to prevent competing software from being installed on hardware it didn't sell. And the other thing we can count on is that we're all going to forget who they are tomorrow. Why would Apple care? We're going to forget who Pystar is when this is over, but we're going to remember Apple, and the fact that market demand for their secret sauce is so high that companies will literally put themselves out of business to get a piece of it. If you're the Pystar marketing department, you probably have very little time to build that strategy while also screwing motherboards into ATX cases and driving boxes over to the FedEx shipping office. Am I missing the other legal barrier Cisco has to prevent people from adapting IOS to aftermarket hardware, though, or is that just EULA? I note with amusement that Cisco has a much more constrictive and anticompetitive monopoly in switching than Microsoft ever had. I'm going to guess that this post has limited interest to this audience (please correct me if I'm wrong). But what may interest you, if you're a dev, is TAOSSA, Mark Dowd, John McDonald and Justin Schuh's awesome Addison-Wesley book on reviewing source code for security problems: http://taossa.com If you code, and there's just one book you're going to put on your shelf to fill the "security" slot, fuck Applied Cryptography (which is going to cause security problems in your code). This book is about as large, and, in stark contrast to Schneier, flipping to any page of it is probably going to improve the security of your product. In the very best case with your company, people like Mark Dowd --- or at least people who've memorized his book --- are what you're up against the moment someone decides your security needs to be reviewed (to take credit card numbers, manage personal information, or get deployed at a Fortune 500 client). Highest possible recommendation. AC is bad. If you implement cryptography and you're not depending on it in some way, you're wasting time. If you do depend on it, you have to get it exactly right. Even people who do that for a living don't know exactly what that means. http://www.matasano.com/log/487/rsa-signature-forgery-explai... Ferguson and Schneier wrote a followup book, "Practical Cryptography", which addresses the shortcomings of "Applied Cryptography" --- it selects the "best" algorithms and protocols to use, and tries to document the pitfalls of actually implementing them in real software. I recommend it with reservations. It's an extremely valuable book, especially if you're a security evaluator looking for crypto vulnerabilities. As an implementation guide, it misses glaring faults that real software constantly introduces. There simply is no by-the-numbers guide to implementing crypto in an application, and doing it wrong is worse than not doing it at all. You are going to have a hard time making a case for a situation where C++ is better than C + Python. Effective STL Programming by Meyers is probably your best bet for comprehension and fluency. Stroustrop is surprisingly good as a walkthrough of the language itself. Modern C++ Design by Alexander Alexendrescu is the best advanced book. Because: (1) doing that would pose its own security risks (2) much of the most sensitive information you send out is unintelligible to laypeople (3) it's just as likely that calling attention to the risk will increase fear as decrease it (4) many common security threats are adept at covering their tracks in system APIs. Good luck handling Google Mail cookies. The fact that a problem is important does not make it tractable. I recommend avoiding this one. Don't be a dick. Those notes were awesome. None of my partners are going to sit through a DHH talk; I was able to cut-paste from this to start a conversation. "His product" is Basecamp, not Campfire; a tiny fraction of their revenue comes from Campfire. Most people would take good odds of running a multi-million dollar business over infinitessimally small odds of flipping and retiring. And he's obviously right about the odds: what percentage of YC companies have flipped? There is a difference between an entrepreneur and a speculator. Hey, you know what? I'm not particularly interested in having a conversation about DHH's company. His company runs fine without my input. I'm also not particularly interested in faithfully replicating all of DHH's ideas. That's why my eyes aren't glued to the screen every time he talks. I'm glad he has an audience. I like him. But I've got a pipeline to help manage. So really, and I'm asking you, Jamie, who gives a shit? My point was, don't snipe at some guy who took the time to write up notes from the talk because his hero worship wasn't total enough to prevent him from doing me a favor. I'm sorry he folded up your favorite player's rookie card and stuck it in his BMX spokes --- that must drive you nuts --- but that writeup gave me a useful idea. I'm going to make a judgement call that says that watching some Flash video of DHH talking isn't going to be worth the billable 25 minutes. I think psychologically, a model that might work better for works like this: a fixed up-front price ($5?), with a no-hassle no-questions-asked one-click refund of all or part of the payment. Eliminates risk for the buyer (here meaning, "whatever makes someone hesitate to pay"), but it's harder to ask for a refund than to take something for free. Every Mac software company works on this model. Campfire is a chat app. I don't think 37Signals sees it as a bulwark against competitors. If HuddleChat integrated with Basecamp and Highrise, maybe they'd take notice. This issue obviously cuts both ways. 2 people at a tiny consulting shop can probably whip up most of what VC-funded 2.0 companies build too. And those consulting companies don't have boards of directors that will flip out and fire the management team when that happens. That's easy. No VC will fund a Mac app. It's just Darwinism. We sell to large enterprises almost exclusively. It's "different" than selling to consumers, but not "harder". Longer sales cycle, higher average deal size. GitHub and Lighthouse are two examples of unproven products. 37signals makes millions of dollars a year, which is what makes them credible. Hundreds of users, you say! Tell me right now that the talk establishes that GitHub and Lighthouse are financially successful (cash flow positive after investment) and I will: * Apologize * Watch the video I don't think I'm going to have to do either. The point I'm trying to make is, just because geeks love something (like, inexplicably, GitHub) doesn't mean it's necessarily a financial success. Also: hundreds of end-users? A tiny customer base. You're probably right about all of this. I'm obviously in DHH's camp: after several VC-funded startups, including an abortive attempt to weasel VC for our current venture, we're bootstrapping and aiming to build what we want, not what VC's tell us they want. It's the orthodoxy that gets me. "You can't cite DHH's speech without watching it in its entirety! You can't talk to your team about DHH without everyone sitting down and watching it! What would PG think?" And yet, at the same time, we're willing to toss around totally unsubstantiated factoids about the success of brand new Rails apps as proof of a business model. Rant off. Tcl had a bunch of things going for it that made it an excellent embedding language: a lightweight runtime, simple, consistent semantics, and (for the time) an excellent C API. RSA isn't an end-user conference right now; for the majority of the vendor dollars spent, the prospects are: * Fortune 500 director/security people * OEM partners * The trade press If you have a different target, it has always been dumb to shell out for RSA. So, I disagree with the premise of Schneier's post, and with the conclusion. Nobody is trying to sell anti-lock brakes to grandma (at least, nobody serious). They're trying to: * Sell them to Ford * Sell them to Enterprise Rent-A-Car * Sell them to Progressive Insurance * Sell them to Car & Driver Because why? You didn't make an argument, you just recited the premise of DHH's argument. Give me a break. I lived in San Francisco for a bunch of years, starting after my first company got bought out --- I've experienced the city both totally flush with cash and living paycheck to paycheck. Allow me to retort: * Public transportation in the Bay Area is a shambles, and, in particular, getting between any two points in the (tiny) city of San Francisco involves interaction with the worst bus system in the country. * Housing is spectacularly expensive, which, in hacker teams, simply means you're going to be living in half the space you have now, with no amenities. * Office space in San Franscisco? I already spent the modifier "spectacular", so let's go with "catastrophically" expensive, meaning: your office won't be in the city, it will be in San Mateo, which despite its relative proximity to the city, will still be an hour and a half commute. Unlucky enough to wind up in Santa Clara? I was. My commute from SOMA often exceeded two hours each way . * Half to 3/4s of your friends are going to live in the South Bay. No matter where you choose to live --- San Francisco or the suburban Mallhalla of the South Bay --- you are going to be 45 minutes to an hour away from anyone you want to visit. * An ongoing dispute between the dispatchers, the city, and medallion owners keeps taxicabs artificially scarce, so that you are going to wait 20 minutes to catch one on Folsom or downtown. * There isn't one good place in the city to see a show, but that doesn't matter, because your favorite band skips San Francisco. * Last call in San Francisco? Earlier than other cities. * Weather? Choose between "brown" or "wet". * Streets? Laden with human feces and garbage. Am I being hyperbolic? No. Almost any other city in the country, save Los Angeles, can lay a better claim to being a destination for long-term lifestyle companies than San Francisco. I don't know. Why don't you ask FeedBurner? Wow. For that argument to make sense, all you have to do is get bought by Google. I'm glad you enjoy paying $2000 a month for a 600sqft San Francisco studio, sutro. I think it would be amusing to many of us to see you defend the argument about San Francisco's diverse political persuasions. I suppose there probably is a distinction to be drawn between crony machine liberalism and impotent outrage liberalism. Please check your gender bias at the login page. Not at all true! The difference between the Chicago hacker scene and the San Francisco hacker scene is, you have to go out of your way to find the Chicago hacker scene, and you can't avoid the San Francisco hacker scene. I've worked for two startups here, both successful, and know of plenty more. And of course, "Feedburner Feedburner Feedburner 37Signals". Should there be a monthly meetup for people like us in Chicago? Absolutely. I set one up for security people ( http://www.sockpuppet.org/chisec ) and it's been pretty successful --- at least, if its spinoff ( http://www.citysec.org ) is to be believed. If 40 people will show up each month to swap drinks for infosec stories, surely more would show up to talk about Social Networking for Pets. And there should be a sub-bullet for "HARD TO COME BY IN THE BAY AREA". Yes, there's clearly more of it in the Bay in gross terms. That doesn't mean you're getting access to any of it: new startups in San Francisco are totally, completely outgunned. I modded you up, but: * Compared to Chicago, Seattle, Portland, Atlanta, or Boston, San Francisco is filthy, both in a "civic pride and basic hygiene" sense, and in a "methadone clinics spewing out mentally ill homeless people contributing to a desperate humanitarian crisis" sense. * What areas are walkably friendly got that way by gentrifying and bleaching out the culture and neighborhoods from the city. Live in San Francisco? When was your last block party? Can you name your neighbors? * Strong indie music scene? I guess it depends on what you like --- you could caricature me as a Pitchfork fan. Admittedly, comparing to Chicago, most other cities save New York and Seattle are going to suffer. But go read JWZ's blog about the DNA Lounge and form your own conclusions about how vital and diverse San Francisco's indie venues are. * If your friends all work at startups, a big chunk of them live in the South Bay, which means you will rarely see them, because facing a 45 minute commute (that's without 101 traffic) at 12:30AM is a strong deterrant to an impromptu night at a bar. * Your office on Howard Street --- presuming it's a real office --- is not cheaper than what you'd pay in Chicago. Let's compare notes. You first. I'm skipping the good stuff about San Francisco. Leaving aside the benefits of being surrounded by product managers and QA team leaders, which is a dubious benefit, let me get in: * You have 7-day-a-week access to solid Dim Sum. * You live in the US capital of fresh water aquarium suppliers. * On any Friday or Saturday you are 30 minutes, a cooler, and a couple of logs away from a bonfire on the beaches south of San Francisco. * If your car can handle, the drive to Half Moon Bay is pretty awesome. I'm assuming most of the readers here don't have kids. I have two. We won't get in to how much worse the city is going to be for you if you're trying to raise a family. Whatever. You know my theory about fine dining cities? I know you want to. Once you get past a critical mass of high-end restaurants, it stops mattering. Arguments about San Francisco versus Chicago versus New York for restaurants are irrelevant, because unless you have an absurd budget for eating out, you aren't visiting all of them. So, yes, you have French Laundry (if you count it), and NYC has Per Se, and Chicago has Alinea. Panise vs. Masa vs. Charlie Trotter. If you're a normal person, you're going to run out of places to get 7 courses prix fixe in the Bay Area before I run out of them in Chicago. Everything else is subjective. You have Mission taquerias. We have Frontera. Yank Sing vs. Arun's. Anything in San Francisco vs. Hot Dougs. Call whatever city you want "the top restaurant city in the US". Nobody is moving from Chicago or NYC to San Francisco for the food. It's not 37Signals's goal to stay "small"; it's their goal to grow revenue instead of people and real estate. Did you read my comment, or do you just not know who Grant Achatz is? SF has hundreds of restaurants. On the high-end, many of them are good (below it, you wind up in North Beach for overpriced tourist Italian). But Chicago does too; so do Seattle and Atlanta. Name someone who has moved from NYC or Chicago because the restaurant scene in either didn't match up to San Francisco. I'll take your word for it that that person exists. I don't know. The last big VC-funded company I was with was in Ann Arbor, MI. When the valley influenced the rest of the VC-backed or acquired companies I worked with, it did so by moving the established company out to California. I've never worked for a company whose opportunities came simply from being located in California. Meanwhile, the elephant in the room here is that you aren't going to be acquired by Google, in the same sense as you are not going to win the lottery. There's a get-rich-quick mentality behind web startups that is totally not borne out by the numbers, and it cuts both ways: unrealistic hubris that infects judgement (for instance, by moving teams out of comfortable environments to San Francisco), and devastating emo temper tantrums at minor setbacks, like not being accepted into YC. Way to take my argument out of context. First, I'm citing Feedburner to demonstrate that large Google acquisitions don't have to come from the Bay Area. Are you refuting that? Second, if you ask me to name more Chicago startups, I'll add 37Signals, EveryBlock, Threadless, Inkling Markets, and of course Orbitz. Third, nobody is arguing that any other city in the US, including Boston, can go toe to toe with San Francisco simply on body count. I am, however, objecting to the argument that in 2008, the only way to be successful in a web company is to be based in the same city as your potential acquirer. I'll guarantee you this: your customers will not give a shit where you're located. You're right; I'm just thinking about tech companies, but the same logic would lead someone to count MOT. * I lived in Noe Valley for a couple years and never once even heard of a block party. "The SOMA block party"? Does that go by another name I'd know it by better, like, say, the Folsom Street Fair? That's hardly a "neighborhood" event, but then, SOMA isn't a neighborhood, and hasn't been since it was debrided by "live-work art spaces" (a.k.a. luxury condos). * JWZ is certainly not a good trendspotter, but you're providing a parody of his experience. He's not complaining that nobody cares about VNV Nation; he's complaining that he can't get permits to host 18+ shows (why do you care? Because lots of touring acts won't book 21+ shows), and chronicling the demise of one music venue after another. * You are getting a fantastic deal on office space; you're paying approximately what we're paying for finished office space in the Loop (we have a smaller space; our company is split evenly between Chicago and Manhattan). Pretty much everything Matt said about Twitter applied to blogs as well. Because you don't always know the IM name of the person you want to message. This is what you get for deifying TechCrunch. Also noted on the comments: Blaine had no authority over operations, and they spent a good part of the last year on Joyent, which ended ugly. Short of a tell-all from Twitter's side or Blaine, we're never going to know what caused the scalability problems. Arrington sarcastically mocks people who question his journalistic cred, but you'd have to be willfully ignorant not to see their point. "Worthless". Pretty funny. Why was I in TheStreet ( http://snipurl.com/25hkc ) last week? Twitter. Yes, my opinions on how crappy The New Pornographers were live this weekend are not particularly useful. It's not the messages that add value; it's the access to people. It seems to work particularly well for the trade press, who can use it as a LazyWeb. Repeat argument for YouTube videos, blogs, IM, SMS, personal web pages, web pages, gopher pages, email, IRC, bulletin board systems. Win. Sorry, I didn't mean to come off so aggressive. Bad habit. I'm just pointing out a startup-relevant use that Twitter has, which is bidirectional access between the press and companies. When you said PR, I assumed you meant what JetBlue and Comcast did with the service. This turns out to be easy to research; just start from the R&I 400 list of chains and go read their corporate histories. If you were in business for many years before opening up satellite locations, we can safely say you weren't started as a chain. You're right; restaurants conceived as chains dominate the top of the list, with some very notable exceptions, including KFC, Starbucks, and Subway. Something else that the top of that list shares in common is that they were lucrative for their investors. Something else that they share is that they are all crappy. Look how far down that list you have to go before you hit something you'd actually choose freely? In-N-Out is #89. 37Signals didn't start off to build a small business; they keep score with revenue, not headcount, like the rest of the real world. Not for nothing, but for a hiring manager, asking this question is a firing offense. So is age, marital status, religion, or even any question about place of residence apart from "are you capable of being on-site during core hours". From a lot of unfortunate experience: tech people suck at following these rules. According to Graham, "getting funded" isn't even a part of the plan for most YC startups. It is crazy to think that the perceived odds of building a billion-dollar company are less for a small established team already making millions of dollars than they are for a 3-month old team with $20,000 in the bank. But people do perceive the world that way. Yes. That position is known in the social sciences as your prime earning years . Could you defend your argument with evidence? Here's an example of company that "transformed": Microsoft. Also, with only minimal snark intended: you're saying 37Signals is a "shrub"? I think Graham's analogy is more apt that he realizes. Here's where it takes us: Yes, the majority of breakout chains/startups are started as chains/startups. But, plenty of breakout businesses aren't built to scale out fast. Starbucks didn't break out for over a decade. Microsoft didn't get the DOS contract until '81. Meanwhile, lots of small businesses are small deliberately. Thomas Keller isn't franchising Per Se. Grant Achatz isn't franchising Alinea. So what does it tell us when a company runs a single restaurant for 10 years, or refuses to take VC funding or hire ahead of revenue? Exactly nothing. Would you be surprised to see Threadless described as a startup? What was American Apparel in 1997? A small business? Charlie Trotter, Frontera, French Laundry, Babbo. All successful businesses. That there are unsuccessful businesses in the same category does not make them "old-school arts patronages". You are, I believe, almost completely wrong. You've assumed that 37Signals refusal to staff up and take speculative VC rounds means they're steering the ship away from being "a billion dollar mammoth". But 37Signals is more successful than most of the companies (yes, most ) that take VC rounds, and has enviable revenue growth. I think you're seeing a business model that doesn't fit the YC get-rich-quick mold --- and that's what it is, read the essays --- and pushing it into a "small business" bucket. The real world doesn't bucket like you want it to. Also: be more right. =) From the site: Opened in May 2005, Mr. Kokonas says Alinea grossed $3.5 million its first year, an average of $14,000 for every night it was open. There are eight investors: The smallest stake was $75,000, the largest Mr. Kokonas', at just less than $500,000. Return on investment is expected to exceed 20% per year, he says. This doesn't sound like an old-school arts patronage to me. Still wrong: Keller wasn't famous before French Laundry, Bayless is famous because of Frontera. Support claims with evidence. Suggest: hide the names of your developers. You'd hate for Arrington to find your site too slow or unreliable a few months from now. DHH is saying that your dreams should have to do with the merits of your offering, not the strength of your cap table. You're caricaturing him. I don't think that had anything whatsoever to do with my point. Is Threadless a startup? How could it possibly be relevant to your hiring decision how old someone is, or what neighborhood they live in? Why does YC ask for founders ages? You are totally begging the question. If you have somebody's name, you can "ask" the Internet about their age, sex, religion, or race. That's illegal too. What I'm asking is, one reasonable person to another, what possible reason could you have for wanting to know the age of an applicant? It is legal to ask if a candidate can legally work full time for you. Why would you ask anything more? This line of reasoning seems nonsensical. There are no non-optional interview questions. But all questions asked during an interview are used to discriminate between candidates; that's the point of an interview . How do you ask a candidate what their age is without discriminating based on age? If you're not discriminating on age, why on earth would you ask the question? (1) Women don't "forget the pain of childbirth" when they hold their babies. Giving birth, I'm told, really fucking hurts. (2) In contrast to giving birth, where the pain at least (mostly) ends after the main event, the pain of running a company continues long after launch. My son is 8, my daughter is 6, and I sleep in the easy chair in the living room when I talk about childbirth as if I knew what it was like. I can't find establishment starts and closings broken down by business type on the SBA site, but you could probably work that out pro rata by comparing California to, say, North Dakota, state-by-state. 50% of tech starts still in business 4 years later sounds crazy high to me. I'm not sure this is super relevant to YC get-rich-quickr's. Built-to-flip startups have a different lifecycle than small businesses in general; a small (read: "real") business grows more conservatively and lasts longer, and a flipper actually works to shutter itself early (on favorable terms). That fallacy only exists when you lump all of software engineering in with shrink-wrap software development. Most people don't think of consultants the same way they do product teams, which is also why people are always so surprised at where Visual Basic ranks among industry development environments. I don't understand. It sounds like you think that any murderer who can hide a body and clean a crime scene should be impossible to convict. There's nothing wrong with circumstantial evidence. It's used all the time. The ambiguity you're having trouble coping with is the reason we have juries and strict rules regarding admissability. A built-to-flip company is one that redirects investment (and risk management) away from building a business and into product development. A single-laywer law office doesn't do that. The "breadth" of the company has nothing to do with it. The question is how sustainable the company is as a business. You can trade long-term sustainability for short-term marketability --- Cisco and Google will love you for it, because they don't care about your business infrastructure (they're firing your director of finance as soon as they buy you) and they want your product to be maximally useful. On the other hand, if you miss the big acquirers and you're a flipper, you die; if you build a business, you get repeated shots at being attractive to them down the road. The very first thing he did when he took the stand on cross from the DA was to admit that he had lied about a material fact of the case, allowing the jury to be instructed that the rest of his testimony was untrustworthy. He did a pretty spectacularly bad job on the stand. I'm surprised he went down for murder 1, but there was a pretty damning array of things lined up against him. Aspergers or not, he admittedly ripped up and flooded his car while trying to actively hide it from the police in a storage locker; he claimed a 6-inch(!)-wide blood stain on a bag (not a sleeping bag, but its pouch) in that car was from having sex; and finally, he built his case not on the premise that he didn't kill Nina, but that she was still alive --- a very simple assertion for the DA to knock down. To be clear: his lawyer was opposed to him taking the stand. It's guilt beyond a jury's reasonable doubt, not guilt beyond your reasonable doubt. Where by precedence, you mean to say "multiple centuries of jurisprudence built around it". There is nothing wrong with circumstantial evidence. Not only did Sturgeon not confess to the the murder Reiser was convicted of, but after claiming to have killed 7 other people, he was not arrested or charged of any crime. To believe in some kind of coverup, conspiracy, or massive miscarriage of justice here, you have to believe that the State of California was willing to ignore seven other murders in order to screw over Reiser. The reasonable explanation here is that the evidence available to both the prosecution and the defense suggests that Sturgeon is simply a nutcase telling stories. Why is it "horrible" that he was convicted with indirect evidence? People are convicted without eyewitnesses all the time. That's why we have juries. No matter what other story you want to tell based on California's actions, the last sentence of your comment is predicated on the idea that the state betrayed seven other murder cases simply to get at Hans Reiser. What is "hard" evidence? This is a term you've invented. "100% positive"? When are we ever 100% positive? "Smart man's life"? You really think we should have different standards for programmers? People are routinely convicted of murder on indirect evidence. Evidence is evidence. It's up to the jury to decide how compelling the evidence is. I'm surprised they came back with murder 1, but would have been shocked if they had acquitted: there was a lot of circumstancial evidence. We actually know several things the jury does not know. For instance, the DA sought to have admitted emails from Nina to Hans that referred directly to overt threats Hans had made. They weren't allowed due to hearsay rules. So, in the palish system of justice, if you can conceal a body, you face an absolute maximum of ten years in prison. The jury was asked how confident they were. They had the option of returning not guilty, or even guilty of a lesser crime, such as manslaughter --- murder without intent. You are obviously not as confident as the jury was. But you were not on the jury. The jury, given the facts of the case, appears to have been maximally confident about Reiser's culpability: they returned a verdict of premeditated malicious intentional murder, where they instead could have found that Reiser had accidentally killed Nina in the heat of a terrible argument. At a certain point, you just have to let go of the fact that you disagree with the jury. Clearly, we cannot simply poll every person on the country as to what they thought of the case from afar. The "friend/lover" was not a serial killer. No professional who interviewed Sturgeon believes him. If they had, he would have been called to testify. The defense had the option of calling him ; they chose not to, because they did not think he would help their case. I find it ridiculous that the DA would have chosen to pursue a case against a lonely computer programmer instead of locking up a serial killer . You have to believe something pretty incredible to argue that Sturgeon was a real factor in this case. There's a difference between being convicted "because the jury doesn't like you" and being convicted "because you manage to do supernatural damage to your credibility on the stand". I think that if Reiser had shut up and not testified, he'd have gotten manslaughter. It seems clear that his demeanor amped his conviction up to murder. But the jury didn't do that on a whim: Reiser managed to portrary himself as deceptive, evasive, and utterly unconcerned over the welfare of his family. That got factored in. How could it not? People with high IQs can afford top-notch legal counsel. Yes, and also healthy teeth and shirts made out of sustainable fibers. I'm sorry, I just don't follow you. In any major city there are scores of independent solo graphic design and engineering firms. There are also scores of indie firms who design, manufacture, and distribute products. Built-to-flip startups are a special class of company who avoid most of the work of distribution, promotion, sales, and billing in favor of maximizing the investment value of their product. Again: if they thread the needle and sell that package to Cisco, they win. If they miss, they die. Here I stopped reading: Scripting languages have a purpose, and that purpose is generally different from what general-purpose languages do. C# really doesn't need a REPL--don't fall into the trap of trying to make it into Lisp. That there's a fundamental difference between "scripting" languages and "application" languages? That if there is, Lisp is on the scripting side? That a REPL would be useless to an application developer, or even a systems developer? I'm writing Ruby code right now that generates X86 basic blocks to runtime patch Win32 PE images in memory as part of a scriptable debugger for a DMA-driven peripheral I'm reversing. You cannot get more systems-y than I am now. I'm using a REPL to test X86 code written as Ruby. It is the best thing ever . People who talk about "scripting" languages are the 2008 equivalent of the people who stuck up for assembly language application development in the early '90s: an in-joke for the rest of us. I won't rehearse my "large system" credentials here, but I have them, and this meme that C++ and Java are somehow safer for large teams to work in is a joke. I've done large projects in Tcl (!) and in C++ (!$&#) and there are more ways to shoot your teammates in the feet with C++ than in Tcl; they just aren't first-class elements of the language. And C++ is universally regarded as a language for large system development. I won't rehearse my "high performance systems" credentials here, but I have them, and this meme that the speed penalty for dynamic languages is a problem is a joke. Reread my previous comment: I'm getting in between the processor and the native instruction pipeline in Ruby , and it is, I believe I said, the greatest thing ever . Belaboring the sentiment: the problem with the "fast systems language meme" is that it leaves you with the impression that the language is where speed comes from. No. It is trivially easy to write slow systems code in C: do everything off an interrupt, do 3 system calls per byte, demand-spawn a thread. The answer to fast systems is to find the bottlenecks and fastpath them. It is much easier to fastpath a bottleneck when a hash table of digraph structures is 2 lines of code instead of a 1.5mb compiled library with template headers that take 3 minutes just to parse. None of this is heresy. You can read it in "Expert C Programming: Deep C Secrets", which is the first C book lots of people ever read. Your design is where speed comes from. If method dispatch is a bottleneck, please don't waste time moving to C++: your design is fucked, and you are doing it wrong. Do it right. My heresy is that static type checking is white elephant. I've been doing this kind of work for going on 15 years now, and I can count on 1 hand the number of head-scratching bugs I've had due to type safety, and that includes 100kloc+ components built entirely around void* closures. The things that really fuck you in large systems are object lifecycle and concurrency. I'm not saying it's a great C book, just that it's a popular one; in fact, that's kind of my point. So, the answer to our problems is neither C++, nor Java, nor C#, but rather an unnammed (let me guess: Haskell) statically typed language that no large system has ever been built in. And the largest system built in Scala would be...? Wow, that struck a nerve, didn't it? You went from reasonable-but-wrong to very-angry in the span of just one comment. Why are you taking this personally? I'm sorry, but the fact that neither Scala nor F# have ever been successfully used in a well-known large-scale project is a substantive argument. Address it! I'm not a fan of C++ either, but guess what? It has a better track record than Scala. The idea that I'm going to pick Scala over Java "because they run on the same VM" is as silly as the idea of me trying to sell management on building their next product in ObjC, because, after all, they're both generating the same native X86 code. Of course, the real costs and risks have to do with training, maintenance, community, and support, which is why we still use Java. I'm not sure if you noticed like 4 comments above, but I'm a systems programmer; I have no idea why you think I care that something runs on the JVM. I do, however, sell to enterprises. The VM they care about isn't the JVM: it's VMWare ESX. You could write your app in SNOBOL and they won't care as long as they can plug it into their clusters. Can you be more specific about the word "secure"? If you mean, "can I ship customers a Rails app that they themselves run, either on their own servers or an appliance, while keeping them from seeing the source code?", then the answer is "no". You should be aware that the same answer applies to Python, Perl, Tcl, Java, and C#. Bytecode is trivially decompiled back to readable source code. FiveRuns deploys berkdb's with AES-encrypted compressed Ruby source. I have no idea what the point of the encryption is here, because it's a speed bump to someone who wants the source code; the "player" needs the key to run the code, the key sits in memory, as does the decoded source code. This system looks even easier to deal with than a typical J2EE app; at least with J2EE, I have to fix up all the JAD artifacts. Beware of systems that offer packaged solutions to hard problems, like the software protection problem. Bytecode obfuscation is a speed bump. We do more raw X86 than .NET, and compared to X86 --- which every security consultancy worth its bill rate can handle now --- obfuscated .NET bytecode is a dream. And that's as mature as we get now. Yes, and both a .class and a .pyc file are completely equivalent to source code. Why bother? 30,000 is probably not much; after the lawyers got done arranging their financing, there are probably tens of millions of shares outstanding. Just bear in mind, you can't really evaluate the deal even knowing the number of shares outstanding; the shares will be valued as a percentage of a multiple of forward revenue (unknowable) less liquidation preferences (which they won't tell you, but will be skimmed off the top of any liquidity event by the VCs), presuming no further dilution. I can't imagine that in any real company, employee shares would be "protected from dilution at all stages". It is, for what it's worth, largely not up to the founders; if they want a VC round, they're going to alter the structure of the company to suit the VC. 4% of a company that has been operating for 18 months is a huge stake. 18 months of 50% effort at no salary = 9 months full time no salary. Why do you think a 21% gap is too high for that? Again: 4% is a very large share for an employee. When the company comes to its senses, nobody else is going to get anything even in that neighborhood. I agree, it's not unreasonable. Just high. You are far, far more likely to prosper in a solid, successful corporate career than as a startup entrepreneur. Ego. Not kidding. The part where you spend two years on your magnum opus, your hit the end of your runway, your company goes out of business, and your IP becomes the property of investors who will never (a) use it in any way or (b) allow you to use it in any way. We only talk about the most successful startups. Most companies --- most of the 1 in 8 YC companies that get A-rounds, even --- fail. We don't talk about them. No, I'm saying that when you leave the job you hate, you should consider options other than the one least likely to succeed. And I'm saying "consider", not "do", and I consider that an antidote to your flowery evangelism --- no offense intended, the world needs both flowery evangelists and cynical assholes. Hey, I hear you; I'm 3 years into the last company I founded, and the only BigCo I've ever worked for bought the 10 person startup I had been working at. I see the attraction. But startup life has also kicked the shit out of me for almost 15 years. You do realize that you get paid to change diapers for other people, right? And then you missed the part where your years of career development enabled you to walk the other direction down the street and pick up a job almost immediately making approximately the same amount of money, continuing to contribute to your IRAs. BigCo's fail too, but no amount of dissembling is going to make BigCo tech careers as risky as startup tech careers. If you want a friend, buy a dog. If you want creative freedom and enjoyment, start an open source project on the side. There are ways to mitigate all the BigCo problems without gambling 2-5 years of your life on a longshot. That's what Marty Roesch was thinking when he started the Snort IDS project, as an open source project, on the side, with no real hope of turning it into a company. SourceFire went public with Snort last year. There are ways to do this without going for broke. What does this even mean? Plenty of advancements have come from large companies, well-run and not. As both a repeat startup founder and a repeat parent of infants, I'll attest: the diaper-changing aspects are similar. You're doing it for love, not money or enjoyment. =) I'm going to respond to this by pointing out that my company's offices are at 44 Wall and in the Loop in Chicago. I'm not a financial techie; I just get paid by them. What are these ways of mitigating the risk that you speak of? Also, tell us more about what you found rewarding about your startup. I think: winning is rewarding. Being fully exposed to wins is rewarding. In a BigCo, closing a $100,000 deal feels good. At a startup, closing a $100,000 deal feels fucking awesome. But: losing feels really fucking bad. Flirting with debt feels even worse. Who's to say where it ends up on balance? I'm sorry for being snarky about the NY-FI market. I can see why it's scary right now. I was reacting to the "irrational faith in startup tech centers". Startup tech centers are a scam. It's 2008! You're building web technology! You really think your location matters?! UR DOIN IT WRONG. Upmodded, and also, pretty sure parent commenter is high. ;) If you've managed your career, when you get a pink slip, you should be less than two months away from restoring or even enhancing your income. If you're committed to startups, and your current startup craters, you could be 9-18 months from revenue. It's just a fact: for any reasonable definition of "wealthy", more people reliably become wealthy by carefully saving and investing the income from a well-managed career than by any get-rich-quick scheme. Don't do it for the money. You're not going to make any. Maybe. But the other way to look at it is, MSFT has an NIH culture and isn't a prolific acquirer; MSFT-YHOO combined could have produced more acquisitions than MSFT and YHOO apart. I might rather be a maid than a housewife. Tough to say. My wife codes for my startup. What doors would those be? Acquiring cultures get co-opted by their acquired companies all the time; think VW and Audi. In this case, a much-needed culture shock to Redmond was almost an explicit perk of the deal for MSFT. It's not hard for me to imagine that a MSFT with a revitalized web strategy could go on to acquire more companies than they will on their own. I do not understand how someone can look at a primitive 160-character web SMS system and suggest that it was open APIs that made them vulnerable to competitors. Elegant though it is, I don't think that idea will work; people who I don't "follow" can "message" me in Twitter by including my name in a posting. That doesn't work if I explicitly have to be polling their server to see anything they say. This appears to be a system that allows strangers to coerce my client into contacting their server. I'm not sure what this has to do with the API. People are "going to" Twitter, not the Twitter API. I really think people are spinning Spolsky's comment about Redmond and Google hiring up all the good people way out of proportion. It was just a throwaway comment at the end of the post; it wasn't the thesis. The most popular messaging systems are all centralized, too. Yes, if you manage to convert a critical mass of Twitter API users into Twitter-shadow API users. A similar "technique" converts all AIM users into AIM-shadow users. If it's boring, it's not what you're meant to be doing. Read up on a subject you actually enjoy. We do large amounts of consulting, and I just had the experience of contracting out the look-and-feel of the Rails UI for our product to one designer and our print collateral to another, so I feel like I've been on both sides of this. You should know that the "I think we should talk, what's your budget" answer is pretty unfriendly, even though it makes business sense. When your prospect is reaching out to 5 different firms for a competitive bid, it's really annoying for them to have to convince you to cough up your rate. What legal action are you thinking he could take to force someone to work on a project? Even on consulting projects with defined statements of work and acceptance criteria, it is hard to recover up-front payments when projects go bad. This doesn't sound like a consulting gig; it sounds like an employment arrangement. Also, bear in mind that if he structured the company as an LLC, there's no such thing as an equity-holding employee; she's a principal. He may not even be able to fire her or recover the equity, unless they're on good terms. Why? Even at 35%, she's got much less equity than the original founder. If her market value is 80k, and they're taking salaries, what do you expect her to do? Talent is a marketplace. It isn't owed to anybody. It sounds to me like this is a set of circumstances where the developer had most of the leverage, you failed to recognize it, and got burned. Lots of businesspeople manage low-equity (or no-equity) employees. Their business isn't jeopardized when one of them threatens to quit. Some of them are savvy enough to know how to keep projects small and focused and checkpointable, so they're never more than a milestone into the weeds and can always hand working code off to the next developer. Others simply pay more than 80k for a lead developer. Many of them pay large premiums to hired gun consulting teams who will deliver pro work without caring about equity. 80k may sound really expensive to you. For a startup, it kind of is. But it's right smack in the middle of the ballpark for an experience Python webdev. It doesn't sound like you were really doing this person a favor. Chances are, when she poked her head up and looked around a few months into the project, it seemed like she was doing all the work and taking a sucker's cut. She doesn't have to be right about that. She gets to do whatever she wants. People renegotiate comp all the time . You didn't sell her. She left. Learn more about managing people before you hire or contract more of them. How did she hold the company hostage? She did quit. That totally depends on the app, doesn't it? If the backend and basic interaction works, there are tens of consultancies who can turn it into a presentable, usable, launchable web application. For a complex application, you're probably looking at 15-25k. I'm not criticizing you for taking a salary. I take a nice one. I'm just saying, you're not working on "2 people in a garage" terms. I don't get it. This isn't MTV's The Real World: Tulsa Edition. She didn't like the deal she had. She told the founder, whose stake dwarfed hers, what her issue was. It didn't work out. She left. What are you asking her to do? Stay on in an untenable situation? News flash for you: when you make a mistake signing on with a company, you aren't "honor-bound" to stay there until the situation plays itself out. If your situation sucks, leave. She did. There's another unfortunate lesson here. When people threaten to quit, counteroffers are often a waste of time. People with MBAs will tell you not to make them at all. I've learned this the hard way; I got a really good offer in the middle of my last PM job, brought it up with my current company, and they upped my stake. But for the next 2 years, they were constantly on the defensive assuming I was going to quit again; it damaged the working relationship severely. If you're a solid company, and someone gives you an ultimatum, a no-foul clean break is often going to be the right move. I wish it wasn't like that (I had no intention of quitting), but some political situations are untenable. What was the nurse doing? Ideas aren't worth 65% of the company alone. I don't know if it's intentional but it seems like a lot of people here are talking as if there were "rules", like "x% is fair, y% is unreasonable". There are rules of thumb. But compensation is a marketplace. If the founder has no leverage, taking a lower stake in exchange for salary isn't honorable. It's just stupid. Both parties need to feel like they're getting a square deal. If either of them don't, it doesn't work. No, really, there are. =) That was a huge management error. A significant capital investment went into development. But it doesn't sound like any effort was put into consolidating the gains they made throughout the year she worked there. Again: the project could have been broken into milestones, maybe with each demo-able. The founder wasn't technically capable of doing this, but could have had the dev write up a spec milestone-by-milestone, and then managed the project to that spec. At any point during the year, the dev could have left and the founder would have had something usable to work with. Not only that, but by not managing the project well, the founder sent a message to the dev: "I don't really know what I'm doing, so I'm throwing money at you to make things work". There's nothing wrong with that when the person you're throwing money at is a full partner whose interests are aligned with yours. This person wasn't. I'm making a lot of assumptions here, and I apologize if I'm off the mark. Sorry, I just thought it was amusing. I don't really care. To make this thread slightly more productive, I will recommend one such consultancy: Blue Flavor. If her work makes or breaks the company, and she's worth more than 80k on the open market, and she isn't "65% stake confident" in the founder, it's not a "sweetheart deal". It's a sucker's bet. Again, it seems like you're talking as if there were "rules" about equity participation. You would have to have an absolutely awesome idea to make, for instance, a security researcher participate in a startup for no salary. Even if you pay one $50k, and that $50k cripples the startup and maxes out hardship for everyone else in the company, it's still a sucker deal for the researcher. I'm using a familiar example to illustrate a point. It's a marketplace, not a secret society. Unlike you, I do not want to do my work, which involves writing proposals today. =) Four possibilities spring to mind: * Maybe you really did do a majority stake's worth of work, and she was just inexperienced. * Maybe you didn't really do a majority stake's worth of work, and she felt like she had gotten shafted. You did start her at 6%. * Maybe she was just a bad employee and a crap dev and wanted the paycheck. You weren't experienced enough to notice and fire her. * Maybe through no fault of her own the project became untenable (for instance, maybe the spec changed a bunch of times, or you couldn't hammer out a reasonable set of features to launch on --- this has happened to us lots). You ran out of money, and she couldn't stay, good faith or not. What are you going to do different next time? Why is "learning to hack" the answer here? Doesn't that leave this person with a startup with no team? I wouldn't sign on to a startup with no employees, no code, no long-term funding, and no revenue for a 6% (or 35%) vested stake. Not to be argumentative, but just to talk straight: you can "draw lines" between employer and employee all you want, but if both parties are rational, it's the market that enforces the line, not you. In other words, if you bring very little to the table, and your "employee" brings a lot to the table, you're setting yourself up to fail by being "clear" about an untenable arrangement. I'm a security researcher, not a web dev, so I'll just say there's no possible conflict. "Commitment to DrinkoCorp" is not actually a virtue, just so we're clear. Blackmail?! She didn't take the company hostage. She quit it. You can always quit. I can always fire you. If you make a mistake when you negotiate a position, you are not ethically required to "ride it out" to some foreordained date. Would definitely help them manage developers in the future. The best manager I ever had couldn't write a line though. If relationships are paramount, everyone should have the same equity stake. What's the formula that gets you from 50% to 6% for $6000/mo? Just a thought. Are you any good? Are you still looking? I'll beat that number. You're totally right about that. Sounds like there's a consensus that this project needed milestones. One thing I heard here is that drinko may be epsilon away from a credible demo --- the pieces are there, it's just not presentable. A next step may not be "outsource to India", but rather to hire someone for a few days to document and report what's there and what's working and estimate how many hours it will take to get it to a demo. That's a small project ($2k-$3k at the going daily rate for indie Python devs) and at the end of it drinko gets enough info to make a sane decision. Drinko may be screwed --- her dev's demands aren't crazy, but as run4yourlife points out, her accomplishments over 12 months (!) probably don't justify them. This may be a case where someone should have been fired after weeks, not years. In that case, she may be starting from scratch. But if both parties were acting in good faith, Drinko may be a short contract away --- maybe even a pure "skinning" HTML+CSS UI project away --- from a demo that will generate customer interest, help her get more funding, and attract a better quality of developer. Cool story, would have been more interesting if he had refused to continue even without figuring out the ruse. I think we're agreed in principal and opposed semantically --- if drinko's position was better, a dev quitting wouldn't matter to her. Strong disagree that a Django dev isn't worth 80k+35%. Sure, I wouldn't pay anything close to that, but I have a mature thriving company. But on day 1, without the capital to contract the project out, that could be a totally fair deal. Am I totally wrong about how much Django devs make relative to PHP or Rails devs? Because my experience is they make more than 80k if they're good and have any business aptitude. They certainly get billed out higher than that. "This Django girl"? Ok, start here: do you know the developer's age? That was shrill. No, it would be "cool" because the experiment was famously set up to model real instances of authoritarian abuses. There was no ruse for the Nazis to figure out. This isn't "evil", it's basic market segmentation. Microsoft doesn't want to limit the capabilities of any device, but if it sets the price of XP to a level that works for ultra-cheap vendors, it surrenders a vast amount of money to companies like Dell. Like any business, Microsoft wants Dell to pay what XP is worth to Dell, and Asus to pay what XP is worth for the Eee. It can't simply charge one amount to Dell and another to Asus. So instead it uses arbitrary specifications to create a category of XP license that is unattractive to Dell and cost-effective for Asus. You can argue about the ethics of this up and down, but when you start looking for it, you see that we're awash in market segmentation. Often, the most egregious examples of it actually have consumer benefits: take airfare, where the total ripoff fares I pay for last-minute business travel effective subsidize tickets for tourists who would not otherwise be able to fly. I'll now annoy and patronize you all by again agreeing with the spirit of this post while disagreeing with the particulars. Security documentation is different from normal documentation in that it serves dual purposes, and "comprehensible documentation" is the lesser of the two. The more important objective of a security standard is to provite citable line-item rules that can be audited against, and the reason you do that is so that you can make reviews, tests, and audits objective. You can argue with the specifics of those rules, but even something as obvious as "keep windows synchronized with data" could merit a line item if it's something that bad devs consistantly fuck up, and could be inclined to argue with ("that's not a security problem and nobody has ever complained about it!") in a review. Do any of these schemes allow me to federate comments with other blogs? I'd like to be sharing comment feeds with the other blogs in my space. Where in Germany? $50k/yr in San Francisco or New York metro is what McDonalds store managers make. Teachers provide vast amounts of value, but supply greatly exceeds demand, and therefore they make less than people with far less relevant jobs. I'm not sure I understand: if your friend pays 1300EU for an apartment that goes for 1300USD, he's paying 150% of what you pay. You're a bit off on the WYSIWIG thing. Rich text editors don't generate Markdown, but they can be configured to generate extremely regular, limited HTML, which can be converted to Markdown easily (a la HumaneText). Computers are good at stuff like that. Typical end users dislike raw HTML. Most of them don't know what a &lt;code&gt; tag is. Markdown (though probably not Textile) is superior to HTML for end-users in that you don't even need to know how it works to get better-than-raw-text results. My company's product does Markdown, and my philosophy is this: tens of thousands of people edit Wikipedia. Most of them are not particularly computer savvy. Wikipedia has perhaps the most baroque and ineffecient markup syntax possible, and people still tolerate it. So, there's the lower bar. By all means, exceed it, but don't obsess. No matter what your editor does, editing in HTML is simply slower than writing a Markdown document. You may be overstating the complexity of things like Markdown and Textile. Different design goals. Textile is more expressive. It has more features and does more stuff. Markdown is more transparent. It's designed to capture the features of a text email message and render them in HTML. Thank you for sharing. I grew up in Chicago and raise 2 kids in Oak Park, which is to Chicago what Brooklyn is to Manhattan. Speaking of Brooklyn, one of my two business partners is going to be raising a kid there as well. The problem with big cities and children is school systems; you can get around that by paying for explicit private schools, or the de facto private school systems you get in the near suburbs. Denny, I'm a bit confused. What you've built for $180 is a group blog, with a somewhat heavy emphasis on talking to vendors. I'm in your space --- quite directly --- and with an order of magnitude more visitors, I have no idea how I'd go about monetizing my site. I guess it's true that a smart businessperson can create value out of content --- look at John Batelle, Federated Media, and bOING bOING. But: * They actually did have to build stuff * It took them years and years and years to get there * The content they've created is probably harder and riskier to build than software. I'm not disputing the validity of your idea, just the assertion that you're likely to make money with a business plan and $180. He's talking about software companies, not businesses on the web in general. Moreover, he's demonstrably wrong: many successful software companies are run by people without developer backgrounds. Nice, if a bit glossy. I find this visualization to be a bit more profound: http://cr.yp.to/snuffle/diffusion.html Why the hell do I care how hard it was for them to track down the OpenSSL developers? This flaw was Debian's fault. They patched OpenSSL for no reason. Nobody complained about it. Nothing was broken. They ran valgrind --- awesome, but noisy --- on the tree and blindly started "fixing" problems. This claim that they ran the change past the OpenSSL team before they committed it? Comical. To believe it, you have to believe that it is more likely that: - The OpenSSL team reviewed a code change that commented out the randomness from their RNG , quite literally the most sensitive code in the whole package than - A part-time OpenSSL team member told a Debian developer that, while debugging, it would be fine for him to lose a line of code, not expecting that the Debian developer would then commit a change to their repo that commented out the OpenSSL RNG . Stop wasting time pointing fingers, Debian. Fix the problem. You had no business editing OpenSSL; it is very hard to believe that your developer even read the code they changed. Promise us that from now on, you won't mess with security or crypto code. I agree with Ben Laurie. It is amazing, and it's happening because OpenSSL gets nothing resembling the community support it deserves. All due respect, but, did you read the rest of the mailing list, or, for that matter, my original comment? He didn't clear the change; he said it was fine for debugging, before other OpenSSL people corrected him. There's no "problem" to fix here. Really! The problem is that Debian made an elective style-guide patch to OpenSSL based solely on Valgrind output. The "fix" to the problem is to back the patch out and make sure everyone's system is update. The only underlying issue that needs to be fixed here is for Debian to never, ever independently modify OpenSSL (or any other crypto code) again. I think that's reasonable at this point. This is one of the worst crypto vulnerabilities I've ever seen, far worse than when OpenSSL and NSS broke RSA. CIO != CTO. CIO's actually do stuff. "CTO" is a pure vanity title. It's a little silly to go looking for "the right CTO". Your friends want an evangelist product marketing manager, not a "CTO". I enjoyed reading this book, but: (1) some of its arguments have been regularly refuted; for instance, "the power of context" and "broken windows". (2) I've never heard a story about any real business using the "lessons" of this book to accomplish a marketing objective. Another good book where I'm not sure I know of too many people actually accomplishing something practical as a result of reading it. Ries & Trout "Positioning" is a classic, and a short read. Lots of CTO's don't build products, either. SJC is a much better airport than SFO, but OAK is the one the cheap flights go to, and is inexpensive to get to SF from. Does anyone here have a story about a contested noncompete actually breaking in favor of the employer? I guess it all depends on what you're looking for in an airport, but if your metric is "time taken to get from the expressway exit to wheels-up in your plane", I'd rank the Bay Area OAK, SJC, then SFO. I'm not really looking for amenities; if I needed them, I'd probably just pay for the Amex Platinum and get into the airline lounges. Most software development happens inside big companies on applications that will never leave their walls. That software is written in Java and Visual Basic. Provide as many tips and rules of thumb as you want. Sometimes, it's safe to modify code you don't understand. And then, those tips will help. But that all goes out the window when it comes to security code. If you don't understand security code, don't mess with it. What contribution does this post make? Is this seriously a whole blog post with 190+ comments about what happened when someone was called a "cunt" on Twitter? Because if that's enough to launch a blog with, I'm kicking myself for actually trying to come up with real content. Even after your patent issues, enforcing it is horrifically expensive. In addition to the 7 year delay from filing to issuance, expect another 1-2 years, much of it billable, before a legal action based on your patent sees any action. For a startup, is there any point in pursuing software patents at all? I'm not sure I see the problem that demands a solution here. Bootstrap doesn't mean "minority share". It means "low salary". That's not exactly true. xnu/bsd/kern, the "Unix half" of the kernel, is FreeBSD. xnu/osfmk, the "Mach half", isn't. I'm not so sure about this guy's policework. For instance, NetApp ONTAP is decidedly not FreeBSD. Juniper uses FreeBSD as a control platform, but neither the core functions nor the user CLI are FreeBSD. I'm not sure why I care what IronPort uses. From several years commercial reversing experience, my guess is that even if you lump NetBSD in with FreeBSD (NetBSD is the preferred BSD OS for non-X86 BSPs), you still see more Linux than BSD in embedded and appliance apps. From several years shipping appliance products, I'll also suggest that while there may be apps that FreeBSD excels at (due to a better tuned filesystem and VM), for things where raw I/O and compute are the bottleneck, Linux tends to win. Take Apple out of the list. And, obviously, the Google SoC. Now strike DARPA, SPAWAR, Secure Computing Corporation and McAfee Research as well --- that's TrustedBSD, a government-funded project that was required to give its code back (the "McAfee Research" there refers to TIS Labs). Now strike Chelsio, Dell, Myricom, probably Pair Networks, and Timing Solutions, which is driver code. Now strike Ethon Technologies, Ensure Technology, and Seccuris, companies nobody's ever heard of with no IP to donate to the project. What do we have left? ActiveState, IronPort, Isilon, Juniper, NetApp, nCircle, Nokia, Sandvine, and Yahoo. * What did ActiveState contribute? * Did IronPort contribute back its custom filesystem and I/O scheduling code? * Did Isilon contribute back its kernel filesystem clustering code? * Did Juniper contribute back its networking code? Wait, I know the answer to that one. * Did NetApp contribute back its WAFL filesystem? * Does nCircle even have anything to contribute? * What did Nokia contribute? I know their Checkpoint appliances run FreeBSD. I sound snarkier than I really mean to here, but I think the list is a bit misleading. Of course, more companies contribute back to Linux than contribute back to FreeBSD; they're obligated to. Can somebody translate this to English? I can't tell what parts are sarcastic, and I can't decode the cryptic in-jokes. The article's right that IPv6 isn't going to happen. I'm not sure it makes any points besides that. (1) It's hard to fear our NAT-ed future when we're all living in the NAT-ed present to little ill effect. A typical large company today has more than a /19 allocated to it; if we're really talking about exhausting the TCP endpoint space, that /19 offers 536,000,000 concurrent connections. ISP distribution layers might not do that many packets per second. (1a) If multiplexing is the problem, we can solve that in a subtransport-layer protocol without a worldwide ISP flag day that renumbers the whole world. There are already transports that are more multiplexing-friendly than TCP --- for instance, SCTP, a well-researched telco protocol. (2) IPv6 exacerbates routing problems; it doesn't solve them. Routing table explosion and address space size are orthogonal. (3) If we're embracing our NAT'd future anyways, I'm not sure I care how routable IPv4 are traded, or who has to go ask Halliburton to start paying for their obscene legacy allocation. You decided to work for the ISP, not me. Have fun! This would be more impressive if it wasn't cribbed almost verbatim from a Tanenbaum paper that, judging from the popularity of this thread, nobody seems to have read. That's just a religious argument. You can argue it exactly the opposite way: that applications requiring direct IPv4 addressing are enlisting the Internet to accomplish things the apps should be doing for themselves, and are in fact breaking e2e. For a concrete example, see FTP, arguably the most famously bad protocol we have. The "hoops" we have to jump through to traverse NAT seem kind of trivial when you compare them to the fluid-dynamic-theoretic modeling we had to go through to avoid congestion collapse in the early '90s. If you're new to the game, I'm sure NAT traversal seems like overkill, but you really should try BGP prefix filtering or writing a TCP-friendly transport protocol. The fact is, the overwhelming majority of Internet users are now NAT'd. The Internet works better today than it did when everyone got static IP addresses. And the problems that remain can be solved at the transport layer, without forklifting out routers. What problems does IPv6 really solve? Google: Tanenbaum remote procedure call considered harmful. You really should have read this by now.