Padmapper (and 3taps) don't scrape craigslist though. They get all info from public sources such as search engine caches. I'm assuming the URL is supposed to automatically update to 'save' my changes, but it's not happening in my Firefox 18.0.1. Hmm, nor in IE9, although I notice the default text is completely different. Is there a save button I'm somehow not seeing? Also in IE9 I get this JS error: SCRIPT438: Object doesn't support property or method 'atob' editor.js, line 161 character 3, which prevents any of the controls from functioning. Awesome idea, but all it ever gives me is a loading bar. shapecatcher.com/engine/recognize eventually returns "504 Gateway Time-out" Perhaps I'm the exception, but I regularly use the related posts and even occasionally the 'temporal navigation' features of blogs I find via HN and other such sources. I know they wrote at least one good article, so I'm happy to spend a bit of time looking for more. So personally, I hope no one writing decent content takes this advice. Your title is one example of how not to launched a successful product. OK, it's 4am, so presumably part of my brain is asleep, but I'm missing something here. If the latencies were unconstrained, I would agree that it is impossible to solve the initial riddle. However, since it states that there are only two possibilities, 2s:2s or 3s:1s, it sure seems solvable to me. You have two equations and three variables, but you don't need to solve for the three variables. You can eliminate the skew and end up with a single equation and two variables - the two latencies. That allows you to solve for the difference between the latencies. And since the possibilities are constrained, that is sufficient to solve the problem. Of course, in a real world scenario the possible latencies would not be discrete, so indeed the problem would not be solvable. But that's not how it was presented. So either the puzzle was poorly constructed as an analogy for the real-world scenario, or (more likely) my sleepy brain is missing something fundamental. Somebody help me out. Ah yes, and looking at it in the morning, my resulting single equation is degenerate. I had a sign wrong last night, which suggested I'd solved for the difference between the two latencies. Actually (of course) I'd solved for the sum of the two latencies, which as the article mentioned, is all you can really determine. facepalm The first comment there (by Leslie Wheeler) summarizes the ridiculousness nicely: "We may have an early candidate for Worst Illinois Senate Bill of 2013. First of all, Illinois does not have jurisdiction over the entirety of the internet. Illinois has jurisdiction over Illinois. Geographical location isn't all that important to the web hosting industry - for the most part, a datacenter in Chicago is just as good as one in, say, Dallas or Seattle. This means that the only thing this bill would actually succeed in doing is driving internet-related business (both individual online businesses, as well as the infrastructure that supports them, ie, webhosting companies and datacenters) out of the state. Good job representing our interests there, Ira. More importantly, though, this is plainly unconstitutional. It's absolutely embarrassing that any elected representative of US citizens would suggest that there should be a host of state-defined rules that must be met before one is allowed to exercise their first amendment right to free speech. Just for funsies, here's what SCOTUS thought of anonymous speech in McIntyre V. Ohio Elections Commission: 'Protections for anonymous speech are vital to democratic discourse. Allowing dissenters to shield their identities frees them to express critical minority views... Anonymity is a shield from the tyranny of the majority.... It thus exemplifies the purpose behind the Bill of Rights and of the First Amendment in particular: to protect unpopular individuals from retaliation... at the hand of an intolerant society.'" When they're adequately backed up, as in this circumstance, why not? Send the data in triplicate if you want, just to avoid the hassle of re-sending any that get damaged. Regardless, the cost would be trivial, even for young-Google. Originally was going to chastise you for typing your actual passwords into a random demo version that could have been modified in whatever way. But since it's all js I guess it's a simple matter to verify it's not transmitting anything. Although I guess it could be some really devious thing where it saves the info in a cookie to be snagged later or some such. Did you check the JS code? ;) Appears it's been un-fixed again. Not only are new results once again not being indexed, but the ones from that brief period of time when it appeared fixed have been removed. Very thought-provoking. Helps to set speaker volume to a comfortable level at the start then leave it there as you explore (it quickly becomes uncomfortable). This comment on the article (from a person with clinical autism) sums it up well: "It's not that life looks like this, it's that life feels like this ." Hmm.. As a site owner I try not to jump to conspiracy conclusions, as I've certainly been on the receiving end of enough of them due to random coincidences and such. That said, this does indeed seem odd. Did you try posting a question in their forums about it? I'm surprised there are no bids yet. There's always someone willing to take these things on, impossible as they obviously are. Question: Do 4th Amendment rights apply only to US citizens? Or would this ruling apply equally to, say, Canadians crossing the border into the US? Answer: Looks like it applies equally to non-citizens. Will feel better about bringing my laptop across the border now. https://ssd.eff.org/your-computer/govt/fourth-amendment For some reason my brain interpreted the white queen as black. The 'right' move was still obvious since white only had a rook and pawns besides the invisible queen, but it took me way too long to see why it was a checkmate! I've been reading too much HN. For a good 4 second my brain interpreted Apply as made up app-maker startup domain name type thing. App.ly! Does Feedly have a web-based client? I'm looking for something to recommend to users at www.searchtempest.com. Many of them have never used (or even heard of) RSS before, so simplicity is key. It's really amazing how little attention the Google problem is getting so far. It seems like most people search, see some posts in the past few minutes and some in February, and totally miss the fact that there's nothing in-between! 'They' craigslist, or SearchTempest? I can't do anything about the former, but I might be able to for the latter! :) (Our blog, certainly, could use an overhaul, but there's never a time when I would prefer to do that than work on the site itself!) The most common reasons are that you want to search multiple cities at the same time, or that you want to use advanced logical operators. The nice thing about SearchTempest (in my obviously biased opinion) is that you can set a radius to only search nearby cities, rather than the shotgun approach of googling (or binging) everywhere. Looks like it's probably a bug: http://productforums.google.com/d/msg/websearch/p6VbIaBkbWA/... We do. First off, the reason that's happening is that Bing (and Google before it) indexes craigslist pages, but has no way of knowing immediately when a previously-existing page disappears. They obviously can't be continually spidering every single page on the site to see if it's still there, and while craigslist could notify search engines of deleted posts, they have no incentive to do so. Some searches tend to have more expired posts than others, but if you find they're a problem, we have a couple of alternatives. For searches across the whole country, the best option is RSS feeds. (Too bad 'RSS is dying' and all... ;) ) You can run any search on SearchTempest and click the 'Get Feeds for this search' link to grab an OPML file of all the craigslist results RSS feeds matching your search, within the search radius you specified. Import that file into a folder in your favorite RSS reader, and you've got a convenient, auto-updating feed of new results for your search, straight from craigslist. The other alternative is our Direct Results mode. Basically that just opens up two windows: one for the results from craigslist, and one as an index to flip through cities. So you only see results for one city at a time, but can quickly flip through them with the 'Next' link. Obviously that can take a while for searches across the whole country though, so we recommend it more for smaller searches. Basically just a small optimization compared to manually opening up and pasting a search into a few separate CL cities directly. More info here: http://www.searchtempest.com/faq.php#deleted Ya, I did. Was hoping I'd missed it somehow. Looks like it's just Chrome, Firefox, iOS and Android. Great for you or I, but not for many of my users unfortunately. I almost think that should be the site's tagline. And you're welcome. I actually built it back in 2006, but it's evolved a fair bit since then! Thanks again to Matt Cutts for the detailed explanation! Original post was here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5378697 I'd say the chances are approximately zero. Reader was a niche product with a user base orders of magnitude smaller than GMail. Do you have any evidence that gmail ads aren't effective? Or that the other information Google gleans from it isn't valuable? Besides, even if it were profitable, it would obviously be PR suicide to shut it down. Hackers care about RSS, and can easily find another reader. Everyone cares about gmail. I found that Smart Car bit in general pretty bang on! It's also interesting the things we take for granted now that were missed completely. One I noticed everywhere was wireless communication. (Plugging your key card in to the wall and the car rather than near field communication, plugging the iphone into the desk rather than just using bluetooth (or forget about the desk comp entirely and connect to the cloud), etc.) Edit: Actually, at the end he uses a remote control to turn off the lights and lock the doors... so I guess that's another example of failing to grok the implications! Still, interesting in general. Some of the things we don't have yet - like the high-tech schools - look like pretty clear areas for improvement. Although I do have a home robot that vacuums my floors... No. Did I say that? Hey, I own www.searchtempest.com and www.autotempest.com. And we're actually in Victoria, BC! I expect I could find something for you to do for a day or three if you're interested. Could even have lunch or something if you want to take the ferry over. Feel free to email me through one of our sites' contact pages. For the first issue, you might check out newsblur. Basically solves the clicking through to the original issue perfectly. The second I completely agree with you on. Even these cool readers that prioritize stuff you're most likely to read, by necessity, keep track of what's read and unread, and I get exactly that same itch that I need to stay on top of everything. It's completely artificial and almost ridiculous, but there it is. And I can't imagine how a reader could solve that problem without creating the even worse worry of missing things. (Which ironically evaporates when you don't use a reader and therefore no longer expect not to miss anything.) Perhaps there is a novel solution there though, waiting to be discovered. For the long version of this post, read Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People . Ah, just realized since craigslist sites are all subdomains on the same domain, they might well fit within the free limit for newsblur. Went to confirm that and found this: "Due to overwhelming demand, free accounts are temporarily suspended. By going premium you get full access to NewsBlur." Certainly understandable, but disappointing. What if you just want to use it as a reader and are happy with pasting in feed urls manually? I'm sure they will come out with a premium version or some such eventually. If you were Feedly would you really turn down the opportunity provided here just because you can't immediately monetize the new users? Not sure about .NET, but you have to prompt at load for Java. Your app can continue to run in a degraded manner if permissions are not granted however. Anyway, this is why it's a shame Feedly doesn't offer a non-extension version. One would hope it's something they have planned. Offer the extension for those who want the additional features and are ok with the permissions, and the web app for the rest (and for the convenience of access anywhere, cross-platform). As far as I can tell there's no way to import an OPML file, which is my entire use case. Am I missing it? Also just FYI, after signing up, I'm booted back to the sign-in form with no indication of whether the signup was successful or what; I actually assumed it had failed. Right, even removing that flaw would make it closer to two hours than 20 minutes (although half that to get in on average). Significantly less if you leave finger smudges on the keys though. That said, agreed with the above: anywhere someone fiddling with the lock for 20 minutes would go unnoticed, a brick would go unnoticed too. I highly doubt a car has even been stolen through hacking the keypad lock in this manner. Diversification and multiple pots seems like the best reasonable option. At the very least, one's investment portfolio should be internationally diversified. If you were really concerned, actually holding a portion of those assets in an offshore account might make sense. Regardless, rather than trying to protect all assets, the goal would be to maximize the chances that you would always be left with at least a sufficient amount. Yes, but aside from the word 'short', it fits perfectly. If parent can't remember any details, it's possible they misremembered the length. A tad off topic, but I'm hoping the fastest way to get an answer: How does one move or delete multiple feeds at once in newsblur? There must be a way to do this, right? Say I import 100 feeds from an OPML file, then realize I actually want them all in a folder. At the moment the only way I can figure out how to do that is to click on each feed, click move to folder, click the folder dropdown box, click the folder I want, click save. Times 100. Or I can save one click each by deleting them all then re-importing. But there must be a faster way. (In Google Reader settings, one could filter all folders with a keyword pattern, and bulk move.) Indeed, I have often wondered at the fact that elevator movements in most (all?) locations appear to be basically un-optimized, when it would clearly not be difficult to do so. If you don't have a business at all, its efficiency is somewhat irrelevant. Not all startups can bootstrap their way up from nothing; some do require initial capital. FYI, your right sidebar overlaps the footer when you scroll down. From the comments: "This question is becoming quite the rep factory." That pretty much sums it up! Hmm.. that would be helpful. Unfortunately it looks like there are some bugs to iron out. Twice in a row now, I've created a folder, then in the folder menu got to add feeds to that folder, imported an opml file, and... the folder disappears and the feeds go into the root. It's nearly infinitely divisible, so not really limited as a medium of exchange. Sounds like it already does kind of do that. From StavrosK above: "It maps multiple emails to the same identity, in that you use the same password to log in with all of them. The end site gets the email you log in to the site with (I can log in to Persona with email A but let all sites know email B every time." So based on that, if you want to expose three different identities to 3 different sites, you can set up Persona to do that automatically, without having to remember the separate emails and passwords you used for each one. I guess the only problem would be if you needed multiple separate logins to the same site, but unless it's your own site, presumably that should be rare. I have recently been converted to the joy of filling in credit card details (and address and phone number and...) with LastPass' form fill function. I previously had my CC details memorized for similar reasons, but I didn't realize just how much time I was wasting typing this stuff in over and over until it was magically done for me. And since security is what LastPass does , I have no problem with having their extension save my CC info in a secure manner. If a user returns relatively quickly they generally remember how they logged in. The problem is when they come back after some months. At that point, they've probably completely forgotten how they logged in, and have cleared their cookies for some reason or another. It's a standard troubleshooting suggested by many websites. (Not saying it should be so, but it is.) Here's a great comparison of the old and new fee structures: http://ebaystrategies.blogs.com/ebay_strategies/2013/03/part... While it does probably amount to an increase overall, there are certainly plenty of situations where the fees will be lower. And without doubt, they are now far simpler than before, which is important. Being able to quickly determine what it will cost to sell an item on eBay may well make casual sellers more likely to do so, even if they end up paying slightly more on average than with the complex rules. My thoughts exactly. This looks like a less feature-rich Yahoo Pipes. Plus, Pipes has YQL as a fallback for even more advanced operations. Perhaps it wins on simplicity for new users? Yahoo Pipes is pretty simple though. Agree with you there. Presumably eBay is looking for more volume of the smaller stuff, which would fit with the theme of strengthening competition with Amazon. For the larger stuff, they don't have as strong a competitor (outside local options like craigslist), so they probably figure they can afford to boost their margins, and bundling it in with a 'simplification' and cuts elsewhere is a convenient time to do it. You could get a quick start worldwide by accepting Bitcoin, then add alternate payment methods later. While I agree that the result in this case was extreme, it seems that the article does point out the distinction, which is whether the person behind the tech is directly aware that it will be used for . In this particular case, I could see how there's a strong argument that he was. I mean, when he saw the $800k, honestly, he _did_ know it was related to drugs. He made the choice to continue. Should he have been charged as a conspirator and ultimately sentenced to 24 years? Not in my opinion! But he wasn't completely blameless either. Exactly, this. Creating Tor is like the general practice of building these traps as a business. Traps have both legal and illegal uses, and you have no way of knowing what will happen with each trap after you build it. No problem there. The problem is when that service is provided directly to someone known to be using it for an illegal purpose. In the case of Tor, it is not provided directly to anyone, but rather available freely to everyone. Now, say Tor came with home installations of the client, and the client mentions to the installer that now he's got a great way to buy drugs anonymously on SR. That would be a problem. "Or the clothes that you are wearing, it could be created for smothering people..." It's not about whether it could be created for smothering people. If you're a tailor, and someone says to you, "I need a special kind of jacket with a loop like this that I can use to strangle people with,"* and you make that for them, then yes, you are liable when they indeed use it for that purpose! As for who decides whether the creator knew it would be used for an illegal purpose, that would be the jury. If before there was an internet, a terrorist group approached a technologist and described a network that they required to better organize terror plots, then YES, that person should be held accountable for the uses the group puts it to, even if it eventually has positive consequences as well. On the other hand, if a person makes and distributes anything, dangerous or not, with a legitimate use case in mind, they should absolutely be held blameless if it is then used by someone else to commit a crime. *Assuming of course that a "reasonable person" would actually believe the person was indeed going to do that, since it comes across as pretty bizarre... The question is whether a "reasonable person" would believe the money was related to illegal activity. While he may have not known so beyond any doubt, my opinion is that a reasonable person would believe so, based on the money and the actions of the truck's owners. And in fact, Anaya himself admitted that he had suspicious about its origin. Only if the cryptographers provide their tools or services directly to people they believe to be using them for illegal purposes. If they simply provide them freely to everyone, it is no problem, since there are obviously perfectly legitimate uses for cryptography as well. IF a handgun maker (or distributor) sells a gun to someone who they know or have strong reason to suspect will use that gun to commit a crime, then YES, they should be held accountable. Ditto for all those other examples. Otherwise, they're fine. If they have no idea what a person will do with the gun, that's ok. In this case, according to the jury (likely influenced by a prosecution that was superior in quality to the defense, yes), Anaya DID have reason to believe that his product would be used in an illegal act, and therefore he should not have provided it. And indeed, the jury got it right there, because he himself admits that he believed, or at least strongly suspected, that the F150 trap was used for illegal activity. Again, I'm not saying that the punishment was in any way reasonable; just that the maker of any sort of tool should indeed be held accountable if they provide that tool specifically for illegal use. Wow. Indeed, that's a pretty clear pattern. Looks like she spends her time looking for ridiculous things to get deeply offended by. Glad I saw this. We've got a team of three at SearchTempest and have been communicating almost entirely by email and gchat thus far. Have been meaning to try something a bit more feature rich for a while. Was planning to check out Google Hangouts, but HipChat sounds ideal. Will give it a look. I think there are a few different issues here. First off, I agree with you that to be charged with conspiracy as Anaya was - in other words, to be equally responsible as if he had committed the crime himself, a more specific awareness should be required. However, I do believe that it should not simply be OK to provide a tool to someone in full knowledge that they will use it to commit a crime. Perhaps more granularity needs to exist in the law for these cases. (Or maybe it even does exist, but was not well applied in this case, possibly due to a poor defense. IANAL.) Finally, there is the issue of arbitrary and unjust laws concerning technology. I do not disagree with you there at all, but it is a separate issue. It doesn't make sense to say, "It's OK to help people break laws, but only the unjust ones." Instead, the unjust laws themselves should be challenged. Obviously I don't like to see anyone go to jail due to an unjust law, but that doesn't mean that other laws should be distorted to work around it. I've had one break exactly once over many years of use. As far as I can tell, there was nothing special about that time. So less than 2% in my case anyway, but not zero. 2% is low enough though that I'm sure there are plenty of people out there who have had zero breaks just due to randomness. Are there many porns that have 3-4 hour continuous takes? If not, there's nothing stopping them from replacing condoms between shots. I highly doubt most pornos are shot like reality TV. I assume it was intended to be sarcastic. If so, I would point out that better condoms -> more people wearing condoms -> less spread of disease and fewer unwanted pregnancies. Good things in Western Civilization, but even more important in developing countries. For prototype condoms, or in general? Presumably they would stress test in a simulated environment, as well as perform human tests with participants who do not require them to be effective. (IE using alternate methods of birth control and having been screened for STIs.) I would imagine they would use volunteers in committed relationships. Or are you asking specifically how one would go about testing a condom's effectiveness? OK, but what stops them from daily performing a mirror clone, checking it for consistency, then backing that up? As mentioned in the linked update, 30 complete backups would consume only 900GB, so you could keep weeks of daily backups, plus weekly and/or monthlies going back much further, for a terabyte of space. That way, in the worst case, you could go back to a backup before the corruption began. Obviously you would want to have plenty of safeguards in place so that that never happened, but just in case , it's good to have an honest to goodness backup too. PG investigated the same concept in more detail in this essay: http://www.paulgraham.com/swan.html That reminds me of a little experiment I did on omegle.com (text chat site). I asked random people this question: "Say you win a lottery, and as your prize you can either have $1M, or a (true) random amount between zero and $5M. Which would you choose?" Perhaps unsurprisingly, everyone picked the guaranteed million. What did surprise me was that changing the $5M to $50M still resulted in around 90% taking the $1M, and at no amount could I get a majority of people to choose the random option. At a guaranteed $1M versus zero to $100B, it was split about 50/50. Apparently even a one thousandth of a percent chance of earning less than $1M is enough for many people to "play it safe". Either that or 50% of people don't understand basic math. ;) Exactly. I mean, I assume people operated under the assumption that the risk was non-transferrable, so I can see the logic in taking $1M over 0-5. You're giving up some expected value in order to reduce risk. Especially when you take into account the diminishing marginal value of money, especially around the low to mid millions, it makes some sense. What doesn't, as you say, is considering a random amount between zero and 100 billion dollars in any way risky compared to $1M. You're probably more likely to take the $1M then to be struck by lighting than you are to take the random option and end up with less. (And even THEN, ending up with $900k isn't the end of the world, so the odds are even lower of a really unfortunate outcome.) So you're giving up an absolutely massive expected value in order to avoid a truly miniscule risk. This is risk-aversion at its most ridiculous IMO. They sure were big on flight and diving back in 1900-1910, weren't they? Understandable that flight was the most futuristic technology conceivable at the time, but I was surprised to see all the underwater stuff (although in retrospect it makes sense for the same reason). Makes me excited to think just how unbelievable 2100 will be from today's perspective. Or, with exponential growth of technology, say 2040. You really can't extrapolate, because it's the completely new things that will be really revolutionary. (Is that redundant?) But also, I find it pretty hard to imagine building a successful technical startup in this manner. Not saying there's no value to non-technical founders, but alone? How do you evaluate the quality of the outsourced work? Yes, this is what I was thinking. Obviously you don't have to know everything, but having at least a basic background seems valuable. Even knowing how to code I find it's hard enough to find good developers, especially freelance. Also, and perhaps most importantly, when I find a minor bug in my app, I can fix it myself and push an update immediately. If I relied on freelance developers, well, crap, it's Good Friday. So very least I'm waiting a few days. And then maybe my developer isn't available to drop everything and work on my project on Monday (or Tuesday)... One of the primary advantages of startups is their ability to react and adapt quickly; running a technical startup alone, without a technical background, appears to give up some of that advantage. I agree that the word 'technical' is somewhat of a meaningless catch-all. If I were starting a restaurant, I would want to know how to cook. To start an auto shop, I'd want some mechanical skill; a clothing boutique, some knowledge of fashion; and a software startup... the ability to code. Of course there are other skills - management, marketing, sales, etc. - that would also be helpful. But as a sole founder, while not critical, it seems extremely useful to have some degree of competence in the primary area of work for your business. In fact, were I planning to start a software company without yet knowing how to code, I think my first step would be to learn enough to build the alpha version (or depending on scope, a core component thereof) myself. Not only is having a specific goal the best way to learn, it would likely result in all kinds of insights into the planned business that just couldn't be gained by farming it out. (In fact, that's exactly what I did with SearchTempest, before eventually hiring a far better developer than myself! :) ) Exactly. Mapping it to another key makes way more sense than just disabling it entirely. To enable caps lock on the iPhone (which only has one shift), use the 'Enable caps lock' option in Settings/General/Keyboard. Then you can double-tap shift to turn on caps lock. I basically never use CL on a regular PC, since it's easier to just hold shift while you type the word most of the time. On an iPhone though, it's actually pretty useful at times. If the code is crap, that might explain why it gets thrown away over and over. In my experience, if code is well-written, it should pretty much always be possible to update, revamp, pivot, etc. Rewriting from scratch (especially repeatedly!) is a waste of time that a startup can't afford. Reminds me of this Joel Spolsky essay: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000069.html The focus being on people does not preclude writing good code. Reminds me of my grade 10 computer science teacher. This was in 1996, coding in qbasic iirc. Anyway, he was biiiiig on comments. Consistently the only marks lost on my submissions were for insufficient comments. But these grade 10 assignments were pretty simplistic. I mean, if the assignment is to print the numbers 1 to 10 on the screen, wtf are you supposed to comment? I eventually got a perfect score by inline commenting every fucking line of the program. Glad to see the article make the distinction between well written, well commented code, and over-commented code. Not once through high school or university was I taught the basic concept of 'comment the why '; the what should be self-explanatory. Very much agree with this. It seems like a sort of analysis paralysis that specifically affects some programmers. Reminds me of a HN post a while back actually by someone who was passionate about building games, but ended up generalizing into building game engine tools, then graphical tools, etc., eventually spending years building ever more general tools, without making any real progress toward his true goal. You can write your code with modularity in mind, without necessarily having to completely decouple and generalize everything. Once it becomes sufficiently beneficial for a particular module, the refactoring then shouldn't be too onerous. (Regardless, this 'beautiful code checklist' is fantastic.) Except for the one day a year bit, which is key. In fact, to all spammers: you can send me all the spam you want before noon on April 1, if you in turn agree to not send me any spam any other day of the year. That is an extremely cool idea. Why worry about setting the exchange rate yourself when you can let the market do it for you! Server's overloaded. Cached version here: https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:pSYnpq... Or put a chair or stool out in front of you and rest one leg on it. Try to take as much weight as possible with your arms, basically just resting your leg on the chair as opposed to actively pushing off against it. As your arms get stronger you'll naturally use the chair less until you can remove it entirely. Also nice to essentially do a pull-up strip set. (Get a few extra pull-ups in when your muscles are fatigued and can no longer lift your whole weight.) Hydrogen and Oxygen compress though, and are combined into water in the station's fuel cells. Note that he's not suggesting adding an acronym to his replies . He's suggesting adding VSRE to emails you send to someone if you expect they may be busy, and you only require a short reply. If they have time and feel like writing you a long reply anyway, no harm done, but if they recognize the acronym, they can go ahead and send you a quick note. I already do something like this regularly, but since there's no existing shorthand, it generally means adding something like, "I'm sure you must be busy, so if you literally want to just send a one or two word reply, that's no problem! Cheers." If there were a universally-known way to say that in 4 characters, it would make things a bit easier when both parties are busy. That said, you could also just use a macro to add the above to an email. The closest parallel to the OP's suggestion that comes to mind is adding (nt) to the subject line of an email if there is no text, saving the reader the time of opening the body of the email. (Although this is made obsolete by most modern email programs, which show previews.) That's a great point. While I can't see this catching on in the wider world, it could certainly be used in a small team, say at a startup. In fact, I think I'm going to pass it on to the other two devs on my team right now! My understanding was that the whole point of VSRE is to be respectful of your time. The idea is simply to let you know that there's no need to write them a long reply if you don't have the time. You're still welcome to do so if you wish. How is that disrespectful? Perhaps the acronym should've been something like VSRA (Accepted), or SROK (Short Reply OK) instead. Mass, yes, but saving volume is also beneficial. Is Xrecruting.com a typo in the blog post, or in the domain actually registered? No. For one thing, this ruling simply dealt with copyright claims. If you scrape a site you are subject to their terms of service, most of which prohibit scraping. So there would be contract and possibly even CFAA claims to deal with. Also, the specific reason the copyright claims were dismissed in this case is that craigslist does not have an exclusive license on its posts. If Hacker News' terms exclusively license comments (which I doubt, but I haven't checked), that would make this particular ruling less relevant. It is also possible that the comments' authors could make claims against you, should they wish to do so. Exactly. There was also speculation that they realized it could open them up to liability for the content of posts, which obviously they would not want. I don't know, but I suspect that they can. If I own some data, I should be able to give (or sell) it to you and not to someone else. That said, once I've given it to you, if you choose to give it to someone else, I have no claim against that someone (although I might against you, depending on our contract). That's the heart of 3taps' position as I understand it; they get craigslist post data from third party sources like search engines, instead of scraping craigslist, and so do not have a contract with craigslist. Keep in mind, from the judgement, section II Legal Standard: In determining facial plausibility, whether a complaint states a plausible claim is a “context-specific task that requires the reviewing court to draw on its judicial experience and common sense.” Id. at 679. Allegations of material fact are taken as true and construed in the light most favorable to the non-moving party. http://3taps.com/images/pics/430_138734862-Judge-rules-in-fa... So essentially these findings are made while reading all facts in the best possible light for craigslist. So it's not necessarily saying, for example, that the compilation is copyrightable - just that it is conceivable that it could be. Yes, you're right. What I meant to say was that only the copyright claims were ruled on, but even that is not strictly accurate. (And in fact, a conspiracy claim was also dismissed, so doubly inaccurate.) To clarify, my meaning was that among the various potential legal impediments to scraping and displaying website contents, this judgement would set precedent for copyright only, if anything. Possibly, but it wouldn't have the benefit of being 100% legal, as voidnull's solution appears to be. Also if Wordpress were to discover your fake info they might take your site down. This is what I had in mind; good old CFAA. Ditto for entering false info in moneygram. (Not commenting on whether these things should be illegal.) There's a post on the EFF blog regarding some other elements of the decision (particularly relating to exclusive copyright licenses and to the CFAA): https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5641151 For me the key element of HN is discussion based on evidence and logic. By that definition (and most others), I consider bogleheads.org to be the best investment site out there. Looks like your last sentence answers your first. From their site: "While most of the components required are not immediately available with the exact specifications required, at this time, there is no need for radical modifications to the current component designs. All suppliers have confirmed their ability to build what is required--and they can do so now." So their meaning is that, while the specific stuff they need doesn't yet exist, the technology to create it exists. In other words, if the components were needed today, they could be built today, with existing ("validated") technology. Agreed that there's a non-trivial stretch from there to say the components themselves are validated. Wow, the comments on that blog make YouTube look like TED. Judging from them, you'd think the vast majority of the population were delusional conspiracy theorists and/or racists. This is great. Only downside is the limits and prices for the paid plans haven't changed. So before you could pay $5/month for 100GB of drive + 5GB free gmail; now $5/month gets you 100GB combined for both. Still, can't quibble too much over 5%. How about a paid feature to attach your own storage to Drive? Say $5/month, you specify ftp credentials (or sftp), and Drive automatically uses it as additional storage. Ideally you could choose folders that should always or never be stored on the external storage, and for anything else it would automatically push less-used stuff, like a swap. Seems like a win-win. Sure Google sells a bit less storage to advanced users, but many of those users would currently use something like OwnCloud anyway. This would be easier to set up though, lets you have effectively unlimited storage in one directory tree, and opens up syncing to anything that syncs with Drive. On Google's side, after the initial development investment, they get an additional income stream essentially for free. For $5/month though, I'd ideally want it to include a subscription to a dyndns-like service, so you could more easily host the additional storage on a home server. Thanks, now I'm sorely tempted to drop $60 on a machine that does nothing. What are you even talking about? If anything this is like performing expensive preventative maintenance on your car: the exact opposite of taping over the warning light. Yes we can. Spam produces good results too, for the spammer. Even if the every-day email volume tested well in the short term, it will still likely have long-term business consequences. And even if it works well for them in the long term, it is still a net negative to society. "Technical support informed me that my first HD died 20 days into my contract. The backup HD hummed along for a year." That sounds more like RAID than a backup HD. This is awesome. How about a version that records the interaction? Would be great for interviewing programmers! Like a fun version of interviewzen.com. Yes, this got me too. I expected that it would be required to ask the guard for another key, and when that was supported I figured I must've misremembered the command. Then I tried passing in my previous key variable in case it was still stored there. Took a while to try unlocking without specifying a key. The language is irrelevant. It's coffeescript, but the whole thing is 'beatable' with an understanding of logic by following its instructions. If you've never programmed before at all, some parts would indeed be tricky, including the part you mentioned. Still, if you understand how to solve the logic puzzle, you could do it using a temporary variable as previously demonstrated, rather than the more natural (to programmers) nested calls. Egad! No wonder so many Bay Area companies are going remote. Just use LastPass (or one of the alternatives, like 1password). Sure it takes a few minutes to set up and learn to use, but once that's done, it will be far easier and less error-prone than something like this. Plugins for all major browsers, as well as a couple of top mobile ones, apps for the major mobile platforms... password reuse is a solved problem. Sure, it sends data over the internet, but data is 256-bit AES encrypted on your local machine, and then is sent via SSL on top of that. So even if someone could get a hold of the data you're sending, they couldn't do anything with it. I finally started using LP a few months back after having it on my to-do list for a year, and I only wish I'd made the leap sooner. Can't do this for traffic waves, but it would appear the ideal solution to merge slowdowns is to have different speed limits before and after the merge. Regardless of anything else, the flow rate before and after a merge must be the same. Ideally you want the flow rate after the merge to be approximately one car every 2.5 seconds, with those cars traveling at the speed limit. (As opposed to the usual situation where post-merge traffic accelerates from a near stop, causing large, unnecessary spaces to form.) One way to achieve this is to have pre-merge traffic leave twice the space, but it's unlikely there are enough traffic-flow vigilantes out there to achieve that, if such a thing would even be desirable. Much easier is to keep the same time spacing between cars, but to have pre-merge traffic travel at half the speed. Traffic approaches the merge in two lanes, traveling at 50 km/h. The speed limit increases to 100 km/h, then immediately afterward the traffic merges. Speeding up from 50 to 100 naturally opens spaces, and traffic merges painlessly. There is no reason for a slowdown to occur, so no self-perpetuating gridlock. Of course, the slower speed limit is only useful when the road is filled to capacity; otherwise it would be inefficient. So for most roads you would want this limit to vary based on time of day (or even dynamically based on traffic volume, but obviously that would only be useful/necessary in extreme cases). Wow. Google maps is literally beautiful now. I just spent several minutes zooming in and out, just marveling at the detail. Absolutely agreed with this. Opened the comments just to mention that while I agree with most of the article, Sqwiggle would be a huge no-go for me. And that's essentially why. Even aside from the big brother aspect, I wouldn't want it for the same reason I hate those setups where you put two desks back to back and get to stare at your buddy across the table from you while you're trying to concentrate. It just doesn't make for a productive work environment. I don't want to have to think about what I look like while I'm coding. I don't want to have to worry about how it looks if I walk around while I'm thinking instead of sitting at my desk, or if I go to the bathroom too often or whatever . Google is actually doing away with online status as they move from Talk to Hangouts, and while it originally bothered me, I realized that I leave my status set to away all the time anyway! Having it advertised when I sit down at my computer - the exact time when I'd prefer people not bug me unless necessary so I can focus on what I'm doing - is counterproductive and useless anyway since I'll get their messages just as easily on my phone, and if they're important enough I'll answer them whether I'm busy or not. Aside from Sqwiggle, which I hadn't heard of but hate on sight, this sounds remarkably similar to my team's workflow. I'm not certain whether idonethis would offer enough benefit to be worthwhile compared to simple daily emails to a team mailing list, filtered into a label (or folder for non-gmail folks) though. Actually, we use Hangouts a bit differently too. We don't really have a concept of 'at work' vs 'not at work'. When I'm working, I am, by definition, busy. It's often more convenient for me to receive a chat when I'm not working - watching TV or whatever. Plus, I have Hangouts on my phone, so I'm very rarely unreachable, unless I'm sleeping. The distinction therefore shifts from at work/not at work to available/busy. If I'm available I'll answer a chat immediately; if I'm busy I won't, unless it's particularly important. Also, each member of our team works whatever hours are most convenient for them, which often don't overlap much, so it's beneficial that we're available when necessary to answer quick questions even when we're not in work mode. (Not that we need to often, since asynchronous methods of communication usually tend to do the trick.) It's similar to one of the many objections I had to Sqwiggle: this idea that since I'm sitting at my desk, it's therefore a good time to contact me. Often the exact opposite is true: http://www.paulgraham.com/makersschedule.html Awful in what way? I use LastPass every day and love it. (The Firefox and Chrome extensions, LastPass for Applications on Windows, and the Android app and keyboard replacement, and the Dolphin Browser plugin.) The Equivalent Domains settings are a bit clunky and would be better implemented with the ability to enter regular expressions directly in the URL fields of sites IMO, but it works. The keyboard replacement is no substitute for a real keyboard like SwiftKey, but combined with the app it makes for relatively convenient password entry in apps, and the Dolphin plugin is seamless. Otherwise, everything else about it product has worked perfectly for my use case. And there went my whole night. You want to add an option to disable a particular browser plugin in the core browser options? That doesn't seem like a good idea. Nice to remember just how rough we had it to really appreciate the state of search today. Searching for something as obvious as "President Clinton" (while he was President) and having the official White House page not even come up in the top 10 is unthinkable today. Of course, it still isn't #1, since that spot is universally reserved for Wikipedia... something that I suppose would've been unthinkable in 1998! What they should have done is announced that they were killing it, then when the entirely predictable public outcry hit, 'listen to the community', and make it a paid service instead. From the numbers Feedly and Newsblur and such are picking up, it doesn't seem like a stretch that a paid version of Google Reader could have brought in at least $10M/year, even given the resulting loss of users. The only difficulty would be converting from free to paid without massive backlash. The bait and switch would accomplish that. Hire a few full-time engineers to maintain it, and you've still got many millions of dollars in annual revenue for something that already exists. Surely even a company Google's size would be better off not throwing that away in the interest of 'focus'. But hey, Larry is clearly smarter than I am, so presumably he knows what he's doing. Heck, maybe he even realized that Reader had become an impediment to progress and removing it would be a net good (pun intended). The progress that's been made in just the past few months is certainly exciting. Wow, that's a good point though. Does anyone know whether Google uses links in private emails to refine search rankings? With gmail being the most popular free email by far, that might be a small but significant edge on the competition. (Not that Google needs such an edge at the moment, but that doesn't mean they'd pass it up.) If Google was already making that kind of money purely from ads Reader, then the rest of my reasoning stands. Just hire a handful of engineers to maintain it full time and enjoy raking in millions of dollars a year for many years. The fact that they shut it down suggests that it wasn't making millions of dollars from ads, so why not remove them and charge for it instead? As I said, the only real barrier would appear to be the reaction, which could be solved with a bit of manipulation, in fact spinning it into a PR positive. I suspect the answer is that a few millions dollars a year is considered pocket change by Google, insufficient to waste time on. To me that reasoning seems shortsighted. Again though, it's likely that Larry Page's sight is in fact much longer than mine. Ha, ya, I just said the same thing in reply to piqufoh regarding pocket change. The technical and focus issues I think could easily be handled by hiring a few people and having them 100% dedicated to Reader. $10M should be more than enough for that. You'd still be talking about revenue per employee of at least a couple million. (Google as a whole, with ~$50B revenue and ~50k employees averages about $1M revenue per employee.) The potential legal and especially reputation issues I hadn't considered though. If they're trying not only for internal, but also external focus - essentially shaping how people think of the company, which seems obvious now that you mention it - I could see how they would consider 'niche' products like Reader detrimental even if they do make good money. That's why you need to get the users to ask you to charge for it. Say, "Sorry, we have to shut down Google Reader because it's drawing needed resources from our other projects," or whatever. Then when people say, "NO! Please, just charge for it! I'd be happy to pay $20 per year for Reader!" you benevolently listen to the community and agree to transition to a paid service instead of shutting it down. For sure. And generally it is indeed very handy to have the Wikipedia result come up prominently. It's just interesting that a free, user-moderated encyclopedia as the world's predominant source of source of reference information would have been difficult to imagine circa 1998. I highly doubt it's even close to 90%. If it were, I think you're right that it's much less likely it would have been shut down. There are many very technical people out there that just don't find RSS fits with their workflow. Personally, I have a list of blogs I like to read in a couple bookmarks folders, and when I feel like reading them, I'll go to the bookmarks and see what's up. I don't really care if I miss posts, so I have no real need for a system that will catalog them all for me. I have tried a couple times to get into it, but just found it wasn't for me. (As a means of consuming media. I do use RSS for automating various processes, as well as the occasional RSS-to-email when I really need notifications for something (like rare classifieds posts I'm searching for).) Anyway, my point is, I'm pretty technical - I run a web based company and embrace plenty of modern technologies - and I never got into RSS. I'm fairly certain the majority of Google employees don't make regular use of an RSS reader either. (Although I imagine a significant minority do as well.) So instead of providing a useful service, they should distribute malware designed to... what, maximize their chances of being sued by craigslist? eBay owns a chunk of craigslist yes, but not a controlling share. The two companies have been involved in multiple legal battles. I doubt eBay is secretly pulling craigslist's strings while they sue each other. I agree that it appears Craig doesn't appear to have much say in legal matters at craigslist, but that appears to be because he has voluntarily ceded control to Jim Buckmaster. Does it increase the chances that they would sue? Yes, it does. Does it increase the chances that they'd win? Perhaps not, if your arguments hold. Does that matter? No, because you're still talking about stealth distribution of a program that tracks and republishes user data without their knowledge or permission! (And no, a notice buried in the TOU doesn't count.) Edit to reply to below: Ah, ok. Your phrasing of "piggyback your plugin into popular installers to get this on millions of computers" sounded like you were planning to sneak it in without users' awareness. If it's an explicit opt in, then I would have no great problem with that from a user perspective. (Of course as a user I'd prefer to just install what I want, rather than being presented with options for a bunch of unrelated stuff, but advertising and affiliate programs keep things going, so I deal with it.) Personally don't have a problem with the part about scraping something I might post on a classifieds site. Whenever I post something on a public web site I expect it to be scraped and to appear on search engines and such. It was specifically the idea of a service running on my computer, watching and potentially publishing aspects of my web use (and who knows what else), without my knowledge or permission that I took issue with. No, it's that craigslist has massive network effects working for them, so there's no incentive for buyers or sellers to use a different site, even with a better interface and feature set. 3taps is alleging that this monopoly position, combined with craigslist's legal and technical efforts to block any innovation that makes use of data posted on craigslist, constitutes anti-competitive behavior. Whether that assertion has legal merit I don't know, but it seems we'll soon find out. Edit: Ironically, Krrb itself is essentially an attempt to create this 'better craigslist' you describe. They attempted to deal with the craigslist monopoly problem by providing an easy way for users to post on both craigslist and Krrb, for which they received the C&D. It's a tough question. If craigslist truly does have a monopoly, then it indeed might be fair for competitors to have some use of content already posted on craigslist. Also, in the case of Krrb it's the user posting the content, who owns the copyright to such content, using their own computer to copy it to Krrb. Krrb is simply providing a tool for them to do so more easily. That certainly seems like it should be acceptable. You can read 3taps' antitrust claims submission here: https://3taps.com/papers/3taps_Amended_Counterclaim.pdf The 'Nature of the Case' section at the beginning provides their allegations regarding craigslist's monopoly. IANAL so I don't feel qualified to discuss the legal merits, although reading the claims they at least sound worth investigating. Plus there needs to be a certain level of creative expression for copyright to apply, so even the sentence, "I have a room in a 2-bedroom apartment for rent in Williamsburg, going for $1500," would almost certainly not be copyrightable. (That said, some of the posts on craigslist are certainly creative, so copying the full contents of everything would likely violate copyrights, but as you say, that's not what Padmapper is doing. (Not to mention the copyrights on the individual posts belong to the users, not to craigslist, in any case.)) Craigslist does not allow any app that automatically posts to craigslist, regardless of post quantity or frequency, so yes. Actually, that is only true if craigslist asserts an exclusive copyright to the content, which except for a three-week period last summer, they do not. Shared documents in Google Drive work pretty well for this - multiple cursors, integrated chat (although text-only I believe). But yes, this is decades later; we should be light-years beyond this, but are instead only just rediscovering it. Except that Iceland isn't even close to offering him asylum. "The proposal to grant Snowden citizenship received limited support when it was discussed Thursday — the last day before summer recess. Six members of minority parties were in favor out of Parliament's 63 members." http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/story/2013/07/05/nsa-snowden-ic... The great thing is, health care has been such a study in what can go wrong with free-market capitalism that it's nice to see a counter-example. The article doesn't do a good job of making the distinction, but there's a big difference between an evacuated tube and an excavated tube. In the first case, you lay a tube along the ground and suck all the air out. In the second, you have to dig a tunnel underground . Also as mentioned by others, Musk is apparently not talking about an evacuated tube, but it looks like ET3 is. (Unless the quote from Musk was actually that it's not a tunnel, in which case maybe he was making the same distinction.) DDG's obviously gotten a massive boost from this whole issue: https://www.google.com/trends/explore?q=duckduckgo I was a bit surprised that Firefox hasn't: https://www.google.com/trends/explore?q=firefox but obviously it has a lot more inertia. (Or maybe everyone switches to DDG first, and THEN looks for Firefox, so Google Trends doesn't know about it...) Ya, that's what I meant by the 'inertia' of Firefox. It takes a lot to move the needle on it. The comparison is definitely illustrative though. (The part about everyone finding Firefox on DDG was a joke.) Having just hired two senior programmers (admittedly for a small "software company"), I couldn't possibly agree more with this: "To me, however, a programmer is who I'm looking for, while a resume full of revenue increases and cost reductions sounds like an 'anomalously high-cost parasite who types some mumbo-jumbo into Excel and PowerPoint'." Resumes full of marketing-speak go onto the discard pile very quickly. I want to hear about your skills, and I want to see that you can present them effectively (which is your first opportunity to demonstrate your intelligence and aesthetics). People who claim to be programmers but talk about revenue growth and such in their resumes are always the types who want to talk to you about how they "have tons of great ideas, [they] just need a team to implement them!" Well great, then start your own company. I'm certainly looking for smart people with ideas, but we already have a product and work that needs to be done. We're not here to provide a team to implement our new hire's hand-wavey built-for-adsense get rich quick site or whatever. Whew. OK, veered a bit into hyperbole there, but it demonstrates the visceral sort of mental response that kind of resume can provoke... Edit: Given other comments that agree with focusing on costs and revenues, maybe the take-away is that you should really have two separate copies of your resume, and do your best to find out whether a programmer or non-programmer will be reading it before choosing which one to send. Because it seems like the reactions are essentially polar opposites. Which honestly I find surprising. I would expect that what sounds like mumbo-jumbo to one intelligent person would largely sound like mumbo-jumbo to another intelligent person, regardless of specific discipline - even if those disciplines are as different as marketing and programming. Perhaps I just haven't ever received a good resume that focused on financials. Technically you can also call yourself an engineer in Canada if you're an EIT (registered Engineer In Training), and you're working under the supervision of a P.Eng (Professional Engineer). ISTM that the primary benefit of the P.Eng system is that 'Engineers' are required to uphold a precise ethical standard; passing the ethics exam is probably the most significant hurdle in getting a P.Eng after actually finishing your degree. That said, it's also about the only hurdle aside from gaining 4 years of work experience in the field. (In theory you need to show improving technical skills, continuous learning, etc., etc., but in practice it's somewhat of a rubber stamp. (And coincidentally, at the end, you can get a rubber stamp.)) I keep reading this, but I'm missing what makes it special. If you create a large enough vessel of anything and evacuate all the air, you can make it lighter than air. Is it just that it's rare to find a material strong enough with respect to its density to withstand the necessary vacuum? (ie: would a titanium bubble with a sufficient volume to thickness ratio to be lighter than air implode? Or would it just be too expensive?) The point about paying extreme attention to a single user's needs reminded me very much of Stop Developing for the 90% Use Case : http://gist.io/5561992 , which came up here a couple months back. Basically it demonstrates the problem with aiming for the best ratio of user satisfaction to effort in each feature of your product. If each part of what you build covers 90% of users' needs, that sounds pretty good. But if your product has X main features, the percentage of users who will be entirely satisfied is 90%^X, which gets low very quickly. You need to focus on servicing all of someone's needs, not most of everyone's, but consequently all of no one's. These people are essentially famous in their business; what's the harm of posting their names in a video? That is an excellent idea. (To clarify, you're saying a company would need to have both a high number and a high ratio rejected to be penalized.) More generally, it seems logical to have the size of the penalty increase at a quadratic or even exponential rate, based on the number of rejected patents within a certain trailing time period[1], and scaled by the rejected/submissions ratio. So every rejection would carry a penalty, but the more that were rejected (both in total and as a percentage), the larger the penalty would be, at an increasing rate. It might also be an idea to do this with individual claims as well as, or even instead of, entire patents, to also deal with the overly broad claims problem. [1] Or even for all time, but with a weighting factor based on recency. Wouldn't want to get overly complex though. I imagine if you managed 50k in angel funding or 200k VC, you can probably scrounge together 11k somehow. You may well be able to borrow it personally from your existing backers if they're already willing to fund your company. You will need to eat and pay rent for the first few months at the very least, so you'll need to have some money. I'm sure Niantic can hook them up. It seems extremely awkward to me to be regularly trying to hit alts with your thumbs. In a normal typing position your thumbs rest near the middle of the spacebar. That's quite a reach, under your hand, which is trying to hit another key at the same time. Definitely worse than hitting ctrl with a pinky, at least for me. People really need to stop referring to their own work as "beautiful". Show, don't tell. If you make something truly beautiful, other people will say it for you. You can even quote them if you want. But you don't need to say it yourself. I agree with you there, and was thinking about that after making the comment. Any thoughts on how they could have gotten that across equally effectively without explicitly saying, "We're Google Analytics, except beautiful?" Honestly, maybe this particular case was fine, and they're not to be blamed for the fact that the cliche rubs off on them negatively. On the other hand, maybe they need to recognize that because of the cliche, some people - like me - will have negative or mixed reactions to their use of the word, even if it's otherwise wholly appropriate. Yes, but for that reason I always prefer when things use ctrl as a modifier instead of alt. So I wouldn't want to do more alting. I came here just to make this comment. I'm quite sure this concept appears in most of Sklansky's books, probably right back to the Theory of Poker (c1987). (I haven't verified that, but I know his more recent books like Small Stakes Hold'em, still more than a few years ago, covered ranges.) Also http://forumserver.twoplustwo.com/ I haven't looked at the answers yet, but here's what I came up with in pseudocode: A: Would one of the other Gods, who is not Random, say "da" \ if I asked him if God C was Random? (DA) { :God A or B is Random. C: Does "da" mean "yes"? (DA) { :God C is True. } (JA) { :God C is False. } C: Would you say "da" if asked whether God A is Random? (DA) { :God A is Random :God B is !God C. } (JA) { :God B is Random. :God A is !God C. } } (JA) { :God A or C is Random. B: Does "da" mean "yes"? (DA) { :God B is True. } (JA) { :God B is False. } B: Would you say "da" if asked whether God A is Random? (DA) { :God A is Random :God C is !God B. } (JA) { :God C is Random. :God A is !God B. } } I found it helpful to build the logic assuming they would answer "yes" and "no" in English. Once that was done it was fairly simply to modify it to handle the da/ja. That would've been my initial assessment too, but I've never read reddit poker, so I didn't feel qualified to compare the two... The idea doesn't need to be radically different, but it does need to be non-obvious. Your customer voluntarily offered to give away $700k out of the kindness of their hearts, to help the officers of a failed former vendor? Regardless of the size of the corporation, that's pretty incredible. Any idea why they agreed to do that? For sure, it just seems like the megacorp's legal department would be more likely to decide that the easiest way to minimize the tax was to not voluntarily accept it in the first place. One problem is that the land needed to build it belongs to the state. Admittedly another is that a massive amount of R&D remains to be done and is not factored into the cost. This is covered in some detail in the proposal. The capsules will be able to stop in the event of an emergency without hitting capsules in front or crushing passengers. Great video. Pretty clear that both occupant and vehicle fared worse in the 1950s. (Although after a serious collision I doubt many people care much how the car looks.) Presumably as well as facilitating this transaction with you A->X...Y->B they are also facilitating this with someone else: C->Y...X->D (In reality they would probably have many addresses and not just orchestrate simple pairs like that, but the idea is that the transactions balance out.) So they only need to seed each address with a bit of initial capital, then balance out the transactions. I don't know that it was the company, but I do know from personal experience that this appears to be godaddy's approach. Not only that, when I contacted them after the site went down, they couldn't even explain why. Instead they told me one of our scripts had a bug that was using up too many server resources. I explained that there was no bug, even offered to show them the source code (which they refused), etc. Turns out the 'bug' was that it was getting called too much due to high traffic. Yep, I left them behind after this incident years ago, and good riddance. Have had plenty reasons to not regret that decision since. Have a dedicated server with LiquidWeb now and am really pleased with their service. I'll call it the 'tower' usually. If it's an oldschool non-tower case, you'd probably be stuck using multiple words. The post doesn't have a lot of info, but the only rational explanation I can think of is that Paypal believes Mailpile is a scam intended to solicit donations through false pretenses. Have a large number of donors issued charge-backs (or whatever the paypal equivalent is)? Has Mailchip missed some sort of deadline that might have caused donors to complain to paypal? Regardless of any of those things this action seems on the surface to be a huge overreach by paypal, but at least in those cases it would make some kind of sense. Also, I assume there's something in the paypal use contract that gives them authority to take this kind of action? Clearly not a good idea to keep any significant balance in a paypal account. Seems entirely possible that this bot net represents an intentional attack on Tor. While it doesn't seem nearly as effective as it could be, that may be intentional as well, both to leave doubt as to its true nature, and to gather data with some long-term goal (likely eliminating Tor entirely) rather than simply causing short-term pain. It may be an attack on the network in the DOS sense, but it should not compromise anonymity because these bots are simply acting as clients, not relay (or exit) nodes. There's no way you could say a legally enforceable contract was formed in the context of a game show where they're expected to potentially lie to each other. I agree that there should be an easy way to get home from each page. That's why it's become standard to have the logo link to the homepage. The question is whether enough people are aware of that convention to dispense with the additional Home link in the navigation. True that we could test it, and we may well do so, but there are a lot of things we'll want to test about the new design, so we want to aim as close to optimal as we can to start with. Both good things to do, but they don't really solve the problem IMO. In order for any kind of mouse-over effect to work, the user has to move the mouse up into the corner and mouse over the logo. If they're doing that, they probably already have a good idea that the logo goes somewhere - likely the homepage. I'm wondering what percentage of people have no clue about that and would be likely to just get to your homepage however they got there in the first place (probably Google) if they can't see an explicit "Home" link. I expect this depends a lot on the audience though. I worked in an open office situation once with a co-worker across from me who listened to sports talk radio all day - no headphones. I literally can't imagine a more distracting work environment. Eventually, and amazingly we actually became decent friends... eventually. In the early days it was a matter of picking my battles, and there were other more important things to work on. (Hard as that might be to believe.) So for a while I just put my headphones in and tried to tune it out. (Initially I just asked him to turn it down, and I don't recall the exact response, but it was probably approximately, "No.") "I'm sorry" is commonly used both to express sympathy and to apologize. Holy shit. This victim, who 31 year old Dahmer claimed was his lover, was also 14 years old at the time, and the police returned him (naked and bleeding) despite his protests. (Sinthasomphone was disoriented at the time, having been drugged, but apparently still did protest.) At least the officer was fired: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Balcerzak Wow. Missed that part. It's unfortunate that there are essentially two very interesting but almost contradictory elements to this story. One is the incredible charisma and persuasive abilities of this sociopath from the point of view of someone subjected to them. The other is the shift in perspective the writer experienced at the time of the incident, not knowing that the person was a serial killer. He realized that it is possible to have strong feelings for someone of the same sex, to enjoy being admired by them, etc., even while not being interested in a homosexual relationship. It was probably a positive influence on his life. While it makes for an extremely compelling story, it's almost a shame the two are combined, because the original experience and its effect on the writer was in a way completely independent from the fact that the guy turned out to be a killer. Your tone is antagonistic. You could point out what you perceive to be factual errors without throwing around terms like senseless FUD and bullshit, and complaining about downvotes. In this conversation, the CH is expensive argument came up because the basic income proposed seemed large when converted to USD and compared to average US expenses. So Swiss expenses in foreign currency terms are relevant. If he didn't have one already, Legere is certainly going to need an assistant to triage his personal email now. The image of the Tor Browser is somewhat misleading, given that it would not allow this tracking via third party advertising cookies, at least with its default configuration. Indeed. In which case giving out his own email address is just a convenient way of filtering out a a certain type of customer service request, while also being good PR. He'd want a way to get important emails quickly without the EA having to manually screen them; I wonder if he uses a separate address, a whitelist, a tag (ie johnlegere+internal@tmobile.com), or a keyword in the subject. Guessing whitelist. I think that all depends on how many bitcoins. Lawyers aren't stupid. If he offered a multiple of their standard fee, paid in bitcoins at the current exchange, I doubt he would have any difficulties. (There are already plenty of successful lawyers out there defending wealthy clients on drug trafficking charges, and they obviously have a pretty good idea where their fees are ultimately coming from.) If they can solve their problem for less than $1 per day, they're probably a ways from the pack-up-and-move point. (Of course the effectiveness of this private security remains to be seen.) I've heard good things about Hawking's books as well, although haven't read any yet. Say a store has a stereo on sale for $300 and you decide that since the wholesale price was only $120, a fair price would be $150. You're saying as long as you plan to use it personally, you could lay down three fifties and walk out with it without 'benefiting'? Your benefit in that case would be the $150 you avoided paying. There is obviously a market for a phone with minimal choice, and it's filled nicely by Apple. I tend to agree that Android can be overwhelming, especially to new users, given the overwhelming number of choices, both critical and trivial. In my opinion though, the solution is not less choice, but better and stronger defaults. There's no reason why android phones couldn't be as simple as iphones out of the box, but have more options for configuration for users who wish to dig deeper. Instead, at the moment we generally have phones full of bloatware, where many of the defaults seem designed to sell products and services of questionable value, rather than to aid the user. The example of default application bindings in the article is a good one. That system is indeed terrible currently, but there's no reason it needs to be. At a minimum it should be possible to edit the bindings of any installed application, rather than simply clearing them all. (Right now it almost seems like the designers were trying to follow this philosophy of minimizing choice, but ended up with a hybrid that is both more overwhelming and less customizable than it could be.) There is also no reason why users necessarily have to be interrupted by the choice of app to perform a given action. Instead, an app could be chosen based on some predefined hierarchy, such as first installed. Then let the user override that choice if desired. (For example, by pressing the menu button within X seconds of one app launching another, then choosing the appropriate option.) You get the same benefit without overwhelming less knowledgeable users with choice. (And yes, some users might never realize that there was a choice at all, but that's a fair sight better than there indeed not being one.) Yes, I came here to say the same thing. They tried to correct for it by stating how far past life expectancy they are if you enter an age older that life expectancy at birth, but if you enter, say, one year less than life expectancy, you get an estimate of one year's worth of visits, which is not correct (or even close, really). Sports commentary has been called (paraphrase) 'a business built on talking about the results of a weighted random number generator'. I expect that parent is using this comparison to express a judgement on the value of the article... I wouldn't call an end to remote work incredibly positive. Unfortunate for those folks, but if it can prevent many more people from being infected, then still worthwhile. Even if it encrypts regardless, preventing the perpetrators from profiting will remove their incentive to keep spreading this stuff. Once antivirus catches up to the copies in the wild, the problem would be solved. Of course, whether it's actually possible to shut down enough servers to prevent them from profiting is another question. But it seems to me anything that makes it more difficult is a good thing, even though it does suck for those who lose data. Something like CrashPlan provides good protection against this sort of thing for home users. It includes versioned, off-site backups -- either on their servers for around $6 a month, or on a "friend's computer" for free. Either way, the backups are saved via crashplan, not with direct drive access, so it should be safe against this kind of thing. No affiliation, just a user. What about photos? I could see ransomware being very successful just demanding payment to avoid making a bunch of your personal photos publicly available on the internet. They may not be sensitive per se, but they're still likely not something you want out there publicly. Ditto for email, chat messages, etc., etc. Sure, it wouldn't prevent it completely, immediately. But 1) many users will do a search beforehand to see whether paying actually works. The less often it has worked for others, the less likely they will be to pay, and more importantly, 3) it would prevent them distributing new versions of the malware, which would prevent them profiting once antivirus caught up to the existing versions. This is incorrect. If you go to http://www.google.com/analytics/ , even having just logged out from analytics with cookies present, you get the splashscreen. (Unless they're A/B testing it and you're seeing something different from me.) No, there isn't. The hypothesis they were testing was whether a superfluous apology would increase the likelihood of strangers behaving in the desired manner. All they proved is that making a lead-in comment had this effect. We have no way of knowing whether it was because the lead-in comment was an apology, or if a broader range of comments would have had the same effect. Burn Notice already sold me on Miami. If only all my friends and family didn't live in Canada! The standard answer to this is that they provide liquidity. Whether that benefit outweighs the drawbacks is a subject of debate. This is extremely cool. For anyone curious what the various compression levels of gzip do, the full explanation is here: http://www.gzip.org/algorithm.txt . Basically the higher the compression level, the more times it spends searching for the longest possible matching string to point to. Unfortunately this is true, much like all the news about the Model S fire. Plus many people have an inherent distrust of technology. I would go so far as to think many people would see an accident caused by an autonomous vehicle to be somehow worse than a "normal" accident. That said, it does seem inevitable; just a matter of time (perhaps a lot of it). Finally, I suspect it will be necessary (more for PR than technical reasons) to require a capable driver ready to take over in case the autopilot were to fail, much like with commercial airliners, at least during the initial adoption period. And if so, it also seems inevitable that the majority of crashes ostensibly caused by these vehicles will in fact be due to drivers taking control and making poor decisions at inopportune times. You know when people complain about GPS because it led them astray, but it turns out the real problem was they didn't trust it in the first place, so ignored its directions? Yes, more likely it would be lower for the autonomous vehicles once their enhanced safety was proven, as opposed to higher for other vehicles. Or even better, just set speed limits at realistic levels (around the 85th percentile of natural traffic flow) for everyone. That said, I assume the driverless vehicles would at least be programmed to exceed the speed limit if necessary for an emergency maneuver. SearchTempest ( http://www.searchtempest.com/ ) -- Search multiple craigslist cities, eBay, Amazon, etc., in a single search. Cool because it's all based on Google Custom Search, so we can do it without scraping craigslist (or indeed, accessing them at all). AutoTempest ( http://www.autotempest.com/ ) -- Similar idea, except searches multiple used car classifieds sites: craigslist (via SearchTempest), AutoTrader, Cars.com, eBay Motors, Oodle, CarsDirect... We're affiliated with some of the sites, and for the others we use Google Custom Search, and/or link to their results pages in new windows. If only my blogspammers were that quick on the uptake. I've got moderation turned on, so none of their posts ever see the light of day, and I still get tens of them every day. Very true. So we need to find a way to prevent spam that doesn't involve differentiating between a human and a bot. Half of the captcha (the illegible nonsense) is the actual test. The other half is usually easy to read; that's the scan from the book. You can actually answer anything for that part and still pass the test, although obviously if you do, you're not helping digitize books. That is a great analogy. I don't think my wife would appreciate being sent the link, but I may borrow the analogy. :) This sounds like a good option. It's along the lines of their original approach, and by adding the friction and personal contact of an email, much less likely to be abused. "Furthermore, the conversion of requiring people to beg via email to explain they're broke is next to zero. People won't do it." Entirely true. But it would remove the conflict of offering the scholarship option only to people who cheat, which is the whole point. They can of course continue to also offer it to those who do, just like now. Exactly. And much slower as well. Obviously if you expect to be interrupted you can take the time to download your brain onto paper, but trying to do all your work on paper would be like running your CPU through a printer->scanner loop-back. That's certainly more realistic, but I think it was pretty clear in the video that the device identified the various types of sounds coming from outside, and allowed the user to independently control the amount of each to be let through. That shoe-on-head verification could've been an awesome PR win too. (Assuming it was presented as one option among many. Best would be to offer the choice of several of the options you suggested, as well as the government ID option.) Reminds me of cumin. I always thought it smelled like really bad BO, and my wife thought I was crazy. This made me check, and it turns out lots of people agree! Agreed. Especially unimpressive is the long delay between when they apparently discovered the cause and now, when they still haven't revealed it, even as the rep has stated for weeks that it'll be "any day now". I also wasn't super impressed with the first few replies from lower level reps that kept suggesting blowing it out with compressed air even after it was clear that there was a larger problem. I believe the ad-hiding feature in this app is optional as well, so you can have it let ads through, to be managed by ABP as you like. Even easier than checking the source code, you could use a program like Fiddler2 to watch the network traffic from your browser, to double-check that the extension isn't sending home any private data. Any idea why not? Looking at that pogo demo video, it seems like building the jack into the phone and supplying the adapter would be a perfect solution. I guess the main down-side is that it's another thing to keep track of. Hmm... one thing that might help with that is to include a slot in the charger for the adapter, just to have somewhere to put it that isn't likely to get lost. That's the great thing about something like the pogo shown in the op though (except built into the device). It's entirely backward compatible, so they could include a set of headphones that connect directly, as well as the adapter that lets you use a standard 3.5mm jack. Less exciting if there's no one using the app within that radius though, no? Hey, [1] was only 1584 days ago. [2]'s looking not too bad for only 225 weekends in. Yep, that's fair enough. And you certainly don't have to make an app that's useful for everyone everywhere. Still, getting it to catch on will be hard enough even if people can find others to chat with, it makes sense to do what you can to help with that. How about keeping the tagline the same, and keeping it at 1 mile as long as there's someone there to chat with. But if not, you could prompt the user: There's no one else online within a mile. Want to look a bit further away? Or something along those lines. Huh, never thought of that. That probably is kinda handy. I had always just assumed it must have been an ease of implementation thing. (Explanation 8.) Their suggestion that you could just check the 10s column instead of the 1s is misleading. You would have to test both the 10s and the 1s column to get a 10 minute differential, unless the original alarm time happened to be a multiple of 10. Amazon is annoying in the opposite way. Even if you're logged in, they give no indication at all that they won't ship something to you until you actually try to buy it. Very irritating when comparing several options to have to add every one to the cart to check that you can actually buy it before wasting the time of considering it too carefully. Hmm, I just double-checked and I don't get that. I'm in Canada. Have two addresses registered, both Canadian. For example, [1] is appears to be available, and also claims to have free shipping (as do many items listed on amazon.com eve though the free shipping is US only). When I add it to my cart, proceed to checkout, and choose an address though, it lets me know about the "slight problem" with my order... the fact that I can't get it. Maybe it's only Amazon Fulfillment items that do this? [1]: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009ENG6TI/ref=ox_sc_sfl_ti... But they wouldn't need to use it for anything critical. Just for a message like, "It appears that we can't ship this to your current location: Calgary, AB, Canada . Please _log in_ to check availability to your shipping address," or something along those lines. But I am logged in and have set a default shipping address. So either it's different depending on country, or it's because this item is a fulfillment item, or if you're also in Canada and looking at the same item... I don't know, I guess Amazon just doesn't like me? But the worst case then is that you add something to your cart and then find out later that you can't buy it, just like now. It's not going to make the cart self-destruct. ;) If it thinks you're in Montana once, it's probably going to every time. So you'll see exactly what you see now. Heck, maybe this is exactly what they DO do, and it thinks I'm in Washington so I never get a message. :) But for the majority of cases where it can geolocate the country properly, at least to the resolution of US vs not-US, it would be helpful. There's a difference between passion and just being rude though. Not only is the latter unpleasant, it removes any chance you might have had of convincing anyone of anything. I mean, his third post ended with, "THIS IS NOT A JOKE. FIX THIS! NOW!" Can you imagine anyone reacting positively to that? Tried that already. No change. To take the counter-argument, do these things really need the protection of patents then? Wouldn't the situation be better for the user if minor innovations of this sort could be borrowed, and companies instead needed to continue innovating in order to differentiate their products? I could see a short protection period for things like this, but the magnitude of current protections seems extreme. I think he's saying that the previous industry that airbnb is disrupting is "nothing". As in, there was nothing pre-existing that satisfied the same demand as airbnb. I expect if we were all going to convert to UTC anyway, we'd also convert to 24h time while we were at it. Time zones tend to come into effect in two situations: when you need to communicate across them, and when you need to travel between them. In the former situation, I agree that having one universal time would simplify things. Also agreed that as long as you tend to stay in one area, it wouldn't be a big deal to get used to dawn at 17:00 or whatever. What I think would be tricky is if you did a lot of traveling. With time zones, you can simply change your watch/phone to local time, then work based on that. With universal time, you would need to either constantly work out what time morning/lunchtime/business hours/etc. are in this new place, or you would have to change your watch/phone to some fictional time to simulate the times you're used to. Either one seems significantly trickier. Of course, nothing stops people from using UTC only for the situation where it's really useful: long-distance coordination. (And as mentioned in other comments, that's often done already.) Yes, you're right of course. I must have jumped the rails tracing back up through the thread. That's an excellent point. So really the disadvantages that I considered with respect to traveling apply to communication as well. Well, when someone asks me what time it is now, I don't say, "The minute hand of my watch is pointing at the 1, and the hour hand slightly past the 3." Instead I translate it to "three-oh-five". Wouldn't be too much of a stretch to say 15:05 instead. (My point being that many watches and clocks already don't give us the literal time as it's spoken, just a representation.) Edit: although just to be clear, I don't actually think we should switch to a single time zone. It would cause all kinds of headaches. I just think if in some universe it were to happen, it would necessarily go along with a switch to 24h time. Yes, I agree that traveling would be hell with a single time zone regardless. Yes. Also, when a company knows it needs to design a 100% driverless car, safety will necessarily be the primary concern when designing the firmware. While that's theoretically the case regardless, recent Toyota fallout[1] shows that car companies perhaps aren't paying enough attention to this given that they have a human driver ultimately making the decisions. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6636811 Honestly, I would rather this situation occur to a "defenseless" driverless truck than to one with a driver who might be injured or killed in the process. I highly doubt the rate of people stepping out in front of semis to rob them would increase drastically in any case. A bit more balanced take on the issue here: http://www.medicaldaily.com/mcdonalds-use-ammonium-hydroxide... I don't know, $1.1M is a lot of money. If someone stole a million dollars from my company, I don't know if I'd be rushing to reimburse it with personal funds (assuming I even could), however bad I felt for the users. That said, if I recall correctly, one case where the corporate veil can potentially be pierced in a lawsuit is negligence. IANAL, but maybe users would have a legitimate case against personal funds, assuming keeping a large percentage of deposits online was found to be negligent. It'd obviously be an incredibly complicated and expensive class action suit if it were to happen though. Also it would probably mean trying to bankrupt a guy who just got hacked and lost his company... Meh, he provided a bunch of useful and relevant info, and subtly (but not misleadingly) plugged his business. I don't mind. I wonder if this is a problem that could be solved with an evolution of the technology. Meaning bitcoin (or a future crypto-currency) policing itself in a distributed manner, without requiring a central authority. Perhaps some way to hold referendums as to whether specific coins should be considered stolen. And if passed, some predetermined resolution mechanism would come into play, whereby the stolen coins would no longer be valid anywhere, and new coins would become available - either returned to the theft victim, or added to the mining pool, or something. No, it's becoming "too valuable" in terms of the goods a person would normally buy with it. It is more convenient to quote prices in whole number units than in tiny fractions of a unit. The USD is irrelevant here. Ah, that's a bit different then. Thanks. I wish the [Deleted] thing didn't blend in so well with the post above. Always ends up confusing me for a second. Ya, I don't disagree. satoshies or mBTC or whatever. I'm just saying that the argument has to do with cost of goods in BTC, not anything related to USD. Was anyone else reminded of this? http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/29/magazine/dave-eggers-ficti... "Denise’s smile was pained. “But then there’s your absence at most of the weekend and evening events, all of which are of course totally optional, and your corresponding PartiRank, which is surprisingly low for a newbie." "Optional" beer party anyone? Ya, the LinkedIn stuff was spookily similar too. You were living in the (dystopian) future! "On Friday, you find out that your dad’s O.K. But the rest of the weekend, you basically go blank. You logged into your profile only three times, and nothing was updated. It’s like you disappeared!" BTW: if you haven't chosen a new gig yet, or you're still freelancing as well, feel free - or encouraged - to fire me an email (in my profile). We're based just over here in Victoria, but do the 100% remote thing. Interesting article, but I was a bit disappointed; I was expecting it to look at names originally derived from occupations, like Baker or Smith. Their approach obviously makes more sense; it's just not as much fun. Does anyone have a sense of what percentage of the smartphone-owning population actually knows what QR codes are and would bother to scan them? I'm as technically savvy as your average HN reader I would think, and I ignored the things for years before finally spending the 2 minutes to learn what they are. It's always made me assume that the average person wouldn't bother with them. There's a great example of this kind of thinking on the homepage right now: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6736001 . The last sentence in the article: “But first, this problem needed someone like Jorge,” he said. “An obstetrician would have tried to improve the forceps or the vacuum extractor, but obstructed labor needed a mechanic. And 10 years ago, this would not have been possible. Without YouTube, he never would have seen the video.” "An unpublished study by Shikhar Ghosh at the Harvard Business School found that three out of four companies backed by venture capital did not return the investment. Again, it is in these cases where the founders and employees typically are entitled to receive no payment." In 75% of cases, the founders and employees receive nothing. In 20-30% of cases, the VCs also receive nothing. Given that a "pair of primes" simply refers to two primes within a fixed maximum distance of each other, not necessary separated by exactly 2, I assume a "quadruple of primes" would refer to the same thing. Not four numbers each separated by two, but four numbers all within a given distance of one another on the number line. (Whether this distance would be described as the total span encompassing all four numbers, or the maximum distance between any two of the four, I don't know.) And of course, you could generalize four to k, and quadruple to k-tuple. True. What I meant was, I'm just not sure which convention is commonly used when speaking of prime k-tuples. Of course, one would expect there to be more search traffic for "buy bitcoin" than for "sell bitcoin", regardless of the actual demand for bitcoins, since most people would want to learn how to buy first, and in the process would also learn how to sell. http://lmgtfy.com/?q=rob+rhinehart+startup Where in Europe? The electronics company I worked at in Belgium back in 2004 had plenty of 'em. I suspect that this is the result of incompetence on their part rather than an actual intent to log private data. Either way though, obviously not good. I'm definitely going to have to remember that one for later. It still makes for a pretty damned backhanded compliment. Just got myself a beautiful new 2560x1440 27" monitor. Set DPI scaling in Windows to 125% so I can enjoy the full native resolution while still being able to read text on the screen. Tried to use Quickbooks and half the fields are cut off. Their solution? I need to "optimize" my DPI scaling settings - AKA, set it back to 100%. I mean, if they can't actually support scaling properly, couldn't they at least override it so the interface doesn't completely break itself with scaling turned on? It boggles my mind how they put out a new version of these products every single year, and yet seem to manage to avoid actually improving their most glaring deficiencies. Edit: Just read the fine print more closely there. Indeed, in the Windows 7 compatibility settings in shortcut properties, you can turn off DPI scaling for individual programs. That helps! IMO the best way to go about it in this case would have been simply to express your appreciation/admiration/whatever for his actions here, and ignore the past. That would clearly imply that you've at least somewhat adjusted your opinion, without having to explicitly bring it up. Of course, it also wouldn't have spawned a hundred-comment sub-thread. I can understand that POV, but I expect you're in the minority. Most people in my experience respond better to "I respect you," than to "I used to think you were a cock, but now I'm reconsidering and starting to respect you." Maybe it's just late at night, but how does this work? I understand the words "invisible separator", but for lack of better phrasing, I don't see an invisible separator. Ahh, thanks, that's the actual name of the character! 3am and I've already learned something new for the day. Great timing! Getting a virtualbox dev environment set up with Vagrant was literally on tomorrow's to-do list. Now I know where to start. :) More like the anti-soylent. Nice texture, no nutritional content. It's worth noting that that Warren Buffet quote was from an annual letter written in 1988. The retail investing landscape was very different then than now. For quite some time, Buffet has been a strong proponent of index investing. Here's one from that same annual letter, in 1996: Most investors, both institutional and individual, will find that the best way to own common stocks is through an index fund that charges minimal fees. Those following this path are sure to beat the net results (after fees and expense) delivered by the great majority of investment professionals. Seriously, costs matter. True, he doesn't say you can't beat the market. But he does say, then and now, that you probably shouldn't bother trying. Plus, say through in-depth research and know-how, you do manage to beat the market. At best, you've created a part-time job for yourself. Unless you're managing other people's money, or have a 7-figure+ portfolio, I expect the time taken to do the due diligence necessary to consistently beat the market - if indeed such a thing is possible - would end up paying a lower hourly rate than you could earn doing other, more reliable, less zero-sum things. Yes, I realize he is talking about index funds vs high cost mutual funds or paying an adviser for stock picks. And I agree that direct investing in stocks should be superior to high-cost mutual funds. (In fact, even if we did believe in the EMH, that would only mean the expectation is roughly the same as an index fund, just with a lot more volatility.) Still, the default advice of the supposed world's greatest stock picker is to stick with index funds. It's not, "Here are my rules of thumb for picking great stocks," or something along those lines. (I strongly suspect that Graham's advice would have been the same if index funds had been an option in his time.) That suggests to me that at the very least, he clearly believes that picking stocks is difficult . So sure, Warren Buffet, someone who you would expect to be highly biased toward stock picking, doesn't completely rule it out. But he doesn't endorse it in general either. Fair enough - if you enjoy doing it, then it's a hobby and it doesn't matter how much you make. But I certainly wouldn't want to put an entire 7+ (or even 6) figure portfolio in a single stock, or even a handful of them. Say that your analysis is dead-on, but some completely unforeseen event strikes the couple of companies you've invested in. There goes a good chunk of your life savings. I certainly don't think there's a problem with devoting a small percentage of your portfolio (say 5%) to stock picks, or even a larger percentage split over multiple stocks, if you enjoy doing it. I occasionally do it with 5% too. But with retirement savings, I like to have as many guarantees as possible. By investing globally in index funds, I have as much confidence as possible that unless the world implodes, my savings will grow over the coming decades. If I pick individual stocks, even a decent number of them - holding say 10-15 at a time - and even if I actually AM really good at it, it is entirely feasible that I could lose money in the long term through bad luck alone. So even if I can increase my expected value through stock picking, I also significantly increase my risk. I find personal finance fascinating too, but I prefer to spend my hobby time studying multifactor investing (regression analysis, etc.) and researching the optimal funds to achieve a moderate small and value tilt, while maintaining low costs and broad diversification. Absolutely. Index funds reduce the burden, but don't absolve you of making decisions. Asset allocation, as you say, is still hugely important. So is geographical diversification. I briefly used Microsoft's Azure Bing custom search engine, or whatever they call it. I found the support to be extremely responsive and reasonably knowledgeable, even though I was only spending a few hundred a month. That said, the actual product features and terms of use were both significantly behind both Yahoo BOSS (which uses the same Bing index) and Google's search API. (One particularly terrible term was that you can't use it on pages with any advertising besides Yahoo/Bing ads.) Thanks, I'll take a look. I did read the Intelligent Investor years ago and enjoyed it, but honestly between searchtempest, family, and relaxation time, I'm also pretty happy to have a portfolio that can run on autopilot. :) My top book recommendation BTW would be the 4 Pillars of Investing by Bill Bernstein. Why do the new UltraHD monitors need to have the same name as previous Dell monitors? It's just a name. In fact, UltraSharp vs UltraHD seems like a great way to distinguish between 4K+ and lower res monitors, while still making both seem "good" to consumers. Sure. But as someone who has owned several Ultrasharp monitors, I don't feel that it would hurt their brand to come up with a different differentiator for 4K monitors. The brand is Dell, not Ultrasharp. I can almost guarantee that anyone who even knows what Ultrasharp means would be the kind of people to research the specs of a monitor before buying it anyway. So maintaining that 'brand' across all their high-end monitors just doesn't seem necessary. I was hoping he'd find some way to double-hinge the wardrobe door so it could function as both a door and a desk! Still obviously very cool and far more than I could do (or more importantly, as you say, even come up with). Samsung should really take a page from HTC's book and put more focus into low-light performance (both with and without flash), rather than worrying about cramming in even more pixels. The camera in the vanilla GS4 is already more than sufficient for any recreational user in daylight. (And non-recreational users won't be using their smartphone camera anyway.) How many value investors actually manage to have positive three-factor alpha[1] though? Sure, adding a value tilt gives you an expectation of beating the market. Doing so on a risk-adjusted basis, after taking into account both increased volatility and the idiosyncratic risks of value stocks, is more difficult. That said, if one is not sensitive to those idiosyncratic risks - ie if they have good job security and/or a large financial cushion - a value tilt can indeed provide an edge over the market. I personally would rather get it with low cost value index funds though, rather than taking on the non-systematic risks of investing in individual stocks. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fama%E2%80%93French_three-fact... Agreed - worst thing you can do on a long scrolling page is hijack the ability to scroll like that! It looks like RJ47 is an analogue connection using an RJ45 connector. Not much info on it out there, but I expect this describes its wiring: http://www.talkaudio.co.uk/ipb/index.php/topic/102601-rj47-w... Really? The project is an abject failure because it was made available without an Android or Windows Phone version? Sure it would be cool if it had one, but I think there are enough people out there with access to desktop browsers or iOS devices to make it at least marginally worthwhile! Here's a question. We all know that if you're interrogated by the police, we don't want to say anything without a lawyer present, regardless of our total innocence. So, say the cops show up at your house and arrest you. What's the best way to find a good criminal lawyer in this situation? If I learned anything from watching The Practice it's that the good lawyers aren't the ones who advertise in the phone book. Normally to find a professional of any sort I would look for personal recommendations and/or do some Google research, but that would be difficult from an interrogation room. Should we all find good local criminal lawyers now, on the off chance we're ever suspected of a crime? Is everyone seeing a bunch of screwed up inline links, or is it just me? Stuff like this: http://A young Stewart Brand &mdash; who would shortly launch The Whole Earth Catalog &mdash; operated one of the cameras in Menlo Park. Brand, along with others,">was fairly mind-blowing Yes! This stuff is incredibly exciting. With Omni + Kinect + OR, we're starting to get close to Otherland-style VR. It's going to be interesting. There was an interesting comment on that youtube video too. (Shocking, I know.) When watching content for the OR on a monitor, you can actually see it in 3D by crossing your eyes so that the two pictures overlap. It's a bit taxing and obviously... rather less immersive than the Rift, but it does work and is fun for a few seconds. Edit: experimenting with it a bit, I've found an easy way to do it is to full screen and sit a good ways back from the screen. (I went about 5' from my 27" monitor.) Then hold your hands up in a sort of window about a foot in front of your face. The idea is that looking through a window between your hands, each eye can only see the picture opposite it. Not seeing the other picture makes it a lot easier to focus on the composite one. Awesome. However, I am 100% certain that there can be no one toaster that 80% of the world would agree is the best. So I think to some extent we are stuck doing our own resource (directly or indirectly), since only we know what we want. (There's no perfect spaghetti sauce.) I'd take the retina data input further, and say that I want a bypass for all nervous system communication to my brain, in both directions, in order to achieve all of 1. Unlimited augmented reality 2. Perfect virtual reality 3. Automated body exercise (while in virtual reality). That said, I also want this to not have any unintended negative consequences, either personally or societally... So where would you go to find a talented freelancer then? (Assuming you don't have any good word of mouth recommendations.) Not sarcasm - I'm generally interested if you have a better way of finding them that's more reliable that google searches or trolling stackoverflow. Could SE improve that by generating a sitemap that de-emphasizes closed questions? IIRC Google gives the option to control the relative weighting of various pages without deindexing them entirely. (Although maybe a sitemap on the scale of SO would be problematic in some way? I've certainly never tried to create one that large.) So presumably if anything the price wasn't high enough... I really hope Evernote's take-away from this is that they need to scale back development on all their auxiliary stuff - hello, food, whatever, as well as all but the most critical feature requests, and focus as much as possible on making the core experience bulletproof. I would _hate_ to have to give up Evernote, but like others here, am extremely apprehensive about the possibility of losing data. One stop-gap they might be able to implement quickly would be a scale-up of their version control. They could throw money (storage space and bandwidth) at the problem, increasing the number and frequency of revisions stored. Certainly not as good as preventing loss in the first place, but reliable versioning would help minimize catastrophic loss in the meantime, and would still continue to be valuable once things are more stable. I dislike hearing software described using broad adjectives like "bulky" without supporting analysis. Does this mean it contains features you find useless? (Which ones?) Do you find the interface unintuitive? Or does it run too slowly? One person's "bulk" or "bloat" or "cruft" is another person's key feature, so it seems to me it is important to specify what exactly the bulk consists of. Without more detail, it's akin to an ad hominem. Even if that's the case, the correct response is not to endanger them right back. That's like people who tailgate because they think the person in front of them is going too slow, or the ones who slow down because they think the person behind them is going too fast. Two wrongs don't make a right; they just make things twice as bad, or worse. I don't think that's what that comment suggests. The commenter is acknowledging that some people give one star just to have their comment seen, even though they think it's a good app, but that he personally is giving one star because he thought it was indeed awful. Tafl games are indeed cool. This is just one variant of many, and we actually don't even know what exactly the original rules were. Best guesses are constructed largely from off-hand references made in unrelated literary works. Lots of good info in the wikipedia page (as always): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tafl_games The problem is Dell's cheap 4k monitor is also 30Hz, so you're not much better off than the Seikis there. I think the effect on lower resolution monitors is already being seen. I just picked up three Benq BL2710PTs, which are fantastic monitors, for $600 each in Canada. (And that's only around $550 in USD.) A month ago they were $750 up here. Personally I prefer the large horizontal span of multiple monitors to a single large one, so I'm pretty happy with the choice. Plus, $1800 for three monitors vs $3500+ for one, even if it is an awesome one. If you do decide to go with the 27s, I can't recommend the Benq strongly enough. I tried the Dell U3014 and the Asus PB278Q before this one, and it wasn't even close. (Brutal overshoot on the U3014, plus I found 3x30" a bit much, and I definitely found the PWM of the Asus fatiguing - although apparently many don't notice it.) Some people don't mind it, but others (myself included) find it annoying even for things like scrolling, moving the mouse, etc. Also I suspect many (most?) of us at least occasionally game on our development machines... The problem is when it gets upvoted above the other responses it just becomes confusing. SearchTempest.com got to the point where it was my main gig about 5 years ago, although it's since leveled off. Like anything, you end up being pretty active if you want to continue making that "passive" income. :) I'd rather not get into specifics, but between SearchTempest and AutoTempest, we've bootstrapped up to a team of four. My goal isn't really to get huge or make a pile of money though; mostly just want to keep it going and being as useful as possible, while keeping up with the times. (We really need to get the sites working better on mobile devices; getting ready to release a fully responsive AutoTempest soon...) Is there a similarly simplified explanation for why the black hole tends to 'eat' the negative-mass halves of the virtual particle pairs but not the (or at least more often than the) positive-mass ones? Just going by your explanation above, it seems just as likely that the positive-mass particle would be captured by the black hole, emitting the negative mass one, but since the black hole loses mass through this radiation, that must not be the case. I'm experiencing exactly this frustration with their acquisition of SageTV now. (Well, the acquisition was a while ago, but the pain is starting now.) MythTV is theoretically an alternative, but requires quite a bit more time investment it seems. Just a few days ago we had this: https://xkcd.com/1321/ This piece seems pretty spot-on all around. That said, I don't know anything about Mr. Nadella, but I have spent a significant chunk of time trying to use the Bing API from the Azure market, as well as competing products from Yahoo and Google. I found the Microsoft API to be significantly behind both competitors in features, performance, documentation, terms of use, and price. Even with Yahoo BOSS using Bing's index, it manages to offer significantly better search features, a lower price, and less restrictive terms. (You can't use the paid Bing search API if you run any ads other than the Bing network!) And neither one holds a candle to Google in most cases. Anyway, but experience with Azure was deep rather than broad, but it was enough to give me a strong belief that if this represents the great hope for Microsoft's future, things aren't looking so bright. Most of my childhood, I thought that line was "and checks for free". It made perfect sense! I don't know about France, but in many jurisdictions, a "reasonable person" standard is used. While I don't personally believe accessing publicly available files should be illegal in any case, I do think that in the situation as described (with the admission of traveling up the path hierarchy to find a login page), most "reasonable people" would indeed infer that the files were not intended to be publicly available. That's not a fair analogy though. I agree that I wouldn't expect every page on twitter to be protected. But if you find a direct link to a random document indexed by Google, then check and the page that links to that document is protected, I personally anyway would assume the document itself was exposed accidentally. Obviously not everyone agrees though, which makes the reasonable person thing difficult to decide. As for the lock on the door comment, I'd say it's more like if you noticed a store is left unlocked in the middle of the night, and therefore assume you're welcome to go in and walk around. In fact, they probably didn't leave it unlocked as an intentional invitation. I was lucky enough to get hit by this early. I always cruised through math with very little effort, doing any required homework in the 5 minute break before class, etc, and getting near 100%. In grade 9, I didn't fail hard or anything, but I did struggle with the final exam, and ended up with a B in the course. Fortunately that was enough of a wake-up for me, and at that point it was still early enough to correct course without a massive upheaval. I'm thankful I didn't continue to cruise until hitting a real wall in university. This actually makes me hopeful. It was looking a lot like Windows 8 was the first step toward phasing out the desktop entirely. Certainly providing the simplest, most streamlined default experience for casual users makes sense, for the reasons specified. If they're explicitly thinking that that will then allow them to provide more advanced tools for power users as well, since they will no longer be right on the surface to confuse casual users, that's fantastic. Makes me hopeful that Windows 9 will continue the trend shared by Microsoft OSes and Star Trek movies. It sounds like the ads were directed at Facebook pages. Then the 150k was the number who clicked then ad, then clicked through to his actual website(s). In which case, that's actually a pretty fantastic clickthrough rate. At least, that's the understanding I got from this paragraph: At one point, data from Facebook indicated his ads had delivered 606,000 clicks, but the site itself registered only 160,000 incoming clicks from Facebook, according to data supplied by Brar. (160,000 clicks is a not insignificant return. After all, these are not clicks on a mere Facebook page, these are users who clicked through to an off-Facebook site.) Otherwise I'm not sure what they'd mean by "160,000 clicks is not an insignificant return." Maybe I'm reading too much into it though. Right. The 160k clicks are not clicks on a mere Facebook page. Perhaps the original 606k that Facebook is talking about are though. And the 160k are the number of those that click through to the off-site page. Anyway, probably not. Was just a theory. The article could be clearer. I think people (perhaps rationally) believe that the people running the exchanges know more about keeping bitcoins secure than they themselves do. The analogy would be that you're a lot safer putting your money in a bank than trying to keep it safe in your house. And certainly a company whose entire business is trading in bitcoin should know how to keep them safe. Unfortunately the reality is obviously sometimes different. Certainly you can keep your own coins essentially 100% safe relatively easily with encryption and backups, but most people wouldn't even think to try, let alone have the necessary knowledge to do so. Absolutely, but MtGox probably still knew more about keeping bitcoins secure than most individual owners. The decision to leave it at that and entrust them with large amounts of money wasn't rational, but the belief by many people that they were out of their depth managing the coins themselves was probably correct. (How many coins have been lost in hard drive crashes without backups for instance?) Yes, most people could educate themselves on these things, but most people won't. Nor should everyone have to be educated on everything; that's what civilization is all about. But if you aren't willing to do so, you probably shouldn't be an early adopter, before safeguards are in place. I'm not disagreeing with you, and recall reading elsewhere about Kiva's deceptive practices, but could you back up that claim with some evidence, or at least a more detailed explanation? Buy and hold is great. These days though you can build a very inexpensive diversified portfolio of ETFs (or even index mutual funds with something like a Vanguard Admiral account if you're in the US). For example, you can get a globally diversified equity portfolio using just VT (expense ratio of 0.06%) and VXUS (0.16%). So you are paying a middleman, but only around 0.1%, and you end up with far better diversification, and far fewer securities to manage. I preferred hq4x for much the same reason. Removed the large blockiness while still preserving the pixelated feel (and staying truer to the shapes in the original). I'm both a father and a startup founder, and I fully agree with his comment and don't think it sounds bad at all. Being a parent takes a good chunk of your time and energy, at least if you want to do a good job of it. That leaves less time and energy for other things, making it more difficult to do things that require a ton of both, like start a company. As gizmo686 says above, these challenges can of course be overcome, and obviously I feel it was worth doing so. But the statements are still true, and I don't see how acknowledging them makes one a bad person. This is a tricky area of ethics though. Ideally everyone would have equal opportunity to do anything they want to do, including start a company and/or have a family. It is generally culturally accepted that it would be unfair for one's marital or parental status to have an effect on their career prospects. And I agree that that's a noble ideal. But imagine you're an investor with two hypothetical identical investments to choose from. They are identical in every way except that you know one of the founders is single and plans to remain so at least while getting the company off the ground, and the other is a parent with six children (to use an extreme example). It seems reasonable to expect that the former would be more likely to succeed, all else being equal. As much as you would like both to have equal opportunities, is it fair to force you to ignore this piece of evidence when making your choice? (What if you're investing others' money and have a fiduciary responsibility?) There are two conflicting ideals here as I see it, and no perfect way to reconcile them fairly. At least with my hypothetical above, you could say that the "family founder" chose to make family a priority, so in some way it is fair that they sacrifice some potential to receive investment in their startup. Even if we accept that though, it gets trickier if you instead consider male and female founders, both planning to have families. For simple biological reasons, even aside from cultural ones, the female time will probably have less time to focus on the startup, to some extent at least, but obviously she didn't choose to be female. So again you have this conflict, where we would certainly like to treat everyone equally, especially in areas they have no control over, but at the same time it is unfair to force people to make less optimal investments all else being equal . You could draw parallels to favoring more attractive applicants to hospitality jobs, or even more intelligent applicants to programming jobs say. You don't control your intelligence, so it's not really fair that it affects your prospects. On the other hand, it's certainly not fair to force an employer to hire a less intelligent applicant. It seems like the general rule in cases like this is that if the difference materially affects a one's ability to do the job, generally it is ok to 'discriminate' based on it. So it's ok to discriminate based on weight or skin colour for an actor, but obviously not for a programmer. The contentious areas seem to be ones where the (potential) impact on performance is less direct. The parenthood debate would seem to fall under that category. A more obvious one would be something like physical appearance of waiters and waitresses. It's not as clear cut as an actor, where it's obvious that matching the part matters, but at the same time it's fairly obvious that having attractive waitstaff could be beneficial for a restaurant. It seems to me that the average societal reaction in these grey areas is a sort of subconscious group decision that the benefits to one side outweigh the detriments to the other. So if we say it's wrong to discriminate based on parental status, what we're really saying is that we as a society value parenthood sufficiently that it takes precedence to some extent over other rights. These kinds of tradeoffs are made all the time; for example, we value free speech sufficiently that in many cases we allow it to override people's right not to be subjected to material they find objectionable. We value a basic standard of living such that we 'forcibly' deprive wealthier members of society of their property (via taxes) in order to redistribute a portion of it to the less fortunate. (In fact, we force people to contribute to many things that they may not personally support via taxes.) Anyway, this ended up being far more than I had planned to write, but I guess my basic point is that few things are black and white. Usually some sort of compromise is necessary, and the goal is to find the one that best matches our societal values. Often our instinctive reactions to these grey areas are representative of a personal or societal value that we haven't fully consciously expressed. I think it is an ideal, yes. But there are other ideals it needs to be balanced against. For everyone to have equal opportunities, everyone would have to be equal, or in other words, everyone would have to be the same. Even if that were possible, it wouldn't be worth losing our diversity. (And as I mentioned above, while giving everyone equal opportunities despite their differences might be more fair to them, it could be less fair to others involved, like the startup investor.) My point was that we need to recognize these situations where our ideals conflict, so that we can decide what balance we prefer. It seems like by accepting 'discrimination' based on intelligence or athletic ability, we are recognizing that the value of having the most skilled people doing certain jobs outweighs the unfairness to the less skilled applicants, who may work just as hard, but have no control over their innate characteristics. On the other hand, while it may be true that a person with a family has less time or energy to devote to work than a single person, or a male with a baby has more time than a female with a baby, we have decided that gender equality and the right to have a family outweigh the unfairness to the investor who would ideally take all information into account when choosing an investment. I think that's totally reasonable, but it is helpful to recognize that that is what we're doing, rather than simply making statements like "sexism is wrong", without thinking about it any further. (Because we will eventually run into a situation where our initial reaction doesn't turn out to match with our core values, and it would be good to recognize and correct that.) There's likely still a whole criminal investigation to come. Plenty of people to interview, records to review, pieces to put together. I think it's pretty likely that more information will come out. I've found Lux Auto Brightness to be a reasonable substitute. The other huge problem here is that Google's FeedFetcher doesn't respect robots.txt. (Their reasoning is that it is acting at the direct request of a human to retrieve a specific resource, so it doesn't count as a bot.) Because of this, there is no easy way to stop it from hitting your site. True, but (while possible) it's not straightforward to block access to specific files only. The same user agent is also used for Google Custom Search if you're using that. And it's still going to be hammering your firewall (although admittedly that's less catastrophic than trying to download a 10MB file repeatedly). 21304 on my second try after reading your advice. (Probably 8th play or so overall.) Good advice. :) http://imgur.com/uAZYb1s Ditto. This "test" assumes lying on a beach producing nothing is an ideal to strive for. I enjoy my vacations, but I wouldn't want to do that all the time! I totally agree about multiple angled monitors being more comfortable and practical than a single large display, but there is value to a high DPI display even if you increase your scaling. Everything is clearer . (Well, text and anything that includes high-res images, anyway.) That makes it more comfortable to real/look at, even at the same or slightly smaller size. Personally I find too much vertical screen size to be taxing. This actually surprised me at first. I was using 2x24" for some time, and bemoaned the shift from 16x10 to 16x9, since I found the vertical size extremely useful for common tasks like reading documents. I briefly upgrading to three 30" (U3014), but found they were just too tall. To be comfortable I had to have them far enough away that they weren't particularly comfortable even at 1.25x scaling, so I was essentially wasting the extra space. I "downgraded" to 3x27" (BenQ BL2710 - fantastic monitor) and love them. The horizontal real estate is great, since I can angle the side monitors to still be relatively close, and can keep the primary workspace on the main screen. I certainly wouldn't be against 4k for added clarity/sharpness, but I can't see preferring a single 4k display, of any size or quality, to three 27". Yes, but then what's the point of having the larger monitor? Agreed that it's not crazy at all. And I certainly wouldn't propose taking a pay cut. Assuming you can actually stay on task and produce quality work remotely, you will actually cost the company less than if you were in the office. (They don't need to supply you a permanent desk, etc.) What you should prepare to do though, is make it easy for them. Have solutions in mind for all the standard issues. Are you willing to commute in for all meetings? If not (and it would be a waste IMO), set up and demonstrate a working videoconferencing solution before you leave. Perhaps suggest quick daily check-in emails, to keep your team up to speed with what you're doing. Etc. Basically the only challenge isn't to get your employer to accept the idea; you also want them not to regret it afterward. (Everyone at my (very small) company works remotely. I love it, but it does come with its own unique challenges. As nl mentioned, they are likely magnified if you're the only remote worker.) I figure the best thing to do if kids are getting older and still appear to fully believe is to start dropping hints. For example, Santa is usually last to go after things like the Tooth Fairy and the Easter Bunny, so you could mention them together. Eventually the kid will figure it out on their own, which is a lot more pleasant than just being told one day. A fairly minor but prevalent one is speed limit laws. I personally feel most speed limit laws in North America are ridiculous. In almost every situation it is safe to drive significantly faster than the posted speed, so it seems fairly obvious that there's something wrong with the law itself. Now, in this particular group I expect that isn't terribly controversial. But it can be a very unpopular opinion in some circles for two different reasons. 1) It's the law . You want to break the law ? And the somewhat more reasonable one: 2) Nothing is more important than human life. If driving slowly can save even one life, it's worth it. By advocating an increase to speed limits, you're valuing a few minutes of your time over people's lives. Now, for one thing, it has been demonstrated by numerous studies that increased speed limits do not necessarily result in increased accident rates (in fact, often the opposite). But even leaving that aside. Say that an across the board increase to speed limits of X%^ results in a Y% increase in fatal crashes. For some sufficiently (very) small Y/X, would that not be worthwhile? It's callous, but it seems to me that it must be true. (I mean, look at the extreme case. Driving at any speed is much more dangerous than walking, but we do it anyway since it gets us places faster.) I definitely wouldn't feel comfortable saying so in a lot of peer groups though, nor without all the preamble. ^Not that that would be the most logical way to do it of course. Edit: I should clarify that I'm speaking of main arterial roads and highways here, not residential streets. At least in most of Canada, almost all non-highways have speed limits of 50km/h, regardless of whether they're a residential side-street or a major 4 or 6 lane road. Most highways have limits of 80km/h, a few 100, and the highest I've ever seen is 110. In good conditions, most highways could easily be safely traveled at at least 120km/h. I don't think it makes sense to set speed limits for the worst case scenario, and ignore all the efficiency that could be safely gained in most driving conditions. I haven't done a ton of driving in the US, so it's possible the situation differs there more than I was aware. I'm in Canada, so it's possible that my experience differs. I will edit the post to clarify that I'm talking about arterial roads and highways though, not residential streets. Most main non-highway roads here still have limits of 50km/h (30mph), with the average speed ranging around 20% higher than that. Most highways have limits of 80km/h (50mph), with average speeds perhaps 10-20% higher, and IMO safe speeds in good conditions often 50% higher. It's a strange dichotomy, but at least in my experience it almost seems like although most people drive faster than the speed limit, most are also instinctively against the idea of raising those limits. (Perhaps because the majority of people believe themselves to be better than average drivers.) Or maybe they believe that people will simply continue to drive faster than the limits even if they were raised, so the status quot is preferred. If that's the case though, surely there's a better solution. It's not like the economic incentive to work will be completely gone though. Presumably BI would be, at least to start, roughly the bare minimum required to survive. Any luxuries would still require earned income. Also, given hedonic adaptation, humans are rarely content with any given level of luxury. While there are certainly negatives to that, it does mean that most (or at least many) people would continue to attempt to earn as much as possible even with a basic income. Finally, the money does have to come from somewhere. I expect that the system would be designed so that it begins net neutral for the middle class. And I can't see most middle class people suddenly deciding to give up half their income just because there's suddenly a softer landing. For the rich, the effect would obviously be even less pronounced. Aren't income taxes a logical fit here? You would still have graduated tax brackets, so you wouldn't have an enormous cliff once you started earning, but all tax brackets could be increased such that the middle class end up about the same, and the poor are better off. With the added efficiencies described by the parent comment, this should even be possible without reducing net income to those in the higher brackets, but it might be desirable to do that to some extent as well for greater redistribution. I seem to be in the minority here, but legality aside, I don't see an agreement between companies not to poach each other's employees as a terribly sinister thing. In fact, it seems entirely reasonable to mutually agree not to actively recruit employees from another company. Once you talk about refusing to hire potential employees who apply of their own volition, that would be another thing, but in my mind "no cold call" != "wage fixing scheme". (I assume I'm likely missing something though, so I welcome counter-arguments. Would this still be a problem even if all they had done was avoid actively recruiting?) Exactly! And really, we already have a flagging system: the downvote. My understanding is that comments on HN should only really be downvoted for the same reasons as pending comments would not be approved. So why not improve on that existing system? When a comment is downvoted, it should ask the reason for the 'flag', with choices representing the various commenting rules. This should help ensure that people are using downvotes correctly, which should allow them to be acted on more strongly. Sufficient downvotes (or sufficient downvotes with the same reason) could hide the comment entirely. Surely there are better ways. For example, you keep track of which posts a user has already seen, and when they hit the next page button, show them the X most highly ranked posts that they haven't yet seen. Breaking the link is just the easiest way to deal with the problem. Based on the grandparent's logic (which I support), they would both be equally "you", assuming it was a perfect duplicate. From that point forward, the two people would have different experiences, and so would become different people, just as you have different life experience now than you did a week or a year ago, and so think and behave somewhat differently. That said, I bet they would also have a pretty fascinating relationship: like a twins bond, except much more so. Given their shared brain structure and largely shared life experience (shared to a degree that no two separate people could), their thought patterns would obviously remain very similar. It would probably feel very much like they could read each other's minds. Do you have the option to be prompted before an update is installed, or is it a completely automated process? Can you save others that digging by saying what the real issue was? Edit: Here, this explains it: http://techcrunch.com/2014/03/31/okcupid-offers-firefox-visi... Great quote from the interview with Musk. He first said that he actually expected when he started Tesla that most likely it would fail. When asked why he did it then, he answered, "If something is important enough, you should try even if the probable outcome is failure." As recent events have clearly demonstrated, FOSS is by no means immune to security holes. Is paid, closed-source software less secure? On one hand, it does lack community oversight of the code base. (Although clearly with a sufficiently complex code base, backdoors can exist for years without anyone noticing anyway, and it could be argued that intentional back doors would be more easily installed in open source projects.) On the other hand though, paid software is operated by a team whose job it is to keep the service secure. All that aside though, I certainly can't see any logical argument for the statement "Free software is a prerequisite for digital security." It could be argued that open source software is such a prerequisite (although I wouldn't necessarily agree), but if anything I expect that paying for software would ultimately tend to make it more secure. If you wanted to, it's not too tough to extract the source code of their browser add-ons to verify for yourself that your vault is encrypted before being sent to their servers, and that your master password is not sent. (And of course with this tool it's relatively trivial to look through the javascript to verify the same.) So while you can't look at the code running on their servers, it seems to me that you certainly can know they don't have access to your vault. I remember similarly getting in trouble for playing cards in middle school, because the teacher couldn't conceive of a non-gambling card game. Of course, I'm playing hold'em on my other monitor right now, so maybe he had a point too... Was this comment ironic? Can you back up your claim, "Joel Spolsky has absolutely no idea what he's talking about," with some evidence? "The lawsuit claims that Ivey and his companion instructed a dealer to flip cards in particular ways, depending on whether it was a desirable card in baccarat." If that's true, it sounds like a really obvious way to cheat. Maybe he didn't realize there was actually a specific regulation against it and figured the worst they could do was kick him out. Otherwise it seems like he'd be a bit more circumspect. Based solely on your comment I would guess not. The device wasn't used "to track cards that were dealt or project the outcome of the game". Rather, it simply didn't prevent Ivey from doing so (allegedly). Interesting article, but it's clear they've never played Risk: "Starcraft 2 is a popular strategy game, similar in concept to Risk, where players compete to build armies and conquer a science fictional world." It's tough to imagine two games more dissimilar in gameplay than Starcraft II and Risk. Also I'm pretty sure Risk isn't played in a "science fictional world"... OK, I should have said they're the most dissimilar strategy games I can imagine. Have you considered, instead of basing rank on upvotes/time, basing it on upvotes/views? Views could be either views of the actual link, or just views of the listing page containing the story, or a combination of the two. (Of course absolute number of votes would still have to factor in somewhat so brand new stories with one vote don't jump to the top.) Perhaps this is already happening, but my (probably simplified) understanding of the system was that it only took into account time since the story was posted, not the number of views it's had, compared to votes. Today AOL would just threaten a CFAA lawsuit and interop would quietly disappear. That's certainly how things would work today. At the time the law regarding connecting to another party's servers was significantly less settled. (Not that it's entirely settled now.) Having a reasonably priced 64GB version removes much of the need for an SD slot though, at least for most people. Plus given the direction Google is going, the external storage is becoming less and less useful. I have a side project that I'm done with: www.movietempest.com. It's been allowed to languish for a while though, so would need a bit work to be functional again. (Also the tech isn't the most modern anymore. Python/django on the back end, with mootools and custom js on the front end.) Might as well post in case it's of interest to someone though! Would you say CarsDirect is an exception to their standard practices? It seems like a reasonably high maintenance venture, but likely a profitable one, since they've captured a good chunk of the market. Cool idea, and congrats on living the "passive income" dream! ;) One quick suggestion if you're interested: I found the white text on light background on pages like this one a bit tough to read: http://www.thebigeat.com/uk . (Also reduces the professional feel.) That one change would probably take just a few minutes. That said, with $6k in annual income, if I were you I would seriously consider getting some quotes to have a professional web designer give the whole site a facelift. I'm not saying it looks bad by any means, but I wouldn't be surprised if a really polished, professional look had a noticeable impact on your bottom line, possibly paying for itself within a few years. (If I didn't already have too many projects to work on, I would seriously consider making you an offer, but alas...) I've found Evernote with it's web clipper to be great for this. Anything I figure I might want someday, but I don't know exactly when or why, goes into my EN archive. The full text is searchable, so it's like having Google for only stuff that I've found interesting in the past. (And the clipper can even add results from your library to search engine results, so you can re-find things even when you're not specifically looking.) That was an extremely interesting comment. It would be helpful to mention that it's essentially an overview of bacteriophages, viruses which target bacteria. Describes their initial development, reasons why they aren't currently widely used, and links to more information about possible future development. The problem with that is that most of the buttons would take you to pages that don't exist. I guess the browser could crawl them first, but what would really be the point? At first I was concerned by this, but as long as the URL is accessible - by clicking the domain chip - I could see this being a good thing. Most non power users never directly manipulate URLs, so there's no real need to display them so prominently. The domain on the other hand is important, and showing only it without the rest of the URL serves to significantly emphasize it. As long as there remains a power user toggle to show the full URL, seems like a positive change. Of course, I may be missing some edge case. I should clarify that I would want a power user option to actually turn this behaviour off, beyond the ability to just click to show the URL. Most users don't, but I glance up at the URL fairly frequently to orient myself. ME TOO. That was my exact experience: second floor, window, didn't read ahead. My volume was near cranked too. Just about jumped out of my skin. Also, extremely cool! If you're going to invest in index funds (and you should), don't pick the S&P 500. Why invest in 500 stocks when you could use the vanguard total market index instead, and invest in essentially the entire US market, with a management fee of 0.05% per year? Also, there's no need to take on unnecessary risk by concentrating investments in the US. Better to put a good portion in a broad ex-US fund as well. Vanguard has a good option there too, of course, but there are certainly others as well. Also, if like me you're outside of the US, these all come in ETFs that can be bought anywhere and have similarly low fees. I would give him the benefit of the doubt and assume he was simply picking an index everyone has heard of. But regardless, yes, it would be poorly diversified. Hit the front page briefly a year ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5393344 Apparently I was the only one who noticed that time too! ;) Aside: I can't believe that was a year ago - searched my browser history expecting to find it last month... I really like that. Preserves all the benefits of hiding the path entirely without... hiding the path entirely. However, how would the browser tell the difference between editing the path and entering an entirely new url or search? It wouldn't be intuitive if you have to click the domain chip to go to a different site. Most of the time a user is going to click the path area in that screenshot, since that's what we're used to. But then, how do you edit just the path? If you haven't read it already, I highly recommend The Four Pillars of Investing by Bernstein. Goes into a bit more depth than his newer books, but it's still very readable. The online poker one at the end is particularly hypocritical. Some of the greatest opponents of online gambling are those who have a financial stake in offline gambling. I wonder what their motivations might be. Exactly! Netflix is already paying for the upload bandwidth they're using, and Comcast customers are already paying for their download bandwidth. That should be the end of it. The problem is, because of services like Netflix, more people are actually using the bandwidth they're paying for. Comcast takes issue with this because they can no longer massively oversell their infrastructure. As mentioned by other comments, these are straight lines, which is why they take this route. What's interesting though is that it's also relatively close to the proposed train route, so the "straight line" advantage of the plane wouldn't be terribly significant. I wonder how long until these spammy sites get wise to this (or how many already have) and start stripping off the tag portion of the address. Ya, I remember an amusing story from someone who would register to stores with @ .com. Then he got a C&D letter from one of the stores demanding that he stop using their trademark in his email address. Good points, especially that last one. There's probably zero (or negative) benefit for them ending up in the inbox of anyone who would filter with tags. The fact that these shell companies don't actually do anything besides sue people is also a problem. It's difficult to find grounds to sue a business that doesn't have any business activities. (Except countersuits as in Newegg's case, so good on them.) Not that I blame them for it at all, but I'm sure the potential for thisresponse isn't overlooked by Newegg when they decide to fight these suits. That said, good on them. Far better to spend money building their brand by fighting back against patent trolls than on run of the mill advertising. (And in the best case scenario, like this one, fighting might not even cost them at all.) Good words of warning. The pun at the end seemed a bit much to me though. > I guess it could be a bit nauseating for people who have become one with the mouse wheel. Those were my feelings exactly. It feels much more natural to be able to scroll the part of the page you're interested in to whatever part of the monitor is most comfortable for viewing. Also, this prevents you from quickly scrolling down to a lower section of the page. When a user does not yet have sufficient USD on deposit with Gox to buy the bitcoins they want, they deposit more, and MtGox now has more real USD under their control. It's not a matter of selling the coins for real vs fake USD. I'm with you up to the last sentence. Agreed that 5m including the house would be enough for level 2, but I don't think it'd reliably afford 20k/month, at least not if you're talking real dollars (which you'd have to to account for maintaining your lifestyle for the remainder of your life). If we assume a $500k house, 20k/month is 240k/year, which is over 5% of your remaining 4.5M. Even at standard retirement age the rule of thumb is a 4% real withdrawal rate, and many people think that's optimistic in this low interest rate environment. Assuming you're relatively young I wouldn't want to go more than 3% real withdrawal rate, ideally less. Fortunately, my family's current lifestyle is nowhere near 20k/month! :) My level 2 number is 3M, not including the paid-off house (which unfortunately is rather more than 500k here...), which should afford 90k/year real (before taxes) at 3% withdrawal rate. Even a 5-6% tax-adjusted yield (which seems high, but I'm in Canada so I don't follow US rates too closely) is less than 5% after any inflation. Also corporate and municipal bonds are not without risk, although it's not large with proper diversification. Parent implied the 20k/month was spending money. If you're reinvesting some of that money, then you're effectively reducing your withdrawal rate, in which case I agree. Also if you're willing to reduce your spending in the case of a downturn you could withstand a higher withdrawal rate. I'm just saying that a 5%+ real withdrawal rate is not sustainable indefinitely in a vacuum. You can't increase your safe withdrawal rate by using leverage. Even if you don't ever plan to liquidate completely, a sufficient reduction in assets combined with your regular cost of living withdrawals could bring you to a point where the withdrawals are no longer sustainable. Look at it this way: even if you could borrow money at the risk-free rate (which you can't), anything you're earning on those leveraged funds is a risk premium (which by definition can't be diversified away). So you would certainly increase your odds of making more money, but you also increase the odds of a larger downturn, which again, could reach unsustainable levels. I don't believe there exists a workaround to achieve a long-term (ie near indefinite) safe withdrawal rate of more than 3% or so in real dollars. Fair enough. If we're talking about discretionary luxury spending, then you can take on a bit more risk to get to your desired income with a lower FU number, as long as you're willing to curtail spending if things go bad. That said, it's a lot easier to increase spending than to decrease it, so I'd want that risk to be small, or to have a desirable fallback for added income. Cool idea. Can you elaborate on how this improves on just searching amazon directly with filters on price and star rating? More cost-effective would almost certainly be to extinguish the fire with a bunch of concrete or something, then harvest the gas. Apparently not cost-effective enough to be viable though. I'm guessing you answered your own question. If they put the break on the last car, they could let the train compress backwards before starting. Naturally it would still be more work than starting from flat though, so obviously there would be an incline limit beyond which a given train couldn't start regardless. The original article stated that a train wasn't able to start because the caboose's brake was on, so presumably the answer to the second question is yes, at least for that car. Presumably the first question would depend on the slope of the incline (although if necessary other brakes could be engaged after their cars' couplings were compressed). Anyway, all just conjecture on my part! One problem with this is that most people are typing passwords on phones now, so the longer they are, they more annoying they are to type in. (Although I suppose word completion would help with a passphrase. Although for security it probably shouldn't be enabled for password fields.) Anyway, the real solution is a password manager with unique random sequences of characters for passwords. Perhaps Microsoft, Apple, and Google could get together to build (or buy and open source) a password manager that would be integrated with their various platforms, for the common good. (I realize solutions already exist, but this would make it much more likely that the general public would use it.) AFAIK it's pretty common in any lawsuit to try to convince the other party to settle out of court. FYI, the styling of the Features page (and possibly others) has some problems in Firefox, at least for me. While the inspector claims the font is Tungsten 4r, what I'm seeing actually looks a lot like Times New Roman. Looks like that difference is causing a bunch of headings to be pushed under the icons and such things. Edit: Hmm, restarting with add-ons disabled fixed it, so presumably the problem is on my end. Will see if I can track down the culprit. Firefox 30.0 on Windows 7. I found the culprit though - it's HTTPS Everywhere. Not sure why since your site and font files appear to use SSL either way, but I've confirmed that iff I disable HTTPS Everywhere the fonts work properly. Two things: First, you might want to clarify in the first paragraph that you're talking about the existence of nukes, as opposed to the use of nukes. It's clear from reading your entire comment, but I find it's good to play it safe with that sort of topic! ;) Second, to play devil's advocate, is it possible that landmines could have a net positive impact if they could somehow be properly, globally regulated? For and extreme example, say that only the UN had access to landmines, and they were only deployed as a last resort to enforce DMZs. (Also measures would be taken so that they could be safely removed.) Seems like they could be a positive thing if used correctly. I expect patents are much the same. Certainly overused and abused currently, but not necessarily negative if they could be used 'correctly'. Hmm, I can see how that sort of thing makes sense given the current state of the patent system, but personally I don't believe that so-called 'offensive' patents are irredeemable. Rather, it seems to me that they are simply far too broadly granted, and generally for far too long a time period. I have no problem with a patent-enforced monopoly if it is granted for a true innovation, and for a reasonable length of time. For example, in the smartphone industry, where a product is old in a year and obsolete in three, it doesn't make sense to me for patents to last decades. On the other hand, it does seem reasonable to reward significant innovation by granting a patent for a long enough time period to establish a strong market position, before opening things up to competition. The tricky thing is, that ideal time period would be highly variable based on the industry and even the specific idea being patented. Still, surely there's room for improvement there. In case this is the reason for the downvotes, to clarify, I certainly don't believe landmines should ever be placed such that they would be expected to detonate. I'm saying that they might save lives in certain circumstances if used as a last resort deterrent only (with fields obviously clearly marked). Sorry for the tangent. The proposed change would allow any GHash member to essentially steal mining profits from GHash (by taking the full reward for any blocks found, while still sharing in the reward for blocks found by other members). Since some participants will certainly selfishly take advantage of this opportunity, there would be a disincentive for honest members to belong to the pool, and it would therefore quickly lose its dominance. Edit: And more generally, for the same reason, pools of this sort should cease to exist. Has CentOS made the switch to MariaDB with 7? (I'm assuming so, since CentOS 7 is based on RHEL 7, correct?) Doesn't sound like much of a "friend". Honestly if you're facing depression you can't afford not to talk. But ideally you would find someone trustworthy to talk to. That's a good point though. Could you handle .docx files? I bet a lot of your potential users (the managers more than the developers) would be in the same boat: use MS Word every day, but never heard of LibreOffice. Even though they could obviously install it and convert their template doc from Word, that adds a lot of friction. Oh man... I thought I wanted an Oculus Rift before ! While I understand the HN mantra that every comment should add value, I personally feel that there is some value in legitimately funny comments, even if that's all they add. No need to upvote it, but did this really deserve downvotes? (It's not my comment, just figured its grey status seemed a bit harsh.) Or did the down-voters consider it insensitive? Certainly didn't read that way to me. What you're describing is the original "Will It Blend": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qg1ckCkm8YI&feature=kp Ah yes, sorry, I'm an idiot. I read your original 'rather than' in reverse. Google isn't selling advertising to him. Their only involvement as far as I can tell is that his sites show up in organic search results. Google was the defendant in this case, so they had little choice but to go to court. Let alone the consequences to their Canadian business, US and Canadian courts cooperate in enforcing judgements, so they couldn't ignore it regardless. (Of course they are choosing to appeal, which is optional but obviously a good idea given the pain this precedent could cause.) Probably a lot of angry users, anti-trust proceedings, and a bunch of other stuff they don't want. Good point. Obviously Google does considerably more business in the US than Canada, but it's still bizarre for any one country's courts to make decisions that directly impact the entire world. Maybe it's time for an international treaty on Internet regulation to spell out exactly what powers any given nation has. (Although such a thing would probably have the potential to go very wrong.) I expect at least in the medium term it will look more like a global (or at least multilateral) treaty, rather than a global government. But I agree that now is the time to think about how we could like such a thing to be structured. As much as some people would like it to be, the internet can't be the new wild west forever. It will be regulated. The hope is to have it regulated in a fair, consistent, and manageable (minimal?) manner. As a web-based business owner, I find the prospect of having to comply with an increasing list of obscure regulations from various different entities rather overwhelming. Something comprehensive could be a relief, if it's done right. (Of course, there will still be differences between countries, but perhaps an overarching treaty could at least limit their impact.) Yes and no. Some countries (Canada being one) have treaties with the US that let court judgements in one country be enforced in the other. So even if you have no assets in the US or income from the US, a US court decision could still affect you if you live in such a country. Of course, most internet companies do do some business in the US. The regulation would be on the other end. Tor won't help you when your favorite site shuts down because they can't comply with conflicting court orders from Canada and Australia (or wherever). Ah, right you are. Google was a non-party, but was named and served: "Non-parties affected by Mareva injunctions are not normally before the Court, because applications of that kind are brought without notice. Google was named in this application, served with materials, and attended the hearing." So the rest of the comment stands, but you are correct that they were not a defendant. You really should give play by email a chance. It can be great fun. Games usually take a few months, with turns generally once a week, sometimes every two weeks. While you could invest more, it certainly doesn't need to take up more than an hour or so a week of your time. In fact... I may have to see if I can find a game now. It's been a few years! Sometimes it happens. If France and Germany decide come hell or high water they're going to take you out - maybe they've even allied in previous games, so you never had a chance - there really isn't a whole lot you can do (unless you're really lucky with all the other powers). Even so you're not likely to win, but might eek out part of a tie. Cool idea. I'd actually really like to see that. You could start by programming it for gunboard (no-press) games, then expand from there to adding the communication elements. (Which, while challenging, would be much easier than a standard Turing Test, since the scope is limited. Plus, even if a potential ally is able to identify the computer player, they may very well still be willing to ally with it. I used to play at DipWorld, but it looks like it's a lot less active lately. It appears that the most active community now is at the Diplomatic Pouch. The site design leaves something to be desired, but after some clicking around, this appears to be a decent place for a new player to start: http://www.diplom.org/Email/ Or don't tell them it's your first time! :) Even if you're playing in the newbies section online, you could say you've played some FTF games, or email games on a different server or whatever. Once you figure out what power you are, just read the Diplomatic Pouch openings article for that power, and you can fake experience pretty well. IMO you want to come off as knowledgeable but not too experienced anyway. People are looking for allies who are going to be reliable (and communicate well!), but who won't be too tough to run over when the time comes. So that's what you look like... until you're ready to pull out the knife! The reverse of this is also true by the way. When applying for a job, include a real cover letter that shows you actually know something about the company you're applying for. It doesn't have to be long, but there's nothing that moves a resume to the bottom of the stack faster than a cover letter that obviously just has the company name and maybe a couple other fields swapped in. (Or in some cases even forgotten, so you get a cover letter where someone tells you how much they'd love to work for some other company !) It's not clear to me why it's not straightforward to test these hypotheses. There are apparently plenty of hum sufferers out there, and it sounds like many would be happy to help with any testing that might isolate the source. There are also plenty of anechoic chambers and Faraday cages available. Seems like it would be relatively easy to test the two prevalent theories. You may not be able to pinpoint the exact source, but you could at least tell whether the hum in a given region was acoustic or electromagnetic in origin. Yes, exactly. Every time I see one of these I wish they would plot the per-capita occurrences as a heat-map instead, which would actually be useful. (A bit more work sure, but certainly doable.) Here's a start, just to see if that 2-10% figure looks reasonable: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7918694 Those are neat, but from what I can tell a cartogram is something different from what I'm describing. From wikipedia: "A cartogram is a map in which some thematic mapping variable – such as travel time, population, or Gross National Product – is substituted for land area or distance." So they're basically distorted maps, where the distortions are proportional to a variable. (It might help to include some explanation in your comment.) And yes, I realize the sampling bias here, but it's still interesting (at least to me!) If you answer yes, please consider leaving a comment describing your experience. That was my first thought. It's not a good idea to water your plants at night, because without the sunlight and heat of the day the water doesn't evaporate as quickly. Water sitting on the leaves all night can cause fungus and such things to grow, which is bad for the plant. Since plants can't avoid being rained on at night, it seems logical that they would evolve a mechanism for staying as dry as possible. And a windshield would be a very difficult place for them, since it's getting continuously blasted by air and grit as you drive. While I'm not a fan of most software patents, I don't agree with this statement, except in the most pedantic sense: 'The problem is that "software" and "mathematical algorithm" are two terms for the same thing.' You could say that anything at its root is simply a mathematical algorithm. These days it is possible to do a great many specialized tasks with either dedicated hardware, or software running on general purpose hardware. Should you be able to patent an asic design, but not a piece of software that does exactly the same job? Should incredibly complex and novel pieces of software not be eligible for patents simply because they're made out of 1s and 0s instead of nuts and bolts? Doesn't make sense to me. What does make sense to me is to reform the entire patent system, in many cases drastically increasing the threshold for what is considered novel and non-obvious, and decreasing - again sometimes drastically - the time periods of monopolies offered. I don't, however, believe that this is solely an issue of software vs. not-software. Looks like they won't go to space today. http://xkcd.com/1133/ No, that would be a bad problem. This was only a little problem. Hyperbole perhaps, but not nonsense. A photograph can be saved as a file on a computer. The file essentially just consists of instructions for displaying the photo. Does that mean photography === mathematical algorithms? Or yesterday there was a frontpage story about a guy who spent 13 years of his life building a (pretty cool) freeware game. I'm not arguing that he should be able to patent the mechanisms of the game, but not because it's just one big "mathematical algorithm". That's ridiculous; it's a work of art. To use the example from the article, any design must be described with a sequence of words. You can't patent a sequence of words, so all patents should be invalid. To me, that's not much more of a stretch than saying that all software is simply a collection of mathematical algorithms. Perhaps literally true in a sense, but essentially meaningless. Edit: By the way, since the perfect patent system is probably a pipe dream, I expect the world would be better off if software patents were abolished. I just don't believe this particular argument holds much water. > > To use the example from the article, any design must be described with a sequence of words. You can't patent a sequence of words, so all patents should be invalid. > This appears to be the source of the nonsense. You aren't distinguishing between the words (or algorithms) that describe a thing and the thing itself. That's exactly my point. By saying that software isn't patentable because it is simply a collection of mathematical algorithms, you aren't distinguishing between the algorithms that describe the thing and the thing itself. Software is literally a collection of data and algorithms, yes, just like a digital photograph. (Although you could stretch further and define data as simply a single-purpose algorithm.) And legally a "collection of algorithms" cannot be patented. But in reality, much like the photograph, there is a great deal more to software than that; there is thought and creativity involved in "collecting" those algorithms. Saying software is a collection of algorithms is akin to saying a book is a collection of words. Literally true, but missing the bigger picture. And yes, I understand the difference between patent and copyright. I was simply giving an example of something else - a digital photo - that is exactly like software: a collection of data and algorithms. Does that mean that exactly the same laws should apply to software as to digital photographs (and everything else that is simply a collection of data and math)? Of course not, because these things are fundamentally different , and are each more than the sum of their parts. The problem I see is, if you still have to be fully attentive, supervising the computer and ready to take over, but not actually do anything... driving will be mind-numbingly boring. (That's assuming people are even capable of maintaining that attention, which many other comments address.) I mean, driving is usually already kind of boring, but at least the task keeps some part of your mind occupied. If the computer can take over completely - Google style - then you can do something else entirely. But this sounds like some kind of intermediate purgatory. If so, I bet the guy who got to code the 'ramming speed' override had fun doing it. This video shows how the Google self-driving cars react to cyclists, as well as obstacles on the road and such: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dk3oc1Hr62g No idea how Cruise deals with this, but it does appear to be possible anyway. Just wanted to say I agree 100%. I expect that Google is going to do very well with all the building blocks they have in place, but I view that prospect with a great deal more trepidation than excitement. (Although I wouldn't say none of the latter; things like self-driving cars are certainly cool, and having Google behind that sort of project makes it much more likely that it will happen in the near term.) Google has figured out something "better". Basically they use all the data they collect on you to determine whether you're likely to be a bot or not. If not, you most likely won't even see a captcha. (And if so, you'll get a difficult one.) Is it not obvious in the first case that "secretary" is the unknown word? Clearly ocr wasn't able to read it due to the fading. Likewise, the cut off words spanning two lines in the later versions are obviously the unknown words. The author states right at the beginning that he understands there is a control and an unknown word; he then proceeds to "hope" that the obvious unknown word is the control in the first case, then skip numerous captchas where the control word is straightforward and the illegible word is obviously the unknown. This certainly sounds like willful ignorance for the sake of a blog post. Also, '“Onightsl”? “Onighisl”? Are those even words?' No, my understanding is that dictionary words are never used as the control, so as not to be vulnerable to dictionary attacks. Edit: I'm not suggesting that these captchas are in any way good; they do clearly have issues. I'm just saying that storyline in the blog post seems contrived. To me it would be more convincing if presented in a more genuine manner. However, perhaps he was simply very unlucky. Fair enough. I didn't mean to suggest that these captchas are in any way good . Only that the author does appear to have technical knowledge of how they work - otherwise they wouldn't use terms like "control word", so it seems that the difficulty experienced was likely contrived for the purpose of writing the blog post. For me at least, the point would have come across better if that (seemingly) false ignorance were dropped. (Either that, or frame it in terms of, "Here's what an average user sees when they try to log in," or something along those lines.) Hmm ya, I could certainly see a positive feedback loop developing. Out of curiosity, do you regularly log into a google account and/or use services like gmail? I'm guessing not, since presumably that would give it plenty of data. (Unless you actually are a spammer... ;) ) Also, are you connecting from a location that Google might see as more likely to produce spam? (I would guess any non-"western" country to some extent, with Nigeria likely being at the far end of the scale.) I know it's ironic given the larger point of this post that I came out of it with a tangential technical question, but... Can anyone elaborate on this? Databases. When you have 500 million users, you can't afford unique constraints and foreign keys in the db layer anymore. Is he just saying that fully featured RMDBs don't have the performance to handle that scale? It seems like in some applications those checks will be necessary, and often the db will be the most efficient place for them. Not everything makes sense as nosql. Maybe I'm missing the point though. One would think so. It's nice to see a company with a lot of buzz have a reasonable p/e. (As the largest company in the world, how massive could it's growth really be?) I personally had no idea it was so low - especially compared to the likes of Amazon. Of course the price could still drop if earnings do. Another approach is to make it backward compatible with something else. For example, if you wanted to make a new site/network similar to StackExchange (but presumably with some revolutionary changes; not just a "me too" copy), you could start by adding an interface layer using the StackExchange API and adding some of your new smarts to give your users some of the benefit of your tool, on top of the StackExchange content. Most likely you wouldn't be able to add all the new goodness there though, so you would also do as other comments have suggested to build up your own content. Maybe even incentivize users to add stuff based on StackExchange answers they find (assuming some manual intervention is necessary to make the answers suitable for your site - and also assuming you comply with terms of use and such). It's hard to give exact examples without knowing what you plan to do of course, but that's the general idea. Make it backwards compatible with whatever the closest thing is out there already, so that even in cases where you don't have any of your own content to return for a user, you at least have something . Then do everything you can to ramp up your own content asap. How exactly would a negative tax bracket work? Taken literally, this would mean that up to a certain income level, the government would pay you an amount proportional to how much you make. Presumably what it actually means is that you would be paid inversely proportional to how much you make. At first glance it seems to me that this would have one of the same problems as the current system, which a guaranteed basic income is intended to solve - a high effective marginal tax rate at low (or no) income levels. (Unless the payment actually is positively proportional to earnings, in which case it has the obvious problem that it provides less benefit to those who need it most.) Either way, I'm not clear on how this would be superior to a fixed guaranteed income with adjustments to the current tax rates such that the middle class end up with approximately the same after-tax total income. It has to apply to everyone or it doesn't work. Otherwise you would see a massive effective marginal tax level at whatever point it was cut off. (Even if ramped down, although to a lesser extent.) What could be done instead is that the entire tax structure is altered so that much of the cost of the basic income is spread over the entire middle and upper range of income tax brackets, such that the middle class end up in roughly the same situation they were before the GBI was introduced. Any ideas what caused the leveling off of HN's growth around Nov. 2011? The curve looks like an exponential up to that point, and flat since. Edit: Reddit's growth rate appears to abruptly change at around the same point actually. Jan. 2012 in their case: https://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=reddit&date=1%2F2004... . Exponential before and after, but a much slower one after, and the change again appears quite abrupt. I find it interesting because my site's growth exhibits a similar pattern - fast exponential for some time, followed by a slower exponential, followed by something that looks linear-ish. (And most of it could be loosely fit with a single slower exponential, like the reddit curve.) Each of the step changes in growth in our case can be attributed to specific events, so I tended to see them as anomalies, but I wonder if that kind of growth profile is actually more common. You might be getting downvotes from people who think this comment is a dupe complaint, not realizing you're the OP. That's literally just a restatement of basic income. It's not technically a negative tax "bracket", where tax bracket is a range of incomes on which one pays a given marginal tax rate. I think cdcarter has it right. OK, that matches what I was thinking. The trick is that to make it equivalent to basic income, the threshold level you describe would be different from the equivalent basic income level. For example, if you take a basic income system with a $20k guaranteed minimum income - if you tried to recreate that with a negative tax bracket and a threshold of $20k, you would need to pay 100% of the shortfall. And even then, you would effectively have a 100% marginal tax rate; until you make $20k there is no financial incentive to work at all. Instead, to get the equivalent of a $20k GBI, you would need to do something like, set a $40k threshold, with a negative tax of 50% of your shortfall. So at 0 income you get $20k. (And at 10k income you get 15k in negative tax, for a total of 25k, etc.) Of course, your marginal tax in that example is still very high at 50%. To make the marginal tax rate low, which is desirable at low income levels, you would either need to set a very high threshold, or more likely, have multiple negative tax brackets at different rates. What I still fail to see is how this is "better" than a standard guaranteed income. It just seems like people will find it much more confusing than providing a fixed amount to everyone and having positive tax brackets as we do already (albeit different ones). Because the choice is never, "Should I refactor this code or not?" The choice is, "Should I refactor this code, or work on this feature/bug/refactoring/etc. instead?" Sure it could be refactored to be cleaner, but thus far, presumably there has always been something more important to do. Any time this if statement has been edited, it was clearly faster to simply add to the existing one than to refactor the whole thing. Sometimes it makes sense to take that extra time to refactor code when you happen to be working on it anyway... and sometimes there's something else more pressing to do. Cool. I've definitely had a desire for something like this in the past. It's mostly been filled by Evernote and its web clipper now. Any time I have a vague inkling that I might want a page again sometime, I clip it, so I can easily find it with a future search. (Often by accident since you can configure the clipper to show Evernote notes alongside search engine results.) The downside compared to something like this is that it only works if I have the foresight to clip a page. But the upside is that I don't end up indexing all the crap I definitely won't want again, so it's easier to find things in the remainder. Of course, there's no reason not to do both. A service like yours could catch anything that falls through the cracks with EN. If you could eventually create browser extensions like theirs that add results alongside search engine results, it might would help people rediscover pages they've used in the past. I was with you up to the last sentence. Dropping the operator just seems to obfuscate things unnecessarily. Enjoyed, thanks. Particularly liked "Let's call it half a win." Even better from a user's perspective (although undoubtedly untenable revenue-wise) would be micro-payments after reading the article. I'd much rather pay for something after I have a chance to determine its value. Perhaps showing a preview then a paywall to read the rest would work, but the vast majority of those I've seen use far too short a preview to really tell whether the article is worth reading. I'm just pleased that I finally found a math puzzle on HN that I was able to solve without looking ahead! (Although I called the radius of the cylinder r/a, where r is the radius of the sphere, which ended up making my math a bit messy...) Regardless, deserves an upvote just for the cheat answer at the end. I like that kind of reasoning! Exactly. Verizon can try to spin this as "Netflix is pushing this traffic on us through inferior intermediate links," but what's really happening is that Verizon's customers are requesting the traffic. The standard response when one of their border links is congested is to work with the peer to upgrade it. Level3 is willing to do so. Verizon would rather try to squeeze money out of Netflix for an unnecessary "direct link". Hopefully people see through this PR. The bilateral arrangement here is between the ISP and an internet backbone - in this case, likely Level3. Level3 has stated that they are willing to split the cost of upgrading the link. Verizon is unwilling to do so. It's also useful to note that the cost of upgrading a link is tiny in the terms of these companies - on the order of $10-20k[1]. Netflix already pays to have sufficient capacity at their end of the connection; it is the ISP's responsibility to do the same, since their customers are paying to access whatever internet content they want . It is unreasonable to expect Netflix to pay for a separate, unnecessary connection. That's more like if the Buffalo airport decided they were getting too many flights from LA, so if anyone else from LA wanted to fly to Buffalo, they would have to pay for the addition of their own private terminal. It's not the way things are normally done, and it doesn't make sense. [1] http://blog.level3.com/global-connectivity/observations-inte... I find the annotations interesting, but agree that they break up the flow. I think I prefer the style you see on some blogs where users can comment on specific paragraphs, and it will then show a little comment icon in the margin. However, that does restrict the specificity of the annotations. The thing is, he also explicitly states that they didn't have sex - consensual or otherwise. So I'm not sure how it's possible for a misunderstanding to exist where one person believes there was a rape, and the other believes there was no sex of any kind. It seems like one of the two parties must be lying. For the other, this must be a truly horrible situation. Wow. At one point years ago I did some testing to see if I could short any of the stocks in those pump-n-dump email scams that were big circa 2005 or so. Never did find one that was shortable... now I'm glad I didn't! Clever scam though. Maybe before long we'll start seeing subatomic transistors, along these lines: http://gizmodo.com/5793926/researchers-build-a-transistor-ou... Or some more possibilities: "In the long term, new switches might be based on magnetic, quantum or even nanomechanical switching principles. One possibility would be to use changes in the spin of an individual electron to represent a 1 or a 0."[1] [1] After the Transistor, a Leap Into the Microcosm (2009) http://www.nytimes.com/2009/09/01/science/01trans.html?pagew... Good point. Still, the 1.5nm scale they mention is significantly smaller than anything we have now. Is it conceivable that we will see a whole new type of electronics on a subatomic scale in the future though? (Where the structure of a chip is not even made out of atoms, but entirely of subatomic particles?) I actually have an electrical engineering degree, but the couple of materials courses I took back in the early 2000s are starting to feel a bit dated! One thing to be aware of with that series is that the pace and.. quality take a serious dip around books 6 to 9. If you find yourself getting bored or bogged down at that point, it's worth skimming, reading synopses, whatever, to keep with it, then pick it back up around book 10. Or just be aware that it gets better again. (Although the first few books were still the strongest IMO, except for possibly some of the Sanderson stuff. Here's a guide: http://jasonrpeters.com/2012/12/11/the-complete-guide-to-rer... Just started The Power of Full Engagement by Tony Schwartz and Jim Loehr. I believe it was recommended here a while ago. Starts off a bit weak, spending too much time almost trying to sell you the book it feels like, rather than getting down to what it's actually all about - you know the type, like those "motivational" videos that spend an hour talking about how great it works and how many people have changed their life without ever actually saying what the ___ "it" is . But it's not as bad as those, and I'm hopeful that as it gets into the real content it will be useful, since their general framework makes a lot of sense. (The key tenant being to focus on managing energy rather than time.) I'm also eagerly awaiting the next Patrick Rothfuss Kingkiller Chronicle book. (Despite the low-fantasy sounding name, the series is excellent . I think it's probably the only fantasy series I would strongly recommend people pick up despite the fact that it's not finished yet.) Similarly, some of the answers were unnecessarily vague. For instance, I actually happened to read just yesterday a blurb about racing horse speed, and I knew that while racehorses can reach around 30mph, the very fastest horses can apparently reach sprinting speeds (briefly) of around 50mph. So which answer does it want? (This was especially frustrating since for most of the other answers I had no friggin' clue...) I, too, have found freefilesync to be the best option so far for windows. Changed everything over from Synctoy recently. (I mirror everything I want to backup to a home server, then do cloud backups from there using crashplan.) I may have to give this a try, although it would be nice to see some figures on just how much faster it is, to see whether it would be worth it. freefilesync does do dry runs. Can bvckup2 copy the changed portion of files only? Does it compare file contents, or just size/modified time? (Or is that an option?) Agreed that trying to parse the giant logfile dumps of most sync programs is a pain, so kudos for that. The only thing I can imagine wanting one for, if it's small and light enough, is tracking progress while I exercise. Essentially a more advanced GPS watch with a heart rate monitor. Maybe you could put those zombie run games and stuff like that on it. And music ideally, if you could do wireless headphones. Aside from running or biking though, I have zero desire to have my email and such even more in my face than it is on my phone. Any time I'm going to interact with it for more than 5 seconds, it's going to be preferable to pull out my phone, which only takes a couple seconds anyway. Ya, I could go for something like that. Watch first, smart second. Not some giant-screened monstrosity. Although personally I have almost all my phone notifications off anyway, so I would probably use it as little more than a regular watch. Look for remote (telecommute) jobs. Our (tiny) company is 100% remote, and people work whatever schedules they want (as long as they're around for an hour on Monday afternoons for a weekly meeting). The tradeoff is we have to try to be available to help out in our off hours if something urgent comes up, but that doesn't tend to happen often. When I was on salary I worked as an electrical engineer rather than solely a programmer, but the environment was similar. I think I probably averaged a solid... 4-5 hours of high-quality work a day. And I honestly felt like that was pretty good most of the time; I was quite productive compared to many colleagues. I certainly did have the standard difficulties though. Days when I just couldn't seem to get started until 4pm when it was almost time to go home, so I'd end up having to choose between leaving after 8 hours without having accomplished much, or skipping the gym, working through the evening, etc. Either way I'd feel vaguely guilty. Now I run a (very) small software company and do everything I can to avoid these issues. My brief experience as a salaried employee was invaluable. (It makes me wonder how people who start companies right out of school ever manage to become effective managers.) I certainly don't want to run a company where my best employees are producing at about 50%. I've found that (much like the OP), when I switched to working for myself, my own productivity immediately shot up - but how can I help create a similar environment for my employees? The main thing in my opinion, as you'll regularly hear, is to focus on results, rather than hours. If it's a traditional office, as long as people are able to make meetings, they should be free to come and go as they please. One major issue I would have at my previous job was that I was expected to be there at 9am every morning. (Theoretically there were flex hours until 10am, but there was a sense that you were slacking coming in at 10, even if you stayed later than everyone else.) That meant if 5pm rolled around and I was really in the groove, I was torn between riding that productive wave and ... leaving, because if they're going to expect me to come in at the same time regardless, why should I stay late? Similarly, I would occasionally have work that I could do at home, and would in fact have ideas about work at home and want to work. (As an electrical engineer this wasn't as common as a software engineer, but I probably could have done 20%-40% of my work from home.) But again, there was mixed motivation, because I wouldn't get any credit for that time, regardless of how much I accomplished. So, as a manager, focusing on time spent has to be the absolute worst thing you can do for employee morale. However, what I didn't realize until I became a manager/owner was just how hard it is to be 100% results-oriented, especially when everyone is working remotely. Having a technical background myself, it's a bit easier, since I'm at least in a good position to evaluate the quality, and to some extent, the quantity of work produced. But even so, it can be very hard to not think about whether people are working "enough", especially when you can't physically see the work happening. I will occasionally find myself worrying when I don't see any commits or status updates or anything from a given employee over the course of a day or two, even though I have full confidence in them. And I think that's natural. Plus, it's a lot of work staying on top of the details of what people are doing, to the extent you have to, to be "results-oriented". It seems that most, or at least many, managers deal with this by just constantly "checking in". They just pop in (physically or virtually via chat or whatever), ostensibly to see what you're doing, help out if necessary, etc., but they don't really know what's going on, so there's no substance to the conversation - it's really just to see that you're there . There are even those services that take a picture every 30 seconds or whatever, theoretically to foster a team atmosphere, but it looks a lot to me like something to prove you have your butt in your chair. It is simply impossible to create good work by forcing someone to be physically present for a given number of hours, but it's a difficult thing to avoid. (Although I have found that some people appreciate those random check-ins that drove me crazy, so I try to identify when that's the case. If so, I will try to IM them occasionally, but I try to say something useful when I do, and pick times when it's unlikely to interrupt flow.) And it's made more difficult by the fact that you can't go too far the other way either. If you simply give 100% freedom and rely on your employees to keep you up to date, the work done might be of high quality, but it will slow to a glacial pace. People do need some amount of structure and goals to remain productive - just not pointless structure. That's the part I've struggled most with, since my main concern was the opposite type of bad management, which I'd been exposed to most in the past. For quite some time I avoided weekly meetings, since they felt like a waste of time given that we can easily communicate by email and chat. Turns out a brief weekly meeting (usually around 30 minutes) to get everyone in sync is immensely helpful in moving things along. Similarly keeping track of everything in a project tracker like Pivotal helps a ton. And paradoxically, these types of enforced structure allow for greater freedom, since they alleviate that stress of not knowing what your employees are doing. And hopefully they help on the employee's side too, since there are explicit goals and expectations to keep one motivated, along with the flexibility to pursue them in the most efficient way. Honestly, I'm sure there are still days when my employees get a solid 2 hours of work in. Few people can work at 100% capacity, 40 hours a week, week after week indefinitely. As a manager I figure I have to accept that, while providing the environment and the tools to help minimize those days as much as possible. (Providing sufficient vacation is another important factor there imo.) Of course, I still wonder what I could do better, so if anyone has thoughts (or disagreements!) I'd be happy to hear them! You assume that losing control of his twitter account couldn't have unforeseen consequences. I'm sure the author didn't expect that he would end up having to change his phone number. It's not at all implausible that there could have been further repercussions. Lots of good points there, but this seemed a bit odd: "...it’s worth managing your passwords, as inconvenient as that can be." Personally I find it much more convenient to use a password manager than to try to remember what username (or was it an email address?) and password I used for every obscure thing I've ever had to log into. Even if you tried to use the same password for everything, completely ignoring how bad an idea that would be, I think a good password manager would still be more convenient, since there are often restrictions on usernames and passwords that prevent you from using the same thing. (For example, my bank boneheadedly requires an alphanumeric password of exactly 6 characters...) This kind of thing is so awesome. I want my Jurassic Park, dang it! Wow, that article linked to this[1], from which I learned that the largest flying Pterosaurs had wingspans of over 10m (~35ft), and weighed upwards of 250kg (550lb). [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pterosaur_size#Speculation_abo... Did anyone else pedantically think that this phrase > The average maximum force the bricks can stand is 4,240N. That's equivalent to a mass of 432kg (950lbs). Should have instead read... >The average maximum force the bricks can stand is 4,240N (950lbs). That's equivalent to a mass of 432kg. ? Good points. I would add to his last point though that hiring at least one person with a high y-intercept can increase the slope of your other hires significantly. (It's a lot easier to learn something quickly if you have someone around who already knows a lot about it.) And people who both know a lot and learn quickly are expensive and rare, so I expect the optimal hiring process would look for a large percentage of relatively inexperienced fast learners, along with a small (but non-zero) percentage of more experienced people, even if they aren't likely to develop as quickly. (Perhaps consultants would fit well in that role too.) Totally, hence pedantic. But it does still seem to flow better the other way, if you discount the fact that most people tend to think of pounds in terms of mass. (Which of course is relevant and shouldn't be discounted.) The stack of hard drives definitely got a chuckle out of me. Which of us hasn't, at some point, had an old hard drive or two sitting around for exactly that reason? You don't want to wipe the old drive until you've got the new one up and running, and at that point there are more interesting things to do, and the old drive isn't even connected anymore and... meh, add it to the stack. There's a nice parallel there to the construction and launch of individual rockets, as described in another story on the homepage[1]. Many rockets are essentially designed to be single-use, so they can't be put through too much stress during testing. Therefore missions are essentially flown with completely new, largely untested rocket hardware. The work-around is to build two identical copies of the rocket. The first is a test unit which is tested to failure; the second is put through a very brief test to confirm that it appears to behave sufficiently similarly to the first, and then it's put into service. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8060031 You can get around some of these issues if you use a control panel like cpanel. (Although as you get further from the old-school LAMP stack the complexity starts to return.) Regardless, in the early stages, when you're just trying to determine whether there's a market for your product, there's a fairly low bar for system administration. As long as it works, it's probably good enough. Even security (beyond the most blatant things) can probably wait until you've got some revenue, since it's very unlikely you'll be subjected to a targeted attack before anyone has even heard of you. Even beyond medium popularity (depending on the type of site of course), you can move from a VPS to a dedicated server and handle quite a bit of traffic before you would need to use multiple boxes. (At least with some basic sysadmin skills, like using nginx instead of apache, or at least switching apache to the worker or event mpm and configuring it appropriately.) The next step from there could be moving the database to a separate server. You can get quite a ways without even worrying about load balancing/proxying/mirroring/etc. Slight inconveniences most likely. If you commute by bike, you then need to carry the helmet around with you or risk it being stolen. You have helmet hair, which sounds trivial, but might be an issue for some people riding to work and such. Things like that. Nothing huge that I can think of, but I'm sure these things discourage cycling to some extent, for some people. The room being the kitchen, which is not the room you're trying to heat up as you prepare for bed. Even if you're doing a couple hours of intense exercise every day, you're only going to be adding on the order of 1000 Calories to your daily usage. Resting burn for most adults is around 1500-2000, so that's ~3000. What do you consider "sufficient" exercise? Much more attractive too, if you prefer a redder (more like incandescent) light indoors. Modern LED bulbs are really good. I did as you suggested with Tokyo and that is indeed impressive. People walking everywhere. One-way streets really do make a ton of sense for cities. For sure. I just meant that if you prefer bluer light, you can get that with CFLs, but they can't give you the 'softer' light that we're used to from incandescents, while LEDs can (if that's your preference). Wow, that is intense. Way beyond what I'd call "sufficient" exercise though! If we wanted to build the ideal city and cost weren't a concern, we could really expand on the use of underground for transportation. The best cities for humans tend to have great subway systems, but in theory we could do a lot more. Basically all parking and most arterial roads could be underground, leaving above-ground an almost-entirely pedestrian paradise. Sure, driving in an endless tunnel doesn't sound terribly pleasant, but the idea is to get people from A to B efficiently, then out of the car. Unfortunately building this kind of infrastructure under existing cities would be prohibitively expensive. Under a new town you might be able to do it much more cheaply (which isn't to say cheaply in an absolute sense), but of course the economic incentive isn't there at that point. That said, with services like Uber, and much more so, driverless vehicles, hopefully the desire to bring a car along wherever we go will begin to ebb in the near future, making the narrow street vision described here much less of a compromise. I imagine those times when you need a car to get somewhere, spending some of the time weaving around through carts and pedestrians would be much less frustrating if you can kick back and read a book while it's happening. Even more though, there would be less concern of servicing parking for these sorts of regions, so you could still have a few arterial roads to get in and out, far less wasted parking space, and no need to build underground mazes to accomplish it. Good point (although you would hope better ventilation could help with that?) Regardless, we should be (finally) seeing more electric cars in the near future (not that they can't catch fire). Anyway, I don't think underground road situations are actually practical, just that it would be nice to use that third dimension more in an ideal world.