Only news article I could find on it: http://domainincite.com/go-daddy-gripe-site-shuts-down/ I saw this video back when it was first uploaded, very interesting video and well done I agree that your site does not make it clear to the user, as a web developer I know that sometime we are not the best at conveying what we do and just assume others will understand. By that same token I was willing to hand over my calendar access because also know that sometime you have to take a chance for a huge reward, the reward being an awesome service, I would love to try it out however every date on my calendar is gray and I have a lot of events on my calendar so I am a little confused at how to work it I can't tell you how much I wish there existed a site that allowed for programmers to work for non-profits easily. There are often times when I have downtime but I am too burnt out to work on my own projects and I just want a change of pace. I feel like most non-profits could greatly benefit from developers and designers helping them either with their web presence or to help with efficiency. Recently I helped a national Fraternity, not my own, with tracking and recording tweets using a certain hashtag over the span of 40 days. Their method prior to me was copy + pasting the tweets that they liked from twitter (Using twitter search) in a word document. Using open source tools like phirehose I was able to help them record and track 5K+ tweets and export the data into something they could use. Helping out with this was very rewarding and I had a ton of fun. I wish their were more opportunities like this. The problem was I had to contact them, they had no idea that there were people even out their that could do that let alone do it for free. I hope that in a few days I see a "Show HN: Weekend project- NonProfitCoding.com" (The domain is open, I just don't have the time to work on something like that right now) on the front page because I would defiantly join. I am having the EXACT same problem. My domains look like this on namecheap http://imgur.com/mtSsd and they said that GoDaddy was blocking them from getting the Whois info as well. I understand not wanting to jump to conclusions but I trust GoDaddy about as far as I can throw the elephants that their CEO shoots... Dubstep, I listen to techno/dubstep/trace music because usually there are little to no words/lyrics which tend to distract me. Also I make sure to listen to LARGE playlists so that I rarely hear a repeat in the span of a few days which keeps my mind from memorizing the beats/music so I don't get caught up in the music I just let it play. Check out Rusko and Skrillex those are the top 2 I listen to when programming I am Greek (FIJI at UK) and a web developer and there is a LOT of money to be made in the market. If you are interested in talking just email me Josh[at]JoshStrange[dot]com > Greeks have specific needs that Facebook and other sites do not meet. Online recruitment tools, online bill pay tools (LOTS of money here), Online chapter management tools (Email/SMS blasts, calendars, philanthropy hours tracking, event planning) > At UPenn, the average budget is ~$125,000 a semester, and that's money each house MUST spend. > > Perhaps, but what fraction of that do they spend on software, social networking or otherwise? A frat budget of $125K becomes less interesting if they spent $110K of that on Natty Light. Please don't fall prey to common stereotypes, not every dollar we collect goes to alcohol, in fact 0% of my chapters budget goes to alcohol. Also "Frat" has negative connotation, please refer to them as Fraternities. > CollegeACB had 900,000 hits its 2nd day, now its down. I never had and never will support CollegeACB/JuicyCampus type websites as all they are used for is spreading rumors and hate. Any idiot can throw up a copy-cat website in a few hours and slap ads on it to make a few bucks. There is plenty of money to be made marketing to Fraternities and Sororities as most of the companies operating in this sector are are doing a horrible job and are years behind tech-wise. I would be happy to work with anyone who wants to write web apps for Greek's. -Josh Strange University of Kentucky FIJI - Phi Gamma Delta Yes and there is also BillHighway which has signed almost ALL Sororities at the national level, OmegaFi, LegFi (Based in Lexington), and I'm sure there are a couple other that are less popular. They all suck, majorly, we use LegFi and simple things like "I want to get an email when anything is charged to me" is not available and they don't store my CC info so I have to re-enter it each time, SMS support is non-existant even thought I wrote a standalone implementation of how it could work and offered to add it to their system FOR FREE... I never heard back. I was hoping that at least I could make the product suck less for my chapter but that wasn't even an option. I would love to start my own Greek dues collection company but can't take the time to build it out only to have to fight for scraps (As in I would have to sell it to each chapter). Note that the golden goose is that you get paid Yearly/Semesterly so it's the gift that keeps on giving. (We are talking $40-$60 PER member PER year/semester). Hit me up if you are interested. I have seen 0 inovation in college for as long I can remember. The "inovations" they claim are: moving courses online, offering online "aids" (Blackboard sucks), and my bigest pet peeve, making students pay for access to online homework (With no offline alternative). All of these are just ways to pump more money into the schools and to increase the teacher -> student ratio. NONE of these actually help students, in fact I would argue that they make them lazier. I have yet to learn anything at college that has helped me with my job (Web and mobile programming) and the CS classes my college offers are woefully outdated, often by about 5-10 years. I am in school for a piece of paper, I would gladly pay 25% more for tuition if I could just buy my degree. College (In it's current state) is a waste of time. The only advantage college has given me is my Fraternity which has opened the doors to all sort of possibilities whereas my classes has done nothing. So to answer the question "Are college students learning?" The answer is 2-fold. * Are they learning anything in class? No, just enough to pass the exam. * Are they learning other life lessons? Yes, IF they get involved on campus in other ways (Greek life, student council, student activities board, etc) Going to college is no longer a ticket to a job, if you want to be successful I would suggest going to college and getting the grades but focus on meeting people, getting involved, expanding your network. It's not what you know it's who you know, it doesn't matter if you have the "next facebook" idea, if you don't know someone that can help you make it happen it wont. Old story but great message, I always send this to people that don't understand how important privacy on the internet really is Picture for clarification: http://o7.no/zjmjyf Looks like they forgot to add those in before hitting "Publish" I wish there was an option to switch to timezone names (EST, CST, etc) instead of just cities but still this is great as timezones anyways throw me off Started with my TI-84+ SE in middle school and never looked back I went ahead and setup http://ZiptasticAPI.com/ instead of using GET you just add the Zip code to the url ex: http://ZiptasticAPI.com/40504 all the code is on github https://github.com/joshstrange/Ziptastic I just wanted something a little cleaner and without using GET. This is really cool but I can't get the PNG node module to install on my server or on my laptop This looks awesome and with it (when it gets a few more languages for syntax highlighting) I will really have to reconsider buying an iPad + bluetooth keyboard for on-the-road/on-vacation times when I need to make minor edits online for work. Also I would order an iPad today if it also included an ssh terminal. That would seal it for me! Also maybe some way to connect through sftp and edit files directly on a server would be great I'll agree that the web development scene is somewhat "fragmented" but I would argue that Android's fragmentation is not only worse but harder to adjust for. When coding a website and dealing with different browsers/capabilities/screen sizes I can test all of the different combinations on my laptop. The times when I need to test a site on windows I either get someone else to run QA on it at work or I fire up a remote solution such as http://browserstack.com . The bottom line is I CAN test all the combinations. Now switch to Android. I'm sorry but emulators are NO EXCUSE for the real thing. I have had code fail in an emulator and then work fine on the device. The emulators are VERY slow and trying to run them on my Macbook Air (4GB RAM) is next to impossible. iOS's Simulator is 100x better. (Emulator != Simulator) I'm sorry but I would rather write websites all day and have to test on 4 Browsers Across 2 OS's then write one more app for Android. Couldn't agree with this more. Once a bunch of people start using your Android app you will get buried under support issues. The company I wrote some apps for will email me all the time saying X device on Y.Z version of Android doesn't work... Most of the time it's just a dead end. Unless I get one of those phones in my hands to test it or if it is spitting out an error code that I know how to fix then there is no easy way to debug the problem. It's frustrating as a developer because I WANT to provide the best experience in my mobile apps but that is a very hard to do as the Android platform seems to be in a constant state of flux with countless new devices hitting stores all the time. I disagree. Testing is STILL much easier for web development, the android emulators are no replacement for the real thing. Yeah, if you want to give me the top 7 Android phones then yes, development becomes easier (I'm sorry but still no where near as "easy" as it is in the world of web development). We normally will test Win/OSX and the latest FF+Chrome and then IE7/IE8/IE9/Soon-IE10. This in total means testing 6 different combos (No IE on OS X and only test FF/Chrome in one OS). I might throw the site in safari just to double check but since it runs on webkit I usually can trust that if it works in Chrome it will work in Safari. At the end of the day we have to much less checking in web development than we do in mobile because while browsers are different that are more alike than they are different. That cannot be said for Android/iOS, they differ down to their very core and most cross-platform attempts fall hopelessly short of a usable app. So you have to connect to a wifi network that is created by the TuneBridge? Isn't this highly inefficient? When a user does this they will not have internet on their phone/ipod any more, it will make the device un-usable. I got excited about this due to the cheeper price but lack of internet is a huge problem and it essentially "breaks" the device functionality. These devices were not meant to connect to wifi hotspots lacking internet conductivity. I have created wifi-hotspots with no internet conductivity in the past and it is hard to keep a device connected to it due to the device trying to find a real source of internet. No for 2 reasons, 1) As @lmm mentioned, you can get free t-shirts from just about anywhere and it's not worth having a huge ad on your back 2) Launchrock is one of the most annoying 'Coming Soon' pages out there. Why would I share your service/product on Twitter/FB/Email to my friends and family when I haven't even ever used it Step 1: Google "hacker news userscript open links in new tab" Step 2: Second Result "Hacker News | // ==UserScript== // @name news.yc open in new ta" ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=128307 ) (Screenshot: http://o7.no/KClBIc ) Step 3: Copy that to a file called newtab.user.js Step 4: Open that file in Chrome/Firefox/Safari/Any Browser that supports userscripts and install Now on to your second gripe, would you rather have HN iframe in the link and add a banner bar at the top? No one liked it back when Digg tried it and no one will like it now, I'm sure if you wanted you could write a userscript (or add on the the other one) so that on link click it added an iframe under the link to the bottom of the page and shrunk the top to just visible enough to see the link title the up vote button and a close button that was added in to allow for removing the iframe. However that would still be susceptible to framekillers http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Framekiller and we come back to the main reason, you want a way to be able to vote after you have "inspected" the content without having the remember to go click the link on HN. Yeah, that would be a nice feature, if there was an api and a way to authenticate users and their votes then someone could write a userscript/chrome app/FF plugin that and a HN up arrow in the top right/left of any page that existed in HN's library of links. That way even if you didn't get to the article via HN you can still up vote it on HN. Alas. Next time don't go complaining about things you can easily find answers to and problems that are impossible to solve at this time. Is something like that possible? Maybe, but by your own admission "I'm not a programmer" I don't think you will be able to accomplish it. From what you wrote I am guessing you want to make a dumbed-down interface for creating full featured iPhone/Android/BB (Why even bother with BB) apps such as appmakr.com. This endeavor will not be worth your time, apps like these are super low quality and suffer from the cookie-cutter-app syndrom (Yes I think I just made that up). No some should be polluting the eco-system with more of these, especially someone who doesn't even know how to program, no offense it's just this would be hard to begin with and it's an impossible problem to solve. You just can't create a product like this that puts out quality apps. If you really find the buttons to be too small then why don't you look in to writing (or finding) a userscript to make them bigger/different? I only suggest it because the likelihood that HN is going to change is very low. +1 for the Star Trek TNG reference If you want a glimpse into what it might look like check out AssistantExtensions (Jailbreak) http://ae.k3a.me/tutorial.htm And SiriSports which is built on top of it http://www.iphonehacks.com/2012/03/sirisports-nba-mlb-nhl-sc... No @jgeorge you are completely correct, I was just coming here to raise the same point. This is NOT password salting, it's appending a string to the start of each password based on the site. But it's not just any string, no, the author of this blog post wants you to put the NAME of the site the password is for. It will take someone a whole 5 seconds to guess that if for your FB password you used facebookFsdh52f then your google password might just be... wait for it.... googleFsdh52f. Now if you were "salting" (Still not sure that's what I would call it) your passwords for each site you used with a RANDOM string then yes it would provide extra security, however at that point why aren't you just randomly generating the whole thing. The author clearly doen't know what he is talking about and is using buzzwords to drive pageviews. He is an idiot. I tried to test this out but even on localhost it kept throwing: status: "That domain isn't registered..." And I don't really feel like paying $10 to TEST if the tool really works, let alone if I want to use it. Working demo please. "You can make up a new title if you want, but if you put gratuitous editorial spin on it, the editors may rewrite it." iPad Killer? If that does't qualify as "gratuitous editorial spin" I don't know what does. Even if Microsoft does come out with a tablet on monday it will not be an iPad killer at all. Apple has cornered the market on tablets and I know of a fact that it would be impossible for Microsoft to even get close to the iPad in terms of functionality let alone price. So once again: No Microsoft will not announce a "potential iPad killer". Ars Technica didn't call it an iPad killer for the exact reasons I mentioned above and because they would be the laughing stock of the tech news world if they did. I realize that the this is the article title, however, Geek Hours must be quite dense to use "iPhone 4s" to talk about multiple "iPhone 4"'s. It is very confusing. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2533105 XCode This would be cool if it was a news aggregator pulling from HN and various programmer/tech/hacker sub-reddit's. This is something I have wanted for a while. Sort of a Reddit front page for hackers that is a combination of handpicked sub-reddit's and HN stories. Well the site doesn't work as of the time you submitted it.... Fixed now Edit: Spoke too soon, the list of the API's all say "No methods" when you click on them I can't help but point out that "Code; More Code; Even More Code" counts as 3 lines in my book, not one. Anyone can delete whitespace & newlines.... Guess what? jQuery, when minified, is only "one" line but no one would every refer to jQuery as only being 1 line of code. All you have done is "Minified" someone else's code by hand... Not a very useful skill. Sequel Pro + SSH tunnels is how I connect to all of my mySQL servers and i can honestly say you will not find a better experience out there. Well I can't sign up as Webkit inspector's console is throwing "Attempted to Google SSO before it was initialized." when I try to signup/login via google Um, have you ever setup an iPhone for the first time? It walks you through absolutely every thing the device wants to do (Location, Siri, etc) and you can turn them all off and on. Please don't go making wildly incorrect claims. Check out LayerCake if you want to easily "cut up" a psd into it's individual images. With LayerCake you can even set it up to auto-export your images every time you save the psd. It seems your biggest problem was that you didn't have programmer on "your side" which is absolutely necessary. I outsource parts of projects or whole projects using oDesk and have little to no problems. Did you really expect the company you hired to care as much about your project as you did? To them you are just money. You said you built your site on top of wordpress, I see this happen most often with low-quality and cookie-cutter development companies. Hell, I used to work for one of those companies and let me tell you quality is not even on the list of things they cared about. However if you have coder they can review the code written so that they at least have an understanding of it and know how to extend it or which direction to push the outsourced worker in. I'm sorry but if you don't have someone IN your company who can code and you are going to have a bad time. This is correct only to a point. If all your site is only serving up fairly static content then yes, you should not need JS to view it and it should degrade nicely. However by not using JS to it full extent, the website developer would actually be hurting the consumer experience. If you disable JS I have no sympathy for you, I'll try to make the site work as well as I can but I will not spend much extra time re-coding things so they work for a tiny percentage of people. Developing for disabled JS is developing for IE6 as in I don't do it. It's a waste of time that could be spend giving the rest of your customers or users a better experience. It is because of all of this that I find your post unhelpful and useless. Would you rather us all go back to the dark ages? Some of us are actually trying to build something awesome instead of supporting people who have made their choice to have a bad web experience by disabling JS. Just bought this app and I love it! It doesn't give you everything available in GA but it provides me with EXACTLY what I want when I open the app: A quick look at my sites and recent stats on them. The design is beautiful and I would have easily paid $3+ for it. It's only $1 in the app store: http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/analytiks/id427268553?mt=8... So kickstarter for steam without the funding? > Long live the iPad 3, The new iPad is dead! Uh, shouldn't that be: "The new iPad is dead. Long live the iPad3!"? If they were not attempting to riff off of: "The King is dead. Long live the King." then the sentence really makes no sense. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_King_is_dead._Long_live_the... . Looks like a very cool concept, any idea on when invite will actually be sent out? Also do you have any public docs or other content to look over? I like it however I am stuck on "Open last closed tab" for Sublime in chrome. Whenever I type it chrome opens the last closed tab.... Between "Unfortunately, the domain was harder to come by than a tequila shot at an AA meeting" and "This is the digital version of “smoking him out” (like you would a rabbit in a hole, not a pothead in a dorm room)." I couldn't stop laughing. I'm confused, hasn't this existed for a while now? I have had this installed on my machine since Jun 4th, 2012. How is this "News"? I got a similar vibe. Also I DID support sparrow. I told absolutely every person I know with a mac that they should use sparrow. Every computer I setup at work and for friends I installed sparrow by default. I have tweeted about loving sparrow. I'm really not sure what more I could have done other than wear a sandwich board around with their logo on it. That STILL didn't stop them from being bought out... You can, I am on my phone right now so i can't give specifc examples, but there are apps I paid for through the OS X App Store that are open-source. It was easier to get it through the app store and I got to support the developers. I prefer this model because anyone can contribute back to the collective whole and abandonware is less of a problem. Well I turned on two-factor authentication and then updated Sparrow (iOS and OS X) with the new password and everything was fine... Until the iOS version constantly kept telling me I had an incorrect password. I tried various troubleshooting tips online but to no avail. Until I can use this with everything I can't use it at all. Also the video was painfully long... I agree a package manager should be used. I stopped looking after those 2 issues and never even got a chance to dive into the, what looks to be bad, code. Agreed, the FIRST place they put their Safe Helpline number is about half way down the page in a block of text. That number should be in the header. It looks like they are trying to steer people to using the online system for chatting with their "Get Live Help Now" CTA bubble but it might be under the "page fold" for some resolutions. I will pay for it as soon as the epub/mobi version come out so I can read it on my kindle, I despise pdf's for reading books. Ok, maybe I am extremely daft but how do you turn off the voice reading out each word you type? I turned my device on vibrate/silent mode - no dice, then I tried turning the system volume down to nothing - no dice. What am I missing here? How about if you could double click on the slider to enter your own exact value. Also maybe throw in a checkbox for reduced redundancy? I just read through that entire EVE post and WOW was it long. It was a really good read, even if somewhat repetitive, and just wanted to say thanks for linking to it! For setting up a remote computer for SSH key login I use this little snippet that I think I found on HN not too long ago cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub | ssh USER@HOST "cat >> .ssh/authorized_keys" Of course the receiving server mush have a ".ssh" folder in the user folder and "authorized_keys" must exist "touch ~/.ssh/authorized_keys" but it is a super easy way to add your key to the remote server. Just thought I would share, I hope someone else finds it useful. I just forwarded this info out to my fraternity, good luck! Over Quota This application is temporarily over its serving quota. Please try again later. Whoa, this is news to me, I checked out sauce a month or so ago and came to the same conclusion as highwind. $12/mo is something that I would be more interested in. You should make that way more obvious. I haven't fully harnessed the power of TDD and it isn't used at my current job so I have no use for it. On the other hand the ability to test websites on different browsers is very important to my job and for $12/mo it's something I can afford to get for myself to use for work and personal projects. I think it is, I didn't even click on the link to gmail and my chrome crashed just a seconds ago. Looks like a sync issue maybe? I think you are blowing things a little out of proportion. As you mentioned in your blog post you say that ever other bank's app you have tested has had the same "shortcomings". That said I would venture a guess that none of your other banks are anywhere near on the same level as Simple. I have been a Simple customer for a couple months now I absolutely LOVE the service. I have dug into what happens behind the scenes on their website and yes, they do pass more data back and forth than is always needed but they are using SSL so I'm not too worried. You say you reached out to their security team and waited 8 days for a reply before following up, why didn't you just use Simple's support? I have reached out to them multiple times and always received a response within an hour. One of those times they redirected me to their engineering team so I could talk directly with one of their programmers, we exchanged 3-4 emails that same day. Should they have monitored this security email address you sent to better? Yes, but they provide the best support of any bank I have used in the past. Pretty much I don't feel like the "concerns" you raised are all that important and in fact the whole post smells of FUD IMHO. Sorry, I often write my comments in reply to the whatever was linked. I should have written it differently. Pretty unrelated to the article but does it annoy anyone else when you click a link on HN then can't hit the back button without being redirected back to the page you were linked to? I like the idea but I couldn't get it running on my localhost, I'm guessing it has to do with the fact yours was in a subdirectory and mine was at the root. I even tried fiddling with the .htaccess file removing the hardcoded reference to the subfolder. Anyways I am curious why you choose to write the whole base of the CMS from scratch instead of building on top of a framework like Laravel, Yii, CI, or one of the countless ones out there. One that could have given your CMS 90% of what you needed and allowed you to build your idea faster and more efficiently? I respect your mision to make it "as hard as possible" and understand where you are coming from. My opinion is that a framework lets you follow a ton of best practices by default and helps you from reinventing the wheel. That said I do like what you have done, I am going to give it another try when I get a chance. I'm surprised there was no mention of http://Laravel.com I think it really come down to what you will deploying on. For me (a PHP/MySQL dev) I work primarily with Unix boxes so switching to OS X made a lot of sense as my laptop shares a lot in common with the servers I deploy out onto. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jury_nullification > Jury nullification occurs when juries acquit criminal defendants who are technically guilty, but who do not deserve punishment. It occurs in a trial when a jury reaches a verdict contrary to the judge's instructions as to the law. I do not agree with kristenlee but I did want to bring up at a jury can let someone walk who is technically guilty. Edit: Sorry, didn't mean to post the same as 2 other people I read the article then came back to read the comments and I didn't see the other comments as I hadn't refreshed the page Am I missing something? The query, at one point, is "People who like Cycling and live in Seattle, Washington" yet the 2nd person "card" clearly states they live in San Francisco, California. Pic: http://dl.dropbox.com/u/2148004/Screenshots/~-mm.png This is exactly the point I was coming to make. I like the idea of Mincss, I have even considered making something like it before, but the problem is that if you are adding and removing dom elements with JS then I doubt this program would be able to correctly identify them all and would accidentally clear out CSS that your site needed. That said, I am sure that static sites/non-JS intensive sites might be able to use this. > Alternatively, it's not too uncommon for people to be homophobic either because they don't understand their sexuality, or because they understand it but want to hide it from other people. That is exactly what I thought after reading the articles on this, his response, and the Standford news article. > “I clicked on the video b/c I thought the warning was a joke,” wrote in the comments. I’m furious I had to see something like this.” Really? And somehow it is Vine's fault you saw porn while clicking on a video named "Dildoplay" with the tags "nsfw" "porn" "nsfwvine". I can't feel sorry for you. Yes it is too bad that this showed up in the first place but lets not start with the pitchforks. This was a simple mistake that was completely avoidable by users who have 2 eyes and can read. Like I said it shouldn't have been there in the first place but lots not act like you accidentally clicked on a video that has all the correct warning of it's content. "Officer, I didn't know that when I pulled the pin out of that grenade that it would explode, I thought it was a joke". Currently I am using Elastic Beanstalk because it means I don't have to worry about machines or scaling. Using the configuration ( http://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/custom... ) files I am able to install any extra packages I need or run commands. After I am more confident that out EC2 config will not change I will create an AMI to launch new instances from so that I don't have to wait for the server to install the packages I need. I run 2 environments in my app (develop and production) my production branch is master and I work on a "develop" branch and push those changes to EB to test before merging and committing them in the master branch. There is this https://github.com/xdissent/ievms We use icon fonts on my current side project and it is wonderful to work with. We use font awesome ( http://fortawesome.github.com/Font-Awesome/ ) which works well with (or without) twitter bootstrap. It had greatly improved our UI and sped up development. I personally have never used it but I saw Barkeep ( http://getbarkeep.org/ ) and have it bookmarked as what I want to use on my next project. Barkeep was also featured on HN a little bit back if memory serves. I just got the email the other day about PHP integration, thank you! These guys are awesome, when they released all the other libs (ruby, node, etc) I reached out to them about PHP but had an issue with the email address they provided. I tweeted at them and got a reply almost instantly with a different email to try and once I sent my message I got an email reply almost as fast as the tweet. They were super friendly and helpful and told me they were working on it. Thanks for everything, keep up the great work! While I haven't observed directly everything you bring up I think you make very good points. It's funny, when I started reading this I immediately thought "They are doing just fine and their rewards program is quite nice" Then I realized I was thinking of Qdoba. I have completely stopped visting Chipotle because even if the food is not as high quality at Qdoba (Something you suggest Chipotle is slipping on) their customer service is leaps and bounds better. I went out to eat with my Mom when she was in town last, we went to Qdoba and I swiped my rewards card. It turns out I had a free burrito and so it was used (Yes, I am aware you can turn on a "stockpiling" mode via the website that doesn't auto-spend your rewards points but I usually don't need or want it on). I tweeted about it jokingly, something along the lines of "Damn, it would be when my Mom was paying that I would get a free burrito" and I included a @qdoba in the message. Not 5 min later I got a reply back on twitter asking for me to DM my rewards card number to their main twitter account so they could credit me a free burrito. They did nothing wrong on their end and I got a free burrito, by all counts (even mine) there was nothing they needed to do to "make this right" it was already right. I'm not saying Chipotle wouldn't have done the same thing but it's just something Qdoba did do that won them my loyalty. I am using Laravel on multiple projects right now and LOVE it. Similar post that was on the front page recently: "No, I'm not going to download your bullshit app" http://tommorris.org/posts/8070 ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5162841 ) I agree, while the app might provide a better experience for Browsing the site in question is does not provide the information that I am currently seeking. Forums often do the "Download our mobile app" (I assume that they are all running on something, PHPBB?, that makes it dead-simple to make an app or point one master app at their particular forum). Also to your point about not having a mobile->desktop redirect - I hate this. My roommate and I are looking to buy a house and he spends most of his time looking for houses on his phone (in class) so the links he posts on the Trello, that we are using to keep track of the houses, are all mobile. They often don't have as many pictures of the house as the full site does and the controls are often awkward to use. Worse yet, simply removing the "m" from "m.sitename.com" doesn't link to the desktop version and I often have to copy the address, go to the main site, and search for the house to find it. I agree, I don't have a problem with affiliate ads but if the article in question is a gushingly positive review without any negatives mentioned and they are using an affiliate link then I tend to question the motivation behind writing it. I also will then look for a review that doesn't contain an affiliate id or one that covers the pros and cons giving a full review instead of an advertisement disguised as a review. Trek is making a huge mistake IMHO. As a developer I can think of nothing more helpful than to get a "steam-of-consciousness" excerpt from our users. This is something no analytics package can tell you, if you want to make your "product" easy to use then this is the exact feedback you need. Delverworld was outlining the various pitfalls of getting started with ember.js and a core contributor shrugs it off because he didn't like the guys attitude? No one likes having their shortcomings pointed out but it would have made much more sense for Trek to admit that getting started could be made easier and that the Ember.js team would look into ways to make it easier. Ignoring the issue like he is "above it" is pretty fucking pretentious if you ask me. @Trek I do understand what you are saying and I don't want for a minute to imply that you are required to help, I understand that you are a volunteer. That said my point is that while you might not have liked the way he phrased his post, writing him off because of it is not what I would have done. I will be the first to admit that I can be a VERY sarcastic person if I put my mind to it and so maybe my opinion is biased to agree with the style and even enjoy reading things written in this style. Reading Delvarworld's post brought back many memories on trying new software/code (not ember specifically) and the irritation felt when something has such a high learning curve. However, I believe that it makes more sense to simply agree that the documentation could be better and possibly even invite Delvarworld to jump on IRC or discuss on the forums ways he thought the docs could be improved instead of ignoring him. In my mind I saw it as someone explaining the steps they took to try something and outlining the various ways they failed in that endeavor and then you, a core contributor, coming down to essentially tell him to fuck off, it wasn't worth your time. I know that's not what you wrote and I don't think that's how you felt but it is what I got out of it. I think bphogan makes a great point with "I'm sure you didn't just dismiss it internally, so why did you dismiss it externally?". I don't know you, I have actually never heard of you , this was the first thing (to my knowledge) that I have ever read of yours and what I took away from it was that you simply didn't care. Like I said I don't think you don't care, it's just how it came across, at least to me. Same here, I used to be much more of a "hot-head" when it came to things like this (I'm still not perfect, far from it) but I try not to take things as personally, at the end of the day if it makes my product better then I should shut up and be happy. Peter, I get this, I get this 100x over. When I put my time/effort into something I try to do my very best. A user telling me it's wrong/broken/sucks makes me feel like my best isn't good enough. My point was that publicly a response like this hurts far more than the satisfaction you get from posting it. Trust me, I have been burned by this before and I had to learn from it. I have never used Ember.js but I plan to, I think it looks cool and have seen a few projects that use it to do really cool things. A response like this makes the community look un-inviting, the whole "Figure it out yourself"/"It's not worth my time to help you" attitude is not productive. I may realize that one developer does not speak for the entire project but not everyone will and there will be people turned off by such a response. I would hate to see Ember.js suffer because one developer found it against his "rules" to respond AND took the time to make sure everyone knew how he felt. With all due respect I don't think that this is what happened here. That's fine if he felt no need to help, to problem is when you go out of your way to let someone, someone who is trying to learn, that you think they aren't worth your time due to the tone of their post. I understand where the OP is coming from, the frustration at trying to learn something and constantly hitting roadblocks. Was he a little sarcastic? Yes, however I would be too if I couldn't find any help. This situation was escalated by the fact that his cry for help was met with a core contributor taking the time to tell him he wasn't going to help. I would compare that to going up to a homeless man and telling him you weren't going to give him any money. There just wasn't a good reason to post something like that. That may very well be true but it doesn't change the fact that his response was very negative (much more so than the OP's) and for no good reason. The OP did not say "Trek sucks, his attempt at documentation is laughable" in fact I would venture a guess that the OP had no idea who Trek was prior to his posting. This was not an attack against Trek or the work he has done but rather a frustrated programmer explaining his predicament and asking for help and Trek told him he wasn't worth his time. If that's not pouring gas on the fire I don't know what is. If I were the OP I would completely abandoned trying to learn Ember.js after a comment like that, talk about kicking a man when he is already down. Could not agree more, there was a post on HN about this recently[1] and I also found this[2] one when searching for the first. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5267330 [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4034972 But that is the problem, "I find it very easy to avoid saying sexually inappropriate things to women I don't know." They weren't talking to her or even about her. They had their own conversation and she overheard it and instead of being an adult and turning around to say something she tweeted it and caused someone to lose their job. I too can keep from saying sexually inappropriate things to women however that is not what happened in this case. That interface makes my eyes bleed, is that what is considered "cutting edge" in the stock trading industry? I get that, I would have just thought even with a product optimized for the traits you mention would be a little more advance. That said I realize I am making a snap judgement here from a single screenshot of the software which is probably not entirely fair of me. I was simply under the impression that the tools traders used were a little more advanced looking I guess. > Essentially you're jumping the gun in saying that Twitter is two-faced ("They say they're open but they're really not") all based upon no data or concrete evidence. Yes because I can't think of any other examples where Twitter has screwed developers.... Oh wait.... Yes, there might be a TOS issue here (and maybe even a valid one) but their track record makes it pretty clear that they just don't give a shit about developers. Thank you for this, I really enjoy learning about the inner working of other industries. Thank you for correcting my ignorance. "I would certainly not trust my life savings to some mysterious computer algorithm created by shadowy anonymous characters in a system that attracts underworld types." Yes, because the central banks' hands are clean and they would never screw over customers for their own gain.... Oh wait.... I'm not saying Bitcoins are some magical currency that herald a new age of money but rather this article ignores many of the positives of Bitcoin while using week arguments to attack it. I'm still seeing it 9:50 EST There is a limit to what you can skin in Adium and some of those things you just can't change so even if you make the messages view look beautiful the tabs for each conversation are un-theme-able. Segment.io is awesome and I highly recommend them. As for the actual analytics use GA + somethings else. Check out HeapAnalytics they have a pretty awesome tool. Came here to say the same thing, I had to re-read that like 5 times before I realized "Yes, Yes, she did just admit to breaking Twitters TOS...." I'm in the same boat, maybe I am just not familiar enough with this kind of software but I can't tell, do you have to have the SSID/Key to connect or does this piggy-back on it somehow? And the text in the article keeps say 317K births even though the graphic shows 371K I think he over-generalizes with the statement "we were all given medals for trying", I didn't grow up in that kind of environment but I have seen exactly what he is talking about. When I was about 16-18 I started to notice it, the removing of the possibility of failure which manifested itself as "everyone gets an award", "Removal of star roles in plays, transitioning to everyone having a small part so no one felt left out", "Everyone is a winner, there are no losers", etc. I have 2 big issues with this kind of thinking: 1) That's not how the real world works so you end up setting these kids up for failure 2) If you never fall down you never learn how to pick yourself back up I completely agree with your statement about the texting. He hung out with this guy outside of professional channels multiple times (Pizza/Walks/etc) so why would he expect this guy to suddenly change his method of communication when it comes to job. Not to mention by his own admission it wasn't an awesome job, he was offering it a favor/because he liked the guy. My dad is real estate agent and the majority of his younger clients ( TL;DR: These VM's suck and you are better off pirating the OS and making your own VM's. Mint is awesome and I really like my bank Simple ( https://Simple.com ). It makes it easy to set goals and monitor your money. If anyone wants an invite you can email me I have 9 at the time of writing this. And you can edit the email address without being logged in Some of Valve's games will download the engine/binaries first then the levels after in order so you can start to play the game while it is still downloading. I have personally experienced this. Also: http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=14004... >>Apparently some of Valve's singleplayer games let you do so. > Yeah, some do such as Half-Life 1 where it'll prioritize downloading of the binaries first, then the levels. > Granted it makes for long load times if you hit a level transition for a map that's still downloading. > Granted, the list that support that 'feature' are slim. We complain all the time that the major news networks don't cover what is really important or that they cover them and move on like it never happened. I think it is a good think that it is kept present in our minds so we don't forget it or write it off as "There is nothing we can do about it". Seeing the entire front page of HN covered in stories on it might be slightly annoying but it is much better than the alternative (no coverage) IMHO. I am 22 but in fact I don't have enough time on my hands which is the exact reason I am trying Soylent. Trying to work my day job and my side project leave me very little time and Soylent is offering a cheap, fast, easy method to consume the needed nutrients everyday. I'm not sure what you have against it. I'm not trying to be jerk but, why? I agree completely, there have been many articles written on how Americans break laws all the time without knowing it (No, I'm not saying that buying/selling/doing drugs falls into this umbrella) and the government cannot possibly prosecute everyone from every crime. This allows the government to pick and choose who they prosecute. Lets imagine the following scenario which is very similar to the one above. 1. Person P smokes marijuana by themselves, doesn't sell, doesn't buy large amounts, "Personal Use" 2. 3-letter-agency ABC is pretty sure person P smokes through some text/call/email/web browsing/etc but has bigger fish to fry 3. Person P is an outspoken critic of government G (or just a supporter of something government G is not a fan of) 4. Government G runs a search on person P through their database and find that ABC is 85% sure this person smokes marijuana 5. Government G tips off local police that they might just want to stop person P's car on X date 6. Person P is now either imprisoned which will greatly hamper their efforts or scared into shutting up and keeping their head down Now let smoking marijuana be swapped out for some other crime, something that "everybody does", like downloading a song/movie/app, or maybe it's even more minor but they decide to "Make an example of you". The example zeteo gave is very good but most people can write it off with "Well he WAS committing a crime" but if the end goal of the first stop (the "Foot in the door") was actually to censor the person then I think people would see more of an issue. It's not, that is why the ATV2 goes for as high as it does on eBay/Craigslist/etc (It can be jailbroken). AFAIK there is not anyone actively working on a jailbreak for ATV3, anyone saying otherwise is probably lying to you. This might be why... https://lavabit.com/ You can't put in a chrome error report (The page will crash) I would assume the same will happen if you try to enter it in an Apple crash report. Who in their right mind would do something like this? Even the most technologically illiterate person I know understands how their Apple ID/Google Account works and that their purchases are tied to it. As for forgetting one's password, this is why just about every login form on the internet has a "Forgot Password" link/button. This is NOT the norm. "This is not a money-changing-hands kind of deal," - John Lagerling, director of Android global partnerships - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-23926938 Have you ever tried TestFlight for iOS testing/dev? I'm not saying the Apple process is perfect (I agree it sucks) but TestFlight makes getting test builds out much easier. > the wonderful people in the Wilson School IT department, who have saved my life multiple times, aren’t set up to deal with Apple products. I would argue that not only do you have full access to the Apple Store geniuses but if you happen to not have a Apple Store near you there will be Apple certified repair people you can use. Also I would guess that you would not have to get your mac repaired anywhere near as often as you do your windows machine. They give you $50 worth of credit when you sign up. Have you tested this on an ipad 2/iPad mini (As display)? I am not posting this to say it doesn't work but It is very choppy/almost-unusable even on the lowest quality. I can run quality and size at 2/3 from iPhone -> computer but it's still a little jittery. That said I am using an iPhone 4S so that might have something to do with it. As a whole the idea is awesome, the app is beautiful, and setup is a breeze! Great job! I can understand the usefulness of things like Krumo[1] for PHP but I am struggling to understand the use-case for this. With a language like PHP you don't have direct manipulation abilities (without debugging using an extension) so it makes sense that you need to format the data before you send it to the client but with JS you have the ability to inspect the JS directly. Also I think JSON (with spaces/indentions/linebreaks) is extremely readable (Especially with things like PrettyPrint[2] installed). Where do you see this being used? [1] http://krumo.sourceforge.net/ [2] https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/prettyprint/nipdlg... I've been playing around with Docker and containers a little recently and I decided to test my skills in creating a container, installing software, and packaging it up for re-use and possibly even try to do it all in a Dockerfile after I do it through just "docker run -i -t ubuntu /bin/bash/". I followed your guide but I am not able to see the Redis records. I was able to find pixel.log in /var/log/nginx and inside was what I would expect to see in Redis: 1379192937.393,test=2 1379193104.365,test=5 1379193105.308,test=7 1379193106.311,test=28 ..... At this point I went to check the syslog-ng program as I realized I never verified it was running/working. I am getting a "Error parsing source, source plugin system not found in /usr/local/etc/syslog-ng.conf at line 2, column 3:" error and after some googling I found some people suggesting[0] adding '@include "scl.conf"' to the syslog-ng config file. I tried added this and it caused another syntax error. I googled for a while longer to no avail. I know HN isn't really the forum for tech support but I couldn't find a better place to post it other than over email (My email is in my profile if you prefer that). If you have any pointers please let me know. Thank you for any help you may be able to provide. [0] http://comments.gmane.org/gmane.comp.syslog-ng/15325 Yes, I patched it. I think the issue is with syslog-ng as it is complaining about the configuration file. Nginx is working fine (and patched). This is the most important comment, the title is slightly misleading > "As a note, we’ll of course continue to measure traffic from IE8 browsers to your website." I read the URL and after hitting #20 I was like "Where are the other 5?". It took me a while to notice the title of the post said "20" so I assume they created a page with 25 then removed 5 and forgot to update the URL. Tell me about it, even in 10 I find the dev tools extremely lacking and slow. Agreed, I really like AngularJS and Firebase and I am using them together for a client but AngularFire isn't perfect and you're correct, the documentation could be much better. > AngularFire is not really mature yet, too. I am running into this issue as well, I kind of wish I had written my own firebase service instead of using theirs because (Especially in the 0.2 release) I was seeing the app re-draw a ton of times due to the way that angularFire was loading the data. That and a bunch of little inconsistencies, like when creating an angularFireCollection you can optionally pass in a callback as the second parameter that returns your data, great if you want to assign it all at once instead of each "child_added" being fired but the object it returns is the same as is returned from a ref.once() call (As can be seen in the code for angularFireCollection) and for that not only do you need to call .val() on what is passed in to get the value but it is not an angularFireCollection, it is just Firebase data and so it rather useless as the binding does not work and you can't call the angularFireCollection methods on the returned data (like .add()). Please don't get me wrong, AngularJS is awesome and Firebase is really cool but there is learning curve and as you said angularFire isn't really mature yet. That said I am very impressed with the work being done on angularFire (and speed) so hopefully it will shape up nicely. Couldn't agree more, I have run into the same things it appears you have and come to similar conclusions. That was what was hardest for me when getting started, there are a billion examples of how to write a chat app, a todo list, etc but none of the examples I came across had, as you call it the "meat of how to build and Angular app with Firebase". I felt like most of what I was seeing was gimmicky and had no real use (on it's own). Yes, I too ran into this problem and found the answer in the github issue tracker[0]. I ran into other issues in the 0.2.0->0.3.0 change where they made quite a few small changes without releasing any upgrade instructions or changelog. [0] https://github.com/firebase/angularFire/issues/105 This is nitpicky for sure but angularFire doesn't play nice with AngularJS 1.2's breaking out some modules (Route, Sanitize, Cookies, and 1-2 more) into separate JS files. I had to comment out all the $route stuff in angularFire so that I could get them to work together. Thankfully I am not using fireBase with my $route's so I am unaffected. Also, I'm sure some of you might point out 1.2 is still in an RC state but I needed ngAnimate and didn't want to have to re-write a bunch of code a few weeks from now when it releases it's final version. IIRC I think I saw someone else saying that each fingerprint hash was hashed with a key specific to each phone so that if you were able to extract the fingerprint hash it would be unusable on the target's other devices. I cannot find the source for this so please take this with a large grain of salt. First off I want to say I agree with most of the people here that Touch ID was not meant to be in breakable but rather an easy to use system that vastly improved users security over 4 digit PINs or no PIN. That said, hypothetically, let's say I get arrested and the police take my phone. My phone has my fingerprints all over it. What is to stop them, legally, from using my prints on the phone to unlock my device? I say this not to spark an argument but as a real question, I bought an iPhone 5S and I really am interested to know if any law would protect my phone if it was taken in such a situation? Did you read the rest of the post? He goes on to say you can do that. In fact the entire message of the post is that entering into the container and running commands and then committing at end is more efficient (In the terms of numbers of layers and disk space, at the cost of what else I don't know yet) than using a Dockerfile and 'docker build'. From Rawgithub.com's website > Use this for testing and for sharing demo code with friends, but don't use it for anything production-related. It's slow, it might break from time to time, and it's intended as a convenience for development, not free static hosting. Rawgithub is nice to test something out on but probably not going to hold out against HN traffic. I did get it working with a different link you posted and it looks very cool. Nowadays yes, but most POS systems I have seen almost look like they have inserts in them and are a covered in buttons every color of the rainbow. The trend is defiantly to move to touch but its not free and that industry moves very slow. Well the security concerns are VERY valid, in theory after getting your permission to access the clipboard I could poll it every X milliseconds and fire off whatever I get to a third-party service. If you look at Flash's implementation for getting data from the clipboard[0] you can see they mention all sorts of limitations like "Because of security restrictions on accessing clipboard data, this example does not work in Flash Player. In Flash Player, you can only call the getData() method of the Clipboard object in a paste event handler.". I can see there being support possibly for setting the clipboard via JS but I'm struggling to find a good reason to want to get the clipboard data? Why not have the user just paste it in a textbox and listen for on change or something like that? [0] http://help.adobe.com/en_US/FlashPlatform/reference/actionsc... Correct me if I'm wrong but I was under the impression Twitter only supported oauth nowadays with password auth being phased out a few years ago. This is a neat idea but the fee (3%) is disappointing (but expected). It reminds me a little bit of how Simple is doing "savings". If you haven't heard of Simple[0] it's a new-ish bank (build on Bancorp) that has awesome customer service and some really useful tools to help you save. If anyone wants an invite send me an email (In my bio) with your email address so I can send you one. [0] https://simple.com While no doubt an interesting article what is the purpose of submitting it? I thought that as well when I first read what they posted. Of course even with the NSA revelations I would have expected them to delete the data right away so maybe I am just reading too much into it. I'm confused, 3 comments above this you say he is proving their point because the majority of people can't break the DRM but instead get a version that has already had the DRM removed. "Their point" to reiterate was "Realistically, DRM keeps the majority of users from pirating content". Yet then right here you say "I don't believe that anyone thinks DRM effectively protects content, even the companies employing it." Which is the exact opposite of the point they are making.... I thought the wiki article was a good read and (as almost always when I read wikipedia) I learned some things I didn't know before. I was just confused at to to it's presence on the home page. Thank you for clearing that up. I was not aware of this, thank you for informing me. Do you know if this is like Facebook+Spotify (and only a couple other FB apps that can use password) or is it much wider-spread in the Twitter ecosystem? Yes, it is wrong as many commenters on the site also point out. He could have multiple backups of his wallet file and spending the bitcoins out of one of his backups would invalidate the coins in the wallet the FBI has. My knowledge of bitcoin, while probably better than your average guy on the street, is certainly not infallible. Thank you for correcting my mistake. Lets also not forget the people that rent. As a renter I cannot make changes to the house without approval from the landlord. I can, however, replace the smoke detector and leave the one that came with the house in a drawer until I move out. The statement "A smoke alarm in or near the kitchen is incorrectly placed if it is producing frequent false alarms" may very well be true but it doesn't matter. People have and will continue to disable their smoke/CO detectors if they are annoying. The ability to simply wave at the detector to get it to shut off (Like after burning your toast) means that people will simply wave to shut off the alarm instead of disabling it. Even with what I know about fire death statistics, best practices, and what not I have disabled fire detectors before for any/all of the following reasons: * Low battery alarm * Going off at just a whiff of smoke * Randomly making noises even after replacing the battery Now you can say that it was incredibly stupid of me to disable them, and it probably was, but that doesn't change the fact that people's first instinct is just to disable it. Not true, you can call the fire department. I think this comment should be much higher. I agree, this isn't just a fancy smoke/CO detector just like the Nest isn't just a thermostat with an iPhone app. It's a thermostat that will save you money by automatically adjusting to heat/cool your house as needed. This is not just a smoke/CO detector but rather a way to network all your detectors together, have them tell you (Actually talk to you) where the fire is, easy dismiss ability, night light, remote monitoring, and more. I would agree with that statement. I just run multiple accounts (One for tech, one just for laughs, etc). I did this before the changes where you can have multiple front pages or streams (I'll admit I haven't played with them much) but I still like my approach as I like the separation. I have no problem paying for quality software and I have paid for many apps from the OS X App Store but I find it highly misleading when your launch page uses the word "Download" when it really means "Buy". I've seen this tactic used on quite a few OS X/iOS apps posted it HN. No mention of price anywhere on the page and all wording is careful to say "download", "go get", "click here for X app". I don't appreciate being, at the least, kept in the dark and, at the worst, being subject to a dark pattern designed to hook me on the idea of something before showing me the price. Before I look hard into any *aaS, app, etc I look at the pricing so I don't fall in love with something that is unreasonably priced, out of my price range, or just not in line with what my needs are. I don't like having to click through to the iTunes page to see the price because your page was specifically designed to hide it from me. Does anyone else share this sentiment? That's exactly what I was thinking when I saw it. I know I have seen it in swf/gif form in the past. While I don't dispute HTML5's canvas(+js) is very cool I was hoping for something straining the limits or doing something new. I was going to say something along the lines of "...rather than seeing an old idea/concept rehashed in canvas+js" but then I realized that could include people doing things like getting old games (Quake/Doom) running in the browser with canvas+js. The counterpoint would be that this idea could be implemented in gif form (While it would lose the ability to toggle your direction/speed) whereas I don't think anyone would enjoy gifQuake/gifDoom :). TL;DR - It would appear I'm jaded when it comes to things like this. And that's probably not a good thing. Thank you very much for taking the time to respond and for updating your launch page. Even though I normally use Transmit for connecting to S3 I just bought your app. I will probably continue to use Transmit (I haven't fully played with Buckets yet) but I am a strong believer in putting your money where your mouth is and I want to show my support for your decision to update your launch page. This post reminds me of this one: http://www.90percentofeverything.com/2013/07/23/the-slippery... Where they talk about how hard it is to disable iOS ad tracking. Second level (Settings -> Privacy -> Advertising) but I agree it is better than where it was before. Please note that I was neither advocating for or against this post or the one I linked. I just wanted to add a similar link to the discussion. Thank you though for letting me know the location has changed, I was not aware. Oh I agree, I think that it's all a mess and that iOS has one of the better (if not best, I am not familiar enough with the other platforms to comment about their ad tracking settings) interfaces to manage your ad-related privacy. As I mentioned in my reply to the other comment I was neither advocating for or against this post or the one I linked. It was just the first thing that came to mind when I saw this post. What about the quote from the article: > I'll tell you more guys. I've updated to windows 8.1 on my tablet a month ago through MSND subscription and Google search worked just fine. Looks like this problem appeared after public availability of Windows 8.1. So I believe it's something that Google or Microsoft should figure out. How could they have tested as they were not on the list until, what appears to be, the public release? I just recently had to replace my external hard drive I use for TM backups and whenever it would start to backup it would bring the computer to a grinding halt (2013? MBPr, it's from work). I ended up disconnecting it and taking it home on the weekend to do the initial backup. This is a really cool hack but I would never hand over my email creds to someone like LinkedIn after their history with emails. They might decide one day to "help" you by inviting everyone you have emailed or has emailed you or they could start added a "Connect With Josh" link to the bottom of my outgoing emails that links to my LinkedIn. Again, VERY cool how they did it but it requires quite a bit trust in a company that I don't find very trustworthy. You say that now but wouldn't you much rather pay a fraction of the cost of a car to own "part" of a car in a car-sharing program similar to NetJets? > You never know who is at the other end. In my case, I just felt it was inappropriate. But I could have been an insecure teenager and this comment could have hurt a lot. What is inappropriate about Jason's comment? I understand where you are coming from but when you get on the road you put your fate in not only your own hands but the hands of the drivers around you as well. You have to remember that while you might be an amazing driver with a perfect record there are plenty of other drivers out there that aren't and when it comes down to it they are a bigger threat to you than you are to yourself (provided you are not under the influences or otherwise incapacitated). It looks like he submitted the link to HN so I would assume that is the case. Could you please explain your comment a little more? I'm honestly curious to know why you think the concept of abstracting technology into easy to use components is in conflict with the "hacker news" ethos. I'm in the same boat, I've considered looking for a Chrome extension to kill all scripts that do this. I've used text selection to mark my place for longer than I can remember and all the popups are starting to get extremely annoying. I fear that I am in the minority when it comes to this though... My google-fu (or maybe just my patience) doesn't seem to be good enough to find it but does anyone know where one might find a list of all incidents of this type? As in all airport shootings? This is very interesting to me, I live in KY and we have our own exchange. Do to not having all my data (my fault not theirs) on hand the process of submitting an application has spanned a few days and their interface is really bad. I'd like to play with raw data and throw something together to allow for quick and easy searching. Who did you contact in CA for the data? I'd like to find the KY equivalent and reach out. Thanks and great job on the site! Thank you for this, too often people change their minds (or have their statements disproved) and don't say anything. Thank you for taking the time to "set the record straight" as it were. I also received an email about this: https://www.dropbox.com/s/40aqdk5hjdm0i4y/Screenshot%202013-... While I'm not a huge fan of people spamming email address they grabbed from Github (Yes I know I can hide my email) I have been contacted because of my GitHub account (because of activity/repos/etc) in the past and had no problem with it. I just don't like mindless spamming which this appears to be. That said where do you draw the line (and do you think this email crosses said line)? (I'm genuinely curious) This reminds me of a comment I made a week or two ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6540827 I made a similar comment about hiding the price on your launch page and got a response from the creator who was very helpful. It doesn't actually unlock your machine. If you lock your computer it will not work. What it does is put up a page that looks nearly identical to the login page with small changes. It's a cool app (I tried it) but I'm disappointed that I can't find a way to toggle the lock via Alfred/Keyboard shortcut. I can get in the habit of hitting a key combination/alfred command when I get up but having to click the icon in the menu bar will get annoying. It does but most of the implementations I have tried (Including multiple PAID ones in the app store) don't work well at all. I would settle for locking when I walk away then tap to unlock when I get back. Agreed, I went back and re-read it because at the end I still had the question of "Why is LiveNinja better than Helpouts" or "What is Helpouts doing wrong". I'm not weighing in on either side I just would like to know what he doesn't like about Helpouts. I'm not sure I understand what you are saying or maybe you didn't understand me. I am saying the it doesn't use the built-in locking mechanism but instead it's own "screen lock" that looks similar. I completely agree, I'm actually really annoyed because I paid $4 for something that I wouldn't have paid $0.99 for if I knew this is what they were doing. Now $4 isn't going to break the bank but still I thinks it's misleading not to point that out. Please provide some proof. My tests using the built in lock hotkeys and trying to unlock with my phone say otherwise.... Thank you for this! See this comment: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6676816 I just tried this and yes I see the Knock login screen. There is a possibility that I am wrong but I have seen apps that do this sort of thing before and they can't lock using the system lock because there is no way for an app to unlock the system lock. I would guess that Knock just hooks that hotkey combo and shows their screen (Which again, is just a fullscreen app at it's core). I have never locked using that hotkey combo before so I'm not sure. I always use Alfred to lock. I'm not 100% sure but all signs point to this being the case. I have used multiple Bluetooth unlock proximity apps in the past and they all do the same thing. They throw up their own lockscreens in place of the real one. I am fairly certain that, as mentioned in this same comment "family", that this lockscreen is less secure than the system lockscreen. There was speculation that this might not engage all the security mechanisms like disk encryption. If I were one of the developers of this app I would be first in line to tell my visitors/customers that my product didn't compromise at all on security. Unfortunately, I don't recall any such claim on their site (if I'm wrong please let me know, I'm on my phone). Ok but to agree with that argument is to agree that the NSA and organizations like it are necessary. I'm still waiting for the proof that they are. Everything I see points to them compromising countless people's privacy and having nothing to show for it. I understand the line "By the nature of what they do, their successes are never clear." but I would think that will all of the bad "publicity" the NSA is receiving they would at least pull one example out where they prevented an attack. They have only release vague numbers on the number of incidents prevented and when put under a microscope they weren't a very big part of the plots they claimed to have foiled. I understand the "international disadvantage" but I don't think we can allow everything the NSA does with "Everyone else is doing it" defence. I can confirm this link is working for those in the US. The link acallaghan posted is working from outside the UK -> http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-24848186 I'm using rc3 in production right now so I'm looking forward to testing this out upgrading. Hmm, that is interesting. I still would like an addressing some of the other very valid concerns here that certain safeguards might not be engaged but if this is true then this is really cool. From elsewhere in this thread there are people saying it doesn't work with certain full-disk encryption setups but that's to be expected I guess. I have it installed, if not always running, and it is a cool app and from what they have said they have planned I will be following it. Thanks for the update! Are there any API's out there currently that allow you to issue a debit card refund like this? After some googling I found this: http://www.fuzenetwork.com/contact-us/ linked to from here https://github.com/balanced/balanced-api/issues/32 I tried to use their contact form but was redirected to what looks like a version of their site that isn't supposed (or expected) to be public yet. From there I find a link to this page: http://info.fuzenetwork.com/developer-center-fuze-network and I was able to submit the form. Edit: I received an email after signing up but it seemed a little half-baked. I would guess that they are still working on their product and aren't ready to launch just yet. Actually he does ---- Both of these second opinions gave the option of blood splatter from another person. Assuming that this is spray from another victim, then there should be droplets all over her face. I count seven possible drops on her forehead, one on her nose, and no others. Searches on Google Images for "arterial spray" and "blood spray" turn up a lot of disturbing photos. But all the photos have something in common: lots of droplets. If her face got splattered, then she should have droplets all over her face. I would have also expected her clothing to have visible droplets. ---- "If patriotism were defined, not as blind obedience to government, not as submissive worship to flags and anthems, but rather as love of one's country, one's fellow citizens (all over the world), as loyalty to the principles of justice and democracy, then patriotism would require us to disobey our government, when it violated those principles." Howard Zinn This was first submitted about 30 min ago and then was flagged to death after reaching the front page and ultimately the number 1 spot on HN: https://www.dropbox.com/s/brz84r1vs05mvk3/2013-11-23%2008.21... Thank you mmariani for re-submitting. Link to original: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6785795 Link: http://www.tripstamp.com Well you were correct (not that I didn't think it would happen) this post made it into the top 10 or so on the front page before it was flagged off, not dead yet but it probably won't be much longer. Edit: I might have spoke too soon, it's back on the front page at position 6 now - https://www.dropbox.com/s/hf81jlkysrm7kql/2013-11-23%2008.58... "Lunacy in the name of religion" Umm... That's par for the course.... IIRC that would all be CPU-based which is considered obsolete in the BTC mining world. GPU's are on their way out as well I think with ASIC's taking their place. I was pretty sure that if its comming from a different domain that this is not the case. For example: If we have legitsite.com/json-only-with-sensitive-data.js and we load that by adding a script tag to attackersite.com then attackersite.com cannot get the contents of what the legit site returned. The problem is when you either have JSONP (for which the attacker site could add a callback in the request to execute) or if you return js code that is supposed to run like in this blog post where RoR returns code like this: $('#someid').html('sensitive data'); ... In this case it's just as bad as having JSONP because the attacker site can create a then add the script tag then onLoad of the script tag inspect the contents of the div. That or the part where when he first calls his friend and says "We will be there in 10 days" and his friend says "10 days! really? I was expecting you here in 5 days" I'm not seeing any proof there that he is a plant. Just some people speculating. Yes, because the government would NEVER plant agents in various online forums to further their own agenda..... /s While I would guess this is probably not the case here I would caution against making it seem so ludacris.... I'm interested to know what you think he could have released that would have allowed him, as you imply, to stay in the "good graces" of the NSA/USA yet provided enough information to the US public that would not have been written off as a crazy person? I attended college for 3 years at which point I dropped[0] out to work full time at the web dev company I was working part time at. I will be starting my 3rd job (In the tech field, I left college for my second tech job) on January 2nd. I have people constantly telling me I should get my degree (Older friends/family) and the ones who don't bug me about it often say things like "But he will eventually...". That said I have not yet had it hold me back in the tech field as all of the places I have talked to care more that I can do what they need than if I have a piece of paper. About a year and half after dropping out I have ZERO regrets, I am now seeing my peers who stayed in school complain about not being able to find jobs (on FB and the like) while I have had no problems at all finding a places that will hire me. The thing to remember is to never stop learning. Some of my peers (both in school and at where I work) see finishing college as the end of having to learn where it couldn't be further from the truth. [0] http://joshstrange.com/why-i-canceled-my-college-subscriptio... Ok, in that case can you expand on what should have been kept back? This is very interesting. I recently setup autoscaling(spot)+SQS where the scaling was based on the queue length. I was able to set it up completely through AWS's web GUI and have been considering writing a blog article on how to do something similar. Is this something anyone would be interested in? Well anyone worth their salt should have known something like Snowden would happen eventually. Even if they didn't it would be smart to start infiltrating communities that they thought they might want "cred" in later. IIRC you have to have the phone in question registered as a developer phone to do that. There are sites that will add your phone to their dev account for ~$10 (vs the $100/yr dev program) but it's just a barrier to entry that's a little too high for the average person. Whereas 5 minutes with a one click jailbreak tool + Cydia can make the process much easier and you get app updates (it's been a while since I did iOS work and as I was leaving the scene things like test flight were making it even easier to distribute dev/test/beta copies of an app and even offer a way to update them so my last comment might be out of date). Are there any other sources that he was a user other than her? I'm not trying to pull out my tin foil hat but if I had gone to all the trouble to fake an OD I'd pay the GF off (and/or threaten) as well to say he had done it before. No, I have never been to one before. I was just asking a question, sorry if it was a stupid one. After Everpix shutdown I looked around and found both Loom and Trovebox but I also found PictureLife. I tried both Loom and Picture life for a little over a month and settled on PictureLife. Check it out, I am very happy with it. I believe what they mean is 3rd-party apps have the same access to the phone that our (Google's) apps do. The core apps aren't getting special treatment, Google is just deciding to update them more often than some of the 3rd-party apps out there. And works VERY well, I started using the Chromecast over my AppleTV with Plex and I quite like it. PlexConnect is nice and I still use it on the upstairs TV but I feel like I'm having to restart PlexConnect once a week because it crashes or something goes wrong and the Chromecast just works. That said PlexConnect is awesome and you should check it out if you have an AppleTV (No jailbreak required). He did a few days ago[0] but it didn't get very much attention unfortunately. I only saw it because I spent way too much time on HN that day. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7171978 See jader201's comment: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7192705 That said there is no easy answer for widgets. > You just have to follow the law -- it's a pretty simple concept Is this sarcasm? I think they have to use a short-url or it gets re-written. He might be able to ajax in a page on from site (using the short-url to get it so it's not re-written) that contains the real URL as I doubt they are injecting something to re-write what is added vis JS. [0] > This won't work as it seems they're replacing any mention of "altexplorer" with "4coin" [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7240554 Did you read the article? > Despite its name, UltimEyes has little to do with improving the physical eye or eye muscles. Rather, the app works by exploiting recent insights into when and how the adult brain can be fundamentally rewired—a concept known as neuroplasticity. Microsoft = Horse and Buggy company Windows = Windows Google = Railroad company Chromebooks = Trains He is saying Microsoft is trying to complete with something that is leaps and bounds better than what they have to sell. I'm not saying I agree with the that statement but that is what he is saying. Sorry, I didn't mention those and that was what you specifically asked about. He is saying why use a computer (Chromebook) when a slide rule (Windows) is on sale (sale referring to MS slashing licensing costs 70%). Another way to put his analogy is you (All other things being normal) wouldn't choose to take a train over an airplane just because the train is cheaper (I have no clue to going cost for train vs air travel but bear with me). Even though the train is cheaper it will also take a much longer time to get to where you are going so the money you saved can be counted as lost due to the extra time it took. Here Windows is the train and Chromebooks are the planes, again I am not saying I agree just trying to help explain the point of view. Yeah, neither did I, I just assumed it was just a rule no one followed.... As you can see I was wrong. I'm just glad I finally tracked down the issue before it drove me crazy. Thanks! I'll have to check that out. Yes, I don't go into detail in the blog but I link to the AWS Blog where they explain how to do just that. I didn't know about the health checks that's quite nice! Yes, unfortunately I had to choose between the two. I like CloudFlare a lot but without that I was unable to stay. I'm fairly certain that is fine, it's not "on the root" because it's *.root.com not root.com, you have an A record on the root which is expected and correct. Yes, Heroku was another "culprit" of this kind of behavior that I would guess many people fall prey to. The worst part of it is how you will get some/most emails and some will just fall through the cracks. Unless you have a case like mine where you know an email should be coming and it's not then you can easily not know this is happening and be dropping emails. Yeah if I was running a server I would have done that in a heartbeat but I was using S3 so I was a little more limited. Right but you have to pay extra for Windows instances. I think shuzchen is saying you can't install windows yourself at the linux box prices (EC2) whereas with a dedicated box can run whatever you want. Can you explain your reasoning behind > Hollywood studios (should) make their money in cinemas I'd be just as happy if all movies went straight to streaming, I'd even be ok with higher prices closer to the release if they did drop down to reasonable levels after a period of time. I personally have grown to hate going to the theater, I find it much more enjoyable to watch movies in the comfort of my home without people talking, babies crying, and teenage girls on their cell phones the whole time. Not to mention I refuse to pay for concessions which are extremely over priced. Same here, after reading that article a while back I've been working on way to sit like that while still being able to see my monitors well. Please post to HN your setup when you get it done as I am be very interested in how you would pull it off. Thanks! That link doesn't seem to work for me, Google's cache is also not returning anything. Thank you. Ahh, thank you for that! I've never used it but it looks like it might be what you are looking for: https://github.com/kandanapp/kandan No, it appears this is only talking about the FISA court orders >> “All 702 collection is pursuant to court directives, so they have to know,” De reiterated to the Guardian. So, yes, companies knew they were being served with FISA warrants (that they complied with) but AFAICT they were unaware that the NSA was tapping their data lines like the example where they tapped data lines between Google's (and others) data centers. [1] [1] http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/nsa-in... Let's remember that this was the first time he used the ATM, it would appear that future interaction would only take the time to send the BTC to the robocoin wallet and wait for the confirmation (~10 min for the required 1 confirmation). 10 minutes is pretty quick IMO to convert BTC to cash, the only faster method would be using Local Bitcoins (which are the people running the ATM in this post) but that assumes you could organize, agree on a price, and meet up with another person in less than 10 minutes which I know from experience is pipe dream. > The fact that this device wanted to establish and verify my identity seemed unnecessary to me and counter to what I think are bitcoin's strongest qualities. They don't collect that data because they want to, they collect it because they are forced to by the US government. This is a similar process that you would have to go through to open a bank account at any US bank. You make it seem like "It took over 45 minutes" but this was your first withdraw, subsequent withdraws would only require the ~10 minutes to confirm your deposit of BTC into the robocoin wallet. 10 minutes to (reliably) convert BTC to cash is unheard of. As I said in another comment, the only faster method would be to use Local Bitcoins (The people running the ATM you used) but I doubt you could finish one of those transactions in less than 20 or even 30 minutes. I am very disappointed with my pre-order, I bought mine mid-February when they were estimating by the end of the month and then (without even an email) they changed my order to "backorder" status and changed the delivery dates to be 6-8 weeks. My card hasn't been charged yet and I could cancel but I've been looking forward to getting one for quite some time so I probably wont. Same here, I am not happy with the way they changed the delivery dates after I ordered or how they changed the status of my order to "backordered" without notifying me at all. Source: http://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/ie/forum/ie7_6-windows_ot... This is good news, I recently had to migrate off of CloudFlare because of issues with CNAME records on my root[0]. I might switch back as my site is static and could benefit from being behind CF. [0] http://joshstrange.com/why-its-a-bad-idea-to-put-a-cname-rec... HN discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7293512 CF CEO commenting about CNAME flattening 28 days ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7295215 Good point, it's not like members of the LGBT community have ever been beaten and killed for being LGBT.... Oh wait... Yes he didn't donate (directly) to a group that goes around beating and killing homosexuals but it's disingenuous to pretend they (KKK and homophobics) don't have plenty in common. First of which being hate. Well Debate.org seems to agree with what I think you are trying to say which is "being against gay marriage does not make you a homophobe"[0], of course Slate would disagree with you [1], and The Atlantic would agree with you [2]. I could go on but I won't, I'll just tell you what I think: yes, It does. And yes, he was a homophobe, by giving to a group of people trying to destroy human rights for homosexuals. I think people can change but the complete lack of response on that specific issue from Brendan Eich makes me assume he still is. [0] http://www.debate.org/opinions/does-opposing-same-sex-marria... [1] http://www.slate.com/blogs/outward/2013/12/16/gay_marriage_o... [2] http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2013/12/being-ag... > (does not even matter if you still believe in what you said in the past or not... I did not saw anyone asking Eich) Full stop. He had ample opportunity to speak out but he didn't. When someone says "I believe X" I assume that that person believes X until they either say "I don't believe X" or "I believe in Y" where Y is the opposite/different viewpoint on the same issue. Eich has made no such statement therefore I can only assume he is still anti-marriage equality, a homophobe, and not the right choice as the CEO of Mozilla. Yes, you have free speech but just as codeoclock (and countless other HN'ers) said, you have to deal with the consequences. What you are proposing is a world where we can say whatever we want but never be held to what we say. I, for one, do not want to live in a world like that. I have said things in the past that I later changed my stance on and I have made every effort to make my change of view just as public as the original statement was. Sometimes this means talking to an individual or a small group and sometimes it means posting it to twitter. I believe that if Eich had come out and said that his previous stance on marriage equality was wrong and he has since changed his view that this would not have ended the same way. Instead in both his blog posts [0][1] after this whole thing broke he drones on about how he will treat everyone fairly and how his personal beliefs will not affect his performance as CEO but he cleverly dances around the fact that he feels that homosexuals do not deserve the same rights as heterosexuals. [0] https://brendaneich.com/2014/03/inclusiveness-at-mozilla/ [1] https://brendaneich.com/2014/04/the-next-mission/ > He just couldn't accept a definition of marriage which includes same sex couples. Then he took it a step further and donated to group that was working to destroy human rights for homosexuals. > He didn't tried or even thought to split any gay couple apart. You're right, he didn't try to split a gay couple apart, he just sought to dissolve their marriage... This is a ridiculous question, of course not. Please don't try to act like pro/anti gay marriage are equally ethical positions, they aren't. I for one am extremely happy that we have an "army" of people ready to defend an oppressed group of people. Also this is not the "though police" he donated to a group working to destroy human rights for homosexuals. If we were talking about a CEO that was racist and had donated to the KKK would you still rush to call foul when they were forced to step down by popular opinion? I agree with most everything you said but I don't believe past actions lock you into a future course. He could have come out and said his views on marriage equality had changed but he didn't and so we have to assume they haven't. Had he said his past donation was a mistake and his opinion on the matter had now changed I doubt we would have seen the same backlash. Not the OP but I think I might be able to help. >> I think you're claiming that CAs can present your certs to random clients? This might be an indictment against the DNS system, which directs the clients to an IP address of its choosing, but if the client makes it to your server, your server chooses which cert to present to the client. Here I am fairly confident that he is talking about a situation in which a CA signs a key for your domain and gives it to someone else (NSA/GCHQ) and they preform a MITM attack on a user like this: Client -> Fake key for yourdomain.com provided by MITM proxy server -> decrypt data then encrypt with real key for yourdomain.com -> Your Server CA's have been compromised before [0] (and I'd be willing to bet there are quite a few more incidents that they have swept under the rug) and so there has been discussion on what happens when you can sign a certificate for any domain. I believe this is what the OP is referencing. >> Again with the strained analogy. Who's the dog? What does the mega lock represent? I agree with you, this one is harder to understand. As I see it the mega lock = CA's private keys, dog = CA's. When he talks about the dog being tempted by a steak he is referencing the rumors that the NSA/GCHQ have back room agreements (steak) with CA's or have simply hacked the CA's and taken what they needed (for this I would say something like "the dog was asleep"). >> No, it doesn't mean what it did yesterday because of a bug in an implementation of OpenSSL. The protocol is still just as valid. The business conditions of the gatekeepers, while distasteful to you, doesn't invalidate the mechanisms by which that little green padlock gained its fame. This is less cut and dry than you suggest. The green padlock has always meant jack-shit when it comes to state actors (if you subscribe to the theory that they have either bought off one or more CA's or hacked them, which I do), what it did protect you from was your run-of-the-mill online criminal. It made it impossible for them to sniff your login credentials a la Firesheep[1] (Yes the padlock itself didn't do that, the PKI did but it gave people a simple way to check if the connection was secure and the website was who it said it was). What the heartbleed bug did was allow ANYONE to potentially steal your private key right off your server, opening the door to not only NSA/GCHQ but anyone with an internet connection (and the knowledge to exploit it). The OP is suggesting that CA's should have revoked certificates to force people to fix their servers but they never would due to the backlash. CA's have the ability to revoke certificates that are compromised and we have to assume every certificate has been. I don't know what the right course should be but one that spring to mind iss giving everyone a deadline at which point all certificates will be revoked and refuse to re-issue a certificate to a url that is still vulnerable to heartbleed. YES, this is extremely and no it's neither simple nor easy but I think there are very good reasons for why it should be done. The thing is, at least IMO, that CA's really don't give a shit, like the OP suggests they care about one thing and one thing only: their investors. If they really did care about making the web a safer and more secure place then why aren't they sponsoring OpenSSL or working on their own open source SSL library? [0] http://crypto.stackexchange.com/a/11765 [1] http://codebutler.com/firesheep/ Correct, they cannot give but they can sign a new key for your domain which the attacker can use. Maybe something like this [0] is more what you are looking for? Or an open source tool [1] to make presentations from markdown, you will have to write your own css though. [0] http://marked2app.com/ [1] https://github.com/gnab/remark And sell our data to the NSA while they're at it? >> advise on security matters and help keep the NSA out of my files What about her past makes you think she would have this position? I'd argue if the options are "Help protect your data from the NSA" or "Hand over your data to the NSA" that she would be much more in favor of giving your data to the NSA. I agree and I'd argue that voting with your wallet is just about the only form of voting politicians listen to as well... Rice authorized National Security Agency to spy on UN Security Council in run-up to war, former officials say [0] >> Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice defended Bush's actions, telling "Fox News Sunday" the president had authorized the National Security Agency "to collect information on a limited number of people with connections to al Qaeda." >> ... >> Asked why the president authorized skipping the FISA court, Rice said the war on terrorism was a "different type of war" that gives the commander in chief "additional authorities." [1] >> Wolf Blitzer Interview with Condoleezza Rice on Domestic Wiretap Controversy [2] [0] http://rawstory.com/news/2005/After_domestic_spying_reports_... [1] http://www.cnn.com/2005/POLITICS/12/18/bush.nsa/ [2] http://transcripts.cnn.com/TRANSCRIPTS/0512/26/sitroom.03.ht... >> Because by joining the board she has a fiduciary duty to protect the interests of the company And when serving as Secretary of State she had a responsibility to the American people but we see how well that worked out... So it's fine for someone to have no morals as long as they are good at their job? >> There is no evidence whatsoever that Rice currently has a sinister agenda that goes against anything or anyone. Except her actions??? "Yes sir, I know we hired a mass murderer but damn does he get results!" Ability to produce "results" ! > morals (at least in my book and I am well aware that is not the same book that stockholders want you to use) Similar to the large group of bankers responsible for the housing crash in 2008.... "Well it's a BIG group and it would be REALLY hard to go after all of them so lets just fine them and parade that around as win while the criminals responsible go free" Exactly, no one is saying "If you are a Republican you shouldn't be on the DB board" they are saying "If you support warrantless wiretapping and were an accomplice in lying to the American public in order to start a war then you shouldn't be on the DB board". This isn't because of her political affiliation but because of what she did. To be fair aw3c2 never said they use Dropbox and while uptown's question was most certainly in respect to "Dropbox alternatives" their question is only asking about "the security and privacy of BTSync" to which aw3c2 responded. >> Attacking companies for working with leaders who happen to have a conservative political viewpoint is simply unacceptable. Yes it would be if her "viewpoint" was all that was brought into question but it's not. She assisted in lying to the American public to start a war and she has come out multiple times in support for warrantless wiretapping. This isn't about what she thinks or which political party she belongs to it's about what she DID. I really like this idea, for quite some time I've been toying with the idea of creating a way to collect and organize all news (social/online newspapers/etc) into one stream by topic so things like "Aaron Swartz", "Ukraine Conflict", "BP Oil Spill", "Heartbleed", "Goto fail bug", etc and then arrange them on a timeline. The thought being to create an order of events and maybe even support connecting articles that link together so that you can see where (and when) a story broke and watch it unfold. Possibly even couple it with a summary engine so you can get quick bullet points about one subject across multiple sources. There would have to be a way to rank a sites credibility (Maybe through voting, maybe through an algorithm, maybe a little of both) but yeah. I really like what you have here so far as it seems to be in a similar vein. >> eventually (hopefully) entirely crowdsource breaking news Yes, and almost equally important (at least IMHO) would be providing a record of what happened in the past. A way to find every piece of news surrounding an event. For example if I want to see a full outline of every Snowden related article I could pull them all up and then filter down to just news articles that were first to publish a particular story. While I am sure there are people creating pages/full websites to document this one issue I would love to have that for every event so that instead of endlessly googling for articles related to something you could just got to Grasswire (or other site). Sort of a Wikipedia for events but built from sources instead of written by people who then link to sources. >> The U.S. National Security Agency knew for at least two years about a flaw in the way that many websites send sensitive information, now dubbed the Heartbleed bug, and regularly used it to gather critical intelligence, two people familiar with the matter said. (emphasis mine) It's pretty weak IMHO but I don't really doubt it. Lol, exactly. If this was on The Intercept [0] I'd feel differently but "two people familiar with the matter" doesn't inspire much confidence. [0] https://firstlook.org/theintercept/ So what does this have over ZeptoJS [0] or jQLite [1]? Things like: // jQuery $() function function $(element) { return document.querySelectorAll(element); // Redirects the function to querySelectorAll() } Might fly in evergreen browsers [3] but not all ( [0] http://zeptojs.com/ [1] https://code.google.com/p/jqlite/ [2] http://tomdale.net/2013/05/evergreen-browsers/ >> Wastes space? In an age where we stream gigabyte movies? Do we need to remind the author that we're no longer in 1982 and that we have evolved beyond floppy disks? Clever way of leaving out just how much space it takes up (takes up 6 times the space [0][1]) also as both this author and Xiph concluded you can't really hear the difference. When we stream HD (As you put it "Gigabyte movies") we are getting a clearly superior product. I can easily see the difference between 480/720/1080 whereas I seriously doubt I can hear the difference between 16 and 24bit audio. Yes space is cheaper than it used to be but it's neither free nor unlimited, not to mention the primary way people listen to music nowadays is probably on mobile devices where space is still at a premium or they enjoy their music via a streaming service a la Spotify/Rdio/Google Music where bandwidth is at a premium (And storage factors in here as well due to either being able to store less songs locally or in cache due to larger file size). [0] http://people.xiph.org/~xiphmont/demo/neil-young.html [1] http://blog.beatunes.com/2014/04/does-24-bit-audio-matter.ht... Do you have a source for this? I was under the impression that: filesize(192kbps + 16bit) = 6*filesize(192kbps + 24bits) Also the point of both articles is that: You can't hear the difference. Look at MP3 vs WAV (or FLAC), MP3 won out (for consumers) because of it's filesize being so much smaller. Look at the compression differences: >> Uncompressed audio as stored on an audio-CD has a bit rate of 1,411.2 kbit/s,[note 2] so the bitrates 128, 160 and 192 kbit/s represent compression ratios of approximately 11:1, 9:1 and 7:1 respectively. [0] At the best quality listed here (192kbps) MP3 is 7 times smaller than it's WAV counterpart. I just don't see people paying for 6x the space for something they can't tell the difference between. If anything history has proven this not to be the case. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MP3#Bit_rate I'd like to think I'm at least somewhat intelligent but I struggled on quite a few of the questions I filled out for TurboTax. More often it was due to (what I found) odd wording rather than words I didn't understand. I had to re-read some of them upwards of 4-5 times and then for a few google to make sure I understood the question. It is an extremely frustrating process. I would suggest linking directly to the extension [0] instead of the search page also I've never heard of Codemarks before and the extension doesn't have any details on what it actually does, you might want to add that in. [0] https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/codemarks/mhajcmhk... I found SiriProxy[0] right as I was switching to iOS 7 so I was never able to get it fully working on my phone. I did set it up on my iPad (while it was still on iOS 6) just to test and it was really cool but I never use Siri on my iPad and I eventually updated to iOS 7. This is really cool but I'm not going to route all my phone traffic to a server I don't control, any plans to open source this or at least parts of it? Until then I'll just keep hoping that the SiriProxy guys can get it working on iOS 7 [1]. [0] https://github.com/plamoni/SiriProxy [1] https://github.com/plamoni/SiriProxy/issues/542 Which might be true but seems odd to bring up in the blog post. Also they say: >> Many kinds of browser security bugs , such as the recent Heartbleed vulnerability, are prevented automatically by the Rust compiler. Are they referencing reverse heartbleed here? Browsers themselves were not vulnerable to heartbleed, I don't even this they were vulnerable to reverse heartbleed. There is no way Servo would have prevented the heartbleed bug, no browser could have, I feel like that sentence has no place in this blog post. I think that would have made it better. I can believe that Rust protects you from the mistake that led to heartbleed but the statement read (to me at least) more like: "Servo protects you from that really scary thing the internet has been atwitter with for the past week whereas other browsers leave you high and dry" I know that is not what you said and probably not what you meant but it just seemed like an odd way to word IMHO. I'm seeing this after uploading my bookmarks: >> We unfortunately have not finished processing your bookmarks uploaded earlier! Please wait more, we will notify you at the specified E-mail. [0] [0] https://www.dropbox.com/s/opk0jvuvjbssc8s/Screenshot%202014-... Yeah, I just downloaded the iOS app and while I was able to guess login/signup links the login link doesn't have an option for authenticating with google (Which is what I used to sign up). I can't seem to login via your iOS app due to the fact that is in Russian and there is no option to login with google. I've used Balanced Payments before but they didn't have the $5 cap. I can confirm they now offer it but do you know when that started? My googling hasn't turned up any blog posts, currently going through all of their posts. Thanks! I looked through their blog archives but didn't see anything. Well 7 hours later and my imported bookmarks are still not done being processed. I bookmark often but I only have less that 1000 bookmarks total, I understand that they might be getting slammed with traffic ATM but I seeing how this could have been done all in JS I am a little annoyed that I can't try this out due to the delay. Banished [0], Starcraft [1], Starcraft 2 [2], SPAZ [3], FTL [4], AoE HD [5], TF2 [6], CS:Source [7], Minecraft [8], Kerbal Space Program [9], SpaceChem [10]. I'm sure there are more but that's all I can think of off the top of my head. [0] http://www.shiningrocksoftware.com/game/ [1] http://us.blizzard.com/en-us/games/sc/ [2] http://us.battle.net/sc2/en/ [3] http://minmax-games.com/SpacePiratesAndZombies/ [4] http://www.ftlgame.com/ [5] http://store.steampowered.com/app/221380/ [6] http://www.teamfortress.com/ [7] http://store.steampowered.com/app/240/ [8] https://minecraft.net/ [9] https://kerbalspaceprogram.com/ [10] http://www.spacechemthegame.com/ EDIT: Added some more I love FTL, do you have any other games like it that you would recommend? Pretty cool extension but I'm having issues scrolling back up the article after scrolling all the way to the bottom. Also it appears that I can't see the bottom of the article (Gets cut off by the bottom of page). Other than that it looks really neat and works similar to HoverZoom which I also use. When I use my scroll wheel (more specifically my magic mouse "scroll"). Agreed, it would appear that instead of heavily incentivising the positions that the private sector pays more for they raised pay across the board. >> Nobody was forcing him to write this. It is exactly what he thinks about Russia. Just because it was posted to his person page does not mean he wasn't coerced into writing/posting it. >> Github is such an open company Did we read the same blog post [0]? While I agree that we might have seen a little more from GitHub than we would have from MS/Google their response to the situation was extremely lacking IMHO. [0] https://github.com/blog/1823-results-of-the-github-investiga... >> For those of you that use the Moves app – the Moves experience will continue to operate as a standalone app, and there are no plans to change that or commingle data with Facebook. I don't believe this for one second. Glad I have my Withings Pulse now so I can drop the Moves app. >> OSF typically receives about US$2000 a year in outright donations and sells commercial software support contracts[2] and does both hourly rate and fixed price “work-for-hire” consulting as shown on the OSF web site [0] [0] http://veridicalsystems.com/blog/of-money-responsibility-and... ALSO >> In a typical year the OpenSSL project receives about US$2000 in donations. [1] https://groups.google.com/d/msg/mailing.openssl.users/-P4T62... Might have been in tweet as well but these were the only sources I could dig up ATM. Both were written by Steve Marquess. I don't disagree, I was simply providing sources for midas007's comment. I don't have an opinion (that's worth mentioning) on giving the OpenSSL people money. "This one weird trick" "Bartenders hate him" Somebody asked that on Twitter and the OP responded with: >> At least according to the presentation by a Facebook engineer that I just watched, they're still on git. [0] [0] https://twitter.com/feross/status/459335105853804544 Well I would assume that when you add a link to a note the link gets thrown into a queue and a cluster of servers pops items off that queue to fetch and store the result. Also remember FB sees each link as a different link so it can't fetch it once and share it. Pretty sure cturhan did try jffry's code and that's why he wrote this code. The $ var on the page only returns the first instance that it matches so his code doesn't work. A less efficient but shorter way is: var interval = setInterval(function(){ var links = document.querySelectorAll('#problems a'); for(var z =0; z Also he never called him stupid he simply informed him that it didn't work. I too would be interested in knowing where you found that. It has a beautiful interface and solves my #1 annoyance with google hangouts which is: "Where do I go to start one?". Every time I try to use Hangouts I invite a friend but they never get the invite or the other way around and we spend 5min getting it setup when we could have used Skype and had zero issues. Trust me I am all for getting off Skype but hangouts has neither been easy or fast to get going in my experience. You can find Github's last statement on the matter here [0]. As to the allegations they were made by Julie Ann Horvath [1] and you can find them in the following articles: Julie Ann Horvath Describes Sexism And Intimidation Behind Her GitHub Exit [2] HN [4] GitHub Engineer Quits After Alleging Gender Harassment [3] [0] https://github.com/blog/1823-results-of-the-github-investiga... [1] https://twitter.com/nrrrdcore [2] http://techcrunch.com/2014/03/15/julie-ann-horvath-describes... [3] http://valleywag.gawker.com/github-engineer-quits-after-alle... [4] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7408055 Marlin, I believe he is talking about the linked page not the HN page. If you often split the bill on anything Rent/Utilities/Drinks/etc you should check out Splitwise [0]. They have a Web/iOS/Android apps and it has been a life saver. I've used it for a little over a year now and it makes all expenses a breeze. It keeps track of who owes who what and can (when enabled) even simplify the debts so if person A owes $10 to person B and person B owes $10 to person C then Splitwise will report that person A owes person C $10. Note: I have no affiliation with Splitwise, I just love the product. [0] https://www.splitwise.com/ Sorry I just got around to this comment. Thank you for the information! It has to do with splitting the cost of shared resources, I will agree that it's not the same as the OP but I will argue that it is in the same vein and further more that people that are interested in how best to split rent might also be interested in a way to facilitate the collection and tracking of said rent. Edit: Also see Splitwise's rent calculator: https://www.splitwise.com/calculators/rent You don't have to enable "Simplify Debts" also debts are only simplified within a group of friends that you control. I have a group for my roommates (which makes it easy to just apply rent/utils to a group) who I trust to pay me back. I wouldn't join a group with a deadbeat or invite one to join one I am a part of. Unfortunately it doesn't work that way. I will say that it would be nice if you could choose to charge interest on debts not repaid after X amount of time. I don't enjoy acting like a 0% interest bank but it's better than not getting paid at all. Before I would just forget or give up trying to "collect" but now there is a ledger and I know I will eventually get paid. The cool thing about Splitwise is it makes it really easy to buy things for the group as a way to pay off debt. For example: One of my roommates was behind on their debts and so every time they had a little money they would buy some/all of the groceries on the list and then put the bill in Splitwise. In this way 2/3rds of the cost of the bill was applied to their debt and they slowly paid it off. In my experience this is a much better way to collect as they see benefit from from it as well (food) and it feels less like just having to hand over money to the lender. EDIT: As it turns out they have an API [0] so I guess I could write something that would auto-add "bills" for interest if I wanted to but my current setup works fine ATM and I feel like some of my friends would not be happy with being charged interest :). [0] http://dev.splitwise.com/ Splitwise used to have a link to Venmo but I can't find it now, they do have Paypal integration that you can use (you have to pay Paypal fees though). That said you can of course use whatever you want to exchange money and my roommates use Venmo and Simple Instant (and goods/services like groceries/utilities in their name) to pay each other. I'll have to check that one out. Thanks for the link! Edit: It appears to be for iOS only according to the website [0]. This wouldn't be an issue for my current roommates but I do have some friends on android that I use splitwise with that wouldn't be able to use this. If they ever add Android support I will be sure to check it out. [0] http://www.splittrapp.com/ Yes, and they have quite a few calculators [0] for other stuff as well: * Should you get renters insurance? [1] * The Splitwise Furniture Calculator [2] * The Splitwise Guest Calculator [3] * The Loud Sex (and other night-time noises) Calculator [4] * The Splitwise Travel Calculator [5] [0] https://www.splitwise.com/calculators [1] https://www.splitwise.com/calculators/renters [2] https://www.splitwise.com/calculators/furniture [3] https://www.splitwise.com/calculators/guest [4] https://www.splitwise.com/calculators/noise [5] https://www.splitwise.com/calculators/travel Thanks Jon! When I get some free time I might play with the API a little bit. I'm sure flat interest % for balance at the end of the month (or any other point in time) would be fairly simple but I would want to take it a step further. I would like it have a "grace period" of X months (or X time intervals) from money lend date before interest kicks in and even then you would only be charged interest on money that hadn't been paid in X time intervals not all you owe. Of course this would be much more difficult than a simple: $interestBillAmount = $amountOwed*$interestRate That ran each month. Anyways keep up the great work, I use Splitwise all the time and it's a huge time and stress saver! Ok, it's kind of like a (feature-wise) Mint + Splitwise? I think I might check it out. I will probably keep using Splitwise but if it can do everything mint can do and track iou's I might try to use it as a mint replacement then write something that can mirror my Splitwise history to Buxfer and keep using Splitwise. I was thinking along the same lines, I've used Faker [0] for PHP before and I would love to be able to have an npm module to generate test JSON like this! [0] https://github.com/fzaninotto/Faker >> I decided to write a little satire about living in communist Russia. Is that public anywhere? I'd be interested in reading and potentially passing it on to a few people I know. I posted a comment on the acquisition about how I didn't trust FB not to "commingle" the data (can't find the comment now for the life of me) and got down-voted with one of the only comments being along the lines of "Where is your proof?". I don't need proof to know that FB would do something like this eventually. I am glad I got rid of Moves when I read about the acquisition. Thankfully my Pulse has all but replaced Moves for me and I can be fairly certain Withings won't be selling to FB anytime soon. EDIT: Odd, I found it via HN Search but it's not on the comments page: https://www.dropbox.com/s/7okticb5nnl5xm0/Screenshot%202014-... I really like make and use it when it makes sense but I'm failing to see the advantages to doing something like this (other than support for make being fairly ubiquitous). To accomplish the same/similar thing with gulp in one of my projects: var gulp = require('gulp'); var less = require('gulp-less'); var concat = require('gulp-concat'); var minifyCSS = require('gulp-minify-css'); var rename = require('gulp-rename'); gulp.task('styles', function() { return gulp.src(['assets/styles/**/*.less']) .pipe(less()) .pipe(concat('app.css')) .pipe(rename({suffix: '.min'})) .pipe(minifyCSS()) .pipe(gulp.dest('www/css/')) }); The make example is really cool but I'd be lost if I needed to modify it even ever so slightly. Maybe this speaks more to my lack of experience using the sed/tr/etc but make just seems more complicated to manage. That's just my two cents. Really wish they would focus more on SHIPPING Soylent instead of redesigning their website. I am aware that these tasks are not mutually exclusive but still it's been a ridiculous length of time and often without clear/timely updates from the Soylent team. If I knew what I knew now I doubt I would have pre-ordered it. I ordered mine in May of last year, the day their crowdfunding campaign launched [0] and before then I lurked their Discourse forums [1] and even went the DIY route in June [2][3][4][5] thinking I could keep that up until the official Soylent launched (Hahahaha). I ended up ending my DIY Soylent after 3 days due to how I felt on it but that was back before the DIY community was anywhere near as strong as it is today. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5745707 [1] http://discourse.soylent.me/ [2] http://joshstrange.com/soylent-day-1/ [3] http://joshstrange.com/soylent-day-2/ [4] http://joshstrange.com/soylent-day-3/ [5] http://discourse.soylent.me/t/just-started-soylent-today/357... I am glad that it looks like they are finally shipping (I did get an email on that) but here are a few other emails I received from them: 6/6/13 - "... we're possibly more excited than you guys are for our August ship date" 6/21/13 - "We believe that we will have reached v1.0 by the end of July, giving us the beginning/middle of August to begin manufacturing and shipping" 7/22/13 - "we will not be ready to ship Soylent in August, and are pushing our ship date back to the end of September" 8/27/13 - "We plan to have every Soylent preorder shipped out by the end of the year." 11/7/13 - "Original campaign supporter (May 21 - June 25): January 2014" 1/3/14 - "RFI has assured us that the full Soylent production run will be complete and ready for packaging by the third week of February and that all of the domestic orders will be shipped out by the end of March." 1/22/14 - "Our co-packer is still on schedule to provide the first pallets of Soylent for shipping by the end of February." 3/13/14 - "pushes back first shipping date to mid-April" 4/10/14 - "FedEx will begin shipping the first preorders Monday, April 21st" ALSO "Some Backerkit add-ons removed." 4/24/14 - "Soylent orders will begin shipping 4/25" 5/1/14 - "general Soylent 1.0 orders will begin shipping this week" So yeah..... Also, from the blog post you linked: >> "You’ll surely agree that it’s been a long 11.66 months since we started the Soylent crowdfunding campaign." Yes, yes it fucking has and it's be exacerbated by updates coming only every 1-3 months. >> Note: 10-12 week delay on orders Great they've got a pretty site where people can order something they won't see for 3+ (and you can bet that will be a BIG "+") months... Right, I believe that yes, they would be in the reorder group. That was something the Soylent team has wanted to make sure was possible from the start so that you didn't order some then run out before they could ship you more. In fact in the earlier emails they talked about shipping the month supplies out first so that everyone would have time to reorder more before they ran out. I currently use HackerNew [0] to get this functionality (more or less). Instead of displaying the karma next to the name you just hover over a username to get it. Example: https://www.dropbox.com/s/lw9w8xsd3s76kwd/Screenshot%202014-... [0] https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hackernew/lgoghlnd... I wonder if Github will ever reconsider allowing bots [0]. There are bunch of things like this that would be cool to have pull-requests automatically generated for. Security fixes would be another place where I can see bots helping to fix common mistakes. [0] http://www.wired.com/2012/12/github-bots/ Yeah, maybe the answer is a hybrid, bots that look for common mistakes and a website that lets people login to github and displays the potential fixes so they can fix the code in the browser and send the pull request. Like a way to try and introduce people to open source through guided fixes more or less. I agree, it's too bad they banned bots [0], one alternative I see is: >> Yeah, maybe the answer is a hybrid, bots that look for common mistakes and a website that lets people login to github and displays the potential fixes so they can fix the code in the browser and send the pull request. Like a way to try and introduce people to open source through guided fixes more or less. [1] [0] http://www.wired.com/2012/12/github-bots/ [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7717694 Well being inside the USA doesn't protect you from receiving modified equipment, it has been reported that the NSA will, for certain "Persons of interest", intercept hardware in transit and compromise it. I am not monetizing my blog but the eBook/ad routes seems to be the most successful way to do it. For example Dayle Rees writes blog posts on the PHP framework Laravel [1] and then compiles them into eBooks [2][3] that he sells. [0] http://daylerees.com/ [1] http://laravel.com/ [2] https://leanpub.com/codehappy [3] https://leanpub.com/codebright Agreed, I really like the demo area but it's a bit of a shock when it first shows up. Came here to say the same thing. It can play hell with your email if you do manage to put a CNAME on the root [0]. [0] http://joshstrange.com/why-its-a-bad-idea-to-put-a-cname-rec... Yep, the "Agile" that I was taught through a 2-day course I went to for a client I used to work with was quite different than the "Core Agile" that was laid out originally. It didn't take long for the company to slide back into a sort of waterfall-agile or, as this author phrases it "everyone is falling backwards reverting to 30 day waterfall sprints under the umbrella of Scrum". Really sad that at the end of the day "Agile" meant more admin work and meetings and no noticeable improvements (to me). Of course management saw "improvements" but the "scrum masters" would just tweak numbers to make it look like we met deadlines or completed enough story points. It was really sickening to watch everyone pat everyone else on the back for doing a good job when I knew at least 1/3rd of the scrum teams didn't get close to what they were supposed to accomplish. There was a story posted the HN that was very similar to this semi-recently, in fact I though it was a repost until I saw this was published today. I can't seem to find the previous post, does anyone else remember that/have a link? Thanks! Apparently I need to re-evaluate my usage of the term "semi-recently", thank you very much for the link! I bow to your superior searching skills. I used the HN search site [0] if you don't mind me asking what did you use to find or did you just have it bookmarked? [0] http://hn.algolia.com Not only did they screw with vertical scrolling I can't swipe to go back in history, it just moves up a slide. Super annoying. I'll just file this under "No shit sherlock". Really, is it any surprise to anyone here that if you give employees less rope it's harder for them to hang themselves? For employees that need admin so that they can install programs and modify settings you simply have a "Here is admin access but don't come to us if you break it" policy. This article seems painfully obvious and doesn't belong on HN IMHO. Not weighing in on either side just wanted to provide this [0] link posted to HN 5 days ago and the discussion [1]. [0] http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/ottawa/popular-fish-oil-study-... [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7740561 I think he is saying that companies like Level3 should kill all peering with Comcast if they refuse to upgrade to more peering. At least temporally to get their attention and that of their customers that is. MacBook Air base model ($900): * 1.4GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor * Turbo Boost up to 2.7GHz * Intel HD Graphics 5000 * 4GB memory * 128GB PCIe-based flash storage The base Surface is cheaper than the Air but the second tier Surface (The one with more or less parity) is $100 more than the Air. I expect to gather quite a few downvotes for this viewpoint but here it goes. There is no way I would have intervened. I am a male and I can't see my involvement in the situation working out for me at all. Now you might say I'm wrong for putting my self-preservation above that on Kristen's but this isn't just about preventing physical harm to myself. In fact if I knew that I would only be cut (non-fatal) then I wouldn't have this stance. Instead I am worried about the ramifications of "attacking" a women in public like this. We have seen countless times in the media where someone coming to the aid of someone in danger (not in an attack situation) has been sued for helping (just google "rescuer sued"). So if trying to help someone alone can get you screwed just think about what can happen when there are two people involved. What assurances do I have that I won't inadvertently hurt Kristen in the process and that she won't decide to sue me? Or that the attacker in this situation won't sue me for "attacking her" while trying to prevent her from stabbing Kristen (google "attacker sues victim")? I'll tell you: NONE. For all we know the attacker will sue Kristen for throwing hot coffee on her, this story isn't over yet. Let's examine an example: I intervene, I kick the attacker in the head to get her off Kristen. Let's ignore for now the chance that a bystander only see's me kick this women in the head and assumes it was unprovoked and then attacks me. Then Kristen gets up, shakily thanks me and the disappears into the crowd. I am left standing over the body of a women that I just physically assaulted. A bystander had pulled out their phone to film what was happening but only caught me kicking the women. If I leave the scene then there is a chance I will be hunted down and if I stay at the very least I am going to spend the rest of the day at the police station. The attacker stuffers brain damage from the kick and the family sues me for all I'm worth and I spend the rest of my life paying off the debt while waking up daily to the thought of "No good deed...". I understand this is a worst case outcome but there is no way in hell I am going to risk my life AND if I survive the remainder of my life over a $600 phone and the contents of her bag, it simply is not worth it. I'd cover those costs with my first meeting with an attorney. If the attacker was actually stabbing Kristen then it would be a different story but that's not what happened. I've talked to people trained in various martial arts and the vast majority of them say that if they were mugged they would hand over their belongings. Mind you these are people trained to fight (whereas I can assure you I have no such training) but they know their lives are not worth their possessions. TL;DR: A phone and purse are not worth the victims or a potential rescuers life (both immediate and long term) Google: "attacker sues victim" [0] Google: "victim sues rescuer" [1] [0] https://www.google.com/search?q=attacker+sues+victim [1] https://www.google.com/search?q=victim+sues+rescuer Two women fighting != a man kicking a women in the head I think you are assuming too much when you assume a bystander won't attack a man attacking a women in public. I'm sorry I misread that as "blood rushing to my face" which is obviously wrong. I'm going to go out on a limb and assume it was small cut and not a gash (we really would need pictures to know for sure but this story is VERY light on any evidence, I'm going further out on that limb and assume the picture was not included because it wasn't a bad cut and didn't make the story seem as bad). Two women fighting can scratch each other's face and I still wouldn't get involved. When I wrote that I was imagining more of a "stabbing" and not a cut on her face. Regardless I stand by my TL;DR of: A phone and purse are not worth the victims or a potential rescuers life (both immediate and long term). This would have been avoided if Kristen had simply handed over her phone and purse. If every taxi ride I have ever taken wasn't so shitty I might care but they were and I don't. I live in Lexington, Kentucky and I don't use cabs very often except to get home from the bars on occasion, get a ride to the airport, and once or twice when my car got locked in a parking garage downtown. On 2 occasions I distinctly remember calling (or used online tools) to scheduled a cab ride for ~1hr in the future only to be called less than 15min later by the cab driver letting me know he was out front. Also I've called a cab on at least 3 occasions and they never showed up and I had to call again. Every cab I have ever taken only accepts cash which I rarely have on me and getting change back is awkward and so I normally end up overpaying so I don't have to deal with it. I have been patiently waiting for Uber/Lyft to come to Lexington and about a month ago Lyft came. I was ecstatic and signed up right away and a few days later had my first Lyft ride. It was the most refreshing ride I have ever had. Not only did I not have to worry about the driver not showing up but I knew what car he was driving and had his picture on my phone and so it was very easy for me to spot him. The drivers have all been very nice and their cars have been clean and took me straight to my destination without me having to give directions unlike the dirty cabs I've ridden in with drivers that barley speak English and don't use GPS. I will never use a taxi again if I can help it, Lyft has provided me with an amazing alternative and I would gladly pay double for a Lyft driver because the experience is so much better than a taxi. YMMV. Do you have some proof for this? (aside from PR spewed from the taxi companies) Somehow I doubt that the citizens that use the taxis would agree. I may be wrong but just because the official line is "very high standards of behavior" doesn't mean that's how it works in practice. I would love to be wrong but I can't help but think the taxi drivers are protesting because Uber and other ride-sharing problems are stealing customers left and right due to providing a better service. This is a very good point and frankly I don't have a good response to it. I'm not sure the argument holds up completely though. I think a better one might be: You both own computer consulting companies but you have government clearance while your neighbors company does not. One day government agencies decide they don't care if you have the clearance or not and decide to hire your neighbor because they have better programmers and can get the job done faster. Government contracts is another sector that I think is overly-regulated and give an unfair advantage to the companies that can throw people at money at getting clearance so that only they can bid absurd amounts of money on contracts just to fuck them up and go way over budget but I digress... I wonder if someone has patented the idea of sue for patents that you never actually use... Would love to see patent trolls sued for trying to sue for patents they don't use. Check out this [0] post. I tried the first extension and it worked but doesn't pause by default (ESC key toggles gif animation). I didn't try the other two but this looks like what you are looking for. [0] http://chris.pirillo.com/how-to-disable-animated-gifs-in-chr... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turnstile#Full-height_turnstile... I know this is 2 days old and I don't want to beat a dead horse but check out this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3PgH86OyEM I know it is Man -> Women and Women -> Man but I think it neatly illustrates my point. And I think we can assume: * 2 women fighting -> Public doesn't care * women fighting man -> Public doesn't care * man fighting women -> Public cares and will get involved I couldn't agree more. I have long though Scribd was toxic and a terrible idea in an age where browsers render PDFs flawlessly and that was before I knew of the find issues and DRM font. I have avoided Scribd links like the plague as every time I have accidentally go to their website I have found navigating (scrolling) the PDF to be nearly unusable and I despise how small the view port is. To be honest I have no clue what other content surrounds the document which I attribute in part to "Ad blindness" and I won't be checking now because I don't want to give them the page view. As for Quora it is Experts Exchange 2.0. Hiding community sourced knowledge behind a login is shameful and disgusting. Especially since, if memory serves, they started out allowing you to see all the content then later added the blurring and popup. Thankfully I didn't pay much attention to Quora prior to this change and so I don't have any knowledge of mine locked up in. If I had I would delete my responses and repost the question and my answer to the appropriate Stack Exchange site. I'm on mobile right now but once back at my computer I plan on adding both of these sites to my hosts file as I refuse to be an accomplice to or support their shady practices. Thank you for highlighting what I have long thought about Quora and fully opening my eyes to the sins of Scribd which I have long disliked but lacked the interest to fully investigate. As 30thElement said: There are no down arrows on submissions. They only appear on comments after users reach a certain karma threshold. How do you figure that? Yes you might not have an ebook store built into your device but you are not locked into ONLY obtaining your ebooks from Amazon. I am likewise confused by this, I would think that something like universal income would be the logical response to this but removing minimum wage just seems like a way for the poor to get poorer and the rich to get richer. I'm just a developer so I don't know if removing the minimum wage would be good for the economy in fact IIRC raising the minimum wage helps the economy (Again I am not an economist). Could someone smarter in these areas expand on this? From Wikipedia [0]: As of 2009, non-military cryptography exports from the U.S. are controlled by the Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security.[9] Some restrictions still exist, even for mass market products, particularly with regard to export to "rogue states" and terrorist organizations. Militarized encryption equipment, TEMPEST-approved electronics, custom cryptographic software, and even cryptographic consulting services still require an export license[9](pp. 6–7). Furthermore, encryption registration with the BIS is required for the export of "mass market encryption commodities, software and components with encryption exceeding 64 bits" (75 F.R. 36494). In addition, other items require a one-time review by or notification to BIS prior to export to most countries.[9] For instance, the BIS must be notified before open-source cryptographic software is made publicly available on the Internet, though no review is required.[10] Export regulations have been relaxed from pre-1996 standards, but are still complex.[9] Other countries, notably those participating in the Wassenaar Arrangement,[11] have similar restrictions.[12] [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Export_of_cryptography_from_the... [9] http://www.access.gpo.gov/bis/ear/pdf/ccl5-pt2.pdf [10] http://www.bis.doc.gov/encryption/pubavailencsourcecodenofif... [11] http://www.wassenaar.org/participants/index.html [12] http://www.wassenaar.org/guidelines/docs/Initial%20Elements%... >> Contiki will soon face competition from the likes of Microsoft, which recently announced Windows for the Internet of Things [0]. But while Microsoft’s new operating system will be free for devices less than 9 inches in size, it won’t be open source. And Contiki has an 11-year head start. What? Why even mention windows here, these two OS's aren't even close to being in the same category other than they share the price tag of "free". I'd like to see windows try to run in under 128mb let alone the 1mb for linux or the mere kilobytes need for Contiki. A windows mention here seems very out of place. [0] http://www.wired.com/2014/04/free-windows/ Not directly related to the post but I just wanted to say Venmo is awesome. I've had an account for a while now but most of my friends didn't want to use it and so I wasn't very active. Starting about 2 years ago I got all my roommates on Venmo (Venmo to pay and Splitwise to track it) to handle groceries/rent/utilities/etc and I love no longer getting checks/cash. I'm not sure if they had always offered debit-card-only setup (I think I had to add a bank when I first signed up) but they do now which is great for when people want to pay me. I can have the money in Venmo and moving towards one of my bank accounts in minutes. Just a few months ago my Mom wanted me to buy a gift for my dad so that it didn't show up on her card and so I ordered it and then after he had the gift she Venmo'd me the money. She didn't have an account setup but I had the money in less than 10 minutes. She isn't technically illiterate but she sometimes needs help with computer stuff but I just told her to use Venmo and she figured it all out by herself. I have a bachelor party I'm attending this weekend and in a group chat with the other guys attending the guy who setup the hotel said we could bring cash/checks or just Venmo him the money. This is someone who, while they grew up with tech, isn't someone I would expect to use Venmo. It just goes to show that what I think of as "someone I would expect to use Venmo" is wrong/outdated. I'm really excited to see Venmo get used more and more as it makes my life extremely more simple when it comes to paying friend back or getting paid back. I am going to start pushing my friends that don't have it yet to sign up, I'd like nothing more than to never get a check/cash from a friend again. Please tell me this is sarcasm [0]. I assume from the emoticon that it is. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poe's_law Forgive if I'm missing something but how does http://masterpasswordapp.com deal with sites password requirements (or rather limitations)? This is another case (IMHO) of Amazon being a "Jack of all trades, King of none". Prime delivery is awesome, they are king in that arena but video/music is seriously lacking in the UI/UX department. They have decent content for free on Instant Video but it doesn't keep track of what you have watched and navigating is a massive PITA. Their music selection is sparse and that's me being kind... I paused my Spotify to check out their OS X app and couldn't believe how terrible it is. Search is confusing and navigating my library is not intuitive at all. I will keep an eye on it but they should not have released it in this state. Yeah, it tells me I'm #2 on the Eminem board but I can't seem to find a link to it > Let's be serious, people are paying $12-25 for taking a Uber or Lyft when they could be paying just $2.25. Does it take longer? Yes. So much longer that you willing to pay 4-11x? I don't think so. People are wasting money. Disclaimer: I don't live in SF. Yes, a million times yes it is worth it. The bus system where is I am from is far worse than SF but still, google map from location A to B and toggle between car and bus options. I can get there in less than 15min by car but unless I time it perfectly (and the bus is on time) it will take over an hour to get there by public transit. Not to mention there are times when the busses do not run where I live. The author seems to think it's: busses or lyft/uber (and again that might be the case in SF) but where I am from your options after 11pm is taxis or lyft and I will easily pay more (though the rides so far have been nearly the exact same as the taxis I've taken) for a ride that I know is coming, I don't have to give turn by turn directions to, and I can pay by CC (completely impossible with taxis in my town). So the author's argument of "Lyft/Uber sucks because busses" seems quite BS to me... I couldn't find any mention of this but does it have any sort of TI-BASIC-type language you can use on it? I got started programming with that and it was awesome to be able to carry around with me a little computer that I could write and run programs on. I never delved down into ASM but I did install a few ASM programs that provided better access to the BASIC programs doing things like sprites or screen draws a magnitude of times faster or providing features that were not available in BASIC. > With a user’s permission, developers can now access user profile information including playlists, This is awesome news! The last time I tried to write something for Spotify to front-load my last.fm (I know I'm late to the game) account but couldn't get access to the playlists. Going to have to check this out when I get some time. I have almost no problem with internal recruiters, it's the external/contingency recruiters that I hate with a fiery passion. They call during work hours, email constantly, and provide VERY little value in my experience. As others have mentioned, due to the high payouts to these recruiters they are willing to lie their pants off to get you to accept the job. The last recruiter I worked with tried to hide the name of the company which really irked me. I am not some piece of cattle to be herded between companies and I am perfectly capable of looking up information on a company to determine if I want to work there or not. I don't need a recruiter throwing buzzwords at me that he/she thinks will convince me to take the job. Every call with the recruiter was more painful than the last and then at one point the recruiters supervisor contacted me and used even more BS/flowery language to try and convince me to apply for the job. A few months after I got a new job (without a recruiter) I was contacted by another recruiter but noticed before I trashed the email that this wasn't from a company of recruiters. Instead it was a recruiter hired by the company looking for programmers. We talked back and forth on email a little and she was very nice and I felt like there was much less over-hyping (still a little but that's to be expected in that position). Within a few days and about 2-3 emails I had a phone call with the co-founder. I ended up not taking the job due to lack of experience in what they were really looking for but it was a very pleasant experience. Contrast that with 5+ calls (3 during work before I told him not to call 9-5) with the external recruiter, a meeting in person, him harassing my reference, and never once being able to talk to anyone at the company they were trying to hire me for. > And the OP should bolster his case by naming names instead of hiding behind being afraid that he might become the target of exactly such an attack. I would say that would be easily resolved if the proof was strong enough. In a perfect world, yes, that would be the case but we don't live in a perfect world. I think the OP is perfectly within their rights to not paint a bullseye on their back with zero assurance that google will protect them. I also would prefer an email as long as it's is not some form letter (which is all I get from external recruiters and is nothing like what I received from the internal recruiter). I'd also like them to take a look at my github, google me, know more about me than "joshstrange.isProgrammer == true". The internal recruiter talked only over email with me and setup a call with the cofounder in her second email to me. (Note: we traded a few more emails to figure out a time that worked for both of us). I just looked at the first email she sent and it isn't very personalized but it is informal and not a wall of text filled with BS buzzwords. -------------------------------------- Hi Josh, I work for [removed]. We're kind of like a [removed] for [removed]. We’re [removed], whether they work in factories, wait tables, or drive firetrucks, with each other and the companies they work for. We recently raised our Series B round and we’re looking for great engineers to help us reach an even bigger audience. We are passionate about including all employees at the workplace in the conversation. Potentially you could be a great fit for our engineering team here at [removed]. Would you be open to chat either today or tomorrow? Look forward to connecting with you. Best, [removed] -------------------------------------- As you can see they didn't mention anything specific to me but I am much more open to responding to than what I get from most recruiters. I may be an edge case in the phone call department but I always answer my phone if I am awake and not in the middle of something with friends. If I am at home at 8pm messing around online or watching TV I will answer. I find it extremely uncomfortable to talk with a recruiter while at work. It was even worse at my last job where I sat within 5 feet from my boss with no divider between us at all. I feel like I have to speak in code and watch out from saying certain words that might tip off my current employer that I am talking to a recruiter. Now a days if I hear the words "Hi I'm XXX XXX with YYYYY" I hangup if "YYYYY" is a recruiting firm. If you google my name you can find my email address in seconds so there is no reason anyone should have to call me and I refuse to deal with external recruiting companies after multiple bad experiences and overall dislike of their business model. I'm not saying we should ignore this but there are always going to be bad apples and I trust Uber/Lyft driver much more than I trust taxi drivers... Seeing how the author says he developed said algorithm and the maze is from Book #1 Maze #1 I don't think that's at all possible. I'm not sure why you are getting downvoted. I couldn't agree more. It seems very bait-and-switch-y to me to have a landing page without the price on it. Same here, I like the interface and enjoy being able to easily see all my balances and don't need 2FA as this is view-only but I like to enable 2FA whenever possible. I have to deal with such a merge almost daily as the main road I use is under heavy construction. I am an "early merger" mainly because the people in the left lane (right lane goes away) will not let you in if they have a choice and it is widely seen as being a "douchbag" if you fly down the right hand lane expecting to be let in at the end. I'm not saying that I disagree with this article in fact I've sat in near standstill traffic in the lefthand land and I've had plenty of time to wonder if merging at the merge point does make more sense, which I think it does. I personally wish they would have closed off the entire right lane as there is only a couple hundred meter stretch where this road is 2 lanes and so I wish they had just kept it a single lane all the way though while construction was underway. Here is the road in question: http://s.joshstrange.com/oRq9.png From where you see Louie Pl it turns into a 2 lane road then goes back to 1 lane at Opportunity Way then back to 2 lane where you see it get fatter again. However construction makes the road for a mile or two after Opportunity Way 1 lane only so the 2 lanes for such a small stretch are almost more trouble than they are worth. I find the "Apple is too expensive" argument to hold little water when you really look at it. I won't argue that up front you will pay more for the lowest-end Apple laptop/desktop over a Windows laptop/desktop but in my experience Apple products hold their value much better than any Dell/HP/etc product. Even if you hate OS X then you still are better off buying an Apple laptop and running Windows than you are buying a Windows laptop. The hardware is more reliable, the resale value is greater, and they look 100x better than anything else out there. Comparing a Dell XPS to a Macbook Pro Retina with the very similar stats (CPU/RAM/HD), the Mac has a few better specs, leaves us with a price difference of $100 in Dell's favor but I can promise you that the MBPr will resale for much higher than the XPS in 1-2 years time. I had friends in college that always would joke that I paid a small fortune for my MBP ($1500) however these were the same people who would buy a $500 laptop every year or so because their bargain bin laptops just didn't last long before they started having hardware issues or massive slowdowns. My MBP ran quite smoothly for 2.5 years before I needed a faster CPU (I'm a developer) and I sold my machine for $900 which resulted in an operating cost of $240/yr for the period I owned it. Did you miss the: * $5 monthly service fee * $.50 PIN change fee * Fact that the ATM fee is ON TOP of the fees that the machine may change you I think we all understand that ATM's might charge a fee to use but the $5/mo fee and the ATM fees on top of regular charges is not what any sane person would expect when told "$15 fee to get the card then it's entirely free to use" $5/mo != Free to use My parents just upgraded and sold their old (4 and 5yro) MBP's for a yearly "cost" similar to what I saw ($240/yr, it was a little closer to $300 for them). I will agree that selling and re-buying every 1-2 years can increase your savings but the fact that a 4 & 5yro laptop is worth anything is testimate enough IMHO. You don't see that with windows laptops. Please show me a windows laptop that is still worth even half it's value after 2 years. I've thought for quite some time now (last 5+ years, which as a 23yro seems like a long time) as the internet as an extension of my brain. I've joked to friends that I simply keep a small "cache" of "pointers" in my brain to the internet where I know I can find the information if I need it but I have little use to memorize the details. I fully understand that if the internet were to disappear tomorrow that I would be very lost but it's not something worth preparing for IMHO. While I agree with preparing for the future I do not think preparing for the fall of humanity/technology to be a good use of my time. Call me naive or stupid (or lazy), you may be right, but I find little advantage in remembering large swatches of information when it can be called up (from either local copy or the internet) at will. It's one reason I vehemently opposed the C++ exams I took in college that required me to know the boilerplate of a C++ program as there would never be a time in my life that I could imagine I would be without an IDE or the internet to generate/fetch it for me. I'm not saying that I think this is a "more advanced" way of living/existing but just that it is the way I live/exist. I have friends who have expressed similar feelings but I'd be very interested in what both people older and younger and I think/feel about this issue. Pretty sure all the things on this [1] page that have a checkmark in the "Public" column [1] http://developer.espn.com/docs It would appear they are talking about CA [0] [0] https://www.dmv.ca.gov/pubs/vctop/d11/vc22651_07.htm Can you post a video of this in action? I think I understand what it does but a youtube video of you showing it off would be appreciated. This isn't too surprising, I remember before taking the ACT (or any test with some sort of a "Reading Comprehension" section) I would read the questions before I read the selected reading so that I knew what I was looking for. That was my experience as well. This is not the case with first run products. The original iPhone's price was $599 (8GB) and $499 (4GB) when it was released in June 2007. Then in September of the same year they discontinued the 4GB model and dropped the price of the 8GB down to $400. I'm not saying that they will drop the price of the watch but there is a history of them doing this with the first run of a product. Also someone mentioned they did something similar with the MBA in this thread. I work on a web app that is half and half when it comes to depending on JS. The site started as MVC PHP app that was all server-side but over the years JS was added to do client-side validation and other UI/UX enhancements. In part because the customers asked for them and because something would have been extremely tedious and frustrating without JS+AJAX. As time wore on entire components were built with JS making them unusable with out it. I have some co-workers who want to move all logic back to the server side or at least provide fallbacks for non-JS users but I strongly oppose this. We have parts of our app that use google maps that would be completely unusable without JS and those parts are arguably the most important and central parts of our app. They want to approach it as "Lets make as many parts usable without JS as we can" while my opinion is "If parts of the app absolutely require JS and are heavily used parts then why waste our time worry about people with JS disabled". Especially since a lot of the server-side only parts of the app could be greatly enhanced with JS. I should also mention that this web app is NOT public facing and is only used by our call center (which we control the browser, newest chrome) and various groups of people using our software which so far all have JS enabled. I agree that a news website does not need to have JS-required pages for 99.999%+ of their content. If they are taking the time to enhance their site with JS then I believe they probably also have the time (and financial incentive) to make their sites work without JS. Web apps on the hand are a different story. Once you have a significant number of users it might make sense to invest the time in making a fallback or slimed down version (I'm thinking Google/Facebook/etc) but for most companies I don't think supporting a JS-disabled web is a good use of time. You can still show ads with JS disabled at least some of the ads systems I have used have tags following the JS include to show something still if JS is disabled. It's far less targeted for sure which in turn leads to less revenue from them. And I think it's fair for a free resource (This does not hold for news sites behind a paywall) to require JS so that they can make money off ads to in turn support the free viewing. I have the same problem. My MBP right now only has a 256GB SSD in it and so I can only fit about 1/8 or less of my DB on it once I load up other data/apps. I had to create a "Camera Uploads Archive" folder and move all my pictures to that then turn on selective sync for it because the "Camera Uploads" folder got way to big to keep on my MBP. I really wish I could still see the "Camera Uploads Archive" and if I tried to open or use one of the files it would download it until after I had finished with it. I'd love to be able to browser all my picture but I just don't have the space. I don't know why you are being down-voted. I think we can agree the issue isn't that they were mining BTC with customer devices but rather that they swore they weren't. Had they not released statements saying they would not be getting into the mining business and that they tested the devices on the test net then there wouldn't be nearly as much of an issue. Yes people would still be mad they tested them for 2 days when 15min would have been enough (especially when they were so late in shipping), but the big issue is they lied to everyone who bought one of these devices. Are you thinking about using this: http://aws.amazon.com/workspaces/ or just setting up a windows VM on EC2? Also how powerful of a machine do you need? For the lowest power windows VM you are looking at ~$13/mo which isn't too bad I guess ( http://www.ec2instances.info/?cost=monthly ) I've not used it but you might want to look into this article http://www.niftiestsoftware.com/2011/09/24/converting-a-virt... (I'm assuming you are using virtualbox but if you aren't then I'm not sure how to do it but I'm sure google does. They don't offer desktop versions of windows for EC2 (only server), I'm not sure if a desktop windows VM will even run (and a quick google says no http://superuser.com/questions/564768/can-i-run-windows-7-in... ). I once ran a windows VM because I needed a cloud server that I could run iTunes on and that worked well enough but I don't think you will have as much luck for what you are looking to do. Also the workspaces stuff is too expensive as it is by month not by hour. Unless you want to use linux as your desktop I don't think there is a cost-effective way to host your desktop in the cloud. I never used Wave much (who did) but it was the first thing I thought of when I saw the promo. This is probably one of the first MS products I have been interested in in some time. One of the biggest pluses for me was that they used Apple hardware in there commercial. In the past (especially under Balmer) they have been so anti-Apple it is painful. I have to agree with you. Dokku is REALLY neat, don't get me wrong, but after working more or less perfectly for a month or so (Only with 2 projects running) I tried to add a new one and everything went to hell. My old projects started having problems and like you I had no clue where to start. I will keep an eye on Dokku along with things like Deis which I also have high hopes for. I pre-ordered Coin and have signed up for the beta and while this card seems to be much cooler (and 3x more expensive) I feel like Coin has a better chance of making it to market. Their idea and product just seems more "do-able" than this. It's easy to throw up a list of tech specs on a website, it's a lot harder to actually ship those features. I'm highly skeptical of their support for chip-and-pin. In my (uneducated on this matter) mind it seems like the ability to do this undermines a large security consideration with chip-and-pin. What's to stop a crook from swiping my card on his reader? Does this not just make it all the easier to clone cards? Also the battery life is an annoyance. Not one that I couldn't live with (I look at my Pebble and Pulse battery levels every few days to determine if I need to plug it up at night) but Coin's approach to this problem seems cleaner. Coin was a reach for me, this is way out of what I would spend to "fix" this problem. Also as other's have said with Apple Pay entering the fray Coin is rapidly losing its appeal as neither Coin nor this card offer the consumer protection that Apple Pay does (like not giving them your real CC number). I too am jaded by Coin's delays (though after a year of Soylent delays, each one promising delivery "next month", I guess I should know better). As for the battery life I really don't expect to still be using the same Coin in 2 years. I imagine I will have an upgraded Chip & Pin version or just be using Apple Pay by then. I fear that all of these card-replacement solutions will be downed out by things like Apple Pay (I assume other companies will introduce competing services, and no Google Wallet is not a competing service IMHO). I might be able to get a Coin refund but I'm not a huge fan of pulling funding from them (even if it's only $50) and I still think it's a nifty idea. I'm still very much so looking forward to getting my Coin sometime in December (supposed to ship by the end of November), that is of course if they stick to that timetable. Agreed, if they did it would seem that this is a card cloner's wet dream. Maybe I'm missing something but I just don't see how it is possible to support Chip and Pin without proving the system is broken. I would assume the same thing, the problem is if I leave my wallet upstairs and take my phone downstairs (breaking the BTLE tether) will it also wipe? If so does it automatically re-load when I get back in range? If it doesn't auto-reload then it sounds like a PITA and if it does auto-reload it sounds like a security nightmare (Clone the BTLE MAC and get the victims phones to unknowingly push all their charge cards to your sniffer). Coin is $100 now but it's original pre-orders were $50. I didn't know they raised the price after I bought it. I am a heavy user of Plex and have about 600GB of video in my Dropbox via Plex Cloud Sync. Hive has no desktop client as far as I can see which is already a deal breaker as the machine I browse on is not the machine my video is stored on. On top of all of this we have no clue how they plan to offer this free storage other than "Ads". Don't get me wrong $9/mo for unlimited data sounds nice but there is no way I am using my upload pipe to move my 10-12TB of media into a cloud that I know nothing about and could shut down next month. To be fair I doubt I am the user they are targeting. It's not a "All your media in the cloud" but rather "A way to share one-off video/picture/music in the cloud which is not something I am interested in at all. * I assume you mean 2x3TB :) I use dropbox+drive for friends/family or if I'm not going to be at home. My upload connection is decent for where I am but it can't handle multiple HD streams (3+) so moving content I know people want into Dropbox means faster streaming for them and less congestion on my network. I have 4x3TB + 1x1TB drives currently (no raid, yes, yes, I know I need to do it) and those are about filled up and my media server has no more room in it for more drives so if I want to add more it would have to be external (I do have a couple eSata ports though). I am currently looking for a replacement, I've considered buying one of those 20-drive server rack mounts [1] and filling it with 3TB drives which at Raid 6 (zRaid 2 really since I would just use ZFS soft-raid) would give me ~54TB of space. That should last me for a while yet :). At that point I would also start looking into colocation (That way I wouldn't need the Cloud Sync) but then I lose the VERY nice local speeds I get by having it all 10ft from my TV. [1] Something like this http://smile.amazon.com/NORCO-Mount-Hot-Swappable-Server-RPC... (First result on google, I would look more before I decided of course) That may work in some cases but for QA reasons alone it gets unsustainable really quickly. Let's say you have your base app then "Upgrades" A, B, C. * What if the user buy's C but not A and B? * Does B/C rely on anything in A or C rely on anything in B * For every upgrade the dev needs to test all the possible combinations of upgrades bought by the user * Positioning for new UI added by A/B/C dependant on what other upgrades have been purchased You might be able to solve most of these with requiring A for B and B for C but even then you still need to test your app: Base+A, Base+A+B, Base+A+B+C...... You could similarly argue we used the waterflow project management style for a very long time and it worked "well". Shut up and take my money. I had to jump through so many hoops when I setup SSL about a year ago that I almost just gave up. I have your site bookmarked and next time I need to setup SSL I will be using your service. It looks really easy and how I would expect SSL certs to work. Let's not pretend that they didn't make money off the ads they placed on their websites. Yes it was "free" but they weren't doing this out of the goodness of their hearts. Also any goodwill they may have gained in their heyday is all but used up now with this whole shutting down, not shutting down, shutting down, fuck you and your pictures situation. > Swift only has value with the Mac OS X and iOS ecosystems And .NET only had value in the MS world before Mono which very popular. Sexism, racism, homophobia (I assume that's what was going on with the marketing guys and "Josh"), long hours, low pay, "boys club", overbearing/micromanaging boss, unpaid full day "interview", false hope (Seemed like the idea of getting your own franchise was a carrot dangled before them on a stick that they would never get), and little/no structure. Wow.... And these are the companies that are getting funded? Here: https://passwordless.net/ (It's for Express + NodeJS) Open source, you can use whatever you want to get the code to the user. It's from Mozilla. Could not agree more! We have an mainly internal-only app that I work on that started out as PHP+HTML+CSS only and then over the years JS has been bolted on in various places. At first it was just to make life easier (Autocomplete, minor AJAX) but now we have entire components that will not function without JS and could not function without JS. Recently some devs have pushed for supporting browsers without JS enabled and I have been vehemently against it for a couple reasons: 1) MAJOR parts of our app will not and can not work without JS. Period, exclamation point. 2) Because of point 1 it doesn't make sense to waste dev time on making some views work with/without JS (We are a younger company and don't have time to waste on something like this especially when it isn't public-facing, not to mention QA can't handle testing everything twice). 3) Even if V1 of a component does support both JS and no JS there is no guarantee that future updates will be able to keep feature-parity or have time to code for that. For me JS is part of the web, not an optional add-on. It would be like saying "make a webpage that works with HTML" (IMHO). I also feel that it's not fair to complain about the GOOGLE CHROME app store requiring GASP GOOGLE CHROME (Same for GOOGLE cloud print). Not shit sherlock. As for Apple not allowing their video feeds on anything but Safari+OS X I think this is BS, there is no good reason I can think of to alienate so many people on other OS's especially since I would think THOSE are the people you might want to reach with your keynotes to convince them why they should switch. So while I like the idea of this Tumblr I can't help but think the JS/Google Chrome examples don't really fit and distract from the overall message. To be honest looking through the Tumblr again the ONLY valid concern is the one with Apple's keynote streaming, the other ones make complete sense. How is it Google's fault that they are pushing the envelope in terms of what is possible, even Google doesn't have the time/resources to make every one of their ideas (which may or may not make it long term) work across the board and that is their prerogative. Yeah and the web doesn't need CSS either.... Come on this is ridiculous, web-based chat? Webmail? I can't imagine using those without JS. So the user is supposed to refresh the webpage constantly to see if they got a new chat/email? Ok, if Gmail was an app in the Google Chrome store only then that might be a problem but this is "Offline" Gmail which I'm sure is using Chrome-specific API's to do it's magic. Google used to have thing called Google Gears (or something like that) that was a framework that would allow for things like Offline Gmail in FF but if I had to guess they either didn't have great adoption or where too limited in what they could so they dropped it and rolled it's features into Chrome. What I'm not a fan of is "Lowest-denominator web is the best web" arguement. It's not and I'm sorry but unlimited backwords-compatibility is a pipedream, at some point you have to move forward. So while it is heavily used inside our company (where everyone is on the latest chrome) it is also used by LEA's which we do not control. This means we have to support Chrome/FF/Safari/IE 9+ but we have yet to come across a group that disabled JS. As for what requires JS: we use google maps and people need to be able to draw zones on the maps which is not possible without JS (unless we have them a bunch of text inputs that they could enter the lat/lon of all the vertices. That is just one example and I can't go into much more detail. Bottom line is we would not have the customers we do if we didn't use to make it faster/easier and we don't have to resources to support JS+Noscript/no JS. I had unlimited up until my 5S when we went to a family data plan because it made financial sense. I can't help but feel they were throttling my internet PRIOR to the 3GB mark as well but this may be due to more phones coming online that lowered speeds across the board. I am VERY pissed with AT&T right now as my house (which used to get 3-4 bars no problem) now only gets 1 bar and regularly cuts in and out. Also mobile data is crapshoot even if I am in an area that you would expect good speeds from. I've gone full circle from all local -> all cloud -> all local because I can't trust my connection to work. Finding out that AT&T was injecting a tracking ID into my web requests is just the icing on the cake today..... I hate AT&T. Maybe try out something like this? https://github.com/morteza/bootstrap-rtl (more info: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/19730598/right-to-left-su... ) My experience with BTSync was not a very good one. If you try to sync a large number of folders (As in each folder as it's own share) then it eats up a ton of CPU/RAM. It wouldn't be as big of a deal but with the lack of selective sync that was the only way that I could implement my own selective sync. The other big hangup I had was I want to be able to browse my data from my phone but not keep a full copy of it there which is impossible with BTSync. Lastly I find their attempt to act "Open" laughable. The source is closed with vague hints that they might open it at some point and to use the API you have to REGISTER with them. To control software running on your personal machine from your personal machine you have to get an API from them. I am at a complete loss as to why this is needed. I will not be using BTSync again and have been recently looking at Pulse (previously Syncthing) [0]. [0] https://ind.ie/pulse/ I have not done more than look at it so far but I heard good things about it when it was still called Syncthing. As for making money off OS code there are a number of companies doing it (Free code + paid services). BTSync could offer help to enterprises setting it up internally, they could offer a cloud to sync your data to (encrypted), they could offer pro-features (like some stuff Dropbox offers). The whole point is that it needs no central server but the sheer existence of an API key means there IS a central server that this all relies on... Hmm, I wonder if it will suffer from the same issues as BTSync if I try to sync a large number of folders... I will be running on Ubuntu but that does suck that you can't run it as a windows server. I was using Sync as recently as last month. I just opened the iPhone app and it looks like now you can add a folder but not sync the data to your phone which is a huge improvement however the iPhone app is still a steaming pile of shit IMHO. It froze up on me 3 times while I was trying to browser through my non-synced folder and I had to force quit (iPhone 6+ no other apps running). Also I find the web/app interfaces to BTSync to be extremely laggy or contain stale data. On my MBPr (late 2013) it took a little over a minute to launch (well it "launched" right away but the web interface showed a loading screen for a minute, I have ONE folder synced) and the UX is terrible. I'll click something and a few seconds later it will open, I'm constantly wondering if the click registered or if BTSync is just being slow. In my experience the web/app does not seem to save my settings on which columns to show which is quite irritating. Lastly as I mentioned above trying to have BTSync sync 300+ folders brought it to it's knees and I can't even load the web interface to remove folders so that it's usable again (On my Ubuntu media center). As for the API key there is NO VALID REASON why I should need an API key to access something I host myself, none. Period. Exclamation point. I had to apply for an API key before I could start scripting BTSync and the first thing I did with scripting was to add all my media folders for shows to BTSync and it fell over and died. If you just want to sync a handful of folders it might work fine for you but when it brings my beefy media center to it's knees something is really wrong. Another gripe I have is the documentation for BTSync is woefully out of date and flat out incorrect in some cases. Once you manage to get an API key there are no instruction on what you do with said API key. Do you add it to each request to the BTSync API? No, you actually put it in a config file for BTSync itself which I only found out after scouring the internet and BTSync forums for help. BTSync has failed me multiple times and I'm done wasting my time with it. I'm glad it works for your but trying to use it for ~10TB of data is pipedream. To be fair Syncthing (Pulse) may be no better but I already like them more because they are more open whereas BTSync feels like a bait and switch waiting to happen IMHO. This must be something newer then because as early as a month ago I could find no way to do this. That may be failing of their documentation however I clicked every button/icon there was in the mobile app and found no way to do it. I can see now that by clicking the icon to the right of the folder name I can choose to have it "Auto-sync" which I assume means the data is stored on my phone but it's still confusing. As zepolud said elsewhere in this thread: > current spaceplanes have the capability to fly and land autonomously--Boeing X-37, Dream Chaser, even Buran was fully autonomous and that was 25 years ago. There is simply no excuse for Virgin for being sloppy. The point being there shouldn't have been human pilots in those seats in the first place. Hmmm.... This doesn't seem to line up with what Gnome said [0]: > It was almost inconceivable to us that Groupon, with over $2.5 billion in annual revenue, a full legal team and a huge engineering staff would not have heard of the GNOME project, found our trademark registration using a casual search, or even found our website, but we nevertheless got in touch with them and asked them to pick another name. Not only did Groupon refuse, but it has now filed even more trademark applications (the full list of applications they filed can be found here [1], here [2] and here). To use the GNOME name for a proprietary software product that is antithetical to the fundamental ideas of the GNOME community, the free software community and the GNU project is outrageous. Yet Groupon says: > We’ve been communicating with the Gnome Foundation for months to try to come to a mutually satisfactory resolution, including alternative branding options, and we’re happy to continue those conversations. And if we can’t come up with a resolution, we’ll be glad to look for another name. If we take the Gnome post as fact it appears Groupon thought they could get away with this then when they saw the (potential) backlash they backed away from their position. This may not be the case but I'm much more inclined to believe Gnome over Groupon [0] https://www.gnome.org/groupon/ [1] http://tsdr.uspto.gov/#caseNumber=86200190%0A86200193%0A8620... [2] http://tsdr.uspto.gov/#caseNumber=86287930%0A86287935%0A8628... [3] http://tsdr.uspto.gov/#caseNumber=86441913%0A86441922%0A8644... At least none of your pull quotes came before they are actual quoted in the article. I too hate pull quotes (I already ready it once! :) ) but there is a special place in hell for writers that write like reality TV shows ("Coming up on....", "Previously on..." on either side of commercial breaks). Great article by the way! Scribd is a terrible service and never once in my life have I said "oh good a Scribd link!". Every modern browser has a PDF viewer built in and I would hope people on HN are using updated browsers. It continues to baffle me as to why people use Scribd. I didn't know you could do this (I thought there were only a few handpicked charities). If you want to make a similar change your smile charity go here: https://smile.amazon.com/gp/charity/change.html?ie=UTF8&ref_... Then install the "Smile Always" plugin to redirect you to smile: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/smile-always/jgpmh... (The offical amazon one doesn't auto redirect AFAICT) There are so many things wrong with this that I don't know where to start.... > Those things might have been reasonable in the past, but we live in 2014. We live in a country that has an ethnic minority president, the first nation anywhere in the world to be progressive enough to do so. We have abolished racism, sexism, homophobia, and classism. We live in an equal, classless, democratic society. In what world do you live that we have "We have abolished racism, sexism, homophobia, and classism" because I can tell you all 4 of those are still going strong today. Please don't associate the abolishment of slavery with the abolishment of racism, it's so wrong that it's just sad that you seem to think that they are one in the same. Just because we elected "an ethnic minority president" it doesn't mean we get to whitewash history or pretend that racism is dead. As for sexism and homophobia I have witnessed both of these first hand within the last month easily and probably within the last week if I really thought about it. And lastly I would argue classism is actually on the rise, in the US at least (Probably elsewhere but I'm only going to say the US for sure right now). > It's totally fine to see problems, even with our highly progressive and forward-looking society. Dissent is the highest form of patriotism. But we are a nation of laws, and there are established procedures for changing those laws. We have the ballot box instead of the Anonabox, and for good reason. "established procedures for changing those laws".... Yeah how is congress doing on that front again? > If you are a good, loyal citizen, true to the ideas of the founding fathers and possessed of respect for the rule of law, there is no reason to be anonymous. Either you are right, and the democratic voice of the people will join you in a chorus of freedom, or you are wrong and if you continue to inflict harm on our society it will be forced to defend itself. Majority != Right. It wasn't too long ago that voicing support for homosexuality could have easily gotten you killed (there are many parts of the work were this is still the case) and law enforcement wouldn't have batted an eye. There are and always will be the need for anonymous speech/dissent because it is impossible to change unjust/unfair laws without being associated with the thing you want to change. If you remove anonymity then you also remove the ability to change the laws that you mention we have an "established procedures for changing". Democracy cannot exist without dissent and dissent cannot easily exist without some form of anonymity or dissenting will immediately bring a mob/law enforcement to your front door. I have been a long time user of Venmo and have tried to get a number of my friends on it but most of my friends consider entering their routing/account numbers (if they even know what those are...) into an app and waiting a couple days too much work. They even consider Square Cash too much of a hassle but I can see all of those same friends using Snapcash without issue. I consider Venmo to be the best in this space currently (But come on! Allow using debit cards to receive money already!) and I don't mind the 1-3 day delay in cashing out but I will still enter my debit card in snapchat cause at the end of the day I'm going to use the service that allows me to pay and get paid by the highest number of friends. I like (/don't care) about the new UI look in Yosemite but I have not been very impressed with it as a whole. The install took over 3 hours (I use homebrew and minor research I did pointed at that being the cause, well the cause being lots of data in /usr/local which is where HB puts it's stuff) and this [0] issue was causing me to pull my hair out until I just disabled per-display spaces to "fix" it. That menu bar issue would cause a 1-3 second delay between clicking on a monitor different from the one with the active window which was infuriating. I was unaffected by the big issues (wifi) plaguing iOS 8 and didn't get burned by the 8.0.1 issue. I have the 6+ and I do have some weird issues still like BT Audio sometimes skipping a second or two when the screen rotates (I know... odd) or just screen rotation issues as a whole (I shouldn't have to shake my phone or switch orientations multiple times before it works!!). Also the healthkit stuff not working at release (because of a security bug) was annoying, where is the homekit integration?, handoff is gimmicky and I have found little/no use for it so far (I have a MBPr + iPhone + iPad, I expect better), keyboards where glitchy as fuck on release, Apple Pay didn't support either of my CC's and the process to setup a card was far from what I would expect from Apple. All in all: Yes, both releases were shit if you ask me and that's coming from someone who loves Apple products and owns quite a few of them. [0] http://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/152038/prevent-redr... This 10000x over!!! I posted in that thread [0] & [1] and ended up having to just disable "Displays have separate Spaces" because my clicks wouldn't register for 1-3 seconds when clicking into another monitor. Very annoyed by this issue and hope they fix it soon! [0] http://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/152038/prevent-redr... [1] http://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/152038/prevent-redr... This also baffles me. I have a number of friends who use OS X for development and some just use one large monitor + spaces but the majority use multiple monitors. None of them experienced this issue but we were unable to figure out (we didn't spend a lot of time on it) what was different about my setup from theirs. Maybe it just never manifested for Apple employees? That sounds a little ridiculous but I don't know what else to think. I did an upgrade and I'm considering wiping and doing a fresh install when I get some time. This is my primary work machine (it's a personal laptop but all my work stuff is on it) and so I'm hesitant to take any chances or do anything that could mess with my work timelines on projects. Recently I have been taking the approach of "I sent you $15 for XYZ on Venmo if you want it you need to signup" because it's one of the few ways I can get them to do it. I hate to hold their money hostage like that but if I don't there isn't a great way for me to give them money other than paying for them up to what I owe them the next time we hang out (which I am bound to forget). I agree, I feel like Snapchat/cash will kill in this space due to ease of use. Couldn't agree more. I love linux for servers and work with linux servers all day long but I don't like linux desktop or app selection as much. I think there is something to be said for using a beautiful interface and apps everyday and I haven't really seen anything in the linux world that come anywhere close (without HOURS AND HOURS of playing with configs). I bought into Apple for *nix environment that "just worked (tm)" if they push another bad OS X release then I'll have to seriously consider linux again... "I was paying big bucks to Apple to solve this for me" Agreed. I don't want to have to worry about shit like this. When I use Windows I would ALWAYS do a clean install and almost always do a clean install every few months because I run my machines hard (installing tons of stuff to try out then removing it). With OS X I didn't have to worry about this and have saved a TON of time not having to rebuild my computer with each release. I expect better from Apple. I would do this if I lived in the UK but I live in the US where we only have ACH and even that's not really close to BACS. Wow, what a worthless article, they conveniently left out that Xsser only affected jailbroken phones (Which in the course of jailbreaking them opened up new vectors of attack that are not Apple's fault). Also AV on my phone? NO THANK YOU. I even stopped running AV on my windows machine before I switched to Mac/Linux because it was more trouble than it's worth and at the end of the day the user has to be smart enough not to fuck themselves over or not have enough permissions to fuck themselves over. Apple solves this by not giving them enough permissions. It works quite well and has kept the iOS platform very secure. I really do believe that iOS and Android have nearly equivalent levels of outside security. The difference is that Android allows for apps to do nearly anything while iOS apps are limited. These limits are why we have never (or at least I haven't) heard of a malicious app in the iOS store yet we have heard of countless malicious apps distributed through play and other third-party apps. You can't have full access and "free" security (Free as in you don't have to think or worry about it) in one package. Android chose full access and iOS chose security, end of story. Power users like most people on HN are going to complain about iOS because it's so locked down but let's please take a step back and realize that a large majority of the population need that protection. If you want more freedom go jailbreak your phone (I do) and just know that you are doing it at a risk to your security and you need to be careful. Real article: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/617568ea-71a1-11e4-9048-00144feabd... (Warning: Paywal) This article has very little (read: no) content I alway like to link to this blog post when UA's come up: History of the browser user-agent string - http://webaim.org/blog/user-agent-string-history/ > If we can take one lesson away from this experience, it is that default passwords do not provide protection from the threats that exist in the modern world. No shit.... Also this article covers what not to make your password which I think is misleading... This isn't about a hacker guessing easy passwords it's about people setting up these devices and not changed the DEFAULT user/password which is easy to find (or guess: user/user, admin/admin, root/root, user/root, etc). So why use scanning over BT picture transfer or the like? Scanning an image you have a digital copy of feels on par with holding your laptop over a flatbed scanner to print an email... Also how does this support phones like the iPhone 6/6+ or Nexus 6? So I just looked on KS and found this response: > @Abdul thanks for the question. Our optional app doesn't need to know that SnapJet is attached. All it has to do is display the desired image at the right scale and position - and SnapJet will scan/print it. This is part of what makes SnapJet so simple - any app can work with SnapJet as a print-source, just by displaying the desired photo. > You can think of it as a photocopy machine, where the "paper" is the phone screen. The paper doesn't need to know that it is being copied. So it sounds like you can use their app to display the image you want scaled to their scanner... But how do you position your 6/6+ so that it's lined up? I am still skeptical, one sentence on KS about it doesn't really fill me with optimism. The following sentence: > So all the tinkerers and photographers out there can control exposures, hack, and reprogram the SnapJet. Makes me think that those connections (USB/BLE) are just for computer -> SnapJet. Also they don't say anything about it in their video. That's the kind of promise that's easy to edit out after you've got funded. I would be interested in a BLE printer of this size (open their app and select the image and have a share intent to throw any image to the app to print) but the scanner seems gimmicky and like it will result in fingerprints on your pictures or misaligned pictures. EDIT: From FAQ: >What will the optional app do? We are creating iOS and Android apps that will allow you to get the most out of SnapJet's technology. The app will resize your photo and position for a perfect transfer to the instant film inside SnapJet. It will also adjust your screen brightness, communicate with SnapJet's hardware, allow you to add effects, and we might even include some cool hacks for SnapJet like multiple exposure ;) > It's completely free and we'll post the source code for all our hackers. There is no mention of using BT/BLE for Phone -> SnapJet. That's the big unanswered question, I like the idea but scanning seems dated and prone to issues (especially since I have a larger phone that wouldn't fit in those corner guards). Ideally I could get a BT/BLE-only model for cheaper but they won't be offering that. Best case it can scan or use the optional app to do BT/BLE transfer. Ok but my phone won't be able to fit flush with the scanner as the corner guards you have in your video/pictures would cause it to be 1/4" or so off the scanning surface. How do you account for that? Also I feel like phone cases are going to play hell with this. Let me start by saying I really like the idea of a portable color picture printer. That said the idea of scanning in a picture I have digitally to print it seems a roundabout way to approach this problem. A few google searches revealed this [0] which is a small printer made by Polaroid to do just that (Note: it's a little older and does not work with iPhone but does work with some Android phones). It's $130 (not though Amazon and not prime) and has 4.5 stars (I skimmed the low reviews and I'd bet SnapJet would suffer from the same issues: battery life, picture quality, streaking after a few uses). It would appear that Polaroid is no longer in the stand-alone mobile printer business as they don't list the product on their site and it's only on reseller/auction sites now. I find it hard to believe that the team behind SnapJet can deliver a product as good for close to the same price as Polaroid. Also I'd bet that Polaroid had a good reason for pulling the plug on their mobile printers (Demand, quality issues, high printing costs, etc). This seems like a very high risk KS (not that there are a large number of "sure thing" KS projects but still). Lastly I see no mention of printing over BT/BLE which is the only reason I would buy it. [0] http://smile.amazon.com/Polaroid-CZA-20011B-Instant-Mobile-P... See my earlier reply on that sentence: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8654227 While this is no doubt very cool I want to point out that you cannot Post new stories or comments to a NNTP Server but rather you can read existing ones. This is Read-Only. The title is tiny bit misleading (not intentionally) in this regard. This looks really neat! Another Sequel Pro inspired client that was posted to HN recently was pgweb [0] which is open source that you all might want to check out as well. [0] https://github.com/sosedoff/pgweb This is a useless comment, I'm not saying Uber is ethical but saying "Ha, have you not been paying attention?" adds no value. I think artursapek poses a valid question to be answered with facts and sources not an off the cuff reply that expects everyone follows everything that happens. People have questions, why do you have to pretend they are stupid for not know every last detail? This is the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Just so I have this straight: - ISP's refuse to increase peering to solve congestion issues - ISP's further slow down Netflix traffic while in talks to have Netflix pay for faster lanes - Netflix caves and pays the ISP's to fix issues for consumers - Netflix is made out to be the bad guy "paying for fast lanes to beat out the competition" This whole thing stinks and the republican sounds like he doesn't know shit. So now we need to go after shop owners who pay protection money because by paying protection money and installing bullet proof windows (Open Connect) they are hurting the other store owners who don't have bullet proof windows and haven't paid out to the mob???? What fucked up logic do you have to use to get to this point? While in HS and for 4-5 years after I ran a simple http proxy (Just enter the address you want to go to and it loads it on the server then serves up the page) for my fellow students. It was far from perfect and didn't work with a number of websites but it gave a great deal of access to content that was otherwise inaccessible. I had a couple teacher come to me to ask how to use it so they could use youtube videos in class (educational). I wrote code for my HS and so to prevent being blocked I just hosted the code on the same server (that I owned and paid for) on a subdomain of the site I wrote for the school. They couldn't block the domain (they couldn't figure out how to block just a subdomain) and they couldn't block the IP. That worked for about a year until I graduated and then I transferred all the code to the school and they ran it on an internal machine and stopped using the URL which got blocked soon after. I still had siblings in HS and MS so I just bought 5 .info domains (dirt cheap, like $2/each and a further discount b/c I bought 5 at a time) and named them all after popular songs (The thinking being kids remember song lyrics/title easily). I then would text the mirror URL to my siblings and they would distribute them to their friends and I would also post 1-2 of the URLs on the site itself with a reporting tool to let kids let me know when a mirror they were using was blocked. The site was not only a proxy but also hosted a couple thousand flash games (all custom PHP that I wrote at the time). The ad revenue from the games covered all my hosting costs for this site and other ones I was working on and covered the buying of new domains every few months when I had exhausted the old ones. I had the opposite encounter with the administration though. The games were the main focus and kids were just starting to get into FB/Twitter and the admin knew me because of the programming I had done for them and so didn't care. Kids would get in trouble for playing games when their work wasn't done (as they should) but (most) teachers didn't care if they kids played games as long as they had their work done. This story isn't super related to the linked one but I felt it was in the same vein and wanted to share. I also used SOCKS proxies out to a server I owned and booted off an external USB HD so I didn't have to deal with the locked down computers and never had an issue (though I didn't rub either in the admin's face). Can you expand on that? At the surface that seems highly incorrect. Of course OC boxes cache Netflix, they built them. I didn't see anything about other cache boxes not caching Netflix content. Ok, quoting someone who has no clue what they are talking about is useless. I can say the sky is red but that doesn't make it true. I feel like I'm reading the article to you, but OK. > We asked Pai's office to provide further details and sources for the claims in the letter and received a partial response. Pai's office provided us links to three articles describing Netflix's refusal to join the newly formed Streaming Video Alliance, but no sources for the "fast lanes" claim or the accusation that Netflix changed its streaming protocols to prevent "open caching software" from working. If I were Netflix I wouldn't join that alliance either, have you seen the members?? It would be like China, North Korea, and Russia creating a "Freedom Alliance" and then calling out the USA for not joining it claiming they must hate freedom. A name means nothing (Citizens United anyone?) and I don't trust this SVA as far as I can throw them. Pai has either been horribly mislead or is purposely spewing lies. Anyone can make outlandish claims which is EXACTLY what Pai is doing here. Netflix has had Open Connect around for MUCH longer than the SVA existed yet Pai tries to phrase it as the SVA asked Netflix to join, Netflix said "Fuck you" and went and created OC with the intent to give their data an edge. That's NOT what happened at all. Netflix has been fighting this peering stuff for quite some time and developed OC as possible workaround. It's not Netflix's job to provide an open caching system they everyone can use and further more even if they had the ISP's would have still told them to go jump in a lake. I have used Lyft probably close to 25 times (Is there a place I can see my ride history other than CC statements?) and only used Uber once so I won't try to compare the two but I will say this about Lyft: Lyft was the first ride-share program to come to my city and I was a little disappointed as I had spent over a year hearing about how awesome Uber was. This feeling quickly disappeared after my first Lyft ride. It was so completely different than any taxi ride I had ever taken that I was taken aback. The whole process was super smooth and it really does feel like getting a ride from a friend. One of the parts I hated most about taxi's was paying at the end because they don't take CC's where I live (or if they do they hide the CC terminals) and so I always had to pay in cash and would often over tip (by rounding up to the nearest bill I had) just to get the ride over with faster. With Lyft I find myself wanting the ride to keep going and I genuinely enjoy talking to every Lyft driver I have ever had. I don't think I have ever had a conversation with a taxi driver that wasn't forced or awkward. I get that a lot of people don't drive for Lyft as their main job (as do taxi drivers) and so it may be easier for them to be talkative and upbeat but it really does make all the difference. I gush about how much I love Lyft to all my friends and now they all use it and similarly love it. Everytime Lyft comes up in conversation everyone will talk about how great it is and how they love to use it. Uber is now in my city but as I said I only used it once and I won't even begin to try to compare the experiences because the data set is way too small (hell, 25 rides with Lyft is probably too small as well). But from what I have seen from the outside looking in it's much more "professional" (I don't say that as a good thing) and buttoned up. I love how laid back Lyft drivers are and after reading this blog post it appears that Lyft as a company is this way as well. I wish Lyft the best of luck and will always try to get a Lyft driver before I fall back on Uber. That is interesting. I would bet that Uber/Lyft are not homogenous across the US (or other other countries for that matter) but it may also come down to the fact that I am normally very open even with strangers. I feel awkward when there is silence and I won't fill it with awkward talking but I still don't like it. This is one of the big reasons I don't like taxis, I don't know how best to explain it but I guess the best way is I feel like I'm being rude if I just get in the car, tell them where I want to go, then stay silent the whole ride. I may be alone, or in the minority, for this but yeah... I also love to talk so that's why I quite like the Lyft friendly, sit-in-the-front-seat experience. Thanks for chiming in with your experience! I'd like to hear what other people have to say about this as well. I use, and have been very happy with, the Chrome extention HackerNew https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hackernew/lgoghlnd... I can fully understand not liking Grunt, it's configuration is impossible to read and doesn't make a ton of sense to me. Gulp on the other hand is VERY easy to read and I haven't have any issues with my colleagues adding/editing the gulpfile. Is running `gulp jshint` similar to running `jshint .js`? yes but this is not a fair comparison. First of all one of those can be run in the root of the project while the other needs to be run in the right location (or have the folder in the path) so that we don't jshint libs we didn't write. Also the author glosses over the fact that people rarely run `gulp *` and in fact will run `gulp build` (or similarly named task) that will call ALL of the other tasks you need to run. Also the author doesn't mention how wonderful `gulp watch` (or similarly named task) is for watching files for changes and then running tasks when certain files change. I can tell you with 100% certainty that without gulp we would not be jshint-ing our code, we probably will still be using regular CSS and not SASS (SCSS-style), would still have a large gross master.js file instead of multiple js files with logic cleanly separated out, etc. Could we use make? Yes but having worked at a company that used make to build various parts of their web app I can tell you that this get really gross really fast, feel free to disagree with me but after seeing how bad it can get I won't touch make for web projects again. Gulp (I won't argue for Grunt, I don't like it at all) is easy to write and easy to read and running the programs/tasks Gulp does for us individually would have been a non-starter. As far as npm/make goes it would have been harder to do everything we are doing and I'm not even sure `gulp watch`-type features would have been possible without escalated privileges to install other software. Forgive me for asking a stupid question but why would someone from the LOT network sell a patent to a troll and why wouldn't companies that make money from selling to a troll join the LOT network? Am I blind or does the article linked in relation to the DDOS attack by Sony not mention DDOS at all? I found did this: http://www.zdnet.com/article/sony-strikes-back-at-data-thiev... and this: http://www.zdnet.com/article/amazon-denies-sony-counterattac... that mentions the DDOS attack. I remember before Netflix and Amazon when it was: DVD or Torrent and this image came out: http://craphound.com/images/ifurapirate.jpeg That was about stuffing promo's and ads in before the movie but this feels very similar. You can get a better experience by getting a torrent over streaming legally. I pay for Amazon and Netflix but I will still download content from time to time that I can get on them (for no additional cost) because I can get a better experience: no buffering, no quality yo-yo-ing as network speeds fluctuate, no ads, reliable watched status (Using Plex, this is more an issue with Amazon which keeps track of your position in a video but doesn't have watched/unwatched status so it's sometimes hard to pick up in a series where you left off). Spotify (IMHO) is a great example of a level of service/features (even at a price) beating piracy. I'm still waiting on the "Spotify of TV" (Or movies) and no I don't think it exists out there yet. I would be all over Hulu expect I refuse to pay for a service AND see ads. I would rather pay $20/mo and not see ads then pay the $10/mo and see them. Almost as bad as having to see ads in the first place the ads on Hulu are painfully repetitive at times. > Do people flock to torrents? No one I know does. I know quite a few people who use torrents (or usenet) as their primary source of TV. Combining Plex + Sabnzbd + Sickbeard you get a internet DVR with little to no maintenance once setup (other than adding more capacity as/if needed). They all have a hulu-like (next day) experience, they get it in HD, and there are no ads. Legit delivery for music has crossed the threshold but video has not. You still have to use multiple services to watch everything you want. For your setup? Yes, legit tv is easier. Using Sickbeard (Usenet or torrent version) will give you a DVR-like experience with the shows auto-downloading, unziping/unraring, and moving into a defined folder structure 1-24hrs after the show airs. If we've heard this argument once we've heard it a million times. Of course you don't need jQuery but unless you are writing an internal-only app and plan on writing everything from the ground up (all your auto-completes, multi-selects, etc) then you do need jQuery. I am not a fan of a lot of the code that I've seen written with jQuery but jQuery itself is not evil anymore than PHP is evil because people do stupid stuff with it. If you use jQuery correctly it is an invaluable tool that makes your like 100x easier. Event handling alone, I want to puke when I see the default way to do this, way too much typing, way too verbose. If I had to write that multiple times a day then I would probably create a helper function to abstract it away and I'd be on my way to building my own jQuery. No thank you, I'll take the one that's battle-tested and maintained. I'm getting sick of seeing this argument, if you work in a bubble then sure, be my guest (I'll be laughing at all the extra typing you will be doing) but if you plan on deploying your code to the real world? Just use jQuery and save yourself a headache. Please remind me again why we spend BILLIONS on Intel, let them trample our rights, and operate in complete darkness? Oh yeah it's to prevent... Oh, well, uh.... What use is the FBI/CIA/NSA/etc good for if the same attacks happen regardless of how much money we funnel their way? I couldn't care less about this movie, I might have watched it when it came out on DVD but pulling it from theatres because of threats from an unknown entity? Even if it's from NK that's an even bigger reason to ignore it. This is a dangerous precedent we are setting when a threat can stop a movie from getting released. We are caving to terrorism (this is probably one of the first times ever "we are letting the terrorists win" actually fits the situation) of an unknown entity. If you haven't already go to this link (Probably need to be logged into Amazon): https://smile.amazon.com/gp/charity/change.html?ie=UTF8&ref_... And select EFF as your Smile charity. THEN get the browser extension to automatically redirect you to the Smile link: Chrome: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/smile-always/jgpmh... Firefox: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/amazonsmilere... EDIT: I only use the chrome extension, if someone has a better FF extension just let me know and I'll change the link, that was the first one I found. It's called taxes, and don't worry, you are already a BIG donor. I know it's not a magic bullet but it's something. That said, I strongly suggest donating to the EFF directly as well (or better yet on a repeating schedule as it lets them plan better). Link for those interested: https://smile.amazon.com/gp/charity/change.html?ie=UTF8&ref_... Not to mention the "Black Budgets" that undoubtedly fund the NSA and friends. Without the Oxford comma I read that as SiriusXM being "a religion and a biotech for starters", I was pretty confused until I red the article and realized my mistake. > She said they had been downloading a game since 09:00 GMT - and by 23:40 it was still not ready. > "He has spent most of the day in tears," she said. > "He says it's been his worst Christmas ever. > "I think Xbox should compensate us all." ... Grow up and teach you kid not to act like a baby, this is how you raise a spoiled brat. I got an XBone for Christmas and it still hasn't finished downloading the game that came in the bundle. Am I mad? Yeah, and a little annoyed but tomorrow or the next day everything will be back to normal so I got over it and just hung out with my family (God forbid you do that instead of play video games all day). Also can we stop calling DDOS's "hacks", there is no "hacking" going on, no unauthorized internal network access, no leaking of private data. Sony WAS hacked by GOP, but Sony and MS are being DDOS'd not hacked. Let's call this what it is and not put it on the same level as what GOP did to Sony (or what hackers did to Sony that took down PSN a few years back). This is temporary and will cause no long-term damage. This will be practically forgotten within a week (Just like the WoW DDOS's that happened around the WoD launch). I think we can all agree that games that don't need online should be playable but that's a seperate issue. We can gather our pitchforks on that issue if we want but the DDOS isn't PSN/XBLive's fault... No, I'm going to trash his parents for raising a spoiled brat. Let me reiterate, this is temporary, this will pass, it will be back to normal before this kids Christmas Break is over. Does it suck? Yes, but the parents should not tolerate this behavior. They just spent a considerable amount of money on this kid's Christmas and he cries because he has to wait 1-2 days??? Sounds like he isn't old enough to own an Xbox One to me.... In an ideal world they shouldn't but this world is far from ideal. There is no silver bullet to DDOS attacks, if there were you can bet companies would be using it. I use this as well (The zero version) but I wonder if there are any performance hits from doing this. I would think not but I've had sites (on desktop and mobile) lock up while waiting for something to load. Most of the time I assume this is some scrolling or "navigation" plugin that hasn't loaded yet (and not ads) but I'd love to read an analysis on hosts vs adblock vs µBlock. Good job cherry picking that ticket! Also right in your comment "first page with 198 stars", let me direct you to the title of this post "Many Android bugs with 500+ stars closed as obsolete on December 25". 198 !>= 500, if YOU ACTUALLY EVEN LOOKED at what these requests are you would see a number of them are VERY relevant: * iCal .ics support ( https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=1257 ) * Phone burning battery while idle ( https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=22878 ) * API to access in-call audio ( https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=2117 ) * Unable to connect to hidden SSID ( https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=1041 ) * Allow longer SMS ( https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=2318 ) > If they are still relevant a year later maybe you should go through and do something productive like creating a new issue with updated details. I wouldn't be surprised at all if the people filing these bugs or replying to them just gave up after waiting multiple years and switched to a custom ROM that does address the issue or even switched OS's. I think that's the real problem. A tool designed to help you determine what is chewing up your battery seems to be fundamentally broken and is not being addressed. I knew a German exchange student in HS that said he learned a lot of his English from watching US TV and having the German subs until he could understand spoken English well enough then he switched to the English subs to get better at reading it as well. I've l've always considered trying to grab some TV shows with foreign audio tracks and English subs and giving it a go. The problem is a lot of the TV I "watch" is in the background while doing something else. Never EVER tell them what you are currently making. They don't deserve that information and it puts you in a very bad spot for negotiations. If they make you give them a number take your previous salary and bump it up but 10K+ or 10%+. If they ask for pay stubs then kindly refuse saying that you are not allowed by your former employer to share those documents. I also always tell them I am willing to take $X (Where $X is 10K+ more than your previous salary) but that would make this a lateral move for me so I want $X+$Y (Where $Y is ANOTHER 10-20K) to take the job. At worst they say "No, but we can start you at $X with a renegotiation at 3-6 months based on your performance". Instant raise plus the promise of re-opening negotiations down the line. Also remember that no matter what they say make sure you have the schedule for when re-negotiations will take place and try to get it to less than 1yr (especially for the first re-negotiation). Ideally you would get: Initial -> 3-6mo's -> every 6mo's but you can settle for Initial -> 3-6mo's -> every year. NEVER take a job making less or the same as your previous job, moving companies is the BEST way to get a raise. Even if you feel the need to get away from a bad company don't take less. Have you tried apps like Duolingo? I personally have not tried them (past 1-2 days of playing around) but I have friends that speak highly of it. How does this compare to Base[0]? I bought and have been using Base for years and it's been awesome. Granted I don't do much sqlite work so Base may be a little "simple" but I don't see much in SQLite Pro that rivals what it offers. [0] http://menial.co.uk/base/ I applaud the author for figuring out how and blogging about how to get away without using jQuery but I'll say the same thing I said last time I saw one of these posts: > If we've heard this argument once we've heard it a million times. Of course you don't need jQuery but unless you are writing an internal-only app and plan on writing everything from the ground up (all your auto-completes, multi-selects, etc) then you do need jQuery. > I am not a fan of a lot of the code that I've seen written with jQuery but jQuery itself is not evil anymore than PHP is evil because people do stupid stuff with it. If you use jQuery correctly it is an invaluable tool that makes your like 100x easier. > Event handling alone, I want to puke when I see the default way to do this, way too much typing, way too verbose. If I had to write that multiple times a day then I would probably create a helper function to abstract it away and I'd be on my way to building my own jQuery. No thank you, I'll take the one that's battle-tested and maintained. > I'm getting sick of seeing this argument, if you work in a bubble then sure, be my guest (I'll be laughing at all the extra typing you will be doing) but if you plan on deploying your code to the real world? Just use jQuery and save yourself a headache. Thanks for the quick reply, I'll be sure to check it out! I might be missing something basic but how do you get the graph to display? I can't seem to find a way to "expand" a site. I can see users/sessions but no graphs. No problem, looking forward to it. I disagree, none of my friends use WhatsApp and I've never heard them mention it. It's all about group texts or FB chat groups. (I am 23) GroupMe was awesome when group SMS was shit but it's gotten much better and since everyone is one FB chat that's used more in my circle of friends. I have a few GroupMe conversations but a number have moved to FB Chat and the ones left are just a few holdouts. Not too sure about that. All of my friends (I'm 23) have FB and while we all more or less hate it we wouldn't dream of not being on FB. It's the best way to connect with someone you meet (through friends, at a bar, etc) and you don't have to ask for a number. Just friend request, chat a little bit and if it works out swap numbers and move to SMS. Like your parent said I see FB as "essential social plumbing", not the most glamorous or best but a necessity and way to connect to people before you go "off FB" to another app or SMS to chat/interact. The only reason I "post" to FB is b/c my Twitter posts to FB. I rarely use Twitter except from trying to get companies attention after having them ignore support requests or not having any other support at all. Multiple times I've used a websites/app's built in ticketing system only to get no response. A pissed tweet a couple days later and I've got a response within the hour... The squeaky wheel... Please forgive me, I'm not saying no one used WhatsApp but that people in my age group, with similar socioeconomic status, that I regularly hang out with and talk to don't use it. WhatsApp is great for overseas talk and its ability to run on literally any phone but the vast majority of my friends have iPhones and the ones that don't have higher-end android phones so WhatsApp was never the "only" option for us and we gravitated to other networks. Also understand that I am FULLY aware that I do not represent my age group nor do I represent even the "average" "young" person. I represent a small demographic but I wanted to give my views from that position. I am not talking about the future, I'm talking about right now, at this moment. I can't predict the future but I can give my view point from this point in time and that's what I've done. I'm sorry that's not good enough for you. > I honestly don't understand why they'd be lying in this case If they already wanted to slap NK with more sanctions this gave them an easy way to do it. Some high ranking US/FBI official: "Let's just say NK attacked us, no one can prove it, no one will listen to NK if they dispute it, AND it looks like a win for US/FBI out-hacking the hackers. After all can't we all agree NK is bad so what if we lie about this hack we are serving the GREATER GOOD by doing so..." I thought the site was really cool when it launched which looking back seems pretty naive. Nowadays I see is a way to make people think they have a say in something that they don't and way for the WH to pick and choose petitions to respond to that already align with their stance on things. So in short it's a PR machine for the WH and a blackhole for citizens. It's still listed on their API docs: https://dev.twitter.com/overview/api/response-codes Here is the non-mobile (and from what I can tell, original) article: http://iamjwal.com/the-tough-decision-to-leave-the-classroom... I work on software that, among other things, runs a call center and I've been getting requests to do something like this in real time so that we can communicate with our users that don't speak english (We have agents who speak other languages but they wanted a fallback for when they weren't there). I told them real-time was still a little bit out (even with this as an API it would take time to integrate). This is really exciting though and I look forward to the day that we can do this will little to no lag and talk to people who don't share a language in common. I know a lot of people here will defend RS for selling phones/plans because "They had to" but it marked the LAST time I set foot in a RS when I went to buy some parts I needed and they tried to sell me a Voyager because "It was better than an iPhone" (Verizon's "iPhone" they released soon after the iPhone released). From that moment on I have just ordered what I wanted online. That coupled with the fact that they stopped staffing with people who knew anything at all and instead staffed them with people who could sell more phones. With the norm nowadays using JS frameworks on the front-end I would expect more and more search engines to use things like PhantomJS to "scrape" the page. If you decide to reject traffic like this isn't there a good chance your SEO will fall? I agree, I was speaking more on trying to block crawlers that look like browsers in general, sorry that wasn't more clear. This covers what I see as one of the biggest reasons for stopping the collection: It simply does not work. We are "winning" the war on terror just like we are "winning" the war on drugs in that we aren't making a dent at all and some argue that our actions in both fields actually spur on the exact activities they are meant to curb/destroy. Don't get me wrong, I don't trust them with the data in the first place but even if I did it's been proven again and again that our privacy is being invaded and no positives are coming out of it. The NSA would have a much stronger position if it was "Yes, you have no privacy but there is also no terror" instead we have no privacy and terror attacks abound. Came here to say about the same thing. For regular reading I don't care the medium but will pick ebook most of the time so that I have it everywhere I go and can read a chapter or two in the waiting room on my phone and pick up on my tablet later that night. For text books I have yet to see a good digital interface to them, mainly due to not being able to quickly jump between sections/pages. Maybe an interface where I can "cut" out parts of pages and organize them all on a digital corkboard is closer to what I imagine as "the best" way but still I'd pick book over ebook. The one other thing I will say is that I did get ebooks instead of textbooks a number of times in college because it was cheaper and I was told ahead of time that we either never or rarely use the book (but had to prove we got it or lose points in the class). In at least 1 case yes, possibly more. Since this links to a general page on the bill: > SEC. 2201. COOPERATION OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROVIDERS WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT. [0] > It is the sense of Congress that providers of electronic communications services and manufacturers of electronic communications service equipment shall ensure that communications systems permit the government to obtain the plain text contents of voice, data, and other communications when appropriately authorized by law. [0] http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/F?c102:1:./temp/~c102LGb... : Downloaded it, set it up, paid for backgrounding, tested walking away and coming back and it all worked perfectly. Went to go get lunch came back and wouldn't unlock, had to enter password manually. I then had to unpair my phone (from the desktop app) and re-pair to get it to work again. Hopefully the second time is a charm... Also the app asked me to pay again for "Pro" though didn't charge me... I can't edit my above message so I will reply. DO NOT BUY THIS APP. I have a MBPr (late 2013) and an iPhone 6+, I might understand if I was using older hardware but I'm not. EVERY time I walk away for more than 5 minutes or so the app "forgets" the computer and will not unlock it. If you open the app it wants to walk you through pairing again. I am very disappointed as I paid for pro as well and this does not work as advertised. This is EXTREMELY unreliable, not only is it's distance measurement way off (to be expected, BT wasn't designed as sonnar) but the app "forgets" your computer after being away for ~5 minutes. YES, I paid for pro and YES, I allowed it to run in the background. When I come back to my computer not only does it not unlock but the phone apps wants to walk me through pairing again. Do not waste your time/money on this app. It may have a nice UI but it simply doesn't work! I've used Knock before and while ultimately I settled on using Alfred (app launcher+) to lock my computer it worked leaps and bounds over this app. I live in Lexington, Kentucky so there is a chance these findings don't match up with Lexington however from my personal experience I can say that this rings very true. Putting aside ease of use (both for hailing and paying) of Uber/Lyft over traditional taxis just the fact that I know Uber/Lyft will show up and show up fast is huge. I don't think I've ever waited more than 10 minutes for a Uber/Lyft whereas taxis have been all over the place, some have shown up on time but the vast majority take forever. That coupled with being able to track where they are make Uber/Lyft the clear winner in my book. I just request a ride when I'm 5-10 away from being ready and I can watch their progress and walk out as they pull up. No taxi experience has come close. Your link to Ajour at the end of the article is broken. Link should be to: https://github.com/gopatrik/ajour as your link to to your main github page and is missing the " http://" and so it's getting appended on the end of your post URL. This is a pretty neat hack! Unfortunately it won't work with my setup of NVAlt [0] (OS X) and Simplenote [1] (iOS). I've got NVAlt hotkey'd so I can bring it up anywhere and use it as a scratch pad all the time that I know will be synced to my phone immediately, the problem being it doesn't use iCloud but rather simplenote's syncing solution, I'd wager to bet that I could do something similar that edits NVAlt's local storage and see if it's auto-synced as well (I bet it is). Let me start off by saying I am a Backblaze customer and I LOVE these posts and use them as my bible for buying drives for my NAS/Media Server. With that said this is going to sound a little nitpicky but why isn't the publication date anywhere on this article? I've noticed a growing number of blogs not putting the publish date anywhere on the blog page which makes it really hard to know if what they say is still valid. In this case you can infer from the dates of the drives they tested that it was published in 2015 but a number of blogs don't have those clues in the blog to let you know when it was posted. Normally you can look at the URL to see the date but BB uses slugs off /blog/ so you can't get the date from there either. Thanks! You guys rock, I love your posts and product. Can someone explain why it would only be free for the first year? To spur adoption? It just seems like more trouble than it's worth to start charging people for it sometime in the future. As someone with 8x3TB Seagate's I feel your pain. My new build will only use 4TB+ Seagate's or HGST (But they are pricey). I would love to be able to cache websites to my server and access them in the event the site goes offline. I've tried a number of things like wget to "offline" a website and had mixed success. Does anyone know of a proven way to do something like this? (I'd even settle for no images a la google archive/cache but pulling images and scripts would be a huge win) I'm younger but I can already see link-rot destroying my bookmarks. I now use (and pay) for pinboard.in however I'd like a way to do it myself. I've considered writing a chrome plugin to send url's I visit over to a process running on my server to archive it (with the ability to black/whitelist domains) but haven't found a way to do it yet the works reliably (I'd also probably need to send a copy of my cookies for auth sites). What we consider "decent" today is not always "decent" tomorrow and things like personal blogs go down all the time or change their URL structure. Also not everyone has a community/family that will keep their work online after they are gone and I don't want to lose content because someone's hosting lapsed after their death. Looking back I wish I had archived some of the forums that I used as a kid as a number of them are just gone, no wayback machine, no cache, no archive, just gone. Sidenote: I'd love to work or just use on a service that can will allow for community funding of both hosting/domain reg so that you could add a widget on your site and have it stay online even after your death as long as people donate, maybe even make the site static if no one can pay and use proceeds from other sites to float the cost. There is a chance that you could die and your close friends/relative would either not have the access (password/key) or technical know-how to keep your site online even if they had the funds to do so Here is a clip [0] from the press briefing when the “I’m just curious, was ‘Charlie Bit My Finger’ or ‘David After Dentist’ not available?” Quote happened. The full video (queued to the same point as the first clip) can be found here [1] (there are a couple other comments made not in the first clip). [0] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PyTkZDDk-hY [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkNm0AKCVGI&list=PLRJNAhZxtq... > Seems quite legitimate and essential in ordinary cases Is it though? I am of the mind that I am okay with making law enforcement's job harder if it means more transparency and the assumption of privacy for citizens. I'd rather a couple of criminals go free than that we secretly invade the privacy of one innocent person. People have a right to know when their personal data is being examined by law enforcement IMHO. Again this isn't saying they can't get access to the person's email but that the person IS notified when it happens. > But we need a robust court system that will restrict gag orders to legit things, rather than suppressing dissent. You mean another rubber stamp FISA court?