To use English seemed to be easier than to use native language. First you know your native language. Then you need to learn programming. Programming uses symbols which don't make sense - except as concepts in programming. So you just learn that "while" is a loop with condition, and "print" makes letters appear on the screen. "While" doesn't, for example, associate with time, only with condition; "print" doesn't evoke images of a printing machines, newspapers or anything else. No semantic confusion whatsoever; to the contrary, if that would be written in the native language, it would immediately bring associations, which may be unwanted. A few comments to above. Some words are already used in the language, so, knowing how a certain combination of English letters is pronounced, one still gets some associations. "Function" is a rather international word, for example (brought into English from another language?). Next, learning first some programming helps with learning later English itself. For many words first associations remain related to computers; e.g., "performance" (though not widely used in programming languages, but it is used in technical manuals) is first for a processor, not for an actor on the scene. In pure functional programming, so well mentioned in some PG's articles, you have only functions - no numbers. You can make numbers from functions, though. Then, you may have a basis - a set of functions which are sufficient to represent arbitrarily complex algorithm, i.e., Turing complete set; see here - http://dkeenan.com/Lambda/ . Such a set may consist from only one function. So, the whole program is a structure of calling that function. Writing down such a program, we obviously don't need to write the function - it comes by default; we only need to write the structure, which can be represented by ( and ) . In a different way, than what I see here, but still - one bit per parenthesis, very simple processor, lots of memory and lots of steps for simple operations - a Turing tarpit... Just last week I've practiced "I don't understand" again. Now I don't particularly like jeopardizing my position at work, but looks like that question wasn't met well. A manager running the meeting (plans for next year) frowned upon a person who seems to be not understanding what he was talking before. In retrospect, I might missed some explanations - didn't quite get them at the time he gave them, possibly didn't pay enough attention - but that was the reason for my question! The matter was important to "get". Hard to say if the annoyance was justified... but the result is this question may also backfire, even if it shouldn't. Idiots include also that vocal part of population longing for - and getting - Nobel prizes. One ought to realize how different SU was in 20s, 50s, even 70s from Russia today. People in SU thought about themselves and their country very similarly as it is in US now - the most progressive country, and of course, the smartest and overall best people. Little doubt about that. Tokens were much more serious then - in US one says "if you smart, you should be rich", in SU it was "if you're good, you can perhaps show an Order" - and they weren't easy to get. Imagine the life in the South, pictured in "Gone with the wind", without slavery - because almost everybody was in the same conditions - and stimulus responses will be different. Again, what use would be for a pile of cash in SU? Not much - you can't buy proportionally, since the whole economy is targeted to "regular people", and you'd get people looking at you funny pretty soon. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_Constitutional_Conventi... GA144, from Green Arrays, is a chip which is very good for space applications - computational power, energy efficiency, predictability, versatility, radiation tolerance... Yet after a year and a half on the market there is still no sensible C compiler for it. I doubt "C is as close as you can get to WYSIWYG" is always entirely correct. You bet. The problem of getting to orbit was solved "somehow" in 1950's, with emphasis on reliability, then terminal control optimized the result some decades later, when the hardware became available... But the basic task is still way below capabilities of even modest modern computers. Space X may afford to have quite a bit of redundancy. J is one of the underappreciated gems among programming languages. Everybody talks about languages which are Lisp successors, but when it comes to shortening the path from the thought to the code, J gives something to pause and think about. I did, almost twice. First time it was a home-grown layer on top of the DBMS (MS SQL Server at the time). After an investment we've got a requirement to switch to Oracle. We anticipated that (or something like it) when designing the system, so it went smoothly. Second time it was using MySQL from Sun workstations, with the idea of eventually switching to Oracle. That's why "almost" - we knew about the requirement in advance, so we didn't create hard dependencies on MySQL. Yet we didn't constantly test our system vs. Oracle either. Admittedly the latest of these happened more than 10 years ago. Among other things NK-33 has completely redesigned turbopump comparing to NK-15. The pump believed to be the major cause of problems with NK-15. According to "3. Deficient research skills / Chronically poor knowledge of the platform's features", "Re-inventing or laboring without basic mechanisms" is a bad thing. I don't think so. I routinely work on a carefully chosen subset of a (big) language/platform, having benefits of such an approach - both immediate (stable compilers, proven patterns) and long-term (better maintainability by somebody who's not an expert in all facets of the language/platform). One of the tricks is to have what you're doing - or what you're going to do - really small. This way you don't have enough time to become bored. For this approach to work, you need to be able to split meaningful projects into still somewhat meaningful, fun enough but small subprojects. Another thing is that for many projects you're starting it understanding that you won't finish it - in one piece of time. You're going to start, progress, reflect on it, do some more - then put it on the shelf for a while. And this is ok. This allows you to actually boldly start projects which you know you won't finish - again, in one chunk. For example, I also took several courses on Coursera etc. and dropped then after a couple of weeks. But they are still high in my priorities - as soon as I can/want/return to the same subject of interest, I come back to the courses, reading the material, watching videos and even doing homework. This at least allows me, when taking that course second time (if I need to - usually I don't, the primary reason is knowledge, not the certificate) to feel right at home. I'd say, don't throw away that list of ideas you developed while working on something - but check it, choose perhaps something out of it for the new list, may be you're still interested in some projects mentioned there. And... you still have to be persistent at times. Don't worry - it's a source of great feeling when you actually finish something non-trivial - and only you know how hard it was, and you really learned things from that - and you know you're better because of that. I wonder - why not to make an empty plastic shell similar to a human in form? Uncanny valley? Similarly, why now to make empty heads - possibly custom-made, for each person who's going to use the robot? May be it's a design question. The torso shouldn't be human-like, but the idea is to make it - less ugly, subjectively? - than a stick with an iPad on it. Yes, it somehow should avoid being confused with robot - so may be it shouldn't look like a stereotypical robot. I agree that everything has a price; the question is, is it justified by perceived improvement in looks. To me, a Segway with a stick looks odd, especially in a company of a few people walking somewhere. Something more resembling "a figure" could likely improve the perception. A head model could both make easier to realize who you're talking to - I guess this can be useful - and also improve overall looking. I agree that it's also not as easy - and reconfigurable - as just having an iPad. It seems to me there is a potential for improvements. See http://www.jsoftware.com/papers/tot.htm . Then you probably know that already. The link is rather for those who seeks tools "to work with the speed of thought". Different languages claim achievement of different grades of "if you can state the problem in the language, you're done", but APL family does that with its own flavor of elegance. Quite a direct story. And it's hard to find that line where further advancements suddenly become unwelcome. I guess the advice "know your limits" is what we have. "There are also no moving parts anywhere on Gaia. Even the antenna to communicate with Earth has been designed to point electronically, not mechanically." Good, but on the next line... "And if the satellite does need to make fine adjustments, it has been equipped with thrusters that can squirt just 1.5 micrograms of nitrogen gas a second." Is there really no moving parts on Gaia? Hmmm, they could try to use the Earth magnetic field for orientation; I guess the microthrusters were better... P.S. And saying "accuracy of about seven micro-arcseconds for the nearest stars" is a little bit inkorrect. Piezoelectric actuator still relies on a mechanical motion. It has to be - the idea of nitrogen nozzle is to have a storage of nitrogen under some pressure in a closed volume, and to be able to open that volume to let some gas out. That opening has to be mechanical - unless they use some exotic force fields to keep nitrogen from escaping, in which case it's hardly a (regular) nitrogen thruster anymore. Flexing is still a motion. That, however, can be compensated with an opposite motion in another gas channel. If other parts of satellite can bend on demand, they'd need an actuator or, alternatively, one can use Earth magnetic fields to reorient the spacecraft and let external forces affect it unevenly, thus providing bending. This, however, is outside of the scope of the article. So, to summarize - either secondary subsystems on Gaia are quite unconventional, or the article isn't quite precise. There is a saying in Russia that if you aren't satisfied with what government officials do, go and sue them. Mikhail Pukhov, "The way to Earth". https://kon-tiki.appspot.com/lunolet1/doc/package-summary.ht... Here is a cool screensaver about Buran: http://buran.ru/htm/scr_en.htm Western media is used to accuse Soviet system in technology copying. However sometimes the accusations go a little bit too far. Particularly in the aerospace area it would be naive to deny the Soviets their prowess - with Buran, which differs significantly from the Shuttle (see the article above), with Tu-144, which flew before Concord, not to mention today's half-broken Soviet-era technology which manages to lift about half of world space payloads to orbit and provides West with rocket technology - RD-180 for Atlas, NK-33 for Antares etc. How Tu-144 could be spied if it flew earlier? Buran was copied in shape and in overall capabilites, once on orbit, for the reasons mentioned. Buran wasn't copied both internally and on the launcher side - so we might say Buran copied some things, but had others originally developed. Soviets were great copiers, in many areas - and in many others there weren't where to copy from. They had to develop great many things themselves. I'd like to correct - Energia didn't have solid boosters; the four strap-ons were considered the first stage and burned LOX/kerosene in RD-170. RD-170 has 2 axis of thrust vectoring for each chamber, and RD-171 - the variant used in Zenit rockets - has 1 axis of thrust vectoring (the tangential one). You probably mean contributing in the dollar amount, but that's hardly the scale I'd choose to measure it by. To choose the shape, the easier path was taken: this one works, so let's safely do the same. That doesn't mean that the choice wasn't analyzed and justified, not that aerodynamic testing wasn't done - for examples, picture here - http://buran.ru/htm/history.htm - show the evolution of the overall architecture, where the Shuttle scheme was just one of the considered factors. That's the same with all planes, ships and cars in general. At a glance they all look the same. We're discussing which projects were original developments and which were follow-ons. The criteria you mention opens doors to wild speculation concerning shortcomings of very many projects on both sides of the Iron Curtain. Well, the point is that it's a common belief the thing A was stolen, not developed independently, and in practice for a state of the art technical achievement you usually already have to be pretty damn good just to be able to copy verbatim, not to mention to have substantial advantages. I won't say Concord was copied from Tu-144. Similarly, I wouldn't say soviet electronics was just a rip-off; there were enough original works even outside of the relatively well known BESM-6 project. Even to copy chips in 1980-s it takes you to have the necessary technology for reverse engineering - something I doubt any country ever had on that scale, at least at the time. Especially having more than one space station at the same time. There were Mir and Salut-7, with cosmonauts flying between them, and there were Mir and ISS - without such flights, since they were in the different orbital planes. I also happen to think the Soviet moon project was about 80% complete. No showable results, though - which allowed to deny the very existence of the project - but at least the hardware heritage is still there in the flying systems. I'm, of course, interested in arguments with some base to them. Wikipedia marks the section as "disputed" and mentions that stolen (if) were the preliminary designs. Again, you have to know a lot to have use of plans like that - especially when the design is a moving target. Yes, but also about Blok-D - the fifth stage of N1-L3 stack - being used on Proton and Zenit today for launching telecom sats to GEO, and also about Soyuz spacecraft - which got a lot of development in preparation for Moon flights. Remember Apollo-1. And also Energia is working on the PTK NP project. If you know the physical pixel density, SVG image can maintain its physical size on different devices. Now try to do that with PNG... I think PNG and SVG inherently solve somewhat different problems in the realm of image representation, so there are going to be cases where each of them has the clear upper hand. However, with pixel density going up and file sizes and network bandwidth not being the limiting factors in many cases, I'd guess SVG will command increasingly bigger share of uses. Hm, even more so than Mercury? You might be right, though; hard to judge. Both sides were definitely in a hurry with designs. Scott Adams can likely teach a robot to laugh. And to make jokes. Well done. Indium isn't a rare earth element, is it? I think winged spacecrafts will allow more reliable, and therefore economical flights. This one is particularly interesting, as the shape which flew in 1980's is still considered to be one of the most promising. This would make awesome reusable first stage for orbital launches. Provided, of course, other air launch problems could be solved. Are you sure that it isn't something somehow related to Facebook which makes those site to use Facebook login, and not, say, its own? I find strange the assumption that bytecode is bigger than the source. It's not true for many programs and many languages. Since we have interpretation phase anyway, it would be interesting to try to optimize for size and speed of interpretation or pre-compilation. I see the point; but I don't think it has enough justification. Something evolutionary successful isn't always globally perfect - rather it's most probable along the path from there to here. JavaScript may stay long with us. Or - as sometimes happens - it could be eclipsed in few years, as happened with technologies and paradigms before. Say, guessing correctly on technologies in use in 2000, sitting in 1990, would be quite hard. Not that "more direct approach" of defining bytecode and standardizing should always be better. With ideas disruptive enough many bets are off. Because the research will take a significant part of the project time. Once the thorough research is done - third-party libraries are verified (that they do what's needed, and not too buggy), prototypes are written (to confirm libraries and internal dependencies work as expected), proof-of-concepts are run (to actually see that it's possible for a reasonable effort), time is measured (to confirm the way to go), interfaces are clarified (as part of the research, specifically, in the architecture department), results are estimated (basing on all results above), specifications are formalized (and agreed upon) - there is an awful lot less of what to do. "Developer estimates are regularly off because they seldom impact the developer directly." I think I most disagree with this. Developers, in my experience, are quite often asked to leave the company after such estimates. It's good to have a template - it helps not to forget things - but it is inherent in the work to have unknowns. Large unknowns. A good consultant would probably refuse to work on a project which would require him to use several major technologies which aren't familiar to him, but developer in a company may not have such a luxury as selecting a kind of a project. If you're really good at estimates, try to play that you can keep not only the final delivery, but also the partial ones. Something like "you can be sure I'll get 100% done because you can check when 10% is going to be done". Sure it's not a guaranteed sale - and it's harder to keep both partial estimates and totals, comparing to only totals - but it's still something. Our experiences obviously differ. Usually it goes like this - the developer gives his best estimate (which is, by the way, hard by itself - a lot of things has to be taken into account), and that estimate is considered too high. So the developer is ordered - in one form or another - to, effectively, "do it faster". Often it's by cutting corners in places deemed least important - but then it also reduces probability of the correct estimate overall. One more thing - specifications are quite rarely are good enough - there are other reasons why that's the case - and the final result causes management to wonder, why it doesn't include this, of why that works this clumsy way. So nobody's happy - and developer pays the price. It may look as the developer isn't good at writing software... because "writing software" is a sort of encompassing figure. With a bit of tongue-in-cheek... 1. Data networks It's an open question of using WiFi as the universal carrier - we're not at that point yet; but it's not a question of using existing GSM networks. It's going to be hard for carriers to deny, after some point, minutes to paying customers. 2. The cost of entry - OS, cloud store, apps This happened time and again. Remember when Linux has appeared on the stage? Seen porting projects, like Wine, PetrOS, Mono? Realize that Android was built not from scratch, at least concerning interfaces? Second time is almost always cheaper - and in our times, by a wide margin. 3. Access to hardware components - need good hardware... No. I don't care much if the phone is 5 mm or 2 mm thick, 100 g or 250 g heavy - just like a word processor user doesn't care if letter appears on the screen in 10 ms or 90 ms after he hit the keyboard. At some point it becomes irrelevant, and competition shifts elsewhere. See Firefox phone as another example. 4. Retreat to the low end Yes, you see it. The fact that the product is a commodity doesn't mean it doesn't exist. 5. A disruptive UI It was surely a pain to switch from sleeky Nokia UI to strange future of IPhone, no? How about Sugar, from One Laptop Per Child project, which was done anew? 6. Be realistic? I certainly see a point in what you're saying; but don't you see the power of fashion - ones all important things are by default? As soon as changes become unimportant, returns dwindling and defaults good enough, attention goes to other things - a similar thing happened in automotive world, where a lot of customers buy not the functionality, but trendiness. I guess by everybody who doesn't actively object? It will require correspondingly more power, and then the mass of power supply will be a problem. Oh, it could be much worse. The first website of SpaceX was, IMO, with questionable design. I think the idea is you can work for anybody, but you should think what you're doing. If everything the company does is immoral, don't work for them at all. If not all is immoral, you can do what's moral. Usually it's a whole gray of shades. No, bothersome is the one above - that a police department chief is not about to turn down a free tank. If your police has such a mentality, you ought to be worried already. Agree. But it doesn't mean we shouldn't evaluate officials - especially elected ones - on their views. Now, what could be a workable approach... Voting is the evaluation I'm talking about. Of course it's biased :) . Systems and results are surely quite important but we still have individuals in the picture, so we want to pay attention to them as well. This is the only part of the article which seemed odd. Surely you benefit from ability to make a bunch of transformations in your head, without having to go to a computer? In other words, if computer in Distil does that kind of thinking which is necessary faster than the author - heck, if it can do that at all - I want to work in Distil. Still didn't get it? I'm definitely not talking about rot summation and multiplication. So, did stderr outlive its purpose? Why OR doesn't short circuit? Note that an R line of code can potentially be equivalent to many lines of C code - more frequently than the opposite. A great law hack, should I say? I think those problems don't have complete information. Air Traffic Control employs certain models of behavior of planes and air flows, which are not exact. Understanding of situation could be different among participants, so are actions. Driving Cars doesn't have information about all surroundings (say, behind the bush) - and definitely not about plans of other agents in the area. Logistics have to deal with uncertainties of transportation - you can't be sure a particular truck going through Oregon won't be delayed by a storm. Chess isn't a solved problem (checkers is). Imagine how nicely this problem - with machines gradually becoming better - would play out in a country resembling Soviet Union. In SU, everyone works for government, and salaries aren't too different. So, with greater and greater employment of robotics, salaries can gradually rise, and working hours gradually decrease - and the whole society gets benefits more or less at the same time. More money supports demand for products - to some extent - and more time allow to improve the quality of life - people devote more time to kids, to arts, to each other, to interesting ideas etc. Easy. Just make some problems getting the products of those automated enterprises to the market. Like, 90% tax. Poverty is a relative term. The article mentions that people compare their lives not to kings of the past, but to riches of the present. I think you're wrong. Spike nozzle has the spike which extends the whole length until flow from different sides converges. Aerospike is truncated but the circulating gas doesn't need to come from turbine; neither X-33 nor Spiral projects dropped turbine exhaust through the spike. The problem is not so much building as it is cooling small engines. Scaling works against you here. You can download a good simulating tool for liquid fuel rocket engines - http://www.propulsion-analysis.com/ - it will show how, when you're decreasing engine size and fuel flow it becomes not enough fuel to cool of the engine. Spike nozzle is particularly problematic around the throat, which has bigger area than for a regular bell-shaped nozzle. However, it may negatively impact your chances on an interview. You'd probably be wrong. Cultural fit may be important, and you don't want to get strange looks on an interview. At the same time the company still might be quite good - as in "early Google"-like good. True. However this mode isn't very useful when you need to lift something from Earth - or just to keep it in the air. Thank you. However, turbine exhaust can't provide much thrust - both flow and speed aren't large. So the spike nozzle doesn't get much thrust from turbine gases - yet it can get it from chamber gases. Government should really lose it's practical power on many matters. Examples: government officials actually should be very transparent, as in "they can't refuse they are constantly monitored by public". Legal opportunities for various kinds of "closed doors negotiations" should be sharply reduced, as in "closed door negotiations are only allowed in cases 1), 2) and 3)", for example, military, international talks. Many decisions involving specific actions are required to have the name of the decider, who is both required to be questioned by public and, if public decides, removed from the position (mechanism of decision is another matter). And of course all these questions have answers, so our smart future archaeologists will eventually dig it up. "Bread and circuses" calls are heard from millenia ago. Killing NASA is so hard perhaps because it's a pretty good circus. And Iran will stop its nuclear program. Hash tables were highly praised by Knuth as "the invention of the year". If we have binary search in the list, we should have hashes. The main problem with the elevator, in my opinion, for many years already is not in the strength of the material. After all, nanotubes are known for many years, and their properties are sufficient for the tether, so in principle it can be done. No, the main problem is with satellites. In fact, asking many times - what to do with existing or future satellites - I never heard a workable answer, even in principle. Just a reminder - every satellite crosses the equatorial plane twice for every rotation around the Earth. Majority of satellites are below the geostationary orbit. So, given enough time every satellite will hit the tether - and even if tether is near-zero width, the satellite isn't. One of ideas was to dynamically move the tether - from the Earth, making propagating wave along the tether, which would avoid the satellites. This means we need the good means of watching the space and predicting satellites movements - even small satellites can bring trouble. But that's not enough, we might get a situation when we need to perform conflicting movements, considering the current state of the wave. This problem is well known for decades. Attempts to launch satellites from the elevator - and the elevator makes it tantalizingly cheap, so we'll want to launch many - will exacerbate the problem. The whole world astronautics will have to adjust to accomodate the elevator - and nobody knows how it is going to look like. No. The elevator's tether is a continuous object of length at least 36 000 km, from atmosphere to geostationary orbit. Practically all satellites are flying within that range of heights. Proton rocket with DM booster and Zond - a version of Soyuz spacecraft, without the orbital module - was launched multiple times in 1960s. DM adds about 3 km/s deltaV. Baikonur latitude is 46N, to get to 39N one needs to change orbital plane for 7 degrees, sin(7)*8 km/s is about 1 km/s. So there could be some options there. Russia launched about a dozen Proton rockets a year at the time of Columbia disaster, two Soyuz spacecrafts and two-three Progress spacecrafts. Proton used to launch several Soyuz without Orbital Section, called Zond, in 1960s, with booster DM to fly around the Moon. DM adds about 3 km/s of deltaV. Orbital plane change for 7 degrees - between Baikonur's 46 and Columbia's 39 - takes sin(7)*8 km/s = 1 km/s. So technically it could be considered to launch (several) Progress ship(s) with necessary cargos to Columbia while three unmanned Soyuzes would be prepared and sent to the rescue. Soyuz approaches Columbia, gets caught by manipulator, astronauts use spacesuits from Soyuz - which have to be extracted from Soyuz first. ISS, meanwhile, had to be kept without ships, which means landing the crew, hopefully temporarily. All that could be considered. But I don't think anybody high in chain of command considered all of that necessary. > Actually it is far better to minimize the number of launches to complete any mission. Doubtful. To design a big rocket takes a lot of money - and big rocket doesn't get to be used as much as a smaller rocket sometimes, which makes it more expensive per flight. The opinions of Elon Musk aren't always perfect either. Certain technical decisions are made not because they are best, but because they are available - like, SpaceX just knows how to do that, and considers it expensive to learn the alternatives. Which is quite justifiable on economical grounds. Several big rockets already were built - and all struggled, more or less, with lack of payloads. First was Saturn-5 - and N-1 arguably was closed because there wasn't enough interest in it, in terms of payloads, for anybody involved. Then it was Energia - again, may be, should USSR survive, it'd still flew, but it was closed, while Proton and Zenit survived. Last was Space Shuttle - which was particularly expensive lately with not enough missions to justify its annual cost. So, with big rockets, it's doubtful that "build them, and they will be used" approach works. On the other hand, we really don't need big rockets that much anymore - we can do anything with existing rockets. It would be interesting to see how often Falcon 9 Heavy will be employed. Energia is long gone. RD-170 family is alive and well though. You'd still need a good sized hydrogen engine - a kind of SSME or RD-0120. But may be you just don't need too big of a rocket. 25 tons on LEO could be enough for everything, and you'll launch that often enough so a single launch won't be expensive. You can assemble stations, create orbital fuel depots, even make on-orbit manufacturing if you want something really big in one piece. Yes, there are problems. Soyuz could fly pretty close to Columbia, but to get to the bay could be tricky. It was not going to be a regular docking - but something for a saving mission. If Soyuz could be taken to the Columbia bay, an astronaut in the Columbia spacesuit could approach Soyuz and open the hatch. Spacesuits could be extracted from Soyuz without entering the spacecraft. Talk about ingenious ideas with rope, attached to the front hatch, etc. The Soyuz spacesuit then is delivered to inside Columbia, where somebody could wear it to get to Soyuz. > Knowing English is pretty much a prerequisite for programming. Emphatically no. You can be a brilliant programmer without knowing English. Of course, that doesn't say that knowing English somehow hurts. I've met many programmers smart enough to learn programming to expert levels despite not knowing English and having to rely on whatever was available in other languages - sometimes that was plenty, sometimes they had to reinvent algorithms. At the same time I know other good programmers who were faced with the problem of learning programming and English at the same time and succeeded at that. Education. I think a good target would be to diminish the effects of propaganda. That could be hard to do, actually - for example, Putin supporters point out many things done by and in USA as examples of what is supposedly "normal", and USA doesn't have nothing like stellar record lately - be it in human rights, surveillance, invasions etc. But education looks very important - especially if your goal not only to "fix the Ukrainian invasion problem", but also prepare for life after Putin - be it in two months or twenty years. This is indeed going to be the heaviest rocket in existence. SpaceX is truly pushing the envelope for the available launchers. I'd really appreciate if they's bring to market the F-9H. However saying that it's second only to Saturn V is incorrect - unless followed by words "in the USA". That's because ill-fated N-1 was bigger - and Energia with both successfull orbital launches was bigger as well, by the payload on LEO. Even Space Shuttle would be bigger, if you'd count by liftoff weight. That's kinda interesting - the picture in the article mentions existing launchers and Space Shuttle, which doesn't fly anymore, and that's understandable - people can compare to familiar things. But to conclude that it's second only after Saturn V... I guess SpaceX marketing department isn't very concerned with how misleading their statements are :) . Come on, SpaceX - you don't need those exagerrations, you're good as you are - don't spoil your image trying to artificially look better. Missing the mark. It's Snowden's problem, not blessing, that he had to choose Russia - with all latest developments there. Unfortunately for Snowden, there is no better place for him - or at least he can't get there from where he is now. I don't think US should really boast their record on these matters here. I guess, if you live in an oppressive regime and have to use whatever means are available, you get a good training. Alternatively, if the society is comparably more free and you don't use your rights, you tend to forget about them - why, most of the time it works by default. But when suddenly something doesn't work - you don't know what to do. Compare to approaches Russian opposition is taking. They have to know law, often know (much) better than judges which don't follow the law anyway - but at least the opposition reasoning and their logical constructions could be heard. I guess, not anymore - state-controlled media isn't going to provide objective coverage of "criminals" in courts. You don't get a more impressive list because these are the only remaining sources. The rest are suppressed - by various means. Echo of Moscow could be the last - and might be closed not because it's oppositional but just because it's more balanced than government-influenced media. One can just wait - dictatorial approach always becomes clear, as the people's life suffer, but it takes time to distinguish propaganda from reality. The hope is this time it wouldn't take that long. However there should be reasons to change the society faster - and that requires efforts. Actually, soft force could be quite powerful. There is somewhat relevant Iran example. I think the West has plenty of opportunities here. On the other hand, those won't come free - and I understand the hesitation. Yet again, to some - smaller - extent we have a situation, which is similar to what happened already about 80 years ago in Europe. I'd guess, much smaller percentage than in Europe, where many neighboring countries speak different languages. Why Russians should study foreign language if they are not going to use that - and that's the case for large percentage of population? It's similar to US in that regard - almost all know English, that's enough at home, and usually enough in neighboring Canada, and the primary foreign language is Spanish, probably because another major neighbour, Mexico, speaks Spanish. Google Translate is pretty good :) but distinctively worse still than the native tongue. I usually point to Yakunin's articles; Matvienko, Peskov are not unusual guests in Echo of Moscow. On the other hand, it's pretty rare to hear opinion of Kasparov, Navalny or Kasyanov on primary TV channels. I've tried to compare Echo of Moscow to RT, for example. Echo had much more details - when RT said "policemen stopped the people who blocked the way", Echo actually provided photos and videos, together with short interviews with both policemen and people those policemen detained. There are many people in Russia who don't like Echo. But if you try to find out why, you'll find it's because Echo is simply different - not the majority, as should be expected, frankly, if you'd consider the possibility of the media being filtered by some means. You should go for facts - which is often hard - and Echo is probably most professional in giving you facts, from all sides and opinions. Indeed it takes a good sense to learn good things from imperfect teachers. One has to see the forest behind the trees and understand what good US can teach to Russia - even though US is quite susceptible to similar ills itself. To resolve different opinions, we have to agree on some basic relevant facts and some criteria to judge. Apparently it's tough for subjects like this. Even common sense becomes not so common for people with different views. Then there is the question of facts - which sources would you trust? Factual bias can effectively shape opinions. You think, if Noam Chomsky would receive the Turing award, they'll talk about his other achievements? Really?.. I think BI per se might change the landscape somewhat - and that depends on its scale - but "rapidly change" - no, you don't principally differentiate strangers with passports from strangers without. Twenty years ago a lot of people couldn't see themselves using a cellphone or an Internet. Not very clean. It's not immediately obvious how some statements are derived from initial axioms. I decided once to write a C preprocessor in a clean C. Some weeks and 5000 lines of code later, I had many features of it done except functional macro resolution. By that time I've got substantially tired with manual memory management. So I shelved the project. Then I started learning J, and after some time decided to implement a project in it. After some months I've got working an LR parser generator. I've got so impressed with J convenience - the whole thing was about 700 lines, majority of that was comments and I was writing really simple J, as I was just learning it. You can check out some preliminary notes about parser generator building (only the beginning of the process) here - http://www.jsoftware.com/jwiki/AlexMikhailov/Parsing . I think J could be much better - by certain criteria - suited for many real projects. And I have other examples as well. May be you can be interested in learning J? jsoftware.com has a nice installer for it, very few dependencies, small package. And I believe Ken Iverson thought J could be more logical than APL - in some aspects, which were learned while developing APL. An interesting, to me, capacity of Lisp is to be represented uniformly - so called homoiconicity. For example, having a Lisp program, you can relatively easily add - statically - a debug statement after each statement, and then use that resulting program instead. That would be harder to do in Haskell - because the Haskell syntax is much richer. Another doubt to "eating all languages lunches" comes from having multiple different paradigms in programming languages. I can imagine Haskell eating, say, Prolog's lunch - for example, Norvig has shown how Prolog could be implemented as embedded in Lisp. But I suspect it's going to be harder to repeat in Haskell the strong points of Forth (stack computations), Tcl (strings as universal media?) or J (composability of primitives), even though some approximations could be made. It's fishy idea to search for a singular "perfect" language - unless that's something like English, with all its imperfections built-in. I'd recommend reading Iverson's "Notation as a Tool of Thought" ( http://www.jsoftware.com/papers/tot.htm ) . Operator looks for APL - and then for J - were modelled after mathematical notation, which had to be extended somewhat towards computations. But can you imagine writing on a whiteboard, say, "samples_transposed" instead of A'? You definitely can use words instead of many symbols in J. I highly doubt though you want to do that for the core language. Much more productive - IMO - is to learn the vocabulary - which is very finite. Yes, I know it's a great show stopper for those considering learning J. Over here - http://www.infoq.com/presentations/j-language - there is discussion in the video of removal of the background. I'm surprised the article doesn't say what it is that makes the National Academies Institute of Medicine to say there is no way to ethically change standards. In other words, what are those medical dangers which can't - from NAIM point of view - be adequately handled? Gay marriage opinion is the grounds for changing CEO. How about immigration opinion? Animal rights opinion? Climate change opinion? Political views? To whom? I'm disagreeing with Brendan on that opinion. That was $1000 - and I was thinking about donating an equivalent amount to the other cause before I learned I'm way too late. But having him step down? Now, we can have our - even good - corporations run by moral people - scratch that: by people whose most important virtue is morality. That could be good. Good for everybody. But I'm not so sure - so I'd hesitate to demand Brendan to step down. Because he has quite a talent to be useful in other important places. Or, alternatively - what would you think about my original question? Should we closely scrutinize executives on their beliefs across the whole spectrum? I suspect there are other important issues, besides LGBT opinions. Should we update the Bill? Heck, should we join Lessig's efforts - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_Constitution_of_the_Uni... ? Nah, sounds a little controversial to me. 1) "opinion on gay marriage is a political view" 2) "Companies shouldn't stray into the realm of political opinion because their employees do not have homogenous political views." Employees may have - even strong - opinions against gay marriage. But they can't be homogenous?.. So they shouldn't be considered? Or being "particularly contentions (because)" makes them exempt? Looks like a really complicated subject, don't you think? What do you mean by "take"? Canadian employers aren't very familiar with a concept of working visa in practice - they prefer you to first have a permanent residence, then they can talk about hiring you. To get permanent residence, you have to pass the process, which is many months long. Am I substantially missing something? Hmm, http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/information/times/perm/skilled-... lists processing times in months. Options with many months of wait are known, but are there anything faster? Say, 90 days? But how long is the wait? In US, if - and that's a big if - you're lucky enough to win H-1b early April, you may start working early October. Is there anything as fast with Canada? Without employer agreeing to hire you even though you don't have a working visa - i.e., you have to apply for one? Automated functions, like storing money, transfers, (digital?) check processing, buying indices - all on explicit commands and with fees - even storing money - but dirt cheap. After that we can talk about less clear-cut functions, like various kinds of investments or loan offerings. I'm quite curious to know what this rocket is going to be used for. Say, next 5-10 years. Saturn-V was used for an important national program, where money weren't the option. N-1 was closed after 4 unsuccessful flights. Energia flew only twice. Shuttle flew for long time, but it was expensive, political and at a time even the only option. All other rockets had LEO payloads under 25 tons. That helped them to be cheaper, which, in turn, helped to prolong their operational life. SpaceX can't afford to have an expensive rocket. To fly only occasionally is dangerous - reliability may suffer. To fly frequent... Where they're going to get payloads for that? 50+ tons - that's a lot these days. Unless price per launch will be quite comparable to other launchers and reliability on par, F-9H may be left without paying customers. And to launch this rocket cheap may prove unwise for the company which is making it. There are plenty scientists, who are paid from government grants. Government even participated in training them - in state universities or with federal grants. Saying that it's not "government" which does research shouldn't imply that government can't be critically important in the process which led to research results. The question is not only about what could be invented with private funds. No, we also consider if it was actually invented with private funds - or if the government did that first, and now we are not sure when - or if - private capital would actually do that without government. I'd agree that there are examples of advancements which almost certainly would be delayed without government involvement, and there are examples where it's almost certain that even without government we'd have results in almost the same time. Human genome sequencing comes to mind. I've got perception that bureaucrats are reluctant to change things for the very reason the new things can come worse - and those specific bureaucrats will be held accountable, in one way or another. In other words, I doubt there is no reason to try to do better. May be incentives as a whole are different enough - say, lesser, if we can compare - with government-baked projects rather than with privately backed ones. Could it be so that government is less efficient, but only on some projects where it can have good competition from private resources? May be government is better - or actually the only option - with some other areas, where you just can't find private backing? SpaceX claims that Falcon-9 first stage has a pretty good mass ratio - meaning that the fuel weights many times more than the tanks and engines (and everything else). However, even if we assume 30 as the ratio of loaded vs. dry mass, which is better, for example, than Titan II first stage, which has pretty good mass ratio, we need to add the mass of landing legs - something unique for the Falcon. Suppose legs halve the mass ratio, making it 15. 9 engines are capable of lifting the dry first stage, the fuel in it, and the second stage plus payload. That means 9 engines can lift much more than 15 times the dry mass of the first stage. Dividing the thrust by 9 makes the thrust much more than necessary to support the dry stage. In other words, even the thrust of a single Merlin engine is more than enough to brake the dry weight of the first stage. That means when first stage lands the engine is throttled - spending less mass of fuel per second than it does when Falcon lifts off. The better mass ratio of the first stage, the smaller flow of fuel is needed to decelerate it - so less fuel is needed to brake. It's not enough to count seconds of thrust - how big the thrust is should also be taken into account. RD-180 was designed in 1990-s, after break-up of USSR, and you can't just saw in half RD-170 to get RD-180. "Refurbished" usually applies to something used for some time already - not to the rocket engines, certainly not to RD-180 and NK-33, which apart from being fire-tested weren't used in flight. Yes. JavaScript is lingua franca of the Web, so it may be important to have a particular functionality implemented in JavaScript. This way, if you, say, want to take a part of the program and use it elsewhere, you have the advantage of the same language. If you want to ask a question about the program, you can count on other people knowing the language. If you want to illustrate something using a program, you have a common ground here. The article evokes some doubts - particularly statement "JPL... first government-sponsored rocket lab in history". According to article, that happened in "late 1930-s", but already in 1933 in USSR rocket groups GIRD and GDL were combined into a research institute. A highly recommended "Ignition!" ( http://www.sciencemadness.org/library/books/ignition.pdf ) - a history of liquid propellant research by John Clark briefly describes genesis of JPL, mentioning Malina and Theodor von Karman. According to that, GALCIT was "Malina's group" (if I remember correctly). That's for internal, in Russia, consumption, for those who don't know better. Pay no attention... to the phrase itself. Only NK-33 modified into AJ-26 used on Antares rockets is manufactured in early 1970-s. RD-180 was designed in 1990-s, about the same time as RS-68, the engine from Delta-IV first stage. RD-180 are being manufactured continuously last ~20 years. All new, not manufactured long time ago. NK-33 - from which AJ-26 are made - aren't manufactured today. It's a question if the manufacturing will restart. There are a few tens of them in US. Orbital Sciences has that question in the middle of their table, or close to it. Russian-American relationships in space trace back to at least 1975, deep Cold War. We're not at that state of affairs just yet. As somebody mentioned on The Space Review, ISS is a front-runner for Nobel peace prize, so let's not jump the gun too early. It doesn't seem to be too desirable for Putin to close that particular relationship. Unfortunately engine itself is not produced. Those are all modifications of existing NK-33. Are you implying that Martha found a self-evident solution? :) That's sort of a problem. It is unfortunately often implied that leadership beats all other traits. Here we have a - specific - example when it doesn't. This example won't change the culture which values leadership above everything else (if, e.g., we have such a culture). And that's, I think, an important idea out of the story. Leadership could be valued so high that someone would automatically equate success with leadership. I.e., that who solves the problem is the leader by definition. Which is not - but might be overlooked too often. It is novel partially because the medium is different. The difference in medium isn't irrelevant. > the 64-core Parallella is still setting the standard in terms of energy efficiency. In fact, it could be argued that it’s the most efficient computer in the world today I'd be curious if it beats GreenArrays ( http://www.greenarraychips.com/ ) numbers of picojoules per operation. I wonder if those numbers are published for Parallela? Would you like to try JavaScript? It can be used both on the client - where it's the king since the Web was born - and on the server side, using technologies like Node.js You'd get to learn just one language this way. Besides, JavaScript has a relatively easy learning curve. That's why I'm asking. GA144 has 144 cores - but they are 18-bit wide, and the instruction set is rather unorthodox, even multiplication usually has to be programmed. Code density is pretty high, it's a Forth chip after all - but I suspect it is hard to achieve a good uniform load across the whole device... which might also be the case with Parallela. So we have to consider each claim differently. In general, though, they seem to be quite different chips. Great idea. Unfortunately the price to get there is still pretty steep. Can I get my pocket cube to orbit for $8k-10k? Without large efforts to organize a bigger payload? I doubt. > And that’s the leap: It is impossibly hard to imagine raising $1 million in 30 days, even as a contingent commitment (meaning, you only get charged if we hit the goal). That's because America is a poor country, and doesn't really want democracy. Compare to Russia - no, compare to Moscow: http://navalny.livejournal.com/845180.html 76 million (unrevocable) rubles in 2 months, with about 32 rubles per dollar exchange rate. Summer 2013, Moscow mayoral race. For the candidate opposing Putin regime. I'd like to be able to add my own pattern - because few of somewhat useful are missing and for other reasons. Start with Tsiolkovsky equation. Pick a fuel - that determines the speed of exhausting gases. Choose the number of stages - since you're trying to reduce complexity, you can't rely on good mass ratios. Obviously those things are related. When you'll try to make payload - and rocket - small, you'll find that some parts of the rocket reduce their mass in proportion to the total rocket mass, and some other parts don't. Tanks are usually the biggest parts by mass in an orbital rocket - and they scale down rather well, to a certain limit. Engines, however, could scale worse. That will affect your mass ratio, and at some point your payload will become zero. This is the main problem with current state of the art in high power rocketry (if you want to launch a satellite, you have to have more than 8 km/s delta-V, and this is enough to qualify it as a high power rocketry). Some parts - like control circuits and some sensors - advanced greatly since late 1950-s, and you can have a whole control system in a really small and a lightweight package. But engines, valves - you'll have to have valves - and, after some point, tanks (because you can't have too thin of a wall without breaking in a real flight) will stop scaling. You'll likely find that it's about the same mass of a rocket which can launch 1/4 kg to orbit or 1 kg to orbit. Elon Mask proved that $90 millions are enough to build a half-a-ton payload rocket from scratch. May be - may be - $1 million is enough to build and launch a smallest rocket from scratch. Hard to say... but it's definitely more than $100 thousands today. I suspect this is good in a certain cultural environment - say, in US. Otherwise those advices could be interpreted as strange. And when background is taken into account, it becomes more similar to a protocol. That doesn't explain the difference between US and the rest. Either the rest of the world has other, more noble purposes, which helps their children to learn better. In this case, should we think about purpose? Or the rest of the world has the same goals and just reaches them better than in US. In this case - should we learn how to pursue them properly? This all is in case US still believes the real education is important. May be it isn't? May be better education doesn't lead to a better life? In many areas the content is learned in layers - first you get some simple picture, then refined details, then some real depth. So it doesn't say much is something is learned in 2 years, the question is - how deep? I think forks and hooks are also interesting higher-order functions. You just have to invent a way to change albedo of a surface using only local resources. You also need to think how exactly you're going to cover that territory of France - how heavy should be robots doing that, how many of them, how they'll withstand harsh environment - and require replacements... 3) More correctly would be to say that MATLAB has a whole lot of APL. APL is one of the oldest languages, being developed in 50's. 5) You'll perhaps lose some power. Notation is important - check Ken Iverson's Turing lecture. Because fundamentally, if a craft is safe to send humans to orbit you want to send humans - not cargo, which is cheaper to send with a craft which is less safe. Which is really pity, but you can't expect too much. Watching the presentation, I felt that Elon wants to make an impression of XXI-century spacecraft - but he doesn't want to get into shoes of Doug Engelbart making a thing so great nobody will pay him to fully use that. No, Elon firmly wants not the perfect, but profitable solution. Which is very understandable. There are multiple places where SpaceX could really try to do better. The problem is, they'd spend much more money and time and get much less predictable results. Considering they already pushing envelope pretty hard, it's likely a wise decision to also use some more proven technologies. During rocket racing several years ago, XCOR participated with a rocketplane - a plane which only has a rocket engine as the sole mean of motion. They did two back-to-back flights. Between wheels stop and wheels start they had to prepare the rocketplane for the next flight. They did that in under 9 minutes - about 20 people simultaneously working on the plane, checking and loading with pressurized gases, fuel (ethanol, I think) and oxidizer (LOX). I doubt Dragon will have turnaround in minutes. But in days, under a week - I think it's quite possible, as a routine operation. Indirectly, as you have to launch another spacecraft for the same number of people to get to orbit. That used to be the case, but changes slowly now. Enough less powerful states may understand common needs and unite to combat the stronger region, both economically and militarily. Could be an article about the state of education in the country :) . But at least caches are often transparent to software, thus don't affect software as much. J manuals (J for C, I think) mention that in J array is a central object, so when you have primitive operations you have more of them, because an array allows you to do more things than a scalar. There is a set of more frequently used operations, and there are others, which provide convenient shortcuts in some cases or are useful in some relatively narrow areas. Basic operations with arrays are: {. - take the first item, {: - take the last item, }. - take everything except the first item, }: - take everything except the last item. Then there is "generalized" sorting operation /: - ascending and \: - descending, array reversal |. , you can take unique elements of array with ~. , subtract one array from another with -: and apply dyadic operation between elements of an array with / - for example, +/ 1 2 3 makes 6. You can append arrays with , - for example, 1 2 , 3 4 makes 1 2 3 4. You can "zip" arrays with ,. - 1 2 3 ,. 4 5 6 makes array of pairs 1 4, 2 5 and 3 6. Then you also have several built-in ways to partition array - using first or last element of array as separator with ;. , making prefixes or suffixes of increasing length with \ or \. , you can group elements of one array by elements of another using /. - for example, 1 1 2 3 3 4 /. 'abcdef' will produce groups ab, c, de, f . Then there is ability to combine array items with weights using #. - like, 2 hours 3 minutes and 4 seconds total 24 60 60 #. 2 3 4 -> 7384 seconds - and do that backwards with #: , get array length or filter array elements with # , get cartesian product with { ... and that's about it. Pretty powerful, well thought-out set of highly orthogonal operations. Add scalar operations - where complex numbers and arbitrary precision are built-in - and you have a good base for a universal language. >I can't think of a single technology over 20 years old where the first mover is still the leader. Russian rockets, to an extent. Big(gest) share of world launches, hardware inheritance from world first ICBM, first launched in 1957. You probably don't need to sell the equipment with the idea that it will be installed in homes? Why not to keep person's equipment in data centers? "- Can I use #define? - No!" I think teacher has some ideas here :) . Yes, this 500 lines statement is somewhat misleading. This program isn't written on Python, rather on a large specific library which does a lot of heavy lifting. It's better than nothing, though, to be able to look at an app dissected even to a few large blocks. Kudos. We have different definitions here. As poster above said, in the limit it's just "import minecraft". I'd then argue after e.g. Paul Graham in "On Lisp" that you're modifying language when you're adding new facilities - like functions - to it. That allows you to much easier solve your problem - in the language which you created for that, rather than in the original language. In this example a lot was done in the external library which was imported. The rest is a little bit of Python with crucial use of those facilities offered by imported library. So I'd say it's not Python - by much - which this program is written on. But that's just a definition - I find it useful to define it this way, but it's certainly not the only possibility. There is a lot of sense in it. First, most everybody has a JS engine handy, right in the browser of his choice. JS is reasonably standardized - the subset of it which is common between all browsers is pretty big. Then, JS is rather well known, since all web development has to include that - and that's a sizeable part of all development. Next, the language itself isn't that bad - you may write procedural, object-oriented or functional code relatively easy. Even better, the implementations are quite good lately, being forced to evolve under the pressure of demand. Can you name a language which would best JavaScript in all these points? Programming problems are diverse, and so are languages. It's similar to what we have in human languages - if you're talking deep specifics of medicine, it's quite different than if the matter discussed is car performance, even if both languages are based on English. I'd hesitate to point to Lisp, with its ability to be "programmable programming language". The modus operandi, explained by e.g. PG, is to create a domain-specific language and then solve the problem using that DSL. This way you can have a great variety of problems which are relatively accessible by such a language... Would like to know more alternatives to the topic. But you can always ask FBI to prove that their sources are legitimate. They say the sources are legitimate, but you say no, and it's their word versus your word, right? On an unrelated news, http://mayday.us campaign still has two days left. Let's replace "believe in machine" in 2014 with "believe in flying to the Moon" in 1961. Imagine how ridiculous flying to the Moon was to some individuals then. Imagine how they could write quite similar articles. Now, after men landed and returned and dust settled decades ago - how we're looking to those possible articles? May be they had some merit - may be, because it's hard to forecast what's going to happen. Who knows - may be we have a chance to cure cancer in three years, if we only look to the right place today, but we won't and the progress will takes much longer. Who knows - it may very well be possible that Kurzwell predictions won't come true. But that's besides the point. We don't know - and the article is written with suggestion that we actually won't, so the author does know that it won't happen. Just because the matter is so strange to him. That's an unreliable ground to build forecasts on. > For the maiden flight, the rocket will be matched with an Orion space capsule, and launched past low-Earth orbit. Although this will test the capability of the SLS to send a human crew into space, the mission will be entirely automated. This is something that was not possible during the Apollo or Space Shuttle programs. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Apollo_missions#Unmann... There were several - 4, I think - unmanned Apollo spacecraft flights in 60-s. > "The launch abort system (LAS) is a key reason that Orion is intended to become the safest spacecraft ever built. In an emergency it could activate to pull the crew module and the astronauts it will carry away from the launch pad and the rocket in milliseconds" NASA officials wrote on their Web site. A very strange statement. Safety systems like that are used since Mercury flights. And what kind of milliseconds are we talking here? Thousands? Hundreds? Even with 20g acceleration - pretty harsh by today's standard even for abort systems - in 0.1 second you're only going to get 1 meter away - not quite too far. Agree, they didn't go beyond LEO. However, at about the same time, Soviets launched several Zonds - which were stripped-down versions of Soyuz spacecrafts - to Moon fly-bys, in automatic mode. In 1988 USSR launched Buran - arguably a close technical sibling of the Space Shuttle - admittedly on LEO (would be really amusing to see a bird like that higher than on LEO), also unmanned. I wonder if that still allows to say "this is something that was not possible during Apollo/Shuttle programs". Regarding remote-controlled part. Do you think author stresses the differences and really mean that full automation vs. remote control? It's usually convenient to rely on some support from Earth for complex missions - doesn't make sense to make spacecraft fully autonomous - and I haven't heard Orion designers explicitly mentioning that self-sufficient approach. > Their deputy administrator Lori Garver "gets" Newspace. Unfortunately, Lori Garver left NASA. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lori_Garver > Anything measured in milliseconds rather than seconds at that point might save lives. Yes, but if you're talking about system reaction - the start of motion - rather than result - the safety distance - then it's nothing surprising here. These systems always worked in under 1 second time frame - don't know exact timing, but it's all electronics. At this point it becomes rather misleading about what is being said - this system claims a particularly fast reaction between first sensor detection and detecting raising temperature of the charge of solid rocket pulling the capsule away? Or something else? It's mentioned without specifying necessary details, so it can be understood differently - that's why it looks strange. > The space shuttle didn't have anything similar, nor does soyuz or anything else. Pad abort system is used on all Soyuz spacecrafts, which fly since 1960-s. Was even used in Soyuz-18 flight abort. Pad abort system was used for TKS flights - unmanned, but the spacecraft was built to carry people. Pad abort system is used for Shenzhen spacecraft flights. Those systems weren't used in Space Shuttle - but were used elsewhere. That means the claim "safest spacecraft ever built", considering that some relevant comparable spacecrafts are from outside the US, is lacking specification "in US". Which makes the statement look strange. This approach - giving your identity to prove you're going to pay for the item - seems overly careless in the age of privacy violations. Another system - where you can only give the proof, without the identity - would be better, but it's unclear at the moment how that could be reached. Besides, putting an item on the shelf in case you don't have enough cash has another nice feature - an opportunity to think twice if you really need that item in the first place. If you pay too easily, it's harder to save. Elbrus team worked on that architecture before collaboration with Sun - they can continue to improve it now. So it may have something new? I'd also expect a very detailed hardware specifications - open-hardware level of details. Hardware simulators level of details. After all they talk about transparency - so both hardware and software should be up for the scrutiny. This is something like a textual search engine - only queries are static in the form of article titles, and the answers are pre-computed. Ideally Wikipedia should have a system which would allow answering questions of this form - and trace results to original data. In other words, Wikipedia may have "kernel" articles and "derivative" articles, and be able to generate second from first, both as a compression and as a convenience. I think you're proving OP point. I'd prefer to be able to have motherboards suggestions based on requested features. Like, so many USB ports, SATA ports and this socket for AMD CPU. Agree. Decision to make engines multi-chambered had to take into account the overall situation existing at the moment. For example, when in 1954 Energomash was designing RD-107, it had to make a decision which would allow to make engine soon - and they couldn't make single-chamber engine for the thrust required. So they went for multi-chamber design, since they didn't have time to do it differently. In "Осуществление мечты" an engine professional, who worked in Energomash, mentioned that when Energomash was choosing 4-chamber design for RD-170, there were two groups of specialists defending different approaches. One group - which had experience with RD-107 (multi-chamber engine) and RD-270 (biggest one-chamber Energomash engine) - advocated single-chamber design. Another group - which had experience with RD-253 (single-chamber) and engines for Kosmos launcher - advocated multi-chamber design. The decision was influenced by having the instrumentation necessary to conduct testing of smaller chambers independently. > No-one remembers Sid Meier's flight sims. Don't say so :) . One of early books of Victor Pelevin describes "a problem" one avid player of F-19 had because he played too much. Some players still remember that F-19 had an interesting "unreal" bug, which allowed to fly without fuel arbitrarily long (and quite slow). Upside down. It was possible to start playing the first mission (say, Russian North) ranking as lieutenant and land the first time in the highest possible rank with all imaginable awards. F-19 was, in a sense, interesting enough to be remembered. Loopholes is when you find something unforeseen by the law. I vaguely remember the opposite problem - having different laws stating different things about the same situation. This might be a problem by laws. As for math, there is inconsistency robustness topic of research. It was well said "programming is one of the most complex branches of applied mathematics". I didn't check the exact quote :) . Pretty good! I've found that when you need to construct a perpendicular to a given straight line from a given point not on the line, you can build an equilateral triangle with one side on the given straight line and one of the ends of that side in an arbitrary (actually, given) point on the line, and then make a line through the third (not on the given line) corner of this triangle and the given point not on the given line. This may not always work - if the third corner of the triangle happen to be the same point as the given point. This suggests to me you may be don't properly consider all possible relations within objects being constructed. Are most of the jobs cut in Europe, not in Seattle area? Max article seems spot on. The blame is on Russian brand - which is hijacked by current Russia power structure, not on the Russian people per se, even though they share the responsibility for that kind of government. Cliches here, unfortunately, are rooted in realities - it's sad, but compare Russia with a failed state is probably not too much of an exaggeration. The fact that US has its own corruption does little justification to - much bigger, in my opinion - problems in Russia. I think saying "NATO is expanding" you mean that Ukrainian choice of signing agreements with EU left Russia no choice. From Ukrainian point of view, they are an independent country - which may, at different times, get into different unions with different partners. So, Russian (actually, Russian government) point of view that any Ukrainian motion towards EU signals a threat to Russia doesn't justify Russian hostilities, because Ukraine is an independent country. And when Russia in turn decided to protect its perceived interests, it went against that independence - and all things associated with that. > Everyone dressed as if they were ready to be interviewed at a moment’s notice. This is said with a sort of tone of accusation, but I can remember a lot of cases where being always reasonably well dressed was considered a good thing. May be here "ready to be interviewed" means "exceptionally polished extra-fresh look"? Then I understand - but it would be really interesting to see such people on every occasion in a college. I think you didn't get the story. I think the author is confused. > Writing cool code in obscure languages or rewriting industry-accepted libraries is great as a hackathon project or when you’re at Facebook-scale, but it’s dumb and dangerous otherwise. On the face value, this is quite agreeable. But what is "cool" code? What if someone just writes "a code" in an obscure language - because that language happens to be the best for the code? As for "industry-accepted libraries", those libraries can't be considered the word of almighty while everybody else agrees we have a crisis in the area of software engineering. On the other hand, > There’s a time and a place for innovative custom-written code that advances the edges of engineering and computer science. Again, well said - but what is "innovative"? Solving the same problem for the hundredth time - but doing it well while explaining why - can or cannot be innovative, depending on the definition. Yes, there is time and place for that - so should it be thrown away in a young startup just because it should concentrate its efforts elsewhere? The whole idea of the article is great - the code is written over and over, with small variations because of platforms, infinitisimal changes in requirements etc. Indeed, engineers first learn to produce linked lists, then taylor them for their particular problems - it's like an art of pottery, when the next customer has slightly different requirement because, say, his shelves have different width. But the blame seems to be put to the wrong place. Esoterrorism is at the end of http://codon.com/programming-with-nothing - nice FizzBuzz version... What is YARV? :) Today's bachelor program is the high school of yesteryear. Not optional anymore - and it's the complexity of life which makes you study till you're 22 - when some century ago in 16 you not only learned all you need to learn by studying, you'd already have some serious experience. Why now, in 2014, one with a B.S. makes about as much despite all that knowledge escapes me as well. Agree, it's hard to say when was the last time Boeing did something innovative - on the scale of SpaceX - in space technology. In 12 years SpaceX roughly managed to build two rockets and one space freighter cheaply - economical "first", to produce stages with e.g. high (comparing to industry standard) dry-to-wet-mass ratio, to produce a kerosene engine with, again, pretty high thrust-to-weight - and run a development program on vertical landing for the first stage. Don't see anything comparable to that from Boeing. > Are there any actual generic language parsing projects out there? Chalmers University has impressive results on this - http://www.grammaticalframework.org/ Warning: this site is known to have some annoying errors. http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0908934.html "The last-known Union widow, Gertrude Janeway, died in Jan. 2003 in Tennessee. John Janeway joined the Union army in 1864 and was briefly a POW at Andersonville. The couple married in 1927, after waiting three years until Gertrude turned 18. John was 81. The person thought to be the last-known Confederate widow, Alberta Martin, was born Dec, 4, 1906, and died at age 97 in Alabama on May 31, 2004. In 1927, at age 21, she married William Jasper Martin, then 81. Martin joined the Confederate army in May 1864. Upon her husband's death, she married his grandson from his first marriage." Looks like Western culture standards aren't cast in stone. Or made in heaven. Could you better support new space entrepreneurs? How do those third parties profit then? Calling Leslie Lamport a computer scientist as opposed to mathematician is to be not very familiar with the matters. I guess here we need to talk about different definitions of "mine". At least people tend to say "my house" and "my car" in many situations similar to this. It's surprising how naive can Nobel laureates be ;) . I wonder why the author is so caustic in regard to hydrogen peroxide. Here - http://yarchive.net/space/rocket/fuels/peroxide.html - second message mentions Clark's "Ignition!" facts, and in first Henry Spencer states: While there are some storage headaches -- the stuff decomposes slowly no matter what you do, so you must provide for tank venting -- otherwise peroxide is much easier and safer to handle. Its bad reputation is half outright myth and half the result of 1940s experience with seriously impure peroxide. To quote a friend, a rocket-propulsion professional, who investigated the matter as part of a study some years ago: "As far as we could find out, the stories about problems with peroxide were just that, stories... Peroxide, now, seems to only very rarely do anything exciting, at all. And, even then, it seems to never do many of the things attributed to it in the stories." Of course hydrogen peroxide can be dangerous - relatively recent explosion in Sweden (peroxidepropulsion.com) reminds us about that. At the same time significant volumes of it with more than 70% concentration are routinely used - so a chemist can calibrate the feeling. Yes, interesting. APL was meant to be used for teaching programming - with it's exceptional clarity (sic). Java took the place... J engine is claimed to not have memory leaks - that's from very early versions and being written in C. It's true that it could be hard to think about the problems "vectorally", but still - I agree, the comment sounds ridiculous. You owe to yourself to read the Iverson's Turing lecture, "Notation as a tool of thought". You can find it. Apparently APL family can claim relationship to math notation - which is not a small claim. Lisp family does it too - in different way. One reason for one-character names is the habit of these languages to sidestep naming problem. Naming things is one of the hardest problems in software. APL programs are ideally read as "variable X is ...", not "do this, then this, then this" - so appropriate names of variables could be something like "max of reduce by difference..." - hence the hardness of coming with good names. Another reason is the same as in math. When you write equations on a whiteboard - the long-sought golden standard of expressiveness - you don't use long names - at best you encode names with subscripts, indexes etc. But names themselves are usually pretty short. APL languages use the same rationale. Just like you need to read carefully every line of a math equation to understand what's going on, you have to read carefully each symbol of programs in APL family languages. It's unusual for programmers who got used to more help along the line - but the vocabulary of all such languages is quite short and doesn't extend that often. Another reason why APL could be used for teaching math. I don't agree that this style of naming is not good for anything. Somehow majority of programmers in these languages agree with that. Regarding much more useful things - "If you are interested in programming solutions to challenging data processing problems, then the time you invest in learning J will be well spent." ( http://jsoftware.com/ ) I think the opposite :) - marketing of R is light years ahead. Language is very obscure, but so good that from time to time you're going to hear wonderful stories from new enlightened. And with the rise of parallel programming we're going to actually switch more to more vector way of describing and solving problems. Just like Lisp ideas are spreading everywhere in modern languages, APL ideas are also fruitful. That's certainly good - we should learn languages which are different enough to justify learning. Your code in whatever language you work will benefit from that rethinking. This is all false for APL. First, APL is right there in the history with Fortran and Lisp - and its "every ten years" became irrelevant already when it was used to analyze IBM 360 hardware and found some bugs which were fixed in time for shipping. Second, these languages are truly for very wide ranges of problems - it's the industry curse that APL isn't used more widely; I guess the reason is it's harder to learn. But you can do can use it for really everything. Who'd thing JavaScript would be the language to write Linux emulator? So it's less wonder that k is used for OS writing. Industry does try to lower the barrier to entry. At the same time it strives to reach ever-higher tops. APL family of languages have a high barrier to entry - which is of course a problem - but even remaining novice in the language you can be routinely more efficient working with APL than working with another language. So - that high barrier to entry is a disadvantage, but for that you can have pretty high levels of efficiency in the same language going from newbie to intermediate to advanced levels. VPRI (vpri.org) was already mentioned here. The goal of Alan Kay, as I understand it, to reduce complexity of computer systems - by making them smaller. k shows you potential results with this approach - doing things differently, you can have small and functional systems, so they could be easier to understand while remaining feature-rich. In J there are two special ways to combine functions which are written using special syntax. Namely, 1) when you want to calculate f(y, g(y)) , you write (f g) y - this is "hook" of one argument (monadic, in J terms) 2) when you want to calculate f(x, g(y)) , you write x (f g) y - this is "hook" of two arguments (dyadic) 3) when you want to calculate f(g(y), h(y)) , you write (g f h) y - this is monadic "fork" 4) when you need f(g(x, y), h(x, y)) , you use x (g f h) y - dyadic fork 5) when you have a train - say, (a b c d e) x - longer than 3 elements, then you consider rightmost 3 functions (functions are called verbs in J) as a single fork - say, f - and then consider (a b f) x . So (a b c d e) x is b(a(x), d(c(x), e(x))) If the train length is even, the last operation becomes hook - so x (a b c d) y is a(x, c(b(x, y), d(x, y))) You can express any computation as a sufficiently complex train. No, it's not absolutely critical. You can do a lot of your own programming without using hooks and forks. Your programs will be somewhat simpler - and whenever you need to use a variable in several places, you'll have to explicitly name it - but still. Incomprehensibility happens in part because all ASCII characters are used - so you have a lot of differently-looking symbols; because [ and { aren't paired with ] and }, and " isn't paired either; because you often have . and : as the second character of built-in entities, so you've got a lot of dots... APL used the symbols invented explicitly for those purposes, but the price - non-ASCII alphabet - was considered too high. So - no, I wouldn't say forks and hooks are the source of 90% of uncomprehensibility. For J, IMO, jsoftware.com has good resources. That includes vocabulary (the way to specify the language), a few textbooks (JforC, J Primer), essays, examples of short code... And J forums are pretty helpful. Coming back to the question, for J its vocabulary on jsoftware.com is a good resource. Yes, my mistake regarding 4-element dyadic train. It should also be noted that Komarov died in first manned Soyuz spacecraft launched - not the first Soyuz. In other words, Komarov's Soyuz-1 - and naming system isn't obvious in Russian space school - wasn't analogous to Columbia first flight as the very first flight of any STS. And in Soyuz they also had other pretty close calls. Diving into athmosphere hatch-forward because engine module didn't separate in Shatalov-Volynov-Eliseev-Khrunov group flight... Near premature separation of said engine module in the Intercosmos flight with Afghani cosmonaut... Several ballistic landings - with accelerations up to about 20 g's... Still nobody died. Perhaps in no small part because of overbuilding the ship and also changing the ship design along its long history, learning on mistakes. Soyuz spacecraft is the real workhorse. Closed cycle has another advantage over open cycle for kerosene - namely, the vibrations in the chamber are more manageable. Which paradoxically can make the engine more reliable. A suspicion is that the engines didn't quite survive the long storage... indeed they weren't quite designed for that. But we'll wait for results of analysis of the explosion. > I wonder if the Russians would consider it a good or a bad thing for them, if the West decides to stop using those Russian-built engines? Definitely bad. Of course, that depends on whom you ask :) and which Russian we're talking about. NK-33 is used on a recently created Soyuz-2.1v rocket (one engine on first stage). There is no production of NK-33 today in Samara - but the ability to sell engines to the West would oh so much improve economic situation for Samara's industrial space cluster. Among other things, NK-33 is a matter of pride in Samara. It's the only engine maker for first stages in Russia (if you don't count Voronezh'es LH2 engines, used on the second stage of Energiya) other than Energomash, its arch-rival. Since recently works are underway to restart the production of NK-33... and Orbital going away from using them, for whatever reason, is sad news. Still NK-33 is a great piece of technology, in some aspects still unsurpassed. It's too early to consider it's over for NK-33. As for politics and sanctions against Russia - this is quite different subject, almost completely unrelated. Leaders come and go... and people stop wars at some point, yet the aspiration of going to the stars remains. I think technically engines were manufactured in early '70s - like, in 1974? Definitely weren't stored in Siberia - Russia has quite sizable European part, no need to go to Siberia if you want to hide about 70 engines from nemesis Glushko's eye... And of course it's ridiculous that engines like NK-33 are considered bad just because they sit in a hangar for some 40+ years :) . It's not milk, they aren't that easily spoiled. Elon just used this time reference to make the decision look good - for somebody who doesn't know better. So factually he's right - but also misses the point. Here I should admit that Elon says more than he does - but he does quite a bit too, so kudos to his successes - Merlin-1D is a great engine. Uninformed, yes :( . There are theoretical limits for how high Isp - the specific impulse, defined as how much thrust, in, say, pounds of force, you can get from a unit of fuel flow, going into the engine, in, say, pounds of mass per second. The engines created in '60s are already rather close to that theoretical limit - so saying that you can do much better just because decades has passed is similar to saying "well, surely we had SR-71 flying back in '70s already - by today we ought to have all civil aviation routinely doing at least Mach 2". So - no, it's pretty hard, including for fundamental reasons, to make engines much better that NK-33 by Isp. And that parameter is of paramount importance for a rocket engine. Mind you, this is still not the only parameter. After all, you probably care a lot about economic efficiency. Elon Musk seems to understand that pretty well - and SpaceX engines, while lacking technically, could be in a much better position economically. Next, you're right that design and manufacturing aren't standing still. Both control of materials parameters and the ability to convert the raw material into an engineered device substantially rose - talking about, say, 3D printing engines or parts, which happens rather frequently now, but didn't in '70s. So it's a complicated matter. However, NK-33 still have good technical parameters, and were bought inexpensively - in '90s, when Russia was severely starved for cash. Why not to use something which is already there, and not expensive? That's quite a rational decision Orbital - and Aerojet before them - took. Regarding the second part, about storage. Surely this is unprecedented case. That's why the engines were tested - many times, both in Russia and in USA, and also analysed, trying to predict how several decades of storage could affect engines. The results were apparently positive - of course you and I don't have the original raw data which was used to make that decision. But don't think the engines just were, say, buried underground; their storage history is roughly known and isn't that different from other products of heavy machinery industry. So I think Elon is habitually being overreacting in regard to Orbital usage of those engines. May be it has something to do with Elon's unsuccessful attempts to strike a deal with Russian space industry back when SpaceX was really young - or may be it's just a tradition for him, Elon sometimes says something out of proportions, even though SpaceX real - smaller - results are undeniable. Elon misses the point - it's only for uninformed the phrase "rocket engines made in USSR 40 years ago" would mean "unacceptable variant". George Sutton, author of "History of Liquid Propellant Rocket Engines" mentions that USSR spent far more towards rocket engine research than all other countries combined, and NK-33 is one of the serious achievements of Soviet rocket school. Don't discount something off hand just because it's old and foreign. You're perhaps mistaking NK-33 for their predecessor, NK-15, which was used in all 4 unsuccessful N1 flights? It's not that unique - in Russian space school oxidizer-rich turbines are routine. Proton, for example, used to have - until latest years - a pretty solid track record, especially for first stage engines, and those engines use N2O4 for turbines. Considering that N2O4 is burned with some amount of (CH3)2N-NH2, making HNO3... the gas going to chamber from turbine is the nitric acid. Still engines work just fine. One of big reasons for Russians to use oxydizer-reach gas generators is that on the rocket there usually much more oxidizer - by mass - than fuel, which makes the flow through the turbine much bigger - several times. So efficiency of turbopumps goes up. That justifies the complexity of having oxidizer-rich gas flow before the chamber. I don't know enough about computers to make my own PC from scratch. I however can fix some problems with PC. So you can have one without another. Aerojet bought those engines from Russia - the original manufacturer - in 1990-s. No need for Orbital to scour museums. No, engines didn't explode. Were actually never flown before the first Antares lifted off. But performed pretty well on stands. I think this is fundamentally pretty hard problem. It involves control of turbulence, and this is a big in general unsolved problem today. That includes hypersonic flights, thermonuclear plasma control... Rocket engines work on the edge of material capabilities, and fluctuations - which you want to tame to guarantee things like that won't happen - are hard to deal with. They are important to make a good decision. Efficiency, mass, reliability, price... You can't just ignore them. The reason NK-15 were exploding was traced back to turbopumps. Those were completely redesigned, from scratch, for NK-33. That alone justifies a new name for the engine. Then, unlike NK-15, NK-33 are multi-start engines. Were tested for ridiculously long work times - one worked non-stop for ~14000 (fourteen thousands) seconds on a stand. I've seen photos of the hangar where they were stored. Looks like some decent conditions. Regardless, they were inspected - with replacing proper parts, like in valves - and tested on stands. And x-ray checks are standard for this kind of systems. That's a pretty hard problem. F-1 took unimaginable efforts to make right - event though the only unusual, untested parameter for this engine is its size. RD-170 took all the genius of Glushko - including his previous somewhat successful experience with RD-270, which deserves a whole story for itself - to get working properly. With all hindsight, only the forth Merlin of SpaceX is actually pushing technical limits - and that's in XXI century. Then, there is the issue of time - to build an engine from scratch is easy to delay a rocket for a year - if you're lucky and do that right from the first attempt. So Orbital words can be taken seriously and for the face value. NK-33 is a pretty good engine. Agree. And those Merlin-1D seem to be very efficient from economical point of view. Technically they are also good - record setting for open cycle engines. However, NK-33 are closed cycle and have better Isp. Economically they also made a lot of sense for Orbital, since they were bought as already made for another project. It can be justified. Yes. NK-33 never flew on N-1. They were intended to fly on N-1 in its fifth flight - which never happened, because Glushko closed the program after becoming the head of the Energiya company. Before the engines flew for the first time, yes they never flew before. And Antares is the first rocket where those engines have flied - though not the only one rocket already. Orbital now has ATK experience on board. Feels natural to switch to all-solid rockets - like other Orbital designs. However for now, the Antares is the biggest Orbital rocket, and it's designed with NK-33. Definitely need to investigate this event and make decisions. It's better to use engines which were just created - or just manufactured - but sometimes there are reasons to prefer old engines to new ones. Age is not the only factor. Both reliability and performance. And also reliability is something which you estimate, calculate basing on some models - it's probability, not a guarantee. How would you estimate the reliability of an engine which run over 3 hours on a test stand? Of course you might prefer a well known fuels, industry-proven range of pressures and other engineering solutions, and you test them on Earth first - but after that you have to fly. Track records are tricky for rocket systems. Since the first Sputnik, over the 57 years the humanity had may be - roughly - 4000 launches of space rockets of all kinds, with many different fuels, engines, sizes etc. It's relatively rare when you have a good track record which is measured by many tens of flights - let alone hundreds. When a system flew 20 times it's already considered rather mature - double so if those were all successful flights. So it's quite usual to use a new engine in a new design of rocket - in fact it's rare when you have many different rockets with the same engine type or many different engines used on the same rocket. Rockets and engines are usually optimized to each other - particularly rockets are built around engines, since margins are quite thin. To avoid scrolling, which he says he hates. Didn't look at this piece, but more recent J interpreter is here - https://github.com/openj/core . I think the main idea for "a" struct (it is here - https://github.com/openj/core/blob/master/jt.h ) is that it has "rank" - the single integer which is the number of dimensions, then array of dimensions - "shape" of length equal to "rank", then "data" part which has the size equal to multiplication of all elements in "shape". Edit: the structure is at https://github.com/openj/core/blob/master/jtype.h . http://kaleidic.com/2009/composing-j-in-my-mind/ "J is conducive to thinking about computation because a lot is expressed by combining even a few components. With J it is natural to think in code, not just about code." > Do your colleagues a favor and don't write like this. I'd second this - in any normal situation. If you're really aspiring to form the future, strive to be extremely productive, demands that from your colleagues - that's another thing. Sigh - industry as a whole isn't nearly on the level to use those advanced tools. That's a rather normal situation - when your long is 32 bits long and the pointer is also 32 bits long, to satisfy a strict C compiler you just need a cast - which will be a no-op in machine code. This approach was used quite a bit... I once needed to develop an algorithm for a underspecified task. Something like "generate a real-looking map of the floor - with walls, windows, doors, corridors..." . Took me 40 minutes to try several variants in J. Then some 3 hours more to complete C# code. I don't know how long it would took if I'd experiment directly in C#. Probably not too long - but iterations would surely be more painful; too much boilerplate code. In my experience, J is closer to thought process than many other languages. Really. You just have to try - and get used a little bit. It's often considered much more understandable to define the distance between two points as a short mathematical expression - with sigma, x_n - y_n, second powers, square root - that actually explain what it is in non-mathematical terms. Similarly, J programmers prefer to write a =: a + b instead of (for i=0; i which obscures the idea quite a bit. Or saying (# %: */) a to calculate geometric mean of vector a and use that in next expression. You think Arthur doesn't look to his code back for those few years between rewritings? Perhaps "Notation as a Tool of Thought" - http://www.jsoftware.com/papers/tot.htm - could help you, if you want to understand why people keep writing APL and its successors? Like Mathematica, for example?.. Do you think mathematical articles are understandable and maintainable? What if there is not a lone J genius, but a whole - small - department of people, who spend time actually thinking and talking about computations, not the ways to express it? The more relevant part is comparison with math notation. No whitespaces and line breaks there. > SpaceshipTwo is considered the 'simplest' and 'safest' of all the upcoming manned commercial vehicle. XCOR's culture of safety is pretty good, though it's the school of thought quite close to Virgin Galactic . At least rocket engines in XCOR are designed with the highest standards of safety. It would be very interesting to see some code in CL, which would allow to run embedded J. Not a Lisp equivalent - since notation is important - but straight J. https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&tl=en&js=y&pr... The whole APL, the Turing prize, the Google which in the news in regard to that prize... All of them conspired. Approximate quote from a C textbook: "Besides, C is actually the language made for programmers. Pascal is for students, Basic for housewives, Lego for schoolchildren, Fortran for scientist, APL for martians... Only C is for programmers." First time I saw APL I was suspicious - can it do anything in addition to matrix manipulation? I do understand your concerns. P.S. BTW, Dijkstra ones was asking Iverson if APL is actually Turing-complete, or something like that. Iverson produced a typical APL answer for a problem - which wouldn't say much to anybody who doesn't know the meaning of symbols. Just like reading in foreign alphabet. First, it was designed for clarity. Ken Iverson's book, "A Programming Language" is about how to compute - the language grew from teaching. Productivity, I think, stems from close connections between program and the thought process. Can you rephrase your question? What you want to confirm or deny? Linear algebra - I wouldn't say so. Vectorization - yes, to a certain extent; whenever you'd have a loop, you have to remind your self that it's implicit - and that forces you to think about the collection as a whole instead of a single element of the collection. Sometimes there is apparently no collection to begin with. That, in turn, makes you think why - is it actually correct, do you have a good design? In J it's much more natural to load a whole dataset into memory and then work with it as a whole. To make it easier, you're strongly nudged to design your data structure simply and uniformly. Thinking about clarity of data structures has many advantages - e.g., clearly seeing the algorithm as a whole, being able to pinpoint (and question) exceptions, optimize on the high(est) level... That doesn't mean J can't do sequential processing - but if you choose that, you want to understand why: is it the nature of the problem or is it a (questionable) implementation detail? Some start learning J by using it as a calculator. Indeed, what could be easier in the beginning - typing 2 + 2 produces expected result, same for 3 * 4 and 5 - 1, then you have built-in exponent (^3 produces 20.0855), logarithm (^. 20.0855 - kinda easy to remember, an inverse function), factorial (!6 makes 720)... Gradually it becomes less conventional - order of operations is always right-to-left (as in sqrt(sqrt(sqrt 2))) - that would be %: %: %: 2), negative numbers look like _1, _2, _3, sine and cosine are in the family of o. functions - 1 o. 1.5 gives 0.997495, 2 o. is 0.0707372 - and you're also allowed something like 5 + 1 2 3 which returns 6 7 8. A few more iterations - and you can use moderately complex expressions with infix notation, typing quite economically. Then vectorization gradually grows in more complex expressions... Charles Petzold in "Annotated Turing" gives a good explanation of this and related subjects. You think you know when you learn, are more sure when you can write, even more when you can teach, but certain when you can program. -- Alan Perlis As they say, that is, until you do machine learning. There is PDP-11 command (one word, 16 bits) which makes a copy of itself into a previous word (with address, in bytes, less by two) and passes the control to the new copy. Octal 103737... or something like that. Doesn't require make :) or cp and is pretty active - fills up all the memory space below the starting point in no time. Alpha is going to send 500 kg to orbit, while Beta - "which will likely be made up of a number of Alpha bodies in parallel staging" - 1100 kg. Sounds like a less mass-efficient design? That Scott Walker is in the office now means either 1) targeting isn't bad enough to not be able to win a governor race or 2) the story about targeting isn't credible enough - in other words, people discount it enough (not enough proof of acting) so that it doesn't matter. Curious what would it be. I think the first flight of a rocket which actually flew with an aerospike engine was in large part a university project - http://www.astronautix.com/engines/garspike.htm . May be this one - http://arstechnica.com/science/2013/04/how-nasa-brought-the-... ? What's the rationale for creating Symbols? Great post. However at the very end I wondered if such an esteemed professor should mention Soviet Union the way he did it. It was a big and diverse country. I don't believe we have a solution to human-vs.-machine question, which is better to go to space. On human side, many times both opponents and proponents of space robotics pointer out that for big exploration programs humans become more economical - as you still can't reproduce human abilities in space with robotics while spending the same resources, if you have big enough goals. Humans have other advantages too. Majority of people in modern NASA workforce say that they become interested in space when watching human space programs. So far no robotic achievements have psychological impact equal to humans in space. Next, there is eternal "explorational" argument - you don't really "get" space into your domain until you're actually maintain physical presence in it. Unless you at least fly on LEO, you aren't in space. Until you fly to the Moon, you don't "use" it. Etc. Next, while robotics is advancing with leaps and bounds, human spaceflight doesn't stand still. In 1990-s Dan Goldin, NASA administrator, ordered an evaluation of some options of going back to the Moon. The cheapest was using existing rockets - less than 30 tonns on LEO per launch - and the program was for less than a billion dollars. Note that a bunch of technologies used today in manned spaceflight are vastly superior to those used during Project Apollo. Getting to orbit becomes cheaper and safer - SpaceX is another evidence to that, but it's not at the end of technical possibilities. When you get spaceflight cheap enough, there is no stop for curious individuals to go to the Moon in person. Same for Mars - at least. What technologies will be employed for traveling in space - that's another matter. With cheaper and cheaper energy it will progressively make sense to make more and more safe - even if heavier - human spacecrafts. The more infrastructure in space we have - be it LEO stations, fuel depots on orbit, Moon-based fuel production, Mars navigational network etc - the easier it will be to launch both robots and humans. It's hard for me to see why we won't want to go. Going to Mars, you have the following options right now. You can shield the spacecraft from radiation with passive mass. That's relatively expensive option, but hardly technologically infeasible. The question is only the price of each kilogram on LEO, and that goes down steadily. You can use spacecraft magnetic field. An interesting area with a bunch of research to do. You can speed up the way to Mars, say, from 6-8 months today to 3 months, having to spend extra fuel at launch and at arrival. For that, you can e.g. revive Nerva-style engines. A combination of these (and possibly other) methods brings Mars closer even for today's safety standards. If both robotics and human spaceflight will become cheap enough, even the fact that, say, robotic flights are fixed times cheaper won't matter. You don't always refuse to get a cup of coffee just because it's several times more expensive than some alternatives. The absolute difference is small enough for you to just ignore the fixed relative difference. We shouldn't indefinitely rely on strong, well proven technologies if those have known serious drawbacks. Even now there are alternatives. IMO, better ones. The Vostochny spaceport project was lobbied in government at the time by those guys who helped to draft Roskosmos charter in early 1990's. The implementation can suffer, of course, but there are good reasons behind the idea itself. IIRC, Salyut-7 was gravity-stabilized on orbit - not spinning - by the time Dzhanibekov and Savinykh got to it. > And his comment on their rocket being the butt of a joke, using engines literally made in the 1960s and stored in Siberia were true. That was quite misleading on Elon's side. Engines were manufactured in 1970's (I believe in 1973-1974) after quite an extensive RND program - actualy, remake of similar engines, NK-15, which weren't nearly as good. NK-33 engines were tested as perhaps no others of theirs caliber - with tests like throwing metal chips (nuts?) into pumps, or running uninterrupted for ~4 hours (!) . Technical capabilities are also quite formidable - ok, Merlin-D has better thrust-to-weight, but worse Isp, and that's with the hindsight of ~40 years. Throttleable... relatively modest pressure by today's standards... And they were stored in Volga region, which is firmly Europe. So, Musk's comment - intentionally or not - painted OSC's decision in less-than-objective color. Well, Elon is known for exagerrating... and sometimes quite grossly. We'll know the scale. I'd like to see a detailed description of sockets work. Yes. The biggest achievement of SpaceX so far was economical and organizational. Musk cleverly employs latest - which are considered common sense in other industries - approaches to the industry known for its conservatism. That gives them - eventually - proverbial kick in the sensitive parts, making them care more. Odds of failure would perhaps be higher, given all the rest equal. Which is not - Soviet rocket engine school was at its golden age at the time, there were a lot of people both academically educated and who participated in large scale experiments with engines. Granted, today's capabilities allow us to surpass the level of sophistication achieved during the space race. However, we still need to try hard enough - and we know the support from governments is not as great. Limits of materials were pushed indeed. Some safety margins for materials were claimed as under 1.0 - i.e., 0.97 - that is, materials were pushed further than their limits. The idea was that since the engine is used once, we can use it in the manner that greatly reduces the life of the engine - and nobody would care, since a stage will be done with in a few short minutes. A lot of things were done quite unconventionally - remember SR-71, for example, or oxygen-rich pre-burners which were considered rather impossible. NK-33 remains unsurpassed even today by many criteria. Now it includes even the ability to work after 40 years of shelf line - which probably left the trace on engines reliability. It's certainly good that SpaceX uses many ways to test hardware, including those approaches successfully used before. During development of F-1 some interesting debugging techniques were invented, some could be well applied in SpaceX. Gas generator cycle in general doesn't allow reaching effective Isp as high as closed loop cycle. On the other hand, smaller pressure reduces stress and generally considered safer. NK-15 were single use engines, but NK-33 and most other modern engines are all reusable. And "computer science is one of the hardest branches of applied mathematics" (who's the author? Did Dijkstra said something like that?), so Lamport is in his own field. Is it similar to this approach - http://rogeralsing.com/2008/12/07/genetic-programming-evolut... - ? Yes, and even "FORTRAN" side represent several approaches - for example, straightforward imperative, like in assemblers or classic BASIC, or structural - which was a big step forward at the time - like Pascal. Then you have object-oriented languages, which are still different from structural, string-oriented Tcl, array-oriented APL... Wow, that's a lot of accusations! :) > They clearly dropped the ball after a few early successes in the space race. Not true - even in 90's when designing ISS Russian experience with space stations was one of the reasons to invite them to the project. > By the 70s the Soviet program was in tatters and a joke Presumably while continuing space stations program with ever increasing capabilities and flight times? Or have you heard about VEGA interplanetary automatic project - admittedly in 80's? > by the 80s the Shuttle did incredible things that the capsule based approach simple couldn't do (repairing hubble, etc) Have you heard about reviving Salyut-7 using Soyuz spacecraft? Dzhanibekov-Savinykh flight? > Obviously, the cost estimates of the shuttle were lower than real cost, but I can't think of any major project where that wasn't true. But Shuttle was particularly bad miss by costs, wasn't it? > the Shuttle was retired for a capsule based approach that is a private and public partnership I'd agree - but note how many years NASA pays to Roscosmos for flying astronauts to ISS and back. Shuttle was retired rather for safety reasons. > between NASA and companies like SpaceX who are showing us how cheap rockets can be Which also might be an attempt to reach Russian low cost figures by other means? > Its unfair to compare failed test projects, which were also fairly uninspired copies, like the Buran and the N1 to workhorses like the Saturn V and the Shuttle. Here you're clearly missing the mark. N1 wasn't a copy of anything whatsoever. All-kerosene 5-stages stack? Record (bigger than Saturn-5) liftoff thrust? Number of separate engines? Spherical tanks? Not that Buran was particularly uninspired - for one, Energia was capable of flying even without Buran, for another, Buran used kerosine-LOX as main orbital fuel - with advantages both in efficiency and toxicity over Shuttle. > The Russiophilia around here is pretty high and unfairly so. You might be right here - it's highly subjective - but you have to admit USSR had plenty of original achievements. > oddball projects like mounting 50 cal guns on space stations If you'd analyze carefully, you'll see that those were mostly perfect rational decisions given information which was available at the time. Sense of oddity can be explained by incomplete review. > pathetic attempts at cloning western successes like the Concorde That one I don't get at all. How Tu-144, which flew before Concorde, be a copy of Concorde? Well, Korolev also spent some months in GULAG. But I believe the point in article was not that people in system were "suddenly" agreeing with system - rather that system's concepts lead them to some discoveries. You forgot separation of research and teaching. Stalin purged so many military commanders it's doubtful USSR wouldn't have advantages in WW2 without Stalin. The war would likely be fought very differently - or not fought at all, as Hitler wouldn't be so careless with his Barbarossa plan. Unfortunately yes, to some extent. Propaganda is a serious force, as latest events in Russia and Ukraine are showing. I don't see why certain inorganic substances (like e.g. HOOH) can't be made? Sounds an awful lot as a managerspeak. Estimations are hard - and in general, it's hard to make predictions, especially for the future, and here we're talking about estimations of a future moment. A lot of that $2B cost comes from requirement that everything should just work, and therefore thoroughly tested, because customers don't want to have it broken in space where no one can fix things and have to send another one... which costs $2B... see cyclical reasoning? If launches would be cheaper, customers could afford to make less expensive payloads - after all, if it breaks, they can just send another one. A primary reason why payloads are so expensive is because launch services - used to be - so expensive. With lowering the launch price payloads can become cheaper. Not all military satellites require some outstanding capabilities - and military does launch cubesats and other small-scale devices today. Reminding that if 50 years ago military requests pushed boundaries of technology, today commercial applications are so demanding - and command such a large market - that it is military devices which piggyback on RND results of commercial ones. Yes, you may always want a unique, expensive, cutting edge satellite. But you won't always need that - military doesn't directly set the goal to spend as much as possible. X-37 demonstrates a lot of capabilities while being much cheaper than previous reusable space vehicle. So with launch costs going down other, cheaper opportunities open - to everybody, including military. That's beside the idea that cheaper rocket doesn't mean worse rocket, reminding Japanese cars of few decades back. There were an interesting report about manufacturing lenses using 3D printer - for original shapes, which then are additionally processed. The article described covering 'layered' lens shape with a film which makes the surface smooth and then using that for making a form for final casting of the transparent plastic. It wasn't a complete replacement for lenses - but still an interesting step towards automating the process. I do think that Basic Income is a promising approach. However socialistic it may sound, we have the situation where this solution looks reasonable. We can expect drawbacks, and one of them could be the growing dependence on the state paying the Income; examples of some other states where it happens may suggest this can lead to lessening of freedoms in the society. This means that together with Basic Income the question will arise about maintaining the state to be a service to the people creating that. You ought to understand that what Russian officials are publicly saying and what they actually intend doing are quite different. Russian bureaucracy is every bit interested in supplying engines while they bring back significant cash. To stop doing that is directly hurting their abilities to enjoy life outside of Russia - which they aren't prepared to lose. The fact that payloads are so expensive is partially caused by the launches being so expensive, so reducing the launch price tag will cause reduction in payload costs. Here is an example of how inspection could be done by professionals: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dWCI4S4fGg Don't want to diminish SpaceX achievements, but for some comparable systems results could be similarly interesting. For example, Soyuz rockets are launched at least twice (at least 12 per year, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_R-7_launches_%282010%E... ) more often than Falcon last year (highest frequency so far), their pumps and chambers, modules of first stage are manufactured in corresponding numbers (6 pumps per rocket, 20 main thrust chambers for 1 and 2 stages alone, 4 modules of first stage), the rocket is largely - though not completely - manufactured in one closely tied cluster of companies (in Samara city on Volga river, where it is also designed and upgraded). Admittedly these results came after half a century of incremental improvements - but it's interesting to compare SpaceX results with some other offerings. Impressive PR machine, yes. However, von Braun reportedly said "Late to bed, early to rise, work like hell - and advertise" so underscoring the importance of PR. We need to judge both by PR and actual performance. So far there is plenty of both to talk about. Don't forget Ivan Efremov's works. E.g. "Andromeda Nebula". > Experimentation is the key to science. Computer science is a branch of mathematics. Here you build models, reason about them, find properties, then prove them, then rely on them. Tests - a.k.a. experiments - are usually not exhaustive and don't provide guarantees of correctness. Having said that, I agree that experiment is of crucial importance - how else you would validate your models in the first place? However, both experimenting and reasoning can be flawed, and part of the trick is to learn how to do that properly. Computer science is difficult. And that applies not only to engineers, but to managers - i.e., task definers. Managers aren't interested to ask engineers to build something which will withstand the test of time unless they are sure that time will be actually needed - and with limited information (and high speed of changes) you have today managers tend to think short term. So the whole civilization works along the principle of dog chasing the rabbit running from left to right - instead of predicting where rabbit will be in 10 seconds, let's run straight towards the rabbit and in half a second update the course. We win since rabbits don't usually run predictably along the straight line. I think Teller was discussing at least once big bombs as a countermeasure against falling asteroid/comet threat. I guess you might actually need a gigaton bomb in a case like that? Unfortunately, Jeri starts with silicon wafers which have to be obtained somewhere outside of home usually. http://www.aaai.org/Papers/AAAI/1986/AAAI86-044.pdf Apparently cooking with AI has some successes in its history. Wonder if JC will decide to make a comeback? I assume AA was suspended for lack of funds to expand the development program - but, say, fuel tests were wonderful. What Mr. Mueller would say? :) "Lisp is... a good assembly language because it is possible to write Lisp in a style that directly reflects the operations available on modern computers." Peter Norvig, Paradigms of Artificial Intelligence Programming. "Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can perform without thinking about them." A. N. Whitehead. It's often said that a Lisp advantage is to be able to write sloppy - without fully understanding what's needed. I guess you can model that degree of "less constraints" in Haskell as well? Otherwise constant forcing "understand what you're doing" can sometimes be a burden. > this class of activity privileges the concrete over the abstract Agree, however here are other considerations. Symbolic analysis won over words for tasks like x^2+10x=39 , so advantages like these are not absolute. Math notation continue to evolve - e.g., APL language invention attempted strict inline notation. I'd say instead of written "word" a generic form of communications is free-form drawing - including schemas, diagrams, graphs, blueprints. Of course here we use pen and paper, and smart computers would be careful not to get in the way of what we can do "with the speed of thought". E.g., the oscillator schema which Bret displayed and then analyzed had to be first created, and to "record a thought" scribbling on paper a shape of a transistor is likely faster than, say, dragging it from an electronic components library, which first has to be ready for that. When you don't know a symbolic method, you use specific numbers in specific examples, look into many examples and then generalize - moving to symbols. When you already know an appropriate symbolic method, you can switch gears and instead of "specific" numbers use "specific" symbolic manipulations. Surprisingly little is said about Outer Treaty Law and its implications. Wonder how this law, if enacted, will hold in court. > Elon [Musk] is very worried about existential threats to humanity (which is why he is building rockets with the idea of sending humans colonize other planets). It's an odd solution. Won't a capable AI be able to reach humanity even on Mars if it needs to? Now, who can explain the Noether's theorem binding conservation law with an invariant better than "Structure and Interpretation of Classical Mechanics"? :) > So we have a language with bad syntax, good semantics, and a horrible problem from an educational perspective. "bad syntax" in case of J triggers begging to differ. Yes, it's hard to decipher without the dictionary. However, math notation - and J descended from there - isn't that obvious either, unless learned. A crucial idea of APL is "good notation enables thinking". This is quite valid for at least some J programmers. And J was born as a better APL, evolving from latest APL versions of the time with some problems visible in the retrospect fixed. Though I think had Unicode developed earlier J could look differently. Yes, there is the recursion in J; yes, it's not used too often. Why that should be a problem? Indeed. Roughly, the whole idea of free market economy, a.k.a. capitalism, is based on theory of rational behavior of participants - and also on assumption of complete information about the matters which are being decided. Advertisements heavily change that last assumption (lies, selective omissions or inclusions), so much that the whole system doesn't work as expected. Game-theoretically, everybody incentivized to advertise his goods, while together we make market working worse for everyone - conflicting goals. I wonder if there are theories modelling this state of things. He later mentions the argument against the strong version of S-W. As for "S-W is not correct", that's interesting - arguments countering it are not known to me. You know that there is no perfect security, right? So do you imply that, since security is so important, government should stop function? Anything government does decreases security, even if so slightly. Russian government is focused on preserving the power right now - nothing else matters. Situation is far from stable - check Russian economic indicators, for example, or recent laws, say, against "foreign agents". For that reason a lot of newspapers, TV channels etc are forced to switch to propaganda, the source paper Izvestia is among them. This article is "for internal use" - meaning that is intended to show Russian readers how bad the West is. That's unfortunate situation, to say the least. J has pretty good - but may be small - community on Jsoftware forums. J libraries are small but ever growing - are there particular examples of R libraries which are sorely missing in J? I should admit I was asking myself the question of this topic. Had a kind of opposite experience with K. J seems quite reasonable - intuitively - after reading very good "J for C programmers" ( http://jsoftware.com/help/jforc/contents.htm ) . And symbols in J chosen for most operations also seem good - at least after some small use. "NB." is immediately "nota bene" (I guess knowing some Latin doesn't hurt - it's "note well", but I always understand it as "note that") - don't some other languages use this acronym for comments as well? What is IMO particularly good in K is the small size of the interpreter. J is "for the whole math", while K is "for practical 99% of cases" - at least it feels like that. Having small interpreter which fits in CPU cache allows potentially to run faster than with assembler, because K code is packed densely - so less time to wait for slow memory. Here it means "more popular than Lisp, Java, C++..." - so context matters. This - http://matt.might.net/articles/discrete-math-and-code/ - is probably relevant... While laws can be seen as more complex than some simple - straightforward, deterministic - logic of a program, modern programming evolve fast to include more complex models. Advancements of machine learning, applications of Bayesian networks can produce programs with outputs similar to applications of laws. Laws themselves - by their nature - have to have an abstract element in them and a degree of generality, which makes them similar to computer code. It is those other features of laws which represent difficulties - from a programmer standpoint - which are left to be modeled with enough accuracy to be useful. I think looking at Rosetta Code you shouldn't make conclusions about selling points :) . Rather you can use RC as a repository of J programs, which happen to have many examples - comparing to repositories for other languages on the same RC. If you're familiar with RC, you know that it encouraged participation with unusual languages, as it's generally hard to find lots of examples of code for them. RC is a code chrestomathy site, but for Java and likes it's easy to find many good examples elsewhere. So rare languages comparatively shine on RC. Location: San Jose, SF Bay Area Remote: no Willing to relocate: no Technologies: Java back end (most probable) Resume: https://www.linkedin.com/in/avmich Email: alexander dot mikhailov at most-popular-Google-email-service Well, in 1988 when Buran was publicly shown, people already had rather different things in mind to worry about :) - it was third year of Perestroika, and things were changing... Of course, for those interested in the subject differences became quickly known. A launcher rocket which uses only liquid engines - so you can have a safer flight with an ability to actually shut down stages if necessary. A bigger payload and an automated landing - something which wasn't so clearly demonstrated by the American counterpart. Little details like launch during heavy wind, launcher which is able to fly separately, non-toxic fuel onboard Buran... I guess it differs between people, what is easier to grasp :) . Pressure of air makes a real physical force (actually, pressure is defined as that total force divided by area). At the same time deflection downward, which implies an upward force, is correct but doesn't show the mechanism how actually that implied force is born. It is born out of the difference of pressure between top of the screwdriver and the bottom - at the bottom you have more or less undisturbed ambient pressure, at the top the flow reduces the pressure. What was interesting to me is Ben's experiment with long enough cone which failed to get lift. Shouldn't be so, I think. The problem could be that his air jet is relatively narrow - so with a long cone, which makes an angle with the stream not the whole cone gets flown over, and not the whole area is under the reduced pressure. It would be very interesting to see if a wider air jet would still fail to lift the long tapered cone. > The heroic era spanned only eleven years (1961–72) compared to the shuttle’s thirty, with a much longer list of firsts, and this fact contains an important lesson about the history of American spaceflight as well. We did a lot in a very short span of time, and then we did a lot less for a lot longer. Soon, of course, we’ll be doing nothing at all. Really? Nothing at all? And list of projects developing new hardware both for manned flights and for launching payloads isn't long enough? > This is the paradox of growing up in the shuttle era: the vehicle is more complex and advanced, its reusability makes it much more cost-effective, and its versatility makes possible missions the Saturn V never could have accomplished, such as repairs to the Hubble Space Telescope and construction of the International Space Station. Really? Saturn-V couldn't carry a mission to repair Hubble Space Telescope similar to Soyuz mission to repair Salyut-7? International Space Station couldn't be build using Atlas and Delta, Proton and Ariane alone - especially after Mir was built by Protons? You're kidding, right? My favorite counterargument to moon conspiracists is the following: it was technically possible to fly to the Moon, and way easier to fly than to convince everybody without actually flying; so - why not to fly? Technical details of the Apollo project show, that it's not rocket science :) by today's standards at least, not so much. Meaningful application of known approaches, moderately conservative (say, F-1 parameters, except thrust, were well within known models proven already experimentally), with a lot of work... but not really magic, no more than you'd expect from a project of that size. Well, there could be some counterarguments. > Allows you to get a mortgage Wonder if that was always so? Didn't people manage somehow to have a house without something which name suggests it will be paid for the whole life? > Allows you to protect yourself with health/car/life/home/title/etc insurance A casino, right? On average you lose, but for a price you buy a hedge against unforeseen? At least unforeseen for you? > Pays for your highways/stadiums/schools and other public works I thought my taxes pay for that :) . Do you mean "finances" as "machinery which helps moving money"? I think there are several definitions there. > Protects your deposits That's great and helpful > Pays for your retirement Nah, that's those same deposits. I largely pay myself for retirement, by saving the whole life. There is also an element of "societal insurance", when I pay a little extra to help myself in case I suddenly become disabled. Or dead. Or, well, not so little; that depends. > Funds the college fund that paid for your school Again, it's either another example of "moving money", or an oddity - as people managed to get educated even without banks. > ... Or the student loans that allowed you to attend school Same thing. > Supports the global supply chain that brings you your iPhone, stocks the grocery store/your favorite restaurants with food, and puts the clothes on your back. Yes, that's another important role - bringing together lenders and borrowers, for a fee. One ought to assume the fee in the computerized XXI century should be small? > Funds the growth of corporations large and small, giving you the job that allows you to buy an iPhone Same thing. Banks don't "fund" - they "serve". Money aren't theirs, but theirs', banks', depositors. > Funds the massive philanthropy expenditures that help those in need everyday Talked about that already. > Pays the pensions of the elderly We already talked about that. So, to boil down - banks provide money-related services, like "guarding" deposits (you pay for the privilege) or "investing" deposit money (you ought to share risks and benefits). Other than that... Arrrgh, but Lambda-4 was kinda similar... pretty light and quite simple, yet orbital launcher it was. So may be Lebanon had a way forward, which could lead them to orbit... I thank you - and all other who replied - deeply, but I'm not sure I understand you - or agree with you. I do assume there are two kinds of banks. One is "retail", or financial services, as I understand it. Gets its money as fees. Another is investment - this one takes risks and reaps rewards, but it's a different kind of organization - somewhat similar to a group of people, who pooled their money and work on a kind of gambling, often reaping rewards, but also taking risks. Talking about this second group, it's entirely different - for many people who are not members of that group of investors (risk-takers) it's outside of what they deal with. So I'm mostly talking about first group. For example, my point regarding insurance is that I'm dealing with professionals having different amount of information than I do, and benefiting from that. Theoretically market should bring insurance premiums to some average profit margin. Also theoretically I should be able to earn on average more than I spend on average on insurance, so examples with big expenses are supposed to be exceptions, and on average I'd have more money paying for cases myself. In that sense, insurance premiums are spent (supposed to be, mostly) on cases where insurance events happen. Next, "those same deposits" - I think the word "principal" is meaningful :) as there won't be interest without principal. So I still think we talk about deposits - together with added relatively modern service of investing, getting some averaged interest and paying some fees to the service which does the investing. Yes, that's the core service. Of retail banks... may be we actually agreeing here? Next, of course banks invest, that's how they pay that interest. The principal money still aren't theirs - so banks don't "fund" - as in "fund with their own money" - since retail banks by definition don't deal with their own money; instead banks pass those money as credits - or, yes, even to buy shares. The fact that, say, universities takes their budgets from interest shows that service works - but it's not the banks, who "pay" - don't assign the source to them - it's principal, combined with the service (for which banks don't pay, but receive fees), which generates interest. Bank is a sort of an engine which you feed with fuel to get desired outcome (bad analogy, I know), but I think fuel here is more principal (sic), more fundamental than the service. So LA is out of luck in both trips? > A solution for identity doesn't necessarily imply a lack of anonymity on the entire internet. Are you sure it's possible to have a solution with all requirements the article specifies yet without infringing on anonymity? A bunch of solutions I'm thinking about suffer from one or more shortcomings. > (IIRC, with the overall records, the compassion is more even.) You can consider ill-fated Komarov's flight as a part of early testing of Soyuz. Sort of like Apollo-1 crew forced making Apollo much more fire resistant. Soyuz, as a non-reuseable technology (actually, some parts are reused) benefits from incremental improvements; Soyuz of today has quite different equipment than it had in late 60-s. Komarov, as well as Volkov, Dobrovolskii and Patsaev paid with their lives to make Soyuz safer... this is part of the reason this old design still carries two to four flight per year without casualties. Still way less safer than the aspired gold standard of commercial aviation :) - relatively recently Soyuz had some ballistic aerobraking scenarios, where safety margins are thin... I liked experience writing Tomita LR parser generator in J - while learning both parsing and J :) . ~700 lines heavily commented code with tests... Of course now it doesn't seem all that hard. "Google argues that the commission's proposed remedies, which include obliging its website to display ads "sourced and ranked" by rival companies, would only have a legal basis if it were a monopoly provider of essential supplies such as gas or electricity." Interesting. So, Google isn't a monopoly or web search that it provides isn't essential supply. That means, as I understand, there are plenty of comparable rivals in the search area - or the search itself isn't particularly important today. Is it so? Haven't heard about Europe-based - or anything-based search engines, which were as successful as Google, or even by half as successful. Similarly, I don't know many working people who don't search on the Internet daily. May be they can avoid doing that, but they probably don't want to. Sounds strange. > this will be the most inexpensive option Why do you think so? Russians are charging a steep price because of their monopoly, but it doesn't mean they have similarly high costs. As soon as a competitor surfaces, they can reduce the price. Do you think SpaceX will be able to compete on price? Why? Some Soyuz design decisions were surely off the mark :) . Like, diameter of the capsule - when they tried to squeeze into a particular rocket (fairing?) diameter while having good enough aerodynamics while solid surface-to-volume ratio. On the other hand, the whole craft weight just above 7 tons - and that's with almost 9 cubic meters of internal volume, and lots of systems still using analog electronics. And, by the way, without toxic propellants in the capsule. Granted, today one can - and should - do better. We'll see. > They built their platform from scratch. Yes, but SpaceX makes rather different ship from scratch. Crew Dragon should be nicer to ride than Soyuz - more space, better aerodynamics. But better qualities don't mean less price. > The Russians are using 1960s tech still. Yes, but that makes some tech more flight-proven and amortized over time. Like rockets - Soyuz and Proton are old, but quite inexpensive (albeit with reliability issues lately). At the same time, lots of internals of Soyuz were changed. > It also helps SpaceX that Russia is always threatening to embargo exports of their rocket motors. Fully agree here. But that's not quite economical issue. Bernoulli force is just a way to look at things. It can fully explain the lift - as well as why planes can fly upside down. Alternatively, you can operate with direct Newton laws without referring to Bernoulli effect. You can mix these two explanations :) or have some other one - these are all just different aspects of the same process. For example, from Newton one can state that the whole lifting force F_lp acting on the plane is opposite to gravity force F_gp acting on the plane, so plane flies horizontally (in the simple case): F_lp + F_gp = 0. Next, from third law of mechanics the lifting force F_lp acting on the plane is opposite to F_da force acting on air downward: F_lp = -F_da. From the second law of mechanics force F_da acting on air causes the air momentum to change: F_da = dp/dt, which means that either the plane pushes a lot of air down or the plain pushes air down really fast, just like article says. Looking into the picture from Bernoulli perspective, we can talk about flows around the wing. If say we have a wing which is flat underneath and curvy on top, the air is initially pushed upwards until the top point of the wing is reached. From there air continues along the wing profile, which goes down, so air has a chance to accelerate - this is effectively an empty space which becomes available to the air, and air goes from points of higher pressure to points of lower pressure. The air speed increases, the pressure remains less than in (unchanged) air below, so we're getting the Bernoulli effect - lower pressure above the wing. If the plane is upside down, it won't fly horizontally. It has to fly somewhat upwards - in which case flows on both sides of wings change, with net effect the same - the air is pushed down, pressure under the wing is higher than above, both Newton and Bernoulli explanations work. > H2 just doesn't provide enough bang for your buck. This seems to be a stretched generalization. You do need energy accumulator to use it in transport systems, and H2 is pretty efficient by mass. It's not without problems of course, but dismissing it as a whole... > There are things we can't do yet, such as orbital insertions, with ion engines. We can do orbital insertions - if we approach a planet or asteroid with parabolic speed, we need only small change to get to an elliptic orbit, and that orbit can be later shaped as we need. What we can't do is a launch or landing with bodies with sufficient gravity - like Moon or Vesta. There we don't have time to accelerate. Here is a link to the collection of iKe demos: http://johnearnest.github.io/ok/ike/ike.html I remember how I was surprised to find that you can implement compare-and-swap purely in software (with some caveats :) but still, IMO, preserving the idea). See, e.g. Peterson's algorithm. It does have a lock, but only for finite (and brief, if you will) moment, and, wrapped as procedure, is externally lock-free. You still rely on ability to locally order operations in time (i.e., you have to be sure that you - the CPU - reads from that memory cell strictly after it completed writing into this one) - so there are restrictions for modern CPUs. You might have issues if you want to synchronize many threads/processes - as the locking delay may become too long. But still. > “International data transfers are the lifeblood of the digital economy,” said Townsend Feehan, chief executive of IAB Europe, which represents online advertising companies including Google as well as small start-ups. The ruling “brings with it significant uncertainty as to the future possibility for such transfers.” A typical reaction for some, sigh. They can have all the certainty they want. Just stop transfers and they will be certainly stopped. But somehow I suspect it's actually not uncertainty which worries them. Wow, somebody on HN is taking Heinlein very seriously :) . OP - really good words! Tempted to print the whole passage and hang in the office :) . Vim and Emacs talks are similar to friendly discussion about virtues of Lisp and APL. Lisp is about universal mechanism to adapt to everything which is lambda, so you can grow it for the task at hand. APL is about carefully complete set of orthogonal primitives which can be combined, so it's "library-less language", harder to extend, focused not on programming but on describing computation itself - using finite universal set of operations. Vim operations are suspiciously reminding those odd operators - verbs, adverbs, conjunctions - of J. Did anybody try to use APL or another array-oriented language for these multicore chips? Interesting, I saw the opposite effect. If a language is "just another XYZ" and can be learned quickly, people will play with it, then may be shelf it - as it usually doesn't offer new power. However, if it's "tricky", some people will become genuinely interested - and will put efforts to see if it adds abilities to their toolset. Extremely different companies. Blue Origin founded, IIRC, before SpaceX - yet has comparatively little to show, even though it had money of Bezos. Masten "graduated" from Experimental Rocket Propulsion Society - erps.org - from San Jose, CA area; the group still has projects going on! I've heard of planning to use alcohol - ethyl alcohol - as fuel for Kliper spacecraft in RKK Energiya. Reminding that Soyuz capsule still uses hydrogen peroxide as its RCS fuel. So alcohol isn't that much of "non-real" fuel. The latter remains to be seen, the former is good - and the number of flights they had to achieve that is quite odd. Looks like Bezos is a follower of quite different development philosophy than e.g. John Carmack. Blue Origin way of doing things isn't clear - may be by design. Are we taking into account the cold reserves which are melting on the poles now? Temperature won't rise too high until polar caps are melting - they serve as a buffer... Sunshades is a good idea. Another one is to actively reduce CO2 content in air - of course, after reducing emissions in the first place. http://www.azimuthproject.org/azimuth/show/HomePage A common idea was "any single system fault shouldn't make catastrophe by itself". Nowadays it's "any single fault shouldn't jeopardize the mission and any two faults should still allow for safe return of the crew". The redundancies are designed in accordance to this. From this perspective Gagarin would die if both accelerating stage worked longer and retrorockets failed. Only one of this two systems malfunctioned - so, barely, he managed to return unscathed. Mercury is an incredible spacecraft. Incredibly small and light - less than 1400 kilogram, comparing to more than 4000 kilogram of Vostok. As an astronaut (Grissom?) put it, "you don't enter Mercury - you carefully put the spacecraft on you like gloves". Pointing to existing state of affairs as an argument why this is ever more efficient is to deny the existence of progress, which is clearly wrong. Current advantage of electromobiles on the market over hydrogen cars is not important. Musk is known to make predictions which fail and to make announcements which are either false or misleading. Musk does a lot - but says even more, and some of what he says robs him of trust. May be he doesn't know something? Elon several times praised Merlin engines - which are certainly quite impressive. But he seemingly omitted some other rocket engines which were technically even better. He's very good in delivering - and delivering a lot, but I think he still promises even more. And that's not too typical for engineers. They do sometimes; a lunar resources conference, in the aftermath of Apollo missions, had discussions regarding use of Moon regolith for things like refueling. Detander - a gas liquifier - can be pretty small and lightweight even for a big flow. Industrial hydrogen liquifiers are built routinely since 1950s if not earlier. If you're trying to liquify hydrogen, you'll find out that most - almost all - impurities in the gas become liquid or solid before hydrogen becomes liquid. That's a good way to clean hydrogen, so you won't have an odd mixture as the result. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_units You can use units which are very neat and pretty logical for some things - and very inconvenient for others. That's, I think, the reason we have all that variety of units, which don't quite follow the same system. Centimeters are there just because of utility in less than strict cases; may be brains are simplifying by dropping unnecessary precision digits from consideration. Same for Kelvin - we don't measure temperature in, say, electron-volts, not only because Volt isn't a natural unit. Yes, to me, as a SI person, argument for 12-based system looks ridiculous :) . Starting with "we don't have 12 digits" and then just saying there's no problem with division by 3 - you sure can handle the .3333... infinite tail in your head; by 4 - those .25 with properly adjusted comma - by 5, 6, 8, 9... It's all just a matter of habit. > Dividing 1 foot by 4 is much easier than dividing 30cm. That's of course very subjective. One has to remember that 1 foot is 12 inches, where in metrics one only remember once all prefixes and applies them to all units uniformly. Language should be natural enough for the person to use and good enough to apply for the problem at hand. We don't yet know how to have consistently good solutions for these requirements. For me, {} are better than spaces - perhaps because of habits, but what will I get in - non-effortless - changing my habit in this place? "Add a few parenthesis" advice seems the opposite - don't we want not to have to use artifacts for clarification, but have simple and natural defaults working? Etc. > Acting in a way that isn't considered stupid is a goal shared by most reasonable people, but many of them likely overlook one key attribute that might allow them to better achieve it: modesty. Unfortunately that doesn't pay. We're somehow encouraged to take risks here. The problem is that a lot of people are constantly trying to look confident, but trying to avoid paying for mistakes at the same time. They prefer situations when their confidence is hard to check. A whole culture is developed around that and Scott Adams' Dilbert series has large supply of situations when confidence trumps modesty. Did you really try to be on any of the sides of such a relationship? Otherwise I'm afraid you can be surprised. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fuel_cell#Efficiency_of_leadin... "According to the U.S. Department of Energy, fuel cells are generally between 40–60% energy efficient." I feel like I'm reading a beauty contest gossip :) . Strong opinions, weak arguments... Strictly speaking, there is no such a thing as "guarantee". Your alarm clock may malfunction in an important moment. An asteroid can suddenly wipe civilization with all insurance providers (now that's an idea...) So you - in a strict sense of a word - always have to estimate and compare probabilities. A language efficiency is about how convenient it is to use for humans to express and absorb ideas about solving a problem. A lot goes into that. It starts with programmers training to look into problem some way, which allows to formalize the task - as in conversion of a physical problem to a mathematical model. Then it proceeds to offer good abstractions to use for problem statement. Those abstractions should be convenient - a reasonable set, a generic nature, a good correspondence to "the real world". Then composability of those abstractions should allow more convenient canned solutions to common subproblems - which are libraries. Last two parts require to carefully select the language syntax. It turns out it's tricky to have a language which is good enough for every possible problem to solve. It's also hard to have a good set of composability features - usually you have one set of several possible, and you don't have at the same time all possible mechanisms to combine and use primitives. I'm not sure Fortran compares well with existing offerings. Literal "formula translation" is a basis of several language philosophies (APL comes to mind), and in non-numeric applications there are other issues. > One kind that often comes up Fortran is "efficiency of using the CPU". I think that's rather efficiency of implementation of the language's compiler. Yes, given particular hardware properties, it might be beneficial to have language enforcing programmers to use mechanisms, which are easier (for translator) to convert to hardware instructions. If they live not at the center of the far side - and if they choose the wrong direction (because how should they know?) - they can travel more than a quarter of the moon great circle. Boris Chertok described how the first picture was received from the Moon. Korolev and others were in the room, the printer started to print, a very vague picture appeared. Somebody said "we know now that the Moon is round" - so little could be seen on the picture. A chief project engineer apparently wasn't satisfied, said "we'll get another picture, a better one", took the paper print, torn it and threw into waste basket. Korolev was calm: "Do you understand, that this is the first - realize it, the first - image of the far side of the Moon, seen by humans?" They did get better pictures later :) . May be they wanted good speed, freedom from particularly complicated FPGAs, and not to have to order chips as ASICs?.. I'd like to know too; this could be a good thing to have. This is a machine for early adopters - not the followers. The first example reminds me specifications of some types in typed Clojure. Part of the reason it gets complaints is those tricky types. At least they look like that, comparing to Haskell. You can't then have meaningful relationships in the marriage - for some definition of "meaningful". As every operating system is, right? And some clarifications at http://math.ucr.edu/home/baez/noether.html . And I think Noether's theorem covers regular conservation of momentum - that is, equivalence of laws in every point of space - which is actually at question here. I wonder if the author can prove that what he's writing is actually the case. What we have here are statements. How much those statements are based on truth remains to be seen. Until then we should take them with a grain of salt, in the wake of recent developments. It's interesting that those agencies claim their access to communications is required for them to do their work. It feels a little bit like they got too lazy and relying on those telegraph messages used relatively widely - contrary to letter contents - will always be available to them. Now, a couple century later, they're suddenly at the state when that's not always the case - but they did they work relying on that for so long they can't do that otherwise... Wonder what other means to catch criminals could be available? So, with Saturn-5 only 15% was dry mass - and with Skylon 20%? That's 33% increase. Moreover, Saturn-5 was staged - and Skylon is single-stage, and have single stage to orbit with 20% dry mass looks somewhat like a miracle. Is it not possible to dampen phonons before they will break the thread? You probably don't need to have vary long monomolecular threads, you can have many shorter ones weaved in a thicker rope. I used to think space elevators are practically impossible because of interactions with lower flying space objects. Now I'm less sure; perhaps we can have a technology of active avoidance. Other problems - like an extremely capable cable material, ways to climb up and down etc - are getting gradually solved over last years, so I'm cautiously more optimistic than before. It'd be possible for public to mount enough pressure on government to allow for that. Given a few assumptions, of course - enough information, attentive enough government, enough energy in the society etc. Wonder why Firefox doesn't seem to display this PDF correctly... The book is excellent though. That's not enough. Government is a service for you - it should be naked by default, while you're clothed by default. Can you explain why? "Default" doesn't mean "always" - we can talk about hiding something, which is related to external threats. Why this can't work? Soviets definitely lost the race to the Moon - that's at least the overall feeling prevailing now in Russian space circles. However USSR did participate in that race - even though they denied that for long time. USSR did a lot on that path; I'd say roughly 80% of the road to success. That includes N-1 rocket, which in fourth flight almost completed successfully the first stage burn. Upper stages were better tested on Earth and had higher chances of working right in early flights. Also from the way first N-1 flew one can see that engineers were systematically eliminating problems. The Achilles' heel of the N-1 rocket was engines of the first stage - NK-15, which were due to be replaced in the next flight with much better NK-33. The next flight N-1 could already be significantly more successful; but the program was cancelled. That also includes hardware like Soyuz spacecraft, which with a lot of modifications still flies today, and D stage, which is used on Protons and Zenits to boost satellites to the geostationary orbit. NK-33 engines flew on Antares rocket and on Soyuz 2-1v Russian rocket. That also includes lunar landing ship, which was successfully tested on Earth orbit in three flights. Additionally USSR had a good program for exploring the Moon with robots, including Lunokhods, lunar orbital spacecrafts and automatic sample return vehicles - Luna-16, Luna-20 and Luna-24. And also Zond program - with first circumlunar flights by a spacecraft which later returned to Earth with living animals onboard. USSR had rather good lunar program - and that was way less expensive than American one - but lost the race to send a human to the Moon itself. However, from Russian point of view, that was just a - big, but not final - episode in space. 1970-s were the decade of first space stations, and USSR achieved a number of impressive firsts there. Losing to America with reusable spacecraft - Buran flew only once, later than Shuttle, and that was still better than no landing at all in the Moon race - Russia kept perfecting orbital space stations, and Mir was the world class orbital laboratory - some features of which were surpassed by ISS only many years later. At the end, Russia still has a unique combination of abilities to do things in space - even though it can't match USSR's pace. I highly suspect those titans of innovations - in many areas - just happen to be among the first to get to relatively low hanging fruits in a new area... This pattern repeats in many fields. Not to diminish Amdahl's achievements, of course. Did you see APL live coding on stage? Just curious. Is it possible to DIY 4004 now, given all the information? :) Thank you, but the idea was to actually recreate the die itself. That's where one can use all those available masks. FPGA path is nice, but masks are useless - and instead a HDL is needed, with the whole 'nother toolchain. > Hundreds of thousands of Californians who were once in custody but never charged still have their DNA stored in law enforcement databases Can those databases be cleaned from this information? By a judge request maybe? > A cancer researcher is rewarded less than a supermodel. Why? Because those abilities are rarer and affect more people. Really? World has more - or even proportionally more - cancer researchers, than it has supermodels? Or, putting it another way, the superstar cancer researchers make something comparable to supermodels? Recently a book for kids was published, in Russian, which describes TRIZ in an easy manner. http://fictionbook.ru/static/trials/09/81/13/09811350.html Main character, a boy called Denis frequently sees problems around him, which allow him to apply his TRIZ skills. The book has explanation and problems, so the reader can try to learn the method. Works for me :( . Here are other links - http://5razvorotov.livejournal.com/1197775.html http://www.u-mama.ru/read/section/reviews/books-for-child/72... http://www.labirint.ru/books/376992/ Doesn't sound very convincing. What's the significant difference between those technologies? Both JSON and XML represent trees, they both allow to validate structure, specify a location on the tree. Why JSON is "data format", and XML "language" - and what is the difference between these two concepts? I feel a bit sorry for XML. A modern evolution of SGML, which pursued ideas of reliable data storage for decades, XML was an attempt to be user-friendly, to be easy to deal with manually. It was after all rather similar to HTML, on appearance. However, XML is too verbose for automated processing, and too inconvenient for manual work today when there is JSON - or other more "humane" formats. So it seems it's on the way out. I'd say yes it's worth reading. The material is pretty basic, as it's targeted on 10 years old. The book came I think only in 2012, I'm not sure if there is an English version. Well, Russians are world leaders in at least kerosene-based rocket engines for one. And ULA doesn't quite lack just any engines - they have RS-68 hydrogen engines. Or if you don't have a reliable supplier of engines. In this case world politics meddled with space rocketry, so supplier's goods became less than completely available. Only Atlas-V. Delta-IV uses American hydrogen engines (RS-68); however Delta-IV is rather more expensive than Atlas-V. Even though Atlas-IV is rather more expensive than Falcon-9 - which uses simpler, less performant but cheaper technology. I had the opposite experience with learning J. After a couple of days meditating about concept of rank (here is the most relevant part of the excellent book - http://www.jsoftware.com/help/jforc/declarations.htm#_Toc191... ) it went much easier. On the other hand, with Haskell I can even write monads myself now, but I hardly see their usefulness yet. Can optionally include this solution - http://codon.com/programming-with-nothing (at the end). LEO difficulty is mostly speed, not height. SpaceShipOne flew above 100 km - but it's a long way to reach Vostok-1 performance, as delta-V for SS1 is more than four times less than for Vostok-1. That's not very fair comparison for rockets. When people fly in B-747, it also has a pretty significant amount of fuel - and energy - aboard, yet safety complaints are rare regarding that. So the goal for rockets - for now - could be to become as safe to ride as airplanes are. 100% safety is unobtainable, so shouldn't be a requirement. You think it's going to be more reliable than Saturn-V manned stack? Why? Divorced, but still related, I think. There are lots of possibilities to die in space, to kill fellow crew members or to seriously damage quite expensive equipment, so one should really know how to, e.g., turn wrenches. > And I guess it's also true that not any of those billions could be trained to be an astronaut for a myriad of reasons. This is less clear. Even more, the space tourism industry relies on that to be false. To an extent. > How do you think our ancestors Right, but that doesn't mean we should follow that just because the ancestors did that? On the opposite, I'd hope for astronaut-level safety precautions be spreading for the rest of society, so everybody could benefit. I think you're missing the point of the article. Teenagers are under attack which they can't handle well - including bailing out of it. This is not particularly unique to PAUSD, AFAIK; this is systematic deficiency. We're not talking about success here. We're a bit offtopic here :) but let me respectfully disagree. The whole point of doing testing with rockets is to find what you don't know, validate your assumptions... What you usually don't know is when a thing will fail - and you don't want to learn that in a real mission, so you push the test article to extreme. Another reason to do tests is something which should work - and shouldn't fail - but you can't test that without actually doing a flight test. So, in my opinion, cherry picking test flights - where things fail routinely, otherwise why testing? - doesn't show you the designed - and updated, with test data - reliability of the system. Regarding whole stack - I meant the whole thing which lifted off and the part of which reached low Earth orbit. That stack had the pulling safety tractor rocket. But frankly, if I'd consider Apollo-13 flight, I'd assume we have the case of mission abort in a later stage of flight, after which the existing measures were taken to bring back the craft safely. So mission was aborted - just as it would be if, say, Saturn-V grossly misbehaved on 30th second of flight - and the systems worked on safe return. This sounds rather fishy to me, and I don't know where to start, so I probably won't. Just one quote which particularly feels wrong: > the teacher has set a low standard for correctness and explicitly told the class that they can be right even when they are not. That "explicitly" word strongly suggests to me the author doesn't know what he's talking about. We as the society can probably learn a lot from these people. A sort of live time capsules, you know, providing some "more stable" benchmarks for our life, habits, intents. The company, which has 75 employees, is valued at about 100 millions. For software company in California, this level of valuation aproximately corresponds to "aqui-hire" - when the technology is uninteresting, but people can be used. For aerospace company like Reaction Engines with track record of their founders and results which are being discussed, with all potential opportunities... It looks strange. > You drag those air breathing engines You always drag engines of the last stage all the way to orbit. More, with a single stage to orbit the last stage is the first stage - and SSTO isn't quite considered an always loosing idea. More - Skylon has advantage of launching only with fuel - and for rockets oxydizer weights several times more than fuel. Are you sure the drawback you're referring to is actually a drawback in comparison to what the industry have? Thank you. Good points, but I think we'll have to do a full blown calculations to decide. In aerospace margins are usually thin and it's easy to have the sign error. 1) I fully agree that air-breathing engines are heavier per unit of thrust. Merlins - pretty good rocket engines by that parameter - lift, as you say, 150 times their weight; for air-breathing engines it's 5-10. 2) Aircraft engines usually don't need to be particularly thrusty; wings generate lift, so you can take off even with T/W 3) Liquid oxygen has density about 1.1 that of water. Kerosene, in comparison, is about 0.8. Difference less than 1.5 times, but the mass ratio is more like 2.5:1, so ditching oxygen tanks - especially at the start, when the system is relatively heavy - can save quite a bit. And why engines' T/W is relevant here? A theoretical consequence of that could be that new laws would be enacted really carefully - as in "provably regulate absolutely all possible developments", that is, those abilities of companies to profit from anything, among other things. As soon as companies overstep those limits, they can be target for arbitrary actions, not to expropriate future profits, but because of violating pre-existing laws. That would turn lawmaking on its head... but I don't think that's possible enough to warrant too much consideration. As often the case with articles about technology in mass media, some details are off. I'm not sure what was found to be the cause of the rocket failure with previous Antares launch. What I am sure about is that NK-33 was never ever used in Soviet space program. And when it actually was used - two years ago - in Russian space program on Soyuz 2-1v rocket - it worked as intended. An obligatory quote, which, while hyperbolic, touches some peculiarities of the time and place: http://www.vladware.com/Personal/Programmers.htm In addition to other reasons, it can also be beneficial for any side to postpone this discussion for a later phase. A good case to use code generators, I guess... Doesn't tell much interesting things about 1729... at least from mathematical history point of view :) . And of course the phonetic transliteration would be Korolyov, not Korolev. ё instead of е in the middle. Asif Siddiqi has a good book on the subject, "Challenge to Apollo". I'd also recomment Boris Chertok's memoirs, "Rockets and People Volume IV: The Moon Race". You'd learn, for example, how many launches of N-1 were originally planned for each expedition to the Moon and how that number eventually boiled down to 1. Syntax sugar also slows down the REPL experimenting way of "growing" J scripts. Yes, it's harder to read... You can combine wise naming scheme with good use of spaces - and also short lines, which anyway carry a lot of work - to make programs more readable. Comments are also available :) - in fact, I found that J really encourages the literate programming style. As they say, "in APL you solve a problem in 5 minutes, then spend an hour trying to write a most elegant and short solution". Indeed. LK - just like LEM - went through multiple iterations in design. A book about that has some pictures - http://epizodsspace.airbase.ru/bibl/filin/04.html . Maybe sometimes it's better to at least point to a problem - and even articulate it, as Schneier did - than do nothing, if you don't have a proposal. How about bringing law technology - i.e. the technology of establishing laws - closer to the speed of modern times? Things are being done already in the realm of practicing existing laws, as in legal consulting, case search etc. Can we make tech which would help write better laws sooner? That's why ideas which Lawrence Lessig is explaining are perhaps most valuable in the current US political cycle. However, even without proposed decoupling of money and power we ought to consider alternatives. That could be at least faster - if not more achievable. > The state controls the law, so anything... In the US there is a finer distinction. "State" can be understood as "all politics combined", and then yes, state does controls the law, and does that by the definition. Or you can consider state be "government" - with a set of hired specialists (ministers) under the guidance of elected official (president) - to be different from people representatives (Congress), which are actually controlling the law - and are supposed also to keep an eye on the executive branch. Oh c'mon. Do you understand the issue of privacy at all? The whole problem is that when you want for any cost to spy, you'll step on your shoes with privacy infringements. And then the higher order goal - the one you do the spying for - gets compromised. > After all, the rise of ambitious US competitors like SpaceX could put a damper on Russia's surprisingly lucrative spaceflight business. Could put a damper, yes. But the reasons are mostly Russia own internal problems, not stiff external competition. SpaceX does superb technical work for each dollar spent, but they still have a road to travel to reach technical achievements of even Soviet Union 1980-s level. And it's hard to compete with government-subsidized, R&D-already-recouped and massively manufactured tech. Not that SpaceX doesn't go there. In fact, they demonstrate very good technical and economical results. It's just too different - USSR Academy of Sciences focused work of decades on, say, material science and Energomash-level of first stage engine perfection. SpaceX has a huge boost in reuseability area and much more modern technologies - they just have a lot to catch up to. Yet at the same time Russia - could - enjoy both the wealth of institutionalized rocketry knowledge and quite inexpensive workforce - in exactly those technical areas which are required for space which could be hard to beat - even to Elon Musk. It's really sad state of affairs in Russia - and unfortunately space isn't the only one area suffering. http://www.slate.com/blogs/future_tense/2016/01/13/copyright... "I’m a repairman. I recognize broken things when I see them. I got into this fight because I wanted to help people repair their broken stuff. Turns out, copyright law is the thing that was broken all along." The problem is, as perceived by me and some others, that the patent system isn't functioning as intended. It needs to get fixed. Part of that could probably be reducing the restrictions on individual manufacturing, even though, taken as a mass event, that defeats the forbidding power of patents. Other parts could be decreasing the time period for patent enforcement, adding requirements for patent holders - to, e.g., diminish problems with "patent trolls". Yet another could be admitting that patents in different areas work differently - a software patent (which today doesn't really justify its existence) is a very different thing than a pharmaceutical patent. Some experiments were done in early 2000 with inflatable aerobrake. The concept was shown to work, but experiments weren't a complete success. However this technology I'm sure can be applied to the task of returning the second stage. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmospheric_entry#Inflatable_h... Interesting that modern alt-space community often employs the concept "test a little, fly a little", and consider making reuseable systems easier. I'd like to know what innovation Larry brings to the company these days. Especially technical innovation, rather than managerial one, as the primary meaning of the word. Musk is the chief technical specialist in SpaceX, as he put himself. It's unclear what he does on this role, but his explanations are touching some rather deep details, so at least he looks like having a good understanding of technical aspects of SpaceX systems. Sounds like a rather weak comparison, as USSR did manage to get a set of impressive results in space - at least as American specialists were characterizing them. Not sure if SpaceX really has more money than BlueOrigin - that used to be the other way around. Time advantage is clearly on the side of SpaceX though. Landing a booster was done, e.g., in Delta Clipper program, early 1990's. To be fair, "learned to land" and "did successful landing once" aren't the same things. Similarly, "USA landed on the moon" and "USA now has a capability to land on the Moon" are different things. And SpaceX will get from here to there faster than the government. Once US was landing on the moon? What kind of achievements you'd like to have? Planetary probes, like Lunokhods - several weeks of Moon exploration? Or Luna-16 - automatic probe which brought lunar soil to Earth? You can say that's less impressive than Apollos, and I'd agree, but that still different things - which USA couldn't do at the time, and those programs had some advantages over Apollos too. Or a series of Venera probes, including landers? Mastery of automated docking? Orbital stations - starting with Salyut-1 - with myriads of experiments (medical, industrial etc.)? Rocket engines - more advanced than American ones by such criteria as working process (gas-gas was tested during 1960's in RD-270 with single chamber thrust rather similar to F-1), Isp and mass ratio (NK-33), total thrust (RD-170)? VEGA comet fly-by? By which criteria these don't count? Well, USSR had a really hard time with Mars landers. AFAIK, they got just one landed - and it stopped working shortly after that. But that one landed before Vikings. I always thought an interesting idea would be to launch an unmanned Soyuz to dock with Columbia. In 1960's Soyuzes were launched sometimes without orbital module - project Zond; that's saving of about 15% of mass. Even if that wouldn't be sufficient, Zonds were launched on Protons with DM kicker - and that combination flew as far as over the Moon, so I'm sure it could match Columbia orbit inclination and height. Russians launch on average more often than anybody else, so they could pull that attempt. Problems are that Soyuz spacecraft takes 2 years to manufacture - but money could have helped there, especially in 2003, before oil prices made incomes larger in Russia. Protons were manufactured in larger quantities - may be more that 10 per year. Even with one Soyuz - for 3 crew - some Progress spacecrafts, which are built in larger numbers, could be added rather soon, maintaining the remaining Columbia crew until further options would become available. So, to sum this up - Russian spacecrafts could technically reach Columbia in 2003. > But if and when that person leaves your company, your investment just went up in smoke. That means you'd like to get results from that person earlier than he/she leaves. Developing a person takes a measurable time and efforts; can you estimate how badly you need those results from data science? Maybe those anticipated benefits aren't that big? That's not to say you can always incentivize the person to stay longer. Of course if you need the results. Access to space. There could be different things to do in space, so offerings differ. SpaceX offers you the "orbital" space - you can put your payload on orbit and it's going to sit there for a long time, while doing research, serving communications, observing Earth - or even leave for another planet altogether. Virgin Galactic hopes to offer you the "suborbital" space - a short (ten minutes or so) rides to heights of about 100 km, with some 4 minutes of weightlessness included - for a lot smaller price than SpaceX. So, you can have different accesses to space. Space have different places (and, in case of suborbital flight, speeds) - and the costs to get there are different. > As the old Russian proverb goes: Арте́льный горшо́к гу́ще кипи́т, meaning the “an artel's pot boils denser.” The English equivalent is something along the lines of “many hands make light work.” I'd translate it as "many hands lead to better result." Not easier to achieve, but better in quality. No, I think it summarizes the article rather well. What I'm not fully agreeing with is apparent emphasis on Mir shortcomings - a big part in the beginning of the article lists those problems which found during 15 years of service. Mir was in large part for science - and it did that rather well. Along that, it also taught how humans can be working together, and how to build a long-term (from today's standpoint) station for space. And, teaching that, Mir shown a set of problems - fortunately without catastrophes. Thrusters in Soyuz capsule are loaded with about 30 kg of hydrogen peroxide (probably around 82%). This is actually one of the concerns with SpaceX Dragon capsules - they use significantly more toxic components. > communism was never sold as a fun ideology Well, then what's about Vladimir Mayakovsky's Другим странам - по сто, История - пастью гроба, А моя страна - подросток: Твори, выдумывай, пробуй! (Other countries are hundred years old, Their future is just coffins and cemetery, And my country is a teenager Create, invent, try!) It's not quite correct that communism wasn't ever advertised as fun. I agree, but take a look here: SpaceX was established 2 years later than Blue Origin, with principal sponsor's net worth may be an order of magnitude less; yet today's SpaceX achievements, I think, are more serious overall than Blue Origin's. Having a realistic, incremental long-term plan may be not enough to remain relevant in the market, if the latter shifts fast enough. Would you say Lockheed and Boeing don't have have a realistic plan? Yet their lunch is increasingly eaten by competition. It's good they actually adapt their plans. Market is figurative here - even if you don't pursue immediate commercial benefits, you may get ahead of fall behind, as it was happening in less than market oriented Soviet space program. But on the other hand, I'd be surprised if Blue Origin was only focused on the market of commercial flights to space. That market is somewhat covered by Russia's Soyuz flights - admittedly just a few flights total so far. Suborbital flights - may be, but there could be competition from Virgin Galactic. Blue Origin also makes engines which are planned to be used on other manufacturer's rockets - here we have competition from Aerojet and even XCOR. So - even if some market niches don't exist today, it doesn't mean Blue Origin doesn't have competition - as they are also not offering flight right now. Competition in space flight, for example, existed, say, in 1960, when two countries tried to send a man to space first. > And we learned very, very well, that H2O2 monopropellants rocket engines are a pain to use in practice, and don't seem feasible for any kind of reusable system. In no way Armadillo Aerospace's work shown that H2O2 engines are somehow fundamentally inferior to other rocket engines. What turned AA away from H2O2 were problems to obtain rocket-grade without building a processing plant. Why nobody talks about steganography? Even if there are laws forbidding cryptography, the interested parties can use that today, if they have plausible deniability. That's in the worst case when majority doesn't care, minority isn't strong enough and there aren't enough education about how to implement cryptography reliably in the absence of companies which would offer the product. Garry Kasparov is a political leader who created and led a party in Russia. He's not just a chess player. I deeply admire Garry Kasparov's achievements in chess. Perhaps even more I value his efforts over many years to bring better life to Russia. Still I don't agree with his critique of Bernie Sanders. Opposition in Russia is having a problem to get better organized and "move the things at least somewhere". Similarly Sanders, being not the best possible candidate, represents likely the best efforts to move the situation in USA to the right direction. > Despite the overwhelming evidence before him, Kasparov said it took time for him to realize that for many, the game was fixed. The game is fixed not only in USSR - which ceased to exist - but to a large extent in USA also. That's what Sanders is trying to change. You however have to closely watch PayPal. Try to pay to a product or service from former USSR countries; then weeks later suddenly get your account suspended. Or not. Do you like taking chances like that? Cash saves you here. There is a reason crypto-currencies are still growing in popularity. You might have electronic convenience and decentralization convenience at the same time. It is his absence in Russia which keeps him out of prison there. Site kasparov.ru is forbidden in Russia - law-abiding ISPs have to block access to it. There are proxies, and (rumors I heard) they do help, but they don't make things more convenient for majority. I always suspected that to be true regarding Apollo project. Well... Today I see how much Soyuz-2 costs vs. how much spacecraft Soyuz costs... and wonder - may be it's still trickier to create Apollo and LEM than Saturn-V, even though in Russian history H1 turned out to be harder to make than the payloads... Rockets are doing roughly the same thing, since 1957 - get things to orbit. While payloads keep changing - with all those stations, telescopes, probes, monitoring satellites etc. Rockets aren't that much "rocket science" anymore - but the payloads surely are. So may be - just may be - this law can be amended, a little bit. How'd you make a software which turns a 3D object - with maybe some constraints on geometry - into a set of smaller, printable interlocked parts? This left me wondering - sometimes asking "why are you happy" really brings the person down and the good mood disappears. Had tons of interesting, but half-baked ideas be needlessly postponed because of - I think - too much criticizing too early. I guess the trick is "how to criticize the right way". Criticizing is very important - after the idea has enough to stand on; if you're looking into something which has lots of "don't know how this could be done" parts, it's not the right moment. At this time the idea needs not a critique, but a collaboration on how certain unsolved problems can move forward. > In fact, if Earth were 50 percent larger, with a correspondingly stronger gravitational pull, no form of chemical propulsion would contain enough energy to launch a spacecraft into orbit. This is quite a strange statement. Not even with multiple stages? Not even Saturn-V would be able to lift a cubesat - with necessary extra stages? I'd like to see numbers which support that. Like fully half-generation away? It's really hard to make predictions of that sort, I think. Thank you for your reply - and thank all the others who replied. This is a link on a NASA website :) and that organization is known to err in questions related to space. Seriously, guys - Don Pettit wrote it for general audience, and skimming the article I spotted this - > Hydrogen-oxygen is the most energetic chemical reaction known for use in a human rated rocket. Chemistry is unable to give us any more. This can be understood in a certain way - but also can be argued, as here - http://yarchive.net/space/rocket/fuels/hydrogen.html > The highest measured Isp ever achieved with chemical propellants was with LH2/LF2/LLi (yes, liquid lithium), at 542s in vacuum. Next, 15% structure certainly doesn't apply to some first stages - particularly recent Falcons from SpaceX. The point which I was trying to make is I doubt that big of a difference. Sure, it's pretty hard to get to orbit from, say, Jupiter-like planet. However orbital speed for a planet with constant density is linear by the planet radius, and to get to New Horizons' ~16 km/s delta V as orbital speed the Earth would have to be 2 times bigger - 8 times heavier. And New Horizon's ain't cubesat either. And, on top of that, we still have other readily available tricks up our sleeve. So I think even with rather large variations of Earth size we'd get in time to the stars. How about putting two of the same stages alongside? No difference in mass ratio whatsoever. Besides, we aren't actually at the limit of even modern materials. Rockets were built decades ago - and comparatively slowly evolved ever since. SpaceX demonstrates the hidden opportunities. > Diameters might appear in drawings. But they NEVER appear in physics. Even as a characteristic size in, say, Reynolds number definition? You won't believe how far you can get these days with relatively modest means. "Rocket science isn't rocket science" - that's what lots of people involved say last decade at least. Alt-space movement is the witness to that. http://space-access.org That often means that at least one side greatly underestimated the real value of the deal. > Do you think the APL family can exist without the terse syntax? Are there any aspects of the language that just wouldn't work well without it? Considering the evolution of APL, yes. Ken Iverson was teaching math in Harvard, when he was growing the - mathematical - notation to describe the subject formally. It was happening in late 1950's, and the computers were entering our life. At some point it became reasonable to use that evolved notation as A Programming Language - or APL, for short. However, the idea was to make understanding easier - all along! Same idea which Alan Kay is pursuing with his works, same idea with many good technologies, when they are young - Java, JavaScript... Importance of notation - be it in math, or in formal-and-executable-math is the ideology of early APL. Now they say "it's hard to beat expressiveness of a whiteboard", but still attempt to use, say, an integral sign (and, similarly, one-letter variables), as one would do when showing the idea on a whiteboard. The history of hand-written math preferred terse notation - and that is carried on in APL as executable math. So... yes, terseness is important, and APLers will also say that choice of symbols is important too. It's only to beginners that they feel strange - pretty soon programmer learns them, gets used to them and refuses to substitute them with more readable longer variants - even though that would make certain things better. You don't name variables on a whiteboard with long_names or camelCase - at best you use sub- and superscripts. Granted, you can have cups and power towers and other things, and they were really impractical with 1960's level technologies... yet at least you have a singular text direction for expressions, in editors or in print. J makes certain things more logical, and switches to ASCII. May be we'll invent even better notation (to me, this - http://matt.might.net/articles/discrete-math-and-code/ - looks like a good start to think about basic building blocks), but so far, we have APL family languages as arguably closest thing to math notation. To some, it's the closest way they can imagine between making a solution in the head and explaining that to computer. I've had - and still have, to a degree - similar troubles with understanding math notation. Some 9 years ago a friend, solidly mathematician, gave a good advice to me - at least try to pronounce the math expression aloud. That forces you to pay attention to each symbol - instead of trying to immediately find word-like "phrases", failing that and missing the expression as a whole. APLs are - as Arthur Whitney likes to employ - supposed to be read symbol-by-symbol, since each one represent a whole operation. That's why APL program are so dense - you may have plenty of work done in a short line (but many APL writers prefer to keep lines short, to help with understanding). A screenful of APL can be moderately sized program, without need for scrolling... When you write J, you might be tempted to add more and more operations to the left (APL and J work from right to left), until it's hard to "explain" what the whole expression does - because it does so much. With an alternative - short, understandable expressions - you have another problem, that of naming :) - trying to give a traditional, long-worded name to an intermediate result of expression doesn't fit well with the rest of the style... So a good sense of balance is very valuable. Another saying which may help to understand APL's mindset is that APLers spend 5 minutes to write a program, then spend next 1 hour to write the same program better and cleaner. That's what I understand as refactoring; the idea is to make the code more readable, the expression more obvious, more obviously correct, more reuseable... Properly done, the expression is a pleasure to look at and well worth the efforts to decipher it symbol-by-symbol. And another great option is documentation - lots of comments, just as in good math texts, where the idea is explained in plain English and then succinctly put to code. This way I better see the math background behind the problem. I certainly have an easier time to change something here and there - the changes required are so small. I also see similarities between different pieces of code, if they are put as similar expressions close to each other, on the same screen. Yes, the notation is terse... but it at least has good sides. It depends; you have to use a good judgement - in general the further away from this 80-120 range the code is, the more doubtful the decision looks. I personally prefer 80, but occasionally have to allow for longer lines. Initially 80 was a technical limitation - you could do more, but had to make much more efforts than seemed reasonable. Then GUI allowed for more - but there was some inertia of the habit. Gradually some started experimenting with longer lines, finding cases where that's more convenient. Then code guides started mentioning line length... On one hand, a shorter line is easier to follow with eyes - when you need to go from right side of a line to the left side of the next line, that next line is easier to find if the line itself is shorter. However the code is usually much easier to read in this aspect than prose - line lengths are varying naturally. Yet if you're trying to always keep descriptive names of variables and methods, you're not only adding some verbosity, but also more often have to split lines - and that adds to making code more "blockish". It seems there are natural limitations - but that still depends on the particular style of the code. Have variable names just right - and you won't need too much lines in a block, so long lines could be ok. Different languages, different conventions for external libraries... It seem to be hard to put a specific number that would be both a good match with existing libraries, work (look) well for all kinds of tasks and across different languages. Sometimes one doesn't even want to sacrifice inner structure of the line - e.g., when several similar lines have important differences which one wants to highlight some spaces are often added, leading to longer lines. Or sometimes line-by-line comments are really useful (say, Minix source code) - which definitely add to line lengths. > After all, layered copying of Intel x86 CPUs also was 'pioneering and interesting'. It was; at some periods I think Soviets were world leaders in electronics reverse engineering. Those techniques were rumored to get used well after USSR death in some Asian countries. MESM -> BESM-6 machines I've heard had some abilities like a number of simultaneously supported IO ports (AS system for space program?) - which may or may not be considered pioneering. Another example is Setun ternary computer; of course that's providing we should consider some computers after ENIAC 'pioneering enough'. You probably missed the orbital stations programs. :) > You could have a situation where there's a policy in place forbidding installing GPL-licensed products. You might have situation with policies forbidding anything. Like, MS Windows. Or Macs. Or smartphones. Rarely, yes, but I'm surprised GPL looks that unique regarding this matter. > We depend heavily on contemporary written documents; as the ancient Chinese proverb says, “The palest ink is better than the best memory.” I wonder if that's the best possible approach :) . You see, those documents are written by those unreliable people too... With James Webb Space telescope coming - and planned for much shorter life than Hubble - I just wonder, if something goes wrong, could it be repaired, like Hubble and Salyut-7 were? Can we send Orion to Lagrange point? There is a systematic, though still hard in practice, approach to answering this question. You can enumerate what software could possibly be needed, as automation tools for what tasks can possibly be required to complete and methods which are available for them. A problem seems to be losing common media for message exchange. After experience with a bunch of instant messaging tools, invariably having to abandon them after focus shifts elsewhere, it's tempting to rely on something more of "common denominator". Email was that... and if it stops, then - what? phone? This is an interesting problem of lack of standard. Hope http://seif.place will help with that :) . Lots of good points. However, regarding that only reason not to share - that primary differentiator which allows competition to overtake you. In many cases it's all there is. When you start company, or a project, and - as it is in many cases - you're trying to find that one thing which you can present better than anybody - you only have that one thing. It's the reason you hope to survive and thrive. Do you think it's a good idea to open source it? If yes, why? Do you mean that if you have something to share, you necessarily have momentum, which is not recreateable? Reading the article it's tempting to say sometimes it borders on ridiculousness :) . > No one, in the Unix world, ever complained about the Unix's missed promise about file abstraction. The whole world, sans programmers, keeps moaning on complexity of computers, and Unix, and how hard it is to learn all those arcane commands and abstractions and why things can't be just plain and simple. I'll skip rants about how it's related to file abstractions :) . Being fully aware how the same things could look very different from different angles, I'd still maintain the "not broken - don't fix" approach has been countered then and now. > "It's already pretty well acknowledged that if Russia wants to invade the Baltics, they can do it in 24 hours and NATO can't do much about it," Asaro said. "Them having some super sophisticated robot isn't going to change that." Really? It takes that long for a rocket to fly to Russia? Don't Baltics have some groups of American soldiers, strategically placed right in the harm's way, and wouldn't Pentagon react on harm to them? Won't NATO honor its obligations to defend its members? Does it REALLY take 24 hours for UK arms to reach Russia as well? People in power in today's Russia understand the only kind of arguments - force. Force of different kinds, but still - overwhelmingly force. This approach shouldn't be underestimated. Annexation? http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/annex Simple Definition of annex : to add (an area or region) to a country, state, etc. : to take control of (a territory or place) There is a big difference between separation and annexation. In general, do we have many examples of countries changing borders forcibly after some time mid-last century? I certainly don't remember such a thing from G7. In this light, annexation of Crimea stands out as a regression to older - and less civilized by some standards - ways of doing things. Can you include a good description of reading macros? I'm still looking for good explanation with examples of their power. Wonder to see the analysis of REL claims. REL includes people with proven engineering record, and, AFAIK, got money from European organizations familiar with engineering, so it would be interesting to learn what's wrong with their approach. > And we married 12 months later. Nobody's perfect, I' guess. An assembler is usually C-typed and non-stack. If you want extra features, you're welcome to write a translator for higher level language - you just have an opportunity to use Forth as your target, not typical assembler. At the same time you can have top performance with a concatenative, dense language. It doesn't mean Forth is most convenient to write for any kind of problems, or that translator can easier optimize for Forth target... yet this at least is an opportunity to have a nicer language on the bare-bones level. Do you think it's a good enough thing? Programming is both an art and a science. Art here means we don't have a hard scientific recommendations for all important cases; we have to learn tricks of the trade and use subjective judgement; naturally our programs differ widely. Art - as something subjective - also means opinions differ on difficulty and slowness. That's perhaps why downvotes - the statement like this presented as an objective fact draws enough scepticism from those who have different experience in the subject. This a little bit seems like just moving the question on another level - from software to hardware. How much it would cost to you in terms of hardware - and maybe speed? - to have extensions which will have those nice features, especially if they are flexible, i.e. switchable? Would you need less gates than a Forth system? Or MIPS: http://www.cnews.ru/news/top/2016-02-24_tplatformy_vypustili... Thank you for your explanations. Another pretty good tool e.g. for fast prototyping: https://github.com/ondras/wwwsqldesigner I wonder when it's possible to 3D-print the necessary shape. Given the material properties, the results could be, eh, really good. Really cool would be to have processes on planets (and stars) which would modify them. To be able to modify them at will and have modification persistent. Probably quite doable. Somehow this forecast doesn't induce a lot of trust. There is a history of underestimation of solar (or wind) power rise; oil prices are notoriously difficult to predict (and what's going to happen to coal over decades?); some developments, like decrease in energy consumption in developed countries, aren't easy to predict either. So... I'd like to have more, better data before making any conclusions. I'm still waiting for articles like "Bay Area Needs to Start Building More Roads to Alleviate Traffic Problem and Ensure Its Future" :( . Immediately thought about another awesome resource about how to write a language in JavaScript: http://nathansuniversity.com/ Did anybody analyze recently how effective and why is the set of primitives chosen in APL? If Iverson wouldn't be constrained by ASCII and still knew what we know today, how he could design APL? Thanks. However, J was conceived in 1980-s, uses ASCII for ease of communications, not as the best set of symbols. In this sense APL was somewhat less constrained - symbols were new, even though some of them were typed on teletypes with some tricks. Looks like in case of J a lot of consideration was given to what's relatively easy to do in terms of chosen set of symbols. The question is, if ASCII wouldn't be a requirement, what would be a modern set of primitives, efficient as the tool for thought. APL at the time was trying to extend - and improve - mathematical notation, no less... I'm trying to find out - is APL set of symbols looks justified today, even with Unicode capabilities? If yes then Iverson created really well thought out set which stood the test of time and we can hope will continue to efficiently serve as a good notation - and might be may be extended. If not - then we have the question of what would be a good notation. References to math notation, which developed over decades and centuries, are good - but sometimes look like not perfect. Iverson was trying to make it better - for example, put the notation in one line, get rid of operation priorities. Is that a success from today's point of view? Yes - but no. It is similar - both have some aerodynamic shapes and carry three people - but that's about where similarities end. Soyuz return capsule is 2/3 of Apollo's by volume - which is restrictive. Shape is optimized for mass, so accelerations are less gentle. Soyuz has another advantages over Apollo - like another module, separate from return capsule; together, those two modules provide livable volume 1.5 of Apollo's. But for what we're talking Soyuz is more restrictive than Apollo. No, not too much, at least I'd agree with you. A lot of information about current Tesseract is there - https://github.com/tesseract-ocr/docs/tree/master/das_tutori... . Tesseract is trainable, even though the bulk of capabilities came from algorithms designed well before deep learning became popular. One of slides mentions that it's puzzling that Tesseract is "winning" over modern ML attempts to solve OCR. However, latest developments - adding LSTM networks to Tesseract - are reported to be promising. Wonder when they'll become available on the Github... > post-Soviet military establishments were more willing to sell surplus aircraft to private buyers Completely agree. Some people in Russia in 1990-s were pretty inventive. Another reason could be the number of MiG-25 produced. F-104 doesn't look particularly similar to MiG-25. Things like take-off weight, maximum speed... At least Wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lockheed_F-104_Starfighter doesn't list MiG-25 as comparable to F-104. > I can’t find the quote anymore but I heard Sam Altman of YC say that there are no shortcuts or cheats when it comes to building a startup. Yeah, I've heard someone - Euclid may be? - said something similar about the road to science... :) There is a known big problem of transporting big rocket stages from the place where they are manufactured to places where they are launched. Saturn-5, one of the biggest rockets so far in the world, was manufactured near a river and transported by a big ship. This sidestepped the problem of roads. Energiya, the Soviet heavy rocket which launched Buran, had its huge second stage flown by a plane to Baykonur. In 1960-s, USSR was looking for a good solution to this problem. They considered building a huge canal to use ships; they were thinking about using an aircraft; they played with an idea of building an exceptional - biggest in the world, if I'm not mistaken - automobile to carry it over desert. Eventually they decided to build rocket near the launch complex - that's the reason N-1 has the unusual shape. Today, SpaceX keeps lengthening Falcon-9 modules - but it can't make them wider, because existing roads won't allow it. Long stages have their share of problems - they could be less efficient by mass, they could have unwanted dynamic characteristics - imagine a long thin-walled container pushed from behind through the atmosphere, it way vibrate... In short, just the rocket industry of the world alone - that's currently about under hundred launches per year - could provide the market for big planes. At least this is a possible option. Hydrogen engines for Energiya, RD-0120, were made in Voronezh by KBKhA, which is still producing rocket engines. However this particular engine is practically lost - can't be recreated without extensive R&D program. It's not enough to have the original manufacturer survive... Can Rocketdyne manufacture another F-1 today? So it's quite possible - though not certain - that Motor Sich wouldn't be able to create a unique enough engine, even if it did that in the past. Now we can produce them for cheap... http://www.thisiscolossal.com/2011/06/markus-kayser-builds-a... Thanks, but there are many cool things not widely known from Soviet space program. Like first landing on Mars (Mars-3), Phobos program, Zond program, preparing a Mars launch during Cuban crisis, Buran program, BORs, hypersonic research in 1990-s... Judging by the only number stated - 500-to-1000-years - and considering the lifetime of 22-olds is about 22... about 20-40 times? Of course assuming the same degree of breakdown... Korolev would probably get a Nobel prize if he wouldn't be shielded behind Soviet secrecy around his rocket program. Korolev however had a mighty state backing his plans which he skillfully played. Musk does approximately similar things on the commercial playing field. His pace of achievements and the range of his programs shouldn't be underestimated. The guy of LiteBSD/RetroBSD fame participated in re-implementing MK-61 using modern technology (in Russian) - http://ramlamyammambam.livejournal.com/362030.html >The next question is whether these opcodes do anything interesting. Of course they do. Say, back in 1986 a videogame (Lunolet-4?) used the screen to show the position of the spacecraft between the Earth and the Moon like this: "E L-" - the spacecraft is behind the Moon, "E -L " - the spacecraft between the Earth and the Moon. If Google translation isn't quite good, try Yandex - sometimes it gets something better: https://translate.yandex.ru/translate Here, for example - https://github.com/sergev/mk-61#svn%2Ftrunk . From http://ramlamyammambam.livejournal.com/266692.html : "Everybody interested can reinstate the design. Here are the sources. Will draw the schematics soon [see the link above, it has links to several blog posts]. The processor of PIC32MX2 family is chosen to simplify the assembly: it's the only 32 bit microcontroller in the world in the DIP body. And USB port isn't wasted: plans are to allow loading programs from computer. Boards, indicators, buttons, chips 74HC595N are easy to by on ebay.com" This is a poster child of the case when you can completely disagree with opinion but should be really worried about the possibility of silencing it. Wonder if Scott Adams can satisfy the search for intelligent Trump supporters - http://omniorthogonal.blogspot.com/2016/10/the-quest-for-int... .