One of the huge reasons for manual door control in fires is that the IR sensor to detect if something is blocking the door can't tell the difference between a person and smoke. Door opens up on a burning floor, smoke pours in, door refuses to shut, everyone gets stuck and dies. To the non-firefighters, this is why there are so many signs telling you do take the stairs. Power failures too. If you want a conversation between more than two people, Wave kicks everything's ass. And unless you're the kind of group that's comfortable with setting yourself up a phpBB, I can't even think of anything that comes close. Wave's problem wasn't that it's not useful, it's that nobody knew about it (of people I know, it had 0 adoption outside of computer geeks), and it couldn't integrate with desktop applications. A lot of us are stubbornly hanging on to Mail.app and Entourage because they integrate with our workflow better than web based solutions. If google had come out with a a desktop Wave client that worked with OSX's address book, photo libraries, etc, it would have had a lot more draw. That sort of integration is less expected on Windows, but I'm sure they could have come up with some compelling features that the website didn't offer. Why does your application request access to the photos and videos I've uploaded to Facebook? I'm fine with you having access to my Twitter information, but this seems unnecessary. Rent a storage unit or sell things you don't need anymore? But without controlling their software, Nokia's almost entirely surrendered control over their product direction to Microsoft. Contrast it to Apple, where having their own hardware and software lets them do things like the retina display upgrade. In Nokia's case, MS says "This is what the OS is capable of," and Nokia has no choice other than "Ok, we'll make a touchscreen with some buttons that comply with your interface conventions." They're going from a mobile phone company to a widget manufacturer. It's a position not very different from where Dell, Gateway, HP, etc have been in control of product design, but unable to innovate in ways that would really improve the customer experience. So they're relegated to hardware design (within some pretty narrow constraints) and differentiating their computers by loading some shitty bloatware on and saying " doesn't have a dock on all four screen edges like we do!" There's still money to be made in the hardware business, but it's not something I'd aspire to were I in the cellular industry. It's better than being put out of business, but Microsoft's lack of direction in OS design is likely to hobble them as they try to compete with Apple's ecosystem. I mean, WM7 tried to copy iOS 1 and say "Nah, you don't need copy/paste". Apple's continued to make progress toward a capable mobile OS, and MS still hasn't fixed it. Do you see them having a good chance at competing in the long run? My prediction: Nokia and WM7 won't be able to compete on features or design, so they'll compete on price. As the smartphone market portion continues to grow, a lot of it will be on the bottom end, with people moving from crappy featurephones to crappy smartphones. If they can find a market niche, it'll be the people who just say "I want a phone," and not anybody who knows or cares any more than that. Which is a pretty big market to be calling a "niche," but it's got slim profit margins. Maybe they can make up for it in volume. While I bought Minecraft with the understanding that it wasn't done and I was helping support Notch as he continued to develop it, it's not a practice I'd do for a non-game product. I've spent well over $13 on games and had them turn out to not be fun, or only amuse me for a few days. If Minecraft didn't pan out, I've barely lost anything. If it turns out well, it will be more than worth the money. Were it something important that I needed for my job, or were the cost less negligible, there's no way I'd throw a bunch of money at something and hope the inventor/developer/designer finished it adequately. If someone walked up to you and said "I'm going to build an electric car to compete with Tesla Motors, give me $80,000 and you can have the first one" what would you tell them? EDIT: Kickstarter too. I've invested small amounts of money in things that I think are worth supporting, with the hope that they get finished well. But I'm not counting on it. It's a risk vs reward analysis that I'm willing to try, but only on small scales. I'm sure it can be done (for the majority of cases) without editing any HTML by hand. iOS has text selection, so text styling and linking can work the same way it does on a real computer. For things like image arrangement, that's generally done via CSS by applying a class that already exists. Doesn't seem like there are too many challenges, we just need someone to go and do it and make it look nice. Magsafe goes up to 85W for displays and 15"/17" laptops. zlib didn't have licensing issues, it just wasn't fast enough I assume you mean the Blender 2.5 beta? The UI experience for Blender 2.4 and earlier was the least easy interface I've ever seen. Granted it's fantastic once you know how to use it, but good luck with that. It's BMW's car. You're not allowed to use that gas station. Has a law firm ever not bragged about how confident they are that they'll win? I think the biggest error is the insinuation that all nerds are computer nerds. While it fits me just fine, I know plenty of nerds of other varieties. Regarding small talk, I don't think it's a lack of a system of understanding so much as a side effect of the relevancy filter. All that stuff people are saying to me? It frequently sounds like "Nice weather outside blah blah blah blah." Small talk about something I find interesting is another matter entirely. Spotlight opens files, does math, and gives definitions. Quicksilver does everything. It's based on an object/action system where you pick an object and do something to/with it. There are all sorts of actions, from relaunching apps, deleting, emailing, or moving files, running scripts (I use get ip frequently), reading text, etc. It also gives fast access to some non-file things, like address book cards (right arrow to drill in to contact information, which let's you make new emails). There are addons for a lot of things like bookmarks for various browsers, mouse gesture triggers, Cyberduck bookmarks, etc. It's fantastic if you prefer a keyboard over mousing. Should we ever have that much energy at our disposal, I think we're pretty likely to annihilate ourselves with it Right, but if you travel there semi-frequently, it would be nice to not pay for it each time. Cheap relative to the airfare, but every bit helps. How does data roaming work on European carriers? For someone traveling from the US, there could be a significant cost to using data in another country. If Europe's prices are more sane, it might not be an issue. I've got the last revision before unibody, and god is it a pain to get to. You pretty much have to take apart the entire computer. CFL induction lamps might eventually resolve this, but at least for now they're priced out of the general market Get Google voice, and port your existing number for $20. It doesn't do MMS, but MMS alone isn't worth the cost of keeping a texting plan. How about Bulldozer sometime soon? I've been putting off my upgrades to see how it compares to Sandy Bridge, but that Q2 2011 launch didn't exactly happen. I bet most people don't care. On a dating site for "fellow nerds" though, it might not fly. Or those with high bandwidth costs. While $40 might be more expensive than a single download, if you know multiple Mac users in an area with small caps it might make sense to split one of these. I'm curious how (/if) the license ties in to the App store. Hopefully they don't make you tie it to a single account once your computer is running. I'm not sure if it removes it after installing, but you can probably just copy it to another drive beforehand if you're concerned. If authentication is handled like other App Store software, you may have to enter your apple ID and password to run it after it's copied, but there shouldn't be a limit on the number of computers. You can also pull the disk image out of the installer and make your own, rather than paying the $40 premium I don't know of any option for that built into the OS, but a number of third party tools can add it. Quicksilver triggers are my method of choice, since I'm running Quicksilver anyway. That would probably add more expense than it's worth. The yellow part isn't just a plastic color filter, the lights use what's called a "remote phosphor", where it's internally using high powered blue LEDs, which is then absorbed and reemitted in a wider spectrum at the yellow layer. There are a number of reasons for doing this, but the biggest ones are that it gives it a large and more diffuse emitting area, preventing the multiple shadows from exposed LEDs, and (IIRC) that the phosphors tend to be more stable when not integrated into the LED. Probably because these services won't be around forever. It's relatively common for online services to vanish, even the ones that had been extremely popular (Geocities, for instance), and if all of your data is locked in, you lose it along with the service. The Data Liberation Front seems to be trying to untie your data from the services that use it, because it's yours and can still be valuable to you after you've stopped using said service. I think their vision used to be "Be good at email and good for businesspeople" At some point, they said "Hey, these touchscreen things are doing pretty well, let's get into the consumer market." But they had no idea how, and they've been releasing weak phones on a weak software ecosystem ever since. On the other hand, if they'd stayed in their original market, I don't think it would work out much better. Doing enterprise features nicely is great, and could sell a lot of devices. But Apple's "touchscreen on a little computer" model is flexible, and all it would take is an enterprise focused software update from Apple or a few well written apps from a third party. Competing against Apple's vision and manufacturing skill is going to be difficult to do, and in the long run I don't see RIM being one of the companies that manages to do it. At least for the computer icon in Mac OS, they haven't historically changed without visible design differences. I doubt they would handle iPhones differently. I could also see it as retaliation for dropping all non-unlimited texting plans after iMessage was announced, or for changing iPads from unlimited data to 2 GB/month shortly after release. I know a few people still on the 3GS, out of contract, and looking for an upgrade. If the iPhone 5 came out on another carrier (especially with an unlimited plan), they'd be happy to jump ship. I'm ok with slow to react, it would be really handy to have a page sized E-ink viewer that text programs could push content to. I wouldn't use an ebook reader enough to make it worth the expense, but without having to include memory, buttons, or much of anything beyond a USB connection and screen, it might be within my price range. That sounds awfully expensive. Apple used to have some parts that were standard, but with the direction they've taken the Macbook Air, I don't think it's got a single one left. Both the 2.5" hard drive and the optical drive are gone. It's still made of standard components like the webcam and processor, but beyond some electronics it's all designed in-house. And the electronics may not stay standard on the low end, though I don't see them competing with Intel's chips in the Pro lineup. Windows 7 also has a screen calibration assistant, somewhere in control panel. IIRC it's not nearly as helpful, but if your screen's that bad you could probably improve it. And the RAM is soldered onto the motherboard now, without replaceable standard modules The candela is based on Watts, but weighted to adjust for human perception. While the "standard human eye" could be considered a physical artifact, we use experimentally determined photopic (in bright light) and scotopic (in low light) response curves, which are supposedly fixed. It isn't quite as fixed as some measurements since the average human's vision could continue to evolve and change the curve, or because we could find out that we measured it wrong, but it's not dependent on a single physical sample like the kilogram. But it's not clear that Instapaper is allowed to put the files in Documents. According to the Data Storage Guidelines cited in the article: 1. Only documents and other data that is user-generated, or that cannot otherwise be recreated by your application, should be stored in the /Documents directory and will be automatically backed up by iCloud. 2. Data that can be downloaded again or regenerated should be stored in the /Library/Caches directory. Examples of files you should put in the Caches directory include database cache files and downloadable content, such as that used by magazine, newspaper, and map applications. I don't know if this is something enforced in the approval process, but it seems like Apple's intention is for redownloadable content to all be stored in temporary, wipeable locations. SuperCard is one clone that picked up where HyperCard left off, with the extremely similar SuperTalk language. It fixed a lot of Hypercard's issues, like built in color support, access to native UI widgets, multiple windows, and the ability to create standalone applications. Updates added both OS X and Intel compatibility. But it's definitely a niche product, which we've seen isn't something Apple is interested in. Supercard.us is down right now, so I'm not sure whether it's on the market or not. As Apple has discovered, the vast majority of computer users aren't interested in creating software; they're content consumers. SuperCard probably got as much use for making quick mockups before building a "real" application as it did by amateur developers. One thing that I'll give HyperCard is that it made it easy for me to play around with programming while I was in elementary school. Today's programming tools are largely not that accessible. And no talking about Google products either, they're a big company and don't need the free exposure. Another link, since the tweet is devoid of content: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/york-times-email-li... They sent out an email saying subscriptions had expired to the wrong list But you'd be lucky if the ebook hardware keeps working even a decade after your death. And there's no way to inherit your grandfather's books to use them on another reader; he owned a license to read them and it's not transferrable when he dies. This one aspect of the lack of ownership that I find problematic, but you don't see discussed as much. The way things are going, you won't even be able to inherit someone's kitchen table because they'd bought a $500 license for their immediate family to eat off of it. Died? Factory repossesses it. Upside-down-ternet http://www.ex-parrot.com/pete/upside-down-ternet.html How about the ability to hide your friends list from people you aren't friends with? Though they are making that complaint about the PS3, because you used to be able to No, but it does mean that accredited hammers were only available for $100,000 and up, it would still make sense for you to buy one. The problem isn't that you can't get educated outside of the university education system. It's that people assume that someone with a college degree is educated, and someone without one isn't. I consider that no more accurate as assertions that grade school students haven't learned anything unless they can pass a standardized test, but I don't think there's an easy solution. For the near future at least, college degrees will continue to be the main criteria for guessing if someone's qualified for a lot of jobs. When I was in middle school, I had a short black and white photography class. For one assignment, we developed black and white images and then colored parts of them using kool-aid. I shot a stop sign and colored it red. The idea that http://davidsutherland.photoshelter.com/image/I0000jSgkaCbPa... would somehow infringe on my copyright because it's the same subject matter and coloring is absurd. It's not my picture. I understand it's popular at Yosemite to try to replicate Ansel Adams' famous photos. Can his estate claim ownership of all of those photos? It seems like a dangerous precedent to me. Old battlenet (before SC2) could disable CD keys in multiplayer, and was a level of DRM I'm ok with. People hack, and having a mechanism to ban them made sense. It doesn't have to come with all of the "single account tied to your purchase" or "3 hardware changes" that we're starting to see. I'm pretty much OK with CD-keys, and I tolerate Steam because it hasn't had serious problems yet, but anything else I tend to distrust. According to ARAHB distance records: Rank 3, 1,965.23 mi, April 19th 2009, PBH-9 (Cornell U/LM) last known position Rank 5, 1,259 mi, April 4th 2010, PBH-10 I think it's a mistake for them to throw KA in the same category as traditional K-12 education in the first place. At least from my experience with it, people don't go on Kahn Academy to try to learn everything; it's more valuable when you're looking for knowledge about a specific subject, and you already have a reason for wanting to learn it. The article's main criticism is that KA doesn't try to talk about all the possible uses of the subject matter. I'd rather they didn't, or at the very least kept it separate. Unless someone's being forced to sit down and watch educational videos, that doesn't add enough value to justify the time spent. It may be that other competitors (including the ones you've mentioned) will try to fill the gap and take a more traditional education role. But saying something's bad just because it's not occupying the exact niche that the author wants it to? That's not a very useful criticism. I think it's a mistake for them to throw KA in the same category as traditional K-12 education in the first place. At least from my experience with it, people don't go on Kahn Academy to try to learn everything; it's more valuable when you're looking for knowledge about a specific subject, and you already have a reason for wanting to learn it. The article's main criticism is that KA doesn't try to talk about all the possible uses of the subject matter. I'd rather they didn't, or at the very least kept it separate. Unless someone's being forced to sit down and watch educational videos, that doesn't add enough value to justify the time spent. It may be that other competitors (including the ones you've mentioned) will try to fill the gap and take a more traditional education role. But saying something's bad just because it's not occupying the exact niche that the author wants it to? That's not a very useful criticism. Not on account of making it easier to multitask, I think. But I had an internship where I spent a decent amount of time taking comments and revisions from Design Review and making the changes in AutoCAD, for which two screens would have been a huge time saver. It's much more time consuming to do that sort of editing when you can't see the comments and the drawing you're working on at the same time. It was a small office, and the workstation I was on was only used when they had an intern, so it wouldn't have been a high priority. But you can get a 17" screen for $100, and I'd bet I would have had at least $100 more productivity on drawing revisions if I'd had one. What were you using before? Steering a car full of gyroscopes in fast moving traffic? Sign me up! I think it might look slightly better if the buttons were moved to be partly off-screen, something like this: http://i.imgur.com/8T26g.png The way it's demonstrated on the website, there's no visual indication that the window is partially offscreen except for the lack of a rounded corner, which isn't noticeable at a glance. The exact offset would have to be played with a bit, but letting the buttons push slightly off the screen makes it immediately clear that part of the window isn't visible. Another visual indication you lose either way is being able to judge how much of a window is off-screen. Normally, the title is perfectly centered all the time. You can look at how far the window extends to the right, and assume it does the same on the left. My minor edit to the buttons above doesn't help with this one. All in all, I think it's giving relatively minor gains in exchange for removing visual information about the size of the window. The effect is similar to Apple's choice to hide scrollbars in 10.7 unless you're actively scrolling. Sometimes you can judge from the context that there's more available off the screen, and sometimes you can't. Is it worth the trade-off? I wouldn't be too worried about the size, unless you're speaking from a purely aesthetic perspective. For usability, being on the edge of the screen makes it an easy mouse target. I wonder if that could handle changes in typing style. I've had finger injuries where I was deliberately typing softly with one or more fingers. Would I still be able to log in? That's really cool, I'd never heard of these. I imagine the flywheels are horizontal so that the bus can turn without trying to change their angular momentum, but I wonder if there's any effect on banked curves or going up hills. There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation, naming things, and off-by-one errors. Another name option would be "hypercube," which means the same thing. It does make it sound more related to "cube" though. To play devil's advocate, her right to speech is also societally-manufactured. Without our social expectation that we should use technology to make the world accessible to people with disabilities, she would have had to get by without a voice. Even the ADA is a relatively recent addition, at the expense of a lot of architectural freedom (like the necessity of designing around ramps and elevators). The nature of patents leads to situations like this pretty frequently in medical technology, with the iPad app seeming analogous to generic drugs. Should we let the patents run their course and make assistive iPad apps eligible for insurance coverage? Limit the patent terms in cases like this? Abolish software patents altogether? There are a lot of arguable positions on IP, but issues like this one make it far more personal than most. If you hated to say it, couldn't you have left it out or just said "I agree" instead? The rest of your post doesn't depend on us knowing what you came here to say. April Fool's day, they're just being silly But it's written in UE3, which can make iOS and Android games. There might be significant changes to work around the platforms' limitations, but he won't have to do it from scratch. To make it in WebGL / Javascript, I imagine he'd have to rewrite everything . Busy working on The Witness. IIRC, they're not using a premade engine for it. On the other hand, there are plenty of reasons that NASA could still be important moving forward. Commercial launch vehicles might be the way to go, but commercially funded space telescopes sound less likely. I don't see any organizations better suited to work on space research, and Tyson would be pretty disappointed if we stopped it. They added a preference to get text in the buttons instead of the cryptic icons, which is a huge usability improvement. I still don't like it as much as the old gmail. I think Lycos is the earliest search engine I remember using It looks like http://i.minus.com/ibbwHvK38EiDQB.PNG for me. Are you in the US? And honestly, in some ways it's in their best interests to keep the electronics from developing quickly. If car electronics were open to external access, we'd have third party software running on iPads in no time. The slow pace lets them make incremental improvements at whatever pace they think is appropriate to selling cars. I'm reminded of a story from The Daily WTF where someone made a tenfold increase in speed by rewriting something, and their boss had them add a deliberate delay so they could let the improvements out over several releases. To improve it too much would be admitting that their previous version was poor, and they'd rather milk more modest speed bumps over several years of releases. On the other hand, with Zynga's penchant for liberal "borrowing," this seems a bit hypocritical of them. And we all remember the reaction when Nintendo announced that the Revolution's official name was "Wii". I still think it sounds silly, but it's no longer weird . Can't the Raspberry Pi run an AirPlay receiver via XBMC? It costs less, and can stream 1080p video. The 3.5mm jack for audio output isn't ideal, but it can also run audio over HDMI if you're set up for that. TuneBridge definitely looks like a more consumer focused option, but for the price you could put RPs in a nice case with custom software and still make a profit. If you don't mind throwing more of your data to Google, you can port your number to google voice and block as many numbers as you like. It even has spam filtering for calls. The other problem with owning a carrier is that they'd lose their reputation for perfect performance. If someone's iPhone isn't working, >90% of the time they'll blame it on AT&T/Verizon/T-Mobile/etc. If Apple owned a carrier, the network problems would be on them. My housemate has more or less replaced his 1st-gen MacBook with a used 1st-gen iPad, and he does most of his typing on it. Notes in class, emails, word processing, etc. A case with a stand is relatively cheap, and even at $60, Apple's bluetooth keyboard has been well worth it. Sure, cheap 1st gen iPads aren't available in infinite supply, but I would bet there are more of them available than Google will sell ChromeBooks. I don't think latency would be a problem. But it'd be clunky and not very Apple like, given the simplicity of their hardware and that they've spent years arguing that hardware buttons aren't all that great. Third party gamepads exist for playing iPhone games on the iPhone (via jailbreak or iCade emulation), but they're not very elegant. What happened with the restrictions on apps that execute user provided or downloaded code? I remember an app being kicked for including a BASIC interpreter and a rule banning any third-party interpreters on iOS, but it was relaxed to allow things like Unity games using LUA scripting. Has anyone recently produced an app that lets users program on iOS? The Red Bull and Volvic seemed particularly out of place to me, especially in that he made buying them one at a time a part of his daily ritual. Maybe he wakes up in the morning with a compulsion to throw his money away at a 7/11 instead of getting a 12-pack from the grocery store? Instead of filling his own bottle from the tap and drinking coffee for his caffeine like normal people who don't attach brands to all of their routines? I don't know the exact price of Red Bull or Volvic, but at $5 a day and 260 weekdays in a year he'd be spending $1,300/year. Convincing humanoid androids with enough space for a nuke are most definitely not a current 2012 destructive technology. Walking is still a challenge, let alone any sort of intelligence. I'm not really clear on what an AI has to do with it though. A remote controlled robot would be easier, cheaper, and more reliable, but even that's unnecessarily complicated. If you wanted to move something heavy through a crowded area without attracting attention, you'd just hide it in any of the common wheeled things we see every day. Like a wheelchair. Or a car. Or a truck. I'm pretty sure terrorists have "Let's put this bomb in a truck" figured out already. The 2010 Times Square guy solved the transportation issue, he just wasn't good at making bombs. EDIT: More to the point, almost any technology has the potential to be used for purposes that we don't like. The real question is about the people who resort to those tactics, why they choose to, and what means they have access to. The vast majority of the world is against nuking large groups of people, with androids or not. The ones that do don't usually have access to nuclear material, bioweapons, or advanced robotics. If anything, a "nukedroid," would be the next generation of ICBM, built to avoid missile defense systems. I don't think science fiction's common prediction of widespread androids is realistic, and there are plenty of equally far fetched weapon predictions that would be difficult to defend. What about a nuclear mole-bot that burrows under a city from hundreds of miles away before surfacing and blowing up? Or nanobots designed to infiltrate through a water supply? For the foreseeable future, metal bullets and explosives in conventional cases will be the most economical form of killing people and blowing stuff up. Braid has a pretty cool narrative going for it as well, not just the time control mechanic. Have you played it the whole way through? I really wanted to like hammerfight, but I had some mouse sensitivity problems that kept popping up. Do you know if it was made in flash? Definitely felt that way to me. They cane up with a fun mechanic for a game and built a cool world around it, which I can definitely appreciate. For the curious, this was resolved in a new Dropbox SDK that didn't include any links to the Dropbox website What's this about Silver UI? I read the article and can't find any mention of it; as far as I can tell iOS 6 looks exactly like 5 did. You should give Braid another go if you have the time, I played it on and off for months before finishing. In terms of games that make you actually think about what they're saying, I've yet to find a better one. "Art games" excluded because they usually aren't fun. If you're within warranty. If it's more than a year old (or three if you buy AppleCare), then you're on the hook for a whole new motherboard instead of a commodity stick of RAM. Which is fine and dandy, but "Pay 100% more for 'there's no other way to get a RAM upgrade'" is a pretty crappy deal. That HP battery's showing up as $160 for me, but point taken regardless When I think of pink, the first thing tha comes to mind is the "hot pink" used in breast cancer awareness and "girly stuff." This color is a mix of red and blue, putting it just shy of purple. I think magenta is the more correct name for it, but I'm more likely to attach pink to this color than to light red. Native English speaker, but there are probably other factors influencing our perception of colors. It doesn't seem to let you set custom search engines, which is a bit disappointing. More options than Google, Yahoo, and Bing was one of the reasons I'd been hoping for this. Even without that, the easily accessible incognito mode (Safari's is through the system wide Settings app), request desktop site, and bookmark sync is still worth more to me than Nitro/V8. On the jailbreak side, Browser Changer doesn't support Chrome yet. Hopefully that will come soon. Don't worry too much about that, it's only slower for javascript execution. The other features, including Chrome sync, unlimited tabs, "Request desktop site", more than make up for it. The real stumbling block, IMO, is that without jailbreaking, links from other apps will always open in Safari. Safari on the iPhone in iOS 5 only gets 8. I wonder if Chrome for iOS gets any sort of tab recovery on crashes. It doesn't happened frequently, but it's annoying when I have to quit and relaunch safari for whatever reason and lose everything I had open. He's not saying it doesn't cost anything to produce, just that the incremental cost of "manufacturing" one digital copy of it is next to nothing. Sure, there's a fraction of a cent of bandwidth involved, but they could make a billion copies of an ebook for more or less the same cost as making the first one. This doesn't hold true for an optical disc, where the disc has to be physically manufactured, have its contents written, be put in a case, and then shipped (probably across an ocean) to be sold. One would like to think that since they're spending less to produce it, some of the savings would be passed on to the consumer. But I guess people are largely willing to pay the same price, so it just ends up being extra profits. The customer can't do much about the fact that a huge chunk of the price goes to inflated "delivery fees." I'm not too familiar with Chrome's permission system, but can anyone explain why Cryptocat Chrome needs access to my data on all websites? Surely it's possible to restrict that to the necessary domains. You can go anywhere in life if you look serious and carry a clipboard I saw a site with a sale on used iBooks earlier today. $140 for a 12" 1.33 GHz G4 with a 30 day warranty. That's a 7 year old computer that can't run anything newer than 10.5, and won't run recent versions of any 3rd party software. I don't understand who buys these. Microsoft likes to take their product names and apply them in weird places. Maybe they can call it MS Bing .NET Fund. I wonder how much of a Bing tie-in the projects will. Red to have? If it's none, the name is silly. If it's too much and they try to force it, I can't see it doing well. That was supposed to say required, but I think I missed the time limit to edit Your lucky day, it's back in stock! http://www.megamacs.com/index.php?action=frameview&id=40... I'd rather spend an extra $100 on a decent netbook, mostly because of the warranty. Spending $140 for a piece of hardware that might fry in 91 days feels risky to me. I know some people have voiced concerns about Gatekeeper in 10.8, but this seems at least as bad. Especially from a normal user's perspective. I don't see how a DIY drone is any different from using an off the shelf RC plane and a wireless camera. The car one though, I have serious concerns about. There's an urban legend about cell phone viruses infecting cars via bluetooth, and while I don't know of any real cases of remote car hacking, it's not a happy thought. One would hope that self-driving cars will have their driving system disconnected from any networks, but I don't know if that's even practical. Their FAQ says it's a free beta of a paid product and to contact them if you're interested in using it commercially, so it probably won't be free for too much longer. It also often targets specific applications to steal credentials from. I know there have been badwares that harvest saved Steam account names and passwords (hopefully they're stored more securely now, but who knows?), and the same could be true for Dropbox email addresses. The address book scenario or dropbox breach both seem more likely, but it's worth keeping in mind. Any headline which ends in a question mark can be answered by the word 'no' -Betteridge's Law of Headlines: I do understand that it's an opinion piece, but it sounds to me like his claim is that minimalism is all the same, and by being minimal they've decided not to come up with a unique design. But I can't pick out a piece of software or a website that looks the same as Metro except for the ones that are doing it deliberately. If Metro were "undesigned," you would think other people would have made the same "non-choices" before. "save" translates into multiple languages and is recognizable by people who have never seen a 3.5" floppy disk or who are coming to computers for the first time. Even further than that, the "Document" icon that looks like a page is becoming more and more foreign, as programs shift toward single purpose apps that handle all of their own data. It makes sense to people who are used to the paradigm of "paper" documents living in "folders" in their computer, but if you've never seen a directory or your app doesn't expose individual data files, a whole lot of other traditional icons start to turn meaningless. If anything, I think I make an argument against it. You can make an app look like a physical address book, but I've never seen anyone use a physical address book. You could make a YouTube player that looks like a television too, but to what end? Pretty soon, people won't have seen televisions that look like anything more than a screen with a thin black bezel. And as we move toward more unified gadgets that a lot of people have grown up with, what do we do? Make a mail client that looks like a smartphone because that's how people read mail? An eReader app that looks like a physical Kindle? I don't think a leather address book is any more valid than a 3.5" floppy save icon. A single purpose app for contact management should reflect that it's a database of contacts, sure. Should it reflect that it's a book? Eh. I'll admit that I find metro a lot more compelling on Windows Phone than on a desktop OS, but as a visual language I still thing it's an improvement over Aero. Things look less cluttered, it's higher contrast, and interface elements are obvious. What they haven't done is reorganize how you interact with the desktop OS. And I think that's a deliberate choice not to redesign the mouse/keyboard model for using toolbars, icons, and all the stuff people are familiar with in Windows. The full metro tablet apps are perhaps more clear and obvious, but that seems like more a side effect of the "poke things with your finger" interface than any defficiency of desktop Metro. It's more intuitive. Your browser probably shrunk the image he linked so that it fit. Try clicking for full size. Does "social proof" somehow differ from reputation? It feels like a new word for a much older idea, and I'm not clear on whether it's got some additional connotation to it. Google doesn't stand to lose much of anything. The other tablet manufacturers have released very few solid tablet products, and mostly at prices that put them at a disadvantage to the iPad. If Google can put out their own tablet with good build quality, decent specs, and reliable software updates for more than a month (I'm looking at you, every other Android device), then they're improving the image of the OS itself as well as giving consumers a better tablet to buy. What do the other manufacturers have to offer to the ecosystem? A few things, like the Transformer Prime, have been genuinely innovative devices, but it seems like they mostly just dump their own UIs on top of old versions of Android and act like that differentiates their products. Duplicate of http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4279118 IMO, the free plan is brilliant. They get people to front the money for putting in infrastructure, and as digital distribution of everything continues to grow, they'll probably start to see people transitioning over to the faster connections. $300 + $70/month is a hard sell for a lot of people, but if my parents could ditch Comcast for a one time fee I'm pretty sure they'd do it. Especially since if they were kids "Direct her to the BART" might not be an appropriate response >Talk about guns, then talk about drugs, and each of the two major parties literally adopts the arguments of the other. Not really. Neither party has many elected officials in favor of changing anything about drug laws. And the main argument in favor of legal gun ownership is about the right to defend yourself, which doesn't apply as well to cocaine, for example. The debate based on personal choice and responsibility versus increased government authority shows up almost exclusively from people of a more libertarian bent, but not necessarily on one side of D/R or the other. You sure about that? Section 8: Prejudice [1] (the only GFWL game I own) lists Games for Windows Live under 3rd party DRM. On the other hand, the Batman: Arkham Noun games [2,3] list SecuROM in 3rd party DRM but not GFWL. I'm told that these games are both GFWL titles. I don't know what's going on there, but it looks inconsistent. [1] http://store.steampowered.com/app/97100/ [2] http://store.steampowered.com/app/35140/ [3] http://store.steampowered.com/app/57400/ Just spotted it, the Batman games hide it in the System requirements: > Online play requires log-in to Games For Windows – Live So I guess it's in the DRM list if you need it to play singleplayer, and in system reqs if you don't. Seems fair, but I'd still rather have it be consistent. No reason S8 couldn't list it in both spots. It doesn't seem like they went to any particular lengths to hide it, just nobody bothered to look very hard, and you wouldn't expect them to be installing browser plugins. Sony's DRM system, on the other hand, was an actual rootkit and went to a lot of effort to bury itself in the infected system. Agreed. There's no game that my desktop doesn't meet the minimum requirements for, and won't be for at least a few years. I don't make a habit of checking them. Take a look at PySide. It's an alternative to PyQt with less restrictive licensing. You can use Qt Designer to visually edit GUIs, and then automatically produce the code for it using pyside-uic. I'm in a similar boat and just started looking at it recently, but it seems like a solid option. Nicer than Tkinter, I think. http://www.pyside.org/ http://zetcode.com/gui/pysidetutorial/ That's what Apple's shooting for with the App Store's sandboxing requirements, but I'm sure the typical HNer will continue to have a few programs that need to operate outside the limited entitlements that the App Store allows. Still, it'll be better to have a single digit count of those on your computer instead of anything being able to erase your home folder without asking. Better that than pushing legislation to ban 3d printers because they can infringe on copyrights Betteridge's Law of Headlines in action! I think it's worth pointing out when the title is a blatant attempt to get more people to read it. If they'd just said "WPA2 Isn't Broken Due to Defcon Hacking" then a lot less people would click through. I'll give him credit for starting off with "Quick answer: no" though. For business use, how many apps do you need? They're going to sell it to enterprise users by Microsoft Office, which is a safer bet for interoperability than Numbers/Pages/Keynote on an iPad. Apple beats them handily in number of 99¢ games and Instagram clones, but it's much more even in the areas that matter in enterprise. And how often do you need to ask a geek a question about an iPad? There isn't much of a learning curve, and anybody who has owned one can probably answer most questions. Hopefully (I haven't used it myself) the Win8 tablets are similar in that regard. In my opinion, it'll mostly depend on whether they do the 8-levels-deep-control-panel and features with no visible interface (like the desktop's start menu and sidebar). But not all software is created equal: the single-machine sign on limit is OK for games because you'd never try to play two games at once on different computers. But hell if I'm going to buy a copy of TextExpander for my laptop if quits (and needs a password to relaunch) every time I run a game on my desktop. I'd love to have an alternative to the App Store that doesn't mandate sandboxing and have Apple's mysterious restrictions, but Steam's DRM system is too limiting for me to be comfortable buying "real software" from it. Exactly like that! But with the toolbar at the top and less of the kitschy storefront skeumorphism. But interface wise, it's still nicer than anything I foresee coming from Valve in the next decade or so. Bodega really nailed the updates system. It found all of my non-app-store software that was out of date, and handled the updating with one click and a password. It's having trouble with Calibre, but Adium, Transmission, Pixen, BetterTouchTool, and others all worked fine. Thanks for pointing this out! The only areas I see Steam having an advantage are preexisting users, and the ability to sell cross platform (Mac+Windows+Linux) software. MSDN emailed me my password once. I've got this too. And strange problems with the Finder/Dock. Stuff like clicking a folder or the trash can not opening it, not being able to empty the trash, and programs that are running not showing up in the cmd-tab switcher. No show stoppers like the WiFi bug, but it's still disappointing. There was Seashore, which was a simpler image editor based on GIMP, but native integration never seemed to be a priority for GIMP. I think there's a commonly held view on open source projects that they're all doing you a service, and if you don't like the tool they wrote you can fix it yourself or use something else. I can't say there's anything particularly wrong with that view, but it doesn't always lead to the greatest user experience. I can only assume that someone (or several someones) with the time and knowhow to get this done finally came along and decided it was worth investing their time in. I doubt it's as exciting as working on the image editing features. Best one I'm aware of is Enqueue ( http://www.enqueueapp.com/ ) It looks like a great music player, but it's missing some Apple proprietary features. Things like Airplay, Podcasts, iPhone syncing, and anything else that couldn't be implemented in software sold through the App Store. I don't know of anything that can do those well except for iTunes, but I assume the feature bloat is part of why you're looking for an alternative. EDIT: There was a discussion here when its free beta was released. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3207736 If you don't mind doing some of the work yourself, Silent PC Review [1] has a lot of information on building computers with low noise profiles. I had an a GPU a few years ago (GeForce 8600) with a passive heatsink that performed better than the stock blower did, without sounding like a jet engine. It won't save you any money, but quiet gaming PCs are doable if you're willing to invest a bit more time. [1] http://www.silentpcreview.com/ Nopal suggests opening this in VLC: http://qthttp.apple.com.edgesuite.net/129opiygabsdvibsdfobsd... I believe Chrome's pdf plugin is based on Foxit Any idea what those printers use? I've heard of C&C machines carving hard parts out of blocks of metal, but 3D printing them would be really cool. Especially when you're working on an existing product. Maybe it took some brilliance to come up with the first version of Google, but once something grows into a bajillion lines of code with tens or hundreds of people all working on little parts of it, brilliance will only get you so far. Especially when you're working on an existing product. Maybe it took some brilliance to come up with the first version of Google, but once something grows into a bajillion lines of code with tens or hundreds of people all working on little parts of it, brilliance will only get you so far. Watts is not a useful measure of visibility for humans, I would hope they're using lumens. Unless it's safe to assume that it reflects very similar amounts of visible light to the moon, but I don't know if that's the case. In most contexts. But it's used frequently in "infrared light" too. Watts include radiation across the entire EM spectrum, from radio up to gamma rays, while lumens are normalized to human perception. You basically take the number of watts at each wavelength and multiply it by a factor that represents the eye's sensitivity at that wavelength. So 1 watt of IR is zero lumens, and 1 watt of blue light is fewer than 1 watt of yellow. Take a look at the spectral distribution of daylight [1]. You'll notice the area under the curve in IR is pretty similar to the amount of visible light. If the IR reflectivity of a comet were high and the visible were low (relative to the moon), knowing that they were reflecting about the same wattage wouldn't tell you much about relative brightness. [1] https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4c/Solar_Sp... I think Free to Play, while a nice idea, is somewhat misled. The end goal of a project like this has to be breaking even or making a profit, and if the free version is set up to be good enough to play long-term you're not going to convert as many to sales. It used to be that these "free versions" were billed as demos, with the implication that you try it out for 30 days, a chapter of the story, or whatever the developer chose to limit. And after you get through that, you buy the game to keep playing. Giving away 90% of the product and hoping people want the extra 10% enough to pay $15 for it doesn't seem sustainable. I especially hate this in competitive multiplayer games (looking at you, Tribes: Ascend), where you're absolutely at a disadvantage if you haven't bought stuff or invested a huge amount of time. I'd rather have the type of demo we used to get in games like Unreal Tournament, where you have the complete gameplay experience but only have one or two maps to play on. It's barely even different from the digital situation. This is basically taking HDCP and saying "Instead of pictures on a TV, now it's 3d shapes on a printer." Both are digital output devices, one of them just lasts longer than the other. Plus we already have printing prevention on physical 2D printers, but it's only used to stop paper currency counterfeiting, instead of being for private parties. Never tried it myself, but my understanding is that printers will cut it off and give you a link to http://www.rulesforuse.com instead. Still, 12 hours after receiving notice seems a bit extreme. Especially for content that wasn't publicly accessible anymore. CO2 dissolving does help with climate change, but causes ocean acidification instead. If it gets bad enough, the lower pH will interfere with a lot of marine life with calcified structures like shells and coral. The full impact of that on the ocean's food chain is difficult to estimate, but it won't be good. I more or less agree with this take. Windows 7 was good enough that a lot of people won't have a reason to upgrade, but as Windows 8 tablets become more common I think we'll see a "halo effect" on desktops. Having seen it running for a few months, there are a lot of nice things about 8, and once you get over the Start menu there aren't many negatives. And new computers will come with 8 installed, so that's some pretty significant adoption right there. Surface might make less money than an OEM license for RT would have, but there's no way another company could drive the tablet sales that Surface will. With the increased adoption, their cut from Windows Store software sales should make up for some initial shortfalls. Yeah. Enterprise users are going to buy Windows 7 tablets instead. Sarcasm aside, (some) enterprise users are going to buy tablets, and they're going to have Windows RT. Whether they adopt 8 on the desktop is a separate question, but if there's good uptake of RT that will give it a kick. Not for everyone in enterprise, certainly. And most people will still have desktops. But for a job that involves travel and a significant amount of work in Word, Excel, or PowerPoint, Windows RT tablets are a good fit at a comparatively low price. Most of the negativity about Vista was related to changes that were a good thing in the long run, but didn't have 3rd party support (updated drivers) out of the gate. SP1 fixed some problems, but in my opinion the bigger reason for SP1 being reliable was that the ecosystem had gotten its act together. Windows 8 might not have a lot of native metro apps in their store yet, but at least everything works properly. Fewer companies have the option of screwing it up out of laziness. Are you perhaps thinking of their change from .torrent files to magnet links? My understanding is that the tracker is something of a necessity. The hardware cost is sunk, but the additional electricity you use by serving things out over bittorrent instead of idling isn't. This is my point exactly. Thanks for putting it better than I did. Doesn't appear to offer the Pocketbook Touch. I can't find anywhere but eBay to buy them. Maybe this is cynical of me, but I think the preferred solution (from Apple's perspective) is to buy more iPads. Windows RT doesn't have desktop apps, they'll only be supported in Windows 8 on x86/64 processors. ARM tablets like this version of Surface are Metro only. Are there many games worth playing that sell for $20? Going rate on new releases is more like $60. >Even then, your files are still safe and sound on your computer and any other computers linked to your Dropbox account." Unless, as happened here, Dropbox erased the file and synced a blank version across all your computers. They they're safe and sound on any computer linked to your dropbox connection that hasn't been connected to the internet since the file got corrupted. If you catch it in the 30 day window when they keep old versions you're find, but there are files in my Dropbox that I don't use every 30 days. Agreed on not being sure that it's Dropbox's fault. But even if the user killed the file, you've got the same problem. A person running Time Machine (or similar incremental backup system) is a lot safer from this sort of problem than a free tier Dropbox user. Free Dropbox is better than nothing, but people can't keep assuming their files are safe because "they're in the cloud" and get synced to a few places. >Shading and round corners are skeuomorphic, as is indicating depth on a piece of glass. And flat background colors represent a uniformly lit smooth surface. I don't think that mimicking some basic material properties is really skeumorphic. It's more when that's taken to the point of looking/acting like a specific physical object (like Game Center's pool table felt) that I'd apply the term. On the other hand, even with those ASICs, the government could buy more of them than anyone else. And then make us pay for them. I don't think the threat is worth discounting. To track someone through a crowd, you don't necessarily need continuous facial recognition. You can tag the identity to a person once using facial recognition or other means (credit card or ATM use if you have that data), and then revert to a more basic motion tracking system to follow them around. I don't know much continuous object tracking across multiple cameras, but I highly doubt it's a difficult problem as long as the cameras have some overlap. Going out on a limb and saying he's an American. I think people here are somewhat conditioned to say that about everything because you can CYA when you overreact. Then it's a good thing Class 10 MicroSD cards are under $1/gig? ROT13ed and fixed the link: one minus derangements over permutations see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derangement#Limit_of_ratio_of_... Wait a sec, anyone I've given a check to could withdraw the entire contents of my account? I'd trust it more on my own computer than on any of the bitcoin exchanges. There have been a number of pretty giant security and backup lapses, and they haven't been around long enough for me to trust any of their reputations. My own computer on the other hand, is pretty definitely secure. And I can encrypt the wallet if I'm extra paranoid. This doesn't really extend to your average computer user, and I don't think BTC will take off in any meaningful sense until we have a user friendly and secure architecture for it. But the current state of being a currency for the tech-savvy isn't necessarily a bad thing. It's shorter than a most tablets, Nexus 10 included. But dragging something and having it move is a fundamentally obvious interaction. Can you really take "Thing that happens physically, but on a screen" and call it an invention? Could (or did?) someone have gotten a patent on a downward "gravity-like" force on a digital object, so that it falls when you let go of the mouse button? Has anyone patented "grabbing" an "object" with augmented reality glasses, and manipulating it in space? That seems like the most obvious extension of click and drag into the third dimension possible, and yet I have very little doubt that the patent office would grant it. It's a solid state drive. Plenty of us have them. I use LibreOffice on my own computers. If I ever had to exchange documents with anyone else, I don't think I would. A friend and I were trying to pick a format to use for some files we're jointly working on via Dropbox, and .docx was not sharing well between multiple pieces of software. I don't know whether Pages on his iPad was more of a problem than LibreOffice, but either way, we settled on Markdown. It's simple, has 100% compatible editors on all platforms, and works just fine for simple documents. I'd been editing the markdown directly in MarkdownPad, which seemed to behave as I would expect it with nested lists. Not sure what's available in the way of iPad clients (since I don't have one), but that's disappointing to hear that they might be inconsistent. They're better about it than the other phone manufacturers. Before the iPhone, it was more or less impossible to get a smartphone that wasn't loaded with non-removable carrier crapware. Apple's refusal to let AT&T do the same with the iPhone during their initial exclusivity deal was a big step. But now, Apple doesn't have as much leverage. If they walk away from negotiations and say "Sorry, no more AT&T iPhones," they're losing all of the customers that stay on AT&T and buy Android devices. And AT&T loses all of the customers that switch to other networks so they can get new iPhones. Apple did try to do something about exploitative text message pricing when they introduced iMessage. AT&T's response was to stop offering anything but unlimited texting plans. I'm saying that they used to because when the iPhone was new it gave them incredible leverage. If AT&T hadn't agreed, they'd have taken it to Verizon, and still made tons of money. They no longer get the same leverage that they had while offering an exclusivity agreement on the first iPhone. If Apple were to walk away from AT&T, both companies would lose a bunch of money. It's something of a "nuclear option," and Apple doesn't care enough about unlocked phones to waste their limited bargaining ability on it. @defen, Android lets you put widgets like weather, clock, stocks, etc, in your home screens. Something like this: http://phandroid.s3.amazonaws.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/07... While I see your point, that would basically make the statistic useless. I see that mostly as a crutch to let you use a Chromebook as something closer to a real computer. It hasn't been pushed in nearly the same way that ActiveX was. It's being downvoted because the the tone of your post does not fit the kind of conversation that Hn users want to have here I have family members who have used Apple products since at least System 7 (probably earlier, that's the first one I can remember). But they're still more comfortable with an iPad than a Mac. There are a ton of things that we assume are second nature, but are really learned skills. I think the notion that applications that aren't in the dock still exist (in the Applications folder) is starting to sink in, but installing software from disk images? You have to mount it, copy the program to the Applications folder, understand where it went so you can launch it, and then eject the disk image. I knew people when I was in high school (granted that was a while ago, but it wasn't their first time using a computer) who would download software and just run it off of the disk image every time they wanted it. Unless the developer has put in an alias and a background image to explain things, there's no indication that there's a better solution. Especially the animations. It's pretty disingenuous to show this level of smoothness when they almost certainly know it's not going to be possible. The more common version is people who say "Life isn't fair" while taking advantage of everyone else and generally being asinine. Out of curiosity, what's the problem with that? I assume he'd have the copper twisted together to make a good connection, with the solder just holding it in place instead of acting as the conductor. Anyone know if this system respects Do Not Track settings? I received no ActiveX warning with Windows 7 and IE9. What version are you running? Google Voice for example. Apple felt that another app having a dialer would be confusing to users. I'm not sure what excuse they'd have to block Google Maps, given the large selection of mapping apps available, but I wouldn't put it past them to come up with something. Does this still work when it has a few pieces of dust stuck inside? They take up space and make noise, but fans seem like they'd be a lot safer unless you're filtering air on the way in. We used to have something closer to it. Side effects included child labor, people burning to death in factories because the doors were locked, and Standard Oil, among other things. Even the most hard-line Libertarians will admit that "complete freedom" is overrated. Prohibition is very definitely a solution to some problems. Take drugs as an example: You can make an argument that marijuana, or even harder drugs like cocaine or meth should be personal choices. But those arguments have limits. For instance, nobody would run a "Legalize Vancomycin" campaign. Being one of our last resort antibiotics that remains effective against many cases of MRSA, preventing its overuse is critical. If not for our prescription drug system, it'd take less than a week for someone to start selling ANTIBACTERIAL SOAP! KILLS 99% OF MRSA! and the drug would become useless in short order. While I won't say that's analogous to gun laws, it's a good example of there being cases where prohibition is an effective solution, and there are absolutely situations where things should only be available to people with a strong need to use them. Saying that prohibition is never a solution reeks of the same aversion to complex opinions that the linked article was written about. Admittedly, the libertarians I've spoken to personally have some concept along the lines of "Your freedom ends where mine begins," and don't think a society where someone might feel entitled to murdering you over a parking space would be a good idea. But I could probably have worded it better. In any case, I don't see "complete freedom" for everyone as a concept that can even exist in the abstract. If you have complete freedom, I can't (as a silly example) lock you in my basement and make you sew Snuggies for 20 hours a day. But one definition of freedom (#3 on dictionary.com) that I think applies here is: > the power to determine action without restraint. If slave ownership isn't permitted, then I don't have that power. Either you get "complete freedom" or I do. Replacing "overrated" with "not possible/feasible" should make it a bit more accurate. >Prohibition: Noun The action of forbidding something, esp. by law. A law or regulation forbidding something. I don't see how it isn't prohibition. What differentiates it from any other prescription drug, especially those with recreational uses? Would you apply the word to marijuana, but not to OxyContin? Regarding your last point: If there were a massive outbreak of something best treated by Vancomycin, I'm sure we would see arguments that it should be available over the counter to anyone who wants some. And that would be a terrible idea because of people who would buy a bunch and take it constantly, figuring it would keep them safe. And maybe it would, but at the cost of Vancomycin becoming a less effective treatment, and overall a lot more people dying. That's one aspect of the argument that does fit pretty well with the debate on firearms. Last year I had a few weeks between real internet connections at my house, and it really drove home how bad an idea these systems are. Even Steam, which ostensibly has an "Offline Mode" did not do as well as I'd have liked because one of the residents didn't have it set to log in automatically. So now we're in a situation where all of her games refuse to open and we won't be back online for a while. But you'd think Steam would have no problem authenticating through a tethered EDGE connection. It's not a ton of data, and it doesn't need low latency. But it didn't work. Even if webpages loaded (albeit not quickly), Steam would not log in. So it strikes me as incredibly arrogant for companies like EA and Ubi to come along and tell me that these always online systems aren't a problem. They are. And it sucks how many users accept them. Even when we're not talking about days/weeks like I discussed above, small Comcast outages here are not uncommon, and it's crazy that games will quit or entirely refuse to run when they happen. I absolutely agree that they should have seen the reaction coming. The same kind of systems have been in place with games like StarCraft 2 and Assassins Creed, and they've all gotten similar receptions on sites like Reddit. If you have Steam set to remember your password and log in automatically, it's fairly reliable. If you prefer to not leave passwords remembered, Steam will not launch even in Offline Mode until you restore the connection and authenticate. This is by design. http://i.imgur.com/NXCpk.png While I understand the reasons for designing it this way, it's still very annoying to be caught off guard by it. I'm glad that nobody could get access to any actual account data like my friends list, time played, etc. But I'd much rather it be a system like the Mac App Store, where software will run no matter what once it's been downloaded, and running things I've installed is entirely separate from my account authentication and anything with personal information in. I think that a lot of people are aware of that; they question whether it actually adds value to the game. Given the choice between an entrepreneur that moves between cities (and other similar features) or a game that works when the internet goes down for 5 minutes, I'd take the latter. Having interactions like pollution between neighbors is pretty cool. But there's no good reason it couldn't work with AI neighbors too. The online only features feel tacked on to force players into staying online all the time. Perhaps a more important point that I should have mentioned: I can still play Sim City 2000 (published in 1994). Games like this that depend on online servers for basic functionality? I doubt they'll work in 18 years. Google Maps for iOS lets you double tap and drag up/down to zoom. It's a pretty nice implementation, just harder to discover. Spotify was a big one, but it looks as though they added non-facebook signups back in recently. I don't know the source of their data, but this map from BP Solar puts Germany on par with most of Alaska (and worse than anywhere else in the US) http://www.amerescosolar.com/sites/default/files/insolation_... This is something that's allowed for in some solar regulations, using a system called Virtual Net Metering. It works the same way as normal net metering (where power sent back into the grid runs your meter backward), except that the power output can be allocated over multiple people's electric bills. IIRC, there are community solar projects that do exactly what you describe. http://www.cpuc.ca.gov/PUC/energy/DistGen/vnm.htm Pizza places have maybe 20 ingredients in stock that all get used at a pretty predictable rate. Keeping something like a much larger selection of fruits available and fresh when you can't freeze them is a somewhat harder problem. Am I the only one who thinks this is a terrible idea? Normal people don't have the time to vote on every single issue; we have our own jobs to do. A system like this just means he'll be voting with the loudest minority for everything that comes up. Microsoft predicted this to an extent, just a few months back: http://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2012/11/micros... I don't see how it's misogynistic. A woman on a dating site who didn't want to settle down and raise a family would probably have the exact same reaction to a single father's profile. Maybe there's a more polite way of phrasing it, but if you don't want to be raising a kid, then seeing one as "extra baggage" doesn't seem like a stretch to me. Edit: As sfall points out, he wrote "extra" and not "massive" Can a normal proxy server decrypt your HTTPS even it if wants to? I'm by no means an expect on cryptography, but I assume they're only able to do this because they can include their keys on Nokia devices and tell them to trust it. When I access a proxy on my computer, it can't do that. If an arbitrary proxy could MITM a secure connection, HTTPS would be useless. > In nature, the optimum is almost always in the middle somewhere. Distrust assertions that the optimum is at an extreme point. This one caught my eye as being only half right. As you increase something, you may get better performance up to a point but then see it level off and decrease. For instance, you could increase the fuel capacity by a factor of 10, but then you'd need a larger engine, more powerful thrusters to maneuver it, etc. On the other hand, the lower bound of "don't do that at all" is frequently optimal. A lot of these cases are things that you'd intuitively see as stupid ideas (ie "how many lead weights should we bolt on to the fins"), but in other cases they aren't. Like a fish that evolved away its eyes because they were no longer useful. ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amblyopsidae ) If you took the "law" too literally, you'd be distrustful of saying "These eyes aren't doing anything, let's have 0 of them." Don't be afraid to remove wasteful features. There are printable ceramics as well, though I don't know how strong they are. The usual method is to print a powder and binder, then fire and glaze the piece. They're handing integration with Unity and UDK, so that's a lot of devs who will be able to use it with minimal effort. Whether they do also depends on enough consumers owning them that devs feel it's worth the time. Bit of a chicken and egg problem; I hope they can pull it off. The 8000 units sold on Kickstarter suggest there's enough demand to make it work. You're still tethered to the computer by the video and power cables, so unless you're being interrupted to do other things at your desk a lot I don't think this would help. Most of the time if I'm interrupted in a game it's for something that I can either do on my phone, or so something I have to do away from my computer. That said, it would be an interesting experience to try wearing a VR headset for a long period with a couple of cameras giving a very wide view. I'm curious how well we'd be able to adapt to having 360° vision. If you were set on using the head tracking for movement, you'd have to set it up like a controller's thumbsticks (which also have a fairly limited angle of motion). There's a dead spot in the middle, but going outside it makes you turn. Speed increasing the farther out you go. Metroid Prime 3 on the Wii (and possibly other games) used a similar control system based on the wiimote pointer. It had an adjustment period when you first picked it up, but worked very well. Whether the same holds true with head tracking, I can't say. Then the Rift in general might not work for you. Any time you turn it's going to be like being on a merry-go-round without the sensation of moving, whether the command to turn was based on the direction you were looking or on moving your mouse. http://contests.about.com/od/sweepstakes101/f/VoidinQuebec.h... summarizes it pretty well. The contest laws there make it a lot more work (and more expensive). Especially for sweepstakes where they're just randomly giving away free stuff (rather than competitions like this), it makes more sense to just exclude it instead of dealing with their laws. Was down in Pennsylvania and Michigan an hour or so ago, but it's back up. It's using 15px with a 22px line height, which looks pretty typical and about as readable as any other blog. Even the code blocks are 14px, noticeably larger than the 12px in HN comments. > Completely flat design has no sense of layers or depth. Windows 8 suffers particularly strongly from this because it's got a lot of software that wasn't originally designed for the Metro style. Outlook ( http://i.imgur.com/7fWEmvm.png ) is one of the worst examples. There are so many small things that would help give a hierarchy to the design, like using a darker shade of gray in the ribbon background and maybe the sidebar. Without visual cues it's a mess that you have to stare at to understand. It's possible that isn't the final version; I just found the screenshot on GIS. But as far as I know it still looks like that in RTM. I'd say that "get a dozen" implies "jugs = 12" and not "jugs += 12". If you wanted to get a dozen more, you'd say "get a dozen more" This isn't a perfect comparison because it's a larger screenshot, but the non-flat interface is 2010 was laid out the same way. In my opinion, it's a much clearer interface: http://cdn-static.zdnet.com/i/story/61/44/001475/out14-revis... It's transmitting power directly instead of taking it through a generator then back again using a motor, so it's quite possible. A quick search suggests that motors and generators can both be over 90% efficient in the electrical/mechanical conversion, but I would guess that you could do better in a purely mechanical system. Over short distances we already use mechanical energy transfer all the time (drive shaft in cars, chains in bikes, etc.), this takes the same idea and extends it to a longer distance. My hunch is that while it would still work in theory, electrical systems would win out because of construction costs and maintenance. Motors and generators are widely available, wire gets laid once and works for decades, and contractors know how to deal with all of it. A jerker line needs more frequent lubrication, has custom parts that wear out, and when they do you can't just say "I need a new NEMA 6 motor" and have it in a day. EDIT: Also worth noting that the high efficiency numbers for the electrical system are going to be at peak load, if you run it at partial they'll drop. The frictional losses on a jerker line are probably a bigger percent of the total at part load as well, but I don't know whether they'd be more or less significant than a generators'. It might come down to whether you're using the oscillating motion directly or trying to turn it back into rotation. There's no way that you'd get rotation more efficiently than a motor, but elements like the tripod pendulums seem like they'd have comparably small losses to the generator/motor. Then again, I've never seen any measurements of energy losses on pushing a pendulum back and forth, so as you say, I could be overestimating the efficiency of those too. Here are the official mirrors: box.net Linux - https://evad3rs.box.com/shared/static/5dped2c9ejnk5r6ahfpg.l... SHA1: c9e4b15a161b89f0e412721f471c5f8559b6054f Mac OS X - https://evad3rs.box.com/shared/static/du66n0g9wl1j4ta57hpx.d... SHA1: 23f99a0d65e71fd79ff072b227f0ecb176f0ffa8 Windows - https://evad3rs.box.com/shared/static/tg1t0cz7oakvq7hsv0bd.z... SHA1: 2ff288e1798b4711020e9dd7f26480e57704d8b2 MEGA Linux - https://mega.co.nz/#!0kUkXBLC!Q8e53kQZpLbGL7PquHWgQFhMU9Ru3W... SHA1: c9e4b15a161b89f0e412721f471c5f8559b6054f Mac OS X - https://mega.co.nz/#!5h0BwQoa!KdRLFwNJ3OjMS-7Zs2YGQnsvPxAKEs... SHA1: 23f99a0d65e71fd79ff072b227f0ecb176f0ffa8 Windows - https://mega.co.nz/#!d9ciUApQ!AkwevVU1OtUrEUU7U4fE-V8qqM9aIN... SHA1: 2ff288e1798b4711020e9dd7f26480e57704d8b2 RapidShare Linux - http://rapidshare.com/files/2561828874/evasi0n-linux-1.0-3c5... SHA1: c9e4b15a161b89f0e412721f471c5f8559b6054f Mac OS X - http://rapidshare.com/files/3010870584/evasi0n-mac-1.0-3c53b... SHA1: 23f99a0d65e71fd79ff072b227f0ecb176f0ffa8 Windows - http://rapidshare.com/files/3503186483/evasi0n-win-1.0-3c53b... SHA1: 2ff288e1798b4711020e9dd7f26480e57704d8b2 I do it for integration with Google Voice (with Phone GV and SMS GV) so that I can place calls from the built in dialer and send free texts through Messages. The other thing I use frequently is NCSettings, which is much like SBSettings, but well integrated into notification center. It has a couple of pages you can swipe through, and gives immediate access to toggles for wifi, data, volume, brightness, VPN, location services, and more. http://modmyi.com/info/ncsettings.php I also use Chrome on my phone, mostly because I use it on my desktop and laptop and like to have access to open tabs from my computers. It's doable without jailbreaking, but being able to set it as the default browser makes it a lot better. If a site didn't let users see the content that matched their search query, Google would either not index it or would put it far into the results after the more useful links. To avoid that, they have a deal with a number of paywalled sites called "First Click Free" that lets users who reach a site via search to access a limited number of articles through the paywall. On the other hand, developing for this is a lot cheaper than the PS3 and 360. Much of its software is going to be ports of Android phone games, so developer adoption isn't the huge hurdle that it's been on other new ecosystems. The mobile appstores are so saturated that it's impossible to get noticed, at least at the start that will make Ouya attractive to developers even if it has a smaller customer base. Notch: "See, the problem with Minecraft for the Ouya is that it's android, and our android version of Minecraft isn't exactly that super great." They've been working on it, but it still doesn't compare well to the PC version, or even the Xbox release. People are willing to accept a bit of a gimped version of their phone, because it's running on their phone. On a console (even one that costs less than a phone did) I think they'll have some trouble overcoming that. It could happen, but a proper version of Minecraft for Ouya would take some effort. If they get enough adoption for Mojang to bother, that could be the tipping point that pushes it to popularity. https://twitter.com/notch/status/223475074425036800 I believe it's moderated by Ouya, but I don't know how strictly. Amazon isn't involved beyond selling the hardware. I'm definitely happy they're building that in, rather than having two versions of every game like people tend to on the App Store. It's a bit of a mess on account of that. At the time, it was severely behind the PC version on features. It's still lagging, but it's been catching up. The biggest things are that that worlds are limited to a very small size and it's missing the two extra dimensions. I wouldn't be surprised if those features made it in for an Ouya release. The ones that really depend on touch wouldn't work well, but there are plenty (especially shooters and RPGs) that try to duplicate twin-stick controls on to a touchscreen. Those are the games that will make sense to port. IIRC the controller has a touchpad (not a touchscreen) in the middle, but I have no idea what anyone's going to do with it. The car works great when it isn't cold. If the mileage estimates aren't taking temperature into account, that seems like something Tesla should be addressing in software. A relative gauge or percentage would be one thing, but if you tell the driver it's going to get 100 miles, they need to know it can make that to the next charging station. The HD 4000's performance in AutoCAD is not far below common discrete cards. Keep in mind, the graph here is showing it against desktop cards, and it comes in slightly under the Radeon HD 7750. That's a $100 budget gaming card. For 2D CAD (still fairly common in architecture, I can't speak to other industries), the benchmark is almost identical across the board. So no, it can't match the performance of a GTX 680. And I doubt it handles complicated models very well. But it's by no means incapable of light CAD work, especially compared to laptops. http://www.pugetsystems.com/labs/articles/AutoDesk-AutoCAD-2... I don't own a car charging adapter, but on most trips where I'm using my phone for navigation I'll also have a laptop and charger cable in the car. For Apple laptops, if you start charging while the computer is awake it will keep charging when the laptop is sleeping. For PCs it varies by manufacturer, but IIRC some of them have a BIOS/UEFI option for powering USB ports while they're asleep. They've since come out and said that Greenlight as a system isn't solving the problems that they wanted it to, and they're going to try and reduce the barriers to getting games on Steam. My assumption there is that with the saturation of the games market (especially the "casual" variety) means that it's impossible to pick which horses to bet on. Steam doesn't want to be left out as the only missing platform when the next Angry Birds rolls around, and the obvious solution is to do minor quality control but let everything into the storefront. I'm sorry, but you'll need to license the patent for a "method of patenting basic legal processes" first. I'd rather have manually induced signals than a magnet, ideally something that could use low power bluetooth (or similar) to talk to my smartphone. Maybe a set of muscle-twitching electrodes to replace vibrate mode on my phone, or to poke me for anything else that I'd want to be notified of. With enough outputs you even do things similar to the vibrating compass belt that's mentioned elsewhere in the comments. Or instead of a north-compass, it could point you toward any arbitrary destination via GPS. Definitely more what I had in mind Just so you're aware about the new SimCity, it requires a constant internet connection to play, and there's no way to save/load previous versions of a city. You can't mess around and experiment without doing irreversible damage, which was a big part of the fun. Personally speaking, I value being able to have more fun over having worldwide rankings. Does every game need to be competitive? Both interesting and terrifying if this is true. The idea sounds a lot like Vonnegut's ice-nine, only for space instead of water. It functioned in a significantly different way from other units. They had to include the unit building mechanisms from factory buildings (for producing interceptors), and instead of having its own direct attacks it controlled a small fleet of child units with their own weapons. The engine wouldn't have been particularly flexible about that kind of thing, as almost every other unit has either a direct "shoot guns at the target" attack or no attack at all. The two exceptions to this were the Protoss carrier (air) and reaver (ground). Reavers would have been a bit simpler because their projectiles just find a path to the target and blow up; there's no need for swarming behavior, returning to the carrier to recharge, etc. With console cycles getting longer and longer, the PS4 needs to be competitive for a decade. Even if Ouya and their ilk don't take off in the near future, tablets and phones will keep chipping away at console gaming. Microsoft may be the competition right now, but they can't count on it staying that way. When the PSP and PS3 came out, the iPhone didn't exist yet, but things change. You can also store it in the holes that you took natural gas out of. I'm not aware of it being done on any large scale, but it's been talked about a lot. One thing that I don't see mentioned in the article is Samsung's (and EA's) new "100% Indie" initiative. They're pushing to get more game developers selling through Samsung's store instead of Google's, with the draw being six months of no royalties on sales. After that, it rises to 10%, 20%, and eventually the standard 30%, but if it goes as planned it should get a foot in the door for Samsung's marketplace. PC magazine has more details: http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2415190,00.asp The Surface Pro is a PC, for all intents and purposes. The only thing setting it aside from a laptop is the touchscreen and kickstand/cover instead of a hinge/keyboard. Functionally, it can do anything a desktop PC can. While we're definitely moving in that direction, the workflow he used is still impossible on a normal tablet for the time right now. Sketchbook Pro exists on the iPad, but as far as I can tell there's no tablet version that works with real digitizers. For now, it remains in "Work you need a real OS for" category. Asymmetric connectors weren't bad, it's when you have asymmetric connectors in rectangular plugs that it becomes a problem. I never tried to put FireWire 400 in backward, but USB is awful. I don't know about you, but I find that blatantly offensive. When terrorists use box cutters and pocketknives to slit your colleagues' throats, you don't move on so easily. And that is why I am so utterly slack-jawed at the decision to allow the same weapons that were used to kill so many people. In 2004, the 9/11 Commission found that terrorists used knives such as Leatherman tools to overtake the crew. This is just as true everywhere else. Should we have security screening at malls, on busses, and checkpoints on public streets to make sure nobody's carrying a pocket knife? On 9/11 the passengers had no idea that they were about to fly into buildings. Threatening to stab someone if the pilot doesn't open the cockpit would never work today; the assumption is that if a hijacker takes control of a plane then everyone on board is very likely to die. I can only assume that the author thinks sharp objects should be illegal everywhere? At least when I have a problem with Comcast I can eventually get a rep on the phone to fix it. Can anybody with Google Fiber comment on whether the customer support is better than their other products'? Even paying Google Apps customers have said that it's almost nonexistent. I realize it's possible since this is a (relatively) expensive paid service, but Google has a lot less experience doing customer service even less than AT&T or Comcast. And their usual approach of "Make a webpage listing common problems" might not work as well for fixing internet service outages. The new device is capable of achieving a net cooling power in excess of 100 watts per square meter. By comparison, today's standard 10-percent-efficient solar panels generate about the same amount of power. That means Fan's radiative cooling panels could theoretically be substituted on rooftops where existing solar panels feed electricity to air conditioning systems needed to cool the building. This isn't quite true. The electrically powered cooling system is likely driven by a heat pump with a coefficient of performance of around 3.5, meaning that it moves 3.5 times as much heat from inside to outside as it consumes electrical power. If they can manufacture this for significantly cheaper than solar panels they might catch on, but it doesn't sound like the performance is competitive. I doubt the savings from a smaller AC system will be enough to make it viable. Perhaps you didn't read the article, but it's about using an iPad display panel as an external monitor for a computer (via displayport). There are no other parts of the tablet, only a screen. kalleboo was asking about getting a card with no magstripe, so I assume he's OK with that I doubt Ive is going to take it as flat as Metro. It seems more likely that it will take cues from recent changes like iOS 6's App Store and Passbook, which dropped the shiny glass appearance but still have some amount of lighting on them. My personal hope is that they push it a bit flatter than that to something like what Google did in their new iOS Maps app. We'll see. On the other hand, 9to5mac says: The new interface is said to be “very, very flat,” according to one source. Another person said that the interface loses all signs of gloss, shine, and skeuomorphism seen across current and past versions of iOS. Another source framed the new OS as having a level of “flatness” approaching recent releases of Microsoft’s Windows Phone “Metro” UI. So maybe I'm wrong. At the very least I expect it to keep the rounded corners instead of taking things to uniformly shaded boxes. Path's settlement with the FTC for the last address book incident was that they create a privacy program and get independent privacy audits every other year for the next 20 years. I don't know what the details are on those audits, but if these texts were sent without consent it seems like the kind of misuse of personal information that they would be concerned about. They're clay covered in pyrite, which oxidized into the uninteresting yellow coating. Calling them "rocks" is a bit inaccurate when they're man-made objects. Same here. For something that I wouldn't use all the time like a 2D printer, OfficeMax or a hacker space makes a lot more sense. And since they're still comparatively complicated and failure prone, that lets me just pay a bit more and not have to worry about all of the maintenance. It's using the control system from the iOS version, which is what Epic Citadel was originally a demo for. > So, they take their free to play game, and add the ability to customize your characters in ways that don't affect gameplay that make them money, and they have all of a sudden ruined the integrity of the game? I haven't played any TF2 and don't have any strong opinions on it, I just wanted to point out that it wasn't originally free to play. It was released as part of The Orange Box in 2007 and went free about 4 years later. While the owl is neat, slow motion is basically the opposite of time lapse Are you sure that isn't due to duplicates in Apple Mail? If I'm remembering right, things with labels (including "Inbox") will have copies in All Mail as well as each of their label "folders." IMAP and POP use hierarchical folders and don't understand that a tax email might be marked as both "Government" and "Finances", or whatever your filing system happens to be. David Hansson (of Ruby on Rails) wrote about this five years ago from a software developer's perspective, and I saw a ton of it in college. It's not just in science/technology majors either, friends in things like education were bragging about all nighters they pulled to get papers done just as much as the compsci students. Not much has changed, and I have no idea what could be done about this problem. With a few exceptions, everyone who does this could be working much more effectively if they managed their time better and got enough sleep, but there's resistance to doing that because it's considered "normal" to be in the computer lab until 2 AM. And if you leave a 9 it's because everyone else is more dedicated than you are. It's almost like a more freeform version of a 9-5 workday with people judging you based on how much time you put in, except there aren't any limitations on how long you can spend. And it's friends and peers you're trying to impress instead of your boss. That obsession with trying to impress friends by working all night seems tightly tied to the rise of social networking sites. http://37signals.com/svn/posts/1006-sleep-deprivation-is-not... Obviously, but try telling that to all of the world's office managers. Or try convincing college students that staying up all night to get a project done isn't going to impress anyone. Knowing what to fix doesn't mean you can implement it easily. That's a solution for an individual person, not the problem as a whole. I don't do it, but you need to convince millions of people that staying up late is a actually problem, and isn't worth doing to impress people. It's like saying "I've got an easy solution to HIV. Just have all the HIV+ people stop having sex or sharing needles and it'll be gone in a generation." It might be true, but you can't just wish it into happening. I think it's intended to distract you from the actual limit. If they came out and said "Unlimited storage" everyone's first reaction would be "What's the catch?" One other issue with math and science courses is that they constantly build on previous material. You get these long chains of courses in calculus and differential equations and who knows what else where if you didn't master the first one, you're going to have trouble with everything after it. Getting a D in "British Civil Wars and Revolutions, 1639-1651" won't haunt you for the rest of college. A mastery of lower level European history courses might help you do well in that class, but you aren't in a position where forgetting old material means you don't even know how to start a single exam question. I wouldn't go so far as writing off all of history as rote memorization. Being able to write an intelligent analysis of the political climate leading up to WWI is a very different thing from knowing what year Ferdinand was assassinated. And yet having that level of understanding won't do you much good in a class about the American civil rights movement. But if you can't remember the product rule or how to do integration by parts, it'll keep coming back to screw you for years. http://www.loundy.com/Roadside_T-Shirt.html is one example, there are probably others. It ended up going in a sane direction, but it's a bit crazy to imagine in hindsight. I admittedly don't download much of the App Store's free crapware, but I've never once seen this happen. Do you have an examples of apps that refuse to run when you don't allow a unnecessary permission? A heads up, your account is hellbanned. Don't know why, but in case you can't get it fixed while this is still on the front page, you might want to get use an alt to answer questions here. Communications jamming maybe? If a remote pilot could get disconnected, having a local pilot would be more reliable. As far as I know, the general meaning of "charging cycle" is "used up a full charge worth of power." Whether you recharge from 50% to 100% twice, or only use 10% of the battery before topping it off 10 times, you've used one cycle. That's not a limitation of the new apps, it's one of the differentiating features between versions of Windows. The big reasons to buy Windows Professional are for the disk encryption and RDP server. "Smaller than a pizza box and can fit in any data center" sounds like marketing for "We put it in a standard rackmount form factor" @vikaveri: Since plugging in the cable is my only interaction with my phone charger, I don't think it's unreasonable to say that improving that makes it better. It is literally the one thing the cable does. Whether it's worth the cost is another issue, but even ignoring the other advantages Osmium brings up, it's a better connector. Even if it's a socket, Intel's been churning out new sockets every 2 years or so. On desktops it's gone LGA 1156 (2009), LGA 1155 (2011), LGA 1150 (2013). For servers it's LGA 771 (2006), LGA 1366 (2008), and LGA 1567 (2010). You have a pretty limited upgrade window. One tick/tock, and then your socket is outdated. The new Mac Pro, provided it's socketed, would be on LGA 2011. Did you mean to reply to tsunamifury? If you mean it's faster than the same card using G DDR3, that's because GDDR3 is based on DDR2. Fantastic naming scheme, isn't it? Huh, wasn't aware of that. Is it mostly budget cards that aren't really intended for gaming, or do you see it in low-end gaming cards as well? The people who lined up outside said big box stores to buy PS4s might not feel the same way And my company will be huuuuge, once it captures 1/4 of the market of China. Unlike a factory, patent trolls don't need you to work for them. If it's just a lawyer in an office, what's your bargaining power? > This make no sense. Running Linux (or an OSS stack in general) is not what makes devices out of date. Not updating them does. I can see how you'd read it that way, but I think the intent of the sentence is to state that they're running woefully out of date versions of Linux, not that Linux itself is woefully out of date. The intent with these kinds of high DPI screens is usually to use scaling and keep interface elements roughly the same physical size (like Apple does with the RMBP), not to make everything tiny and still pixelated. If you spend all day looking at text it looks fantastic on a high density display. Support on Windows isn't perfect, but most programs handle it well by now. To elaborate on that last part, aiming down in the city is helpful because you can see far away objects with the street lights already and the bike light is helpful for spotting potholes Most of the programmers I know use MacBook Pros. Some have hackintosh desktops as a backup, but concede that the hackintosh setups are a pain in the ass compared to an actual Mac. So I'm not sure where you're getting that last part. Are these people not computer enthusiasts? Maybe it's cynical of me, but this reads like an admission that the company is failing and trying to cut costs to keep the lights on a bit longer. As a content hosting company you don't irrevocably delete your customers' data without warning and then expect "the best original web series" to rely on your service. Still, I'm a bit surprised that there was no offer to transition to a paid tier or an opportunity to download your media first. Yes, the users should have had local copies, but it's a fact of life that some people won't. EDIT: I'm basing my assumption of no offer to download your content on of Osvaldo Santana Neto's blog post comment. From jsdalton's HN comment[1] and the replies to it, that may or may not be correct. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7008324 The customers as a whole don't have more money, because half of them just got automated out of their jobs. Maybe enough new jobs come around that it isn't a long term problem this time, but there will come a time when essentially every job could be done by a computer. What then? I think it's fair to say that hyperlinking fails. Sites don't maintaining their structure over time would be the cause of the failure, but the link still doesn't work... Semantics maybe, but eh. Agreed on having a way to embed documents. Especially in a way that supported some kind of signing. If I could have a reputable third party (web.archive.org or anybody else) sign an embedded snippet of a page and say "Yes, this was actually posted on X website at Y time" that would be fantastic. If they had just stopped at 0:40 that wouldn't have been bad. But talk about a trainwreck of an advertisement. Right, the trouble with RAM is that if someone wants to keep a pile of data in memory, it has to stay loaded. I would hazard a guess that memory consumption on servers tends to be much less spiky than CPU is, and that's part of why a "DigitalOcean of RAM" is difficult to do. 2400 Hz, if I'm not mistaken. Baud indicates how many signals you can send in a second. Hz is the wave frequency, which you have to mimic for the signaling tones. The short version of maximum speeds is that velocities don't add how you'd expect at relativistic scales. If a ship is moving at 0.5c relative to an observer and it launches a missile forward at 0.5c relative to itself, the missile is moving at less than 1.0c relative to the same observer. In fact, the missile could launch a smaller missile forward at 0.5c, and that missile would still be moving under the speed of light relative to the observer. If you just added speed up classically, it'd be going 1.5c. Really it always works like this, but at speeds we consider normal the error from simplifying to v1+v2=v3 is incomprehensibly small. fennecfoxen, you were marked dead for that comment. No idea why, but I hear emailing pg is the thing to do about it? Why when a shell is focused? Better to wait until the keyboard has been idle for some time, then send the keystrokes to open a shell, execute the needed commands, and close it afterward. I don't know about that, chargebacks are a pretty nice thing. Not to mention in an arcade you're playing on someone else's machine, using their electricity, their space, their air conditioning, and occupying a spot that could be used by another customer. It's very much not the same thing as playing a game on my own phone. Comparing that to IAPs is like justifying a coffee maker that makes me put in $4 for every cup because that's what it costs at Starbucks. Says someone with no more insight than the rest of us on what's going on internally at Apple. Recent hires and job postings suggest that they're angling for the wearable electronics market, and I would bet they'll be years ahead of the Pebble of Galaxy Gear when they do announce something. Would people prefer that they be like Google, with piles and piles of R&D projects that go public, get users, and are shorty abandoned? Ask me how long Google has been working on MMS support in Google Voice for. I honestly wish they'd never bought Grand Central, at least it would have improved in the last several years. Sounds like it's planned: http://forum.kde.org/viewtopic.php?f=137&t=118888&p=298709 I suppose part of my problem is that I'm using it on iOS. Still no iOS 7 update, and there are some really braindead interface decisions in the client. My personal favorite: Text conversations get new messages from the bottom. But when you open the app, it doesn't automatically load new messages. How do you get them? Pull to refresh. At the top of the conversation. Yup, scroll up past several pages of messages to get to the start, pull to refresh, then go back down to read the new texts. Brilliant. It's about their "Invite people to LinkedIn" scheme and how they make it very easy to spam everyone you've ever communicated with. Or in the case of addresses like iTunesConnect, everything you've ever communicated with. I do hope things go this direction, but the trouble here is the lack of security updates when people keep running abandoned software for years. It's the same situation as desktop software, but now connected to the internet. With desktop software you can fix most of that by not opening documents from unknown emails and by blocking it with your firewall. You can guard against some of this on a personal cloud by having VPNs as a standard part of the appliance, but I suspect there are other problems that aren't as easily predicted or fixed. For instance, if my personal copy of Google Docs is running on my specific unit, how does it handle a DDoS? That's one big advantage of having a third party hosting and managing the servers instead of say, my grandma. I think the text of "altexplorer" is being replaced automatically, hence the need for a shortener. Tell that to Google and Facebook Beyond my expertise, but I think a (cryptographically sound) distributed publishing system would be possible. It looks like Freenet is a project doing something like this, but more as a way to anonymous and decentralized way to publish information. The kind of implementation I'm thinking of would have to allow for updates to propagate, or for pages to be deleted (at least in the sense that you can with Flickr, even though someone else might have made a copy). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freenet#Distributed_storage_and... Don't they do that because the servers tend to have a higher bandwidth connection, and NTP amplification attacks let you make use of that even if your own is slower? I think the takeaway is that it lets developers be the designers. Most programmers I know are pretty good at solving problems, but they don't always have an eye for visual details aspect of it. The style guide gives them a framework to work in, and can hopefully prevent a UI atrocity. Maybe hiring an outside designer to do the whole app would get you better results, but if you're going to toss all of that as the app changes, it might not be worth the expense. Assuming your devs aren't bad at user interaction stuff, this gets you most of the way there at a small fraction of the cost. To be fair, the first iPhone demo didn't "really work". The order in which things were presented was determined by what was least likely to crash on stage. Longish article, but it's an interesting read: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/10/06/magazine/and-then-steve-sa... It was demoable in a lab setting, but you certainly couldn't have given one to a consumer and expected it to go well. It's a paid email service, with personal accounts starting at $10/year. Formerly part of Opera Software, but it's recently split off. I think the main selling point is that there's actual support when you have trouble. And it'll get some of your data out of Google, which has become a bit of a trend among techies. That's based on the idea that if bitcoin mining is profitable, more people will get in on it until it eventually becomes break even with the cost of doing it. This is of course a big simplification, and neglects things like the upfront cost of building the mining equipment. At first I thought you mean that in the same sense that my plans for energy-positive cold fusion aren't going anywhere. I'd say both interpretations apply. >But what else may be relying on the system SSL implementation? Your IM client? Various software updaters? Dropbox? Skype? Etc. Mail seems like a huge concern. I use two-factor on my google account, but that's not worth much when SSL doesn't work. For the time being, at least there's webmail + Firefox. But gives them the OS/2 problem. Nobody wrote native apps because it could run Windows 3.x software. Right. With a market this thoroughly dominated by other players, you have three options: 1. Be compatible with their software (and nobody will write anything native) 2. Don't be compatible with their software (and nobody will use your OS) 3. Be really amazing and marketed perfectly so that you can build your own ecosystem. Unfortunately, 3 is much harder to do than the first two. But don't you really wish that your camera/panorama app were a webpage? Then you could use the same one across all of your devices, and you wouldn't need to install anything! And instead of doing local processing on your phone to stitch things, it could send the photos out to a datacenter for stitching and get a finished image back! And if you're out of cell range, maybe it could just cache any camera data and let you see the finished images later when you're back online. And it'd be great for disk space, because everything lives in the cloud and instead of saving videos locally you just have to wait for them to load and use a bunch of bandwidth every time you want to watch one. Yeah, me neither. If you don't have solar panels on your roof, chances are it's still coming from fossil fuels. Generation/transmission efficiency for taking energy from fossil fuels and getting it to your house is around 30%. Electric cars are part of a solution to CO2 emissions, but they aren't one on their own. Math nitpick: It's a bit more complicated than that with exponential growth. You can't divide up 100% over 10 years and say it was 10% each year, instead you have to solve 2=1.1^x, and find that it doubles in 7.27 years. If something grows 10% a year for 10 years, it actually ends up at 2.59x its original size. Huh, that's a handy approximation. I'd never heard of it before. Hmm, wikipedia says ICEs in cars are up to 25-30% efficient. Then there's additional losses from the rest of the car. But the electric car has its own losses from the battery charge/discharge and the motors and whatnot, so it seems like they're at least roughly in the same ballpark. Electric cars certainly have more room for improvement though, since fossil fuels aren't the only way to run the electric grid. @whodaman, you've been hellbanned. Neither of your comments seems to deserve it, so it's not clear why. Assuming you see this (can't reply to you directly), I think the usual advice is to email pg. Oh my... "Too often investors look at short-term returns and are unaware of corporate policy decisions that may affect long-term financial prospects. After today's meeting, investors can be certain that Apple is wasting untold amounts of shareholder money to combat so-called climate change. The only remaining question is: how much?" [1] Let's all ignore climate change. Clearly that would give us better long-term financial prospects. And will definitely not be a huge economic disaster. [1] http://www.nationalcenter.org/PR-Apple_Tim_Cook_Climate_0228... NCPPR's page on the subject does still call it "Global Warming" though. http://www.nationalcenter.org/Kyoto.html Among their headlines: - Get a Clue, White House: The Planet Isn't Warming - Do 97% of All Climate Scientists Really Believe Mankind is Causing Catastrophic Global Warming? - Planet Hasn't Warmed Since 1997, Yet Senators Fret the News Media is Covering Actual Crises Instead of Climate Change Based on those, I'd say NCPPR is denying that it's happening. Also Podcasts, Beats Radio, iHeartRadio, Spotify, and Stitcher. I'm curious if Apple will be controlling what apps are allowed to work with CarPlay to keep people from putting millions of Flappy Bird clones on a screen that drivers shouldn't be looking at. My guess would be yes, but all it says for now is "Stay tuned for even more supported apps coming soon." Supposing that's possible, he still has no guarantee of getting that parking spot. I have a similar parking situation: when I'm lucky I get the stop in front of my apartment, other times it's taken and I end up parked 50 feet down the road. What's the solution to this? Maybe municipal EV charging networks or people charging their cars while they're at work during the day? And if you have a charger at work, trying not to drive too far over the weekend until charging stations become more widespread? Crassin's "Interactive Indirect Illumination Using Voxel Cone Tracing" [1] might be of interest. A snippet from the second page: > We handle fully dynamic scenes, thanks to a new real-time mesh voxelization and octree building and filtering algorithm that efficiently exploits the GPU rasterization pipeline. This octree representation is built once for the static part of the scene, and is then updated interactively with moving objects or dynamic modifications on the environment (like breaking a wall or opening a door). It takes a somewhat beefy computer to run, but the results are impressive. I don't have a link handy, but there was a UE4 editor demo showing some of it a few months ago. IIRC it's been axed as a feature because it wouldn't have run well enough across all of the platforms they were targeting. [1] https://research.nvidia.com/publication/interactive-indirect... Not quite. They're all the same to the lighting/shadowing calculations, but it doesn't re-voxelize geometry that didn't change between frames. From section 4.2: > Both semi-static and fully dynamic objects are stored in the same octree structure for an easy traversal and a unified filtering. A time-stamp mechanism is used to differentiate both types, in order to prevent semi-static parts of the scene to be destructed in each frame. Our structure construction algorithm performs in two steps: octree building and MIP-mapping of the values. It used to be that taking a screenshot briefly stopped the touch event, so it could notify the sender when you took a screenshot. iOS 7 fixed that bug, but added an official way for apps to detect screenshots. I would guess snapchat has just hung on to their old interface out of tradition, since it still works. It just doesn't have anything to do with screenshots anymore. Not sure that's a good idea, as it lets people create their own giftcards by mining coins. If a company make a cryptocurrency that isn't accepted anywhere else, they essentially end up giving away free stuff. Getting paid for a good or service with USD is useful because you can spend it to cover your expenses. If Overstock made OverstockCoins instead of accepting bitcoins, how do they pay their suppliers? I guess that's more or less what Ars is doing, but I don't see how it makes any sense. Biggest one that I've seen is apps regularly acting like I lost my internet connection. Hasn't been fixable without killing and relaunching them. I forget exactly which, but I think I've seen it in Apple apps too. Mail maybe? Oh that reminds me of a couple more. Tons of lag and crashes in the iTunes Store app, and tons of lag in Podcasts, along with chunks of the episodes lists showing up white when I knew there were episodes that should be there. I also had an issue where around half of my music got corrupted during a sync. It acted like everything was fine, then as soon as I tried to play a broken song it would just skip it. Which was particularly irritating because it made "previous song" via 3-clicks on the inline play/pause button stop working. I'd have dead spots in the middle of playlists that I couldn't rewind past because it would hit them and immediately jump to the next song. Resyncing seemed to fix the audio, but ran out of space because it left behind 4 gigs of cruft in "Other" that the storage page in settings couldn't account for anywhere. I had to do a restore to get everything working again. So all in all, my experience with iOS 7 haven't been great. EDIT: One more complaint in the design department, even though I don't mind the iOS 7 style as a whole. The new Music app is very clearly designed for the iPhone 5 and up with taller screens. The scrubber has gotten a lot harder to use, and if you're not precise enough you'll end up setting the song's rating instead. Not MMS here, I'm using Google Voice, and any MMS messages to that number just vanish into the ether. Only a couple of people have my "real" phone number. The Other space ballooning definitely coincided with the music syncing bug. Before that it was a barely noticeable sliver in the space meter. As far as App Store, that one actually runs well for me. It's only the music store that sucks. People here can be picky about things like sentences, capitalization, and punctuation. Try asking "Why?" instead. I'm fairly sure I've had it on wifi, though I'll have to pay better attention to the circumstances and see if I can confirm that. Slight variation (which may have been done before) where you tap instead of holding. Your upward bounce has a predetermined strength that makes minor course corrections impossible. It's definitely an added challenge. Re: Asset store reskin, I have no idea. But FWIW I hadn't heard that accusation before. Great news for Steam OS and Linux in general. It's not as popular as UDK or Unity (especially at small studios), but this definitely opens the doors to getting games on Linux that wouldn't have been otherwise. Off the top of my head, Star Citizen is using the next gen CryEngine. Along with the next Crysis game and who knows what else. I'm not sure what you're getting at with Unity devs not committing to Linux ports except using Unity. They're Unity devs, of course that's how they do their Linux versions. It's also how they do their Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, and console versions. If you mean devs in general, then sure. People writing their own engines aren't necessarily supporting Linux. But games in Unreal Engine, Unity, and CryEngine are a huge chunk of the market, and all three now play nice with Linux. That game has piles of stretch goals already. Maybe they'll just say "We're doing Linux because it's easy and will help us make money" instead of trying to juice more preorders out of it. Then again, whether it helps moves sales would depend on whether the Steam Machines get any sort of adoption and on RSI releasing the game before Linux has a lot of notable titles supporting it. Who knows? > to say it jeopardizes the freedom of the Internet is disingenuous. My biggest beef with DRM is that it makes no allotment for fair use. I'm sure most of us have encountered an irritating website that tried to block right click and ctrl-c, but it's trivial to get around it. What if it weren't? For some reason, we've accepted the idea that video is a special thing that you can't easily grab snippets of and share. I think it's mostly because DRM showed up before there were consumer friendly tools to do it (like ctrl-c for text), rather than some special attribute of video as a copyrightable work. If we accept DRM protected video, what do we say when a photographer comes around and says "Hey, why can't I protect my photos like that?" A lot of websites already try, but we have screenshots and noscript to work around it. Or further down the line, what happens when writers start to ask "Video is protected against copying, why doesn't the browser disable copying from my article?" And all of a sudden I can't copy a quote out to email to my mom without either retyping it or taking a photo and running OCR. Easier than exercising fair use on an encrypted video stream, but still an annoying extra step for something that I ought to have the right to do. In short, I don't think video should get to be special, and if you wouldn't accept DRM on every single piece of content then you shouldn't accept it on videos either. Oh thank god. With all of their stretch goals and what they're charging for preorder ships that you can look at in a pretend hangar, it's awfully hard to tell. I'm looking forward to the game, but their crowdfunding is a kind of strange mess. Yeah, I'm just not a big fan of the endless stream of stretch goals. Some of them are notable things like an improved mission editor, but a lot of them are "not particularly remarkable star system" and "extra class of fighter that we hadn't mentioned before." As if they weren't going to have a huge pile of star systems and several types of fighters anyway. It comes across like they're trying to guilt people into upgrading to higher preorder tiers because otherwise there won't be any more ships or worlds. I backed it on Kickstarter for whatever tier buys the game, but I'll pass on the $275 in-game spaceship and spaceship shaped flash drive (plus a pile of other stuff). But hey, it's their money and if people want to invest it in this, that's up to them. Hell of a lot better than Candy Crush, if you ask me. It's been a while since anybody had a totally new idea Doubt many people will read this, but an update: Dropping internet connection does occur on WiFi and is not fixed in the iOS 7.1 update. Is it still the same ad played over and over during the same break? Just 8 times now instead of 4? 60 Hz is working in 10.9.3 dev previews, from what I've read To be fair, the windy-feet that Apple puts on their power bricks encourage users to do it. I figure that if I need a big coil for the line voltage side I might as well put the DC end in the same size loops, so I never use the built in cable winding. Haven't had any problems except for a close call with a rabbit. Then again, I don't carry it that frequently because the battery life is usually enough. Somebody who puts more wear on them would be more likely to have problems, but I'm not convinced they're so much worse than adapters from other companies. I think the closest analogy is pay-per-minute cell phones. No automatically renewing bill, but they do get recurring income from people who keep using it. Call it a one time fee per notebook if you want to, it's still a revenue stream per user than can keep them in business as long as users are using and replacing notebooks. So the important nuance regarding your previous comment is that "new sales" doesn't mean "new users." You could run a stable business off of this with a steady user base, unlike a pay once use forever model. This feels like a better bet for them than subscriptions. I certainly wouldn't have been interested in their previous model, but now I am. Hey, it's an improvement. Last time I used Hulu (admittedly a while ago) it was "T-MOBILE T-MOBILE T-MOBILE T-MOBILE T-MOBILE T-MOBILE. It goes fast like this pink motorcycle! T-MOBILE." I don't have one, but what I've heard is that not having to take your phone out to check why it buzzed is a really nice change. It stays in your pocket unless you want to actively use it. Some people get really excited about boxes. I could see making a collection of boxes in different styles being a neat project, though there's certainly some busywork involved. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tUHJnl8qPM "Ugh, the new newsfeed is terrible. I'm quitting facebook. For real this time, not like the last 4 times." I mostly like Australis. And I can see why Mozilla doesn't listen to most of the noise about it. As with everything else, nobody gets really loud about how much better it is. Also worth pointing out that while AMD does have PC hardware with hUMA (Kaveri series APUs), the unified memory pool only exists when you're using the integrated graphics processor. If you hook up a discrete GPU (which most gamers do) you get two separate memory pools that are in a unified address space, but don't have the magical consistency benefits that hUMA can give a CPU+GPU working on the same data. Not my area of expertise, but I doubt that kind of setup will help with PS4/XBOne emulation. For drivers, proper support for hUMA isn't available yet on PC. There's some pretty recent information on AnandTech: http://www.anandtech.com/show/7825/amd-updates-driver-roadma... Not great advice for photo editing, which is a huge use case for nondestructive adjustment layers. And the airbags don't go off. http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/14/us-gm-recall-casua... They get to have 5 stores and no other manufacturer is allowed to have any? While I'm not a lawyer, I would assume that "lawful order" has a specific legal definition and that "pursuant to this code" means that it's restricted to orders for enforcing the laws. There are certainly laws against interfering with police, but the right to observe them if you're not in the way is pretty well established. That's some random guy's Livejournal with no sources and amounts to "If the police tell you to hand over $20 because they want to order a pizza, the safest thing to do is comply and file a complaint later." Which is probably true, but I was talking about the legality of ignoring orders that the police don't have the authority to give. And I don't think I'm wrong. Here's what the MD ACLU has to say [1]: > The safest course of action is to obey the officer's directives. Not every order by a police officer is lawful, and police may not lawfully arrest you in Maryland for failing to obey an order unless the order is lawful, and aimed at averting some imminent illegal conduct. It is difficult to know at the scene whether the order is proper, and failing to obey may result in an arrest, even though the arrest may not be proper. You have the right to photograph and record police officers performing their job in public. Police may not order you to delete photographs or recordings on your camera or cell phone. Assuming the system works properly, you could not be found guilty of refusing to give a police officer pizza money (to reuse my earlier example). It's not illegal. Photographing the police and observing a scene without interfering is in the same boat. [1] http://www.aclu-md.org/your_rights/know_your_rights The point I was making is that "Give me money for pizza" is not a lawful order and you're within your rights to refuse it. You can not be found guilty of refusing a lawful order if you did not give him the money. The same is true for things like photography. It's been established that on duty officers have no expectation of privacy, and you have the right to watch and record them. If a police officer demands that you erase photos from your camera, you are under absolutely no obligation to comply with that order. https://www.aclu.org/free-speech/know-your-rights-photograph... The views in mobile apps are typically organized as a tree instead of a circle and require user interaction to move between them instead of cycling themselves. I wouldn't call them carousels any more than I'd call gmail a carousel because you move between views of different messages. I keep my savings in cash under my mattress. Sure, banks are more secure, but they have annoying hours and having the money easily accessible is much more convenient. Besides, I trust my mattress. It's a nice mattress made by a great VC backed mattress company. It's not like I'm putting my money under some mattress that I bought on craigslist. Or at the very least, StartSSL certs issued before yesterday. Sure, and there are also StartSSL certs used on systems that don't use OpenSSL. Do we just nuke every certificate, destroy their business, and force people with secure computers to buy new ones elsewhere even though their servers weren't affected by heartbleed? Because that option sucks too. To make the obligatory car analogy: git-car uses a synchronized system of pistons and electrical arcs to extract energy from hydrocarbon chains and convert it linear motion Which is (a) what a car does, and (b) not how it's described in the car's manual. While it's very purpose specific, you might check out Unreal Engine 4's visual scripting in Blueprint. https://docs.unrealengine.com/latest/INT/Engine/Blueprints/U... For a quick primer: white connections represent the flow of execution, and have a variety of flow control nodes (Switch, Gate, DoOnce, etc) to direct execution around the graph. The other color coded lines represent the usual int/float/bool/string types, as well as some specialized things like rotators/translators/objects. The debugging is fantastic, and sounds like something you might be interested in. You can set breakpoints on nodes and step through execution. Hovering the mouse over any variable will tell you what it's currently set to, or you can mark a value to be displayed next to its node in the graph. Take a look here for more: https://docs.unrealengine.com/latest/INT/Engine/Blueprints/U... You'd need a $20/month subscription to get UE, but you can cancel it immediately if you don't mind not getting updates. In my experience, Safari on Mac is the nicest browser for no reason other than Firefox and Chrome failing to nail trackpad input in the way that Apple has. Granted I still use Firefox because I sync bookmarks to Windows, but if I could sync FF for Windows and Safari for Mac I'd switch back tomorrow. Not so keen on Safari for Windows or iCloud sync. True, but cars deal with this by having separate manuals for normal owners and for maintenance. Owners usually need information like how often to change the oil and what pressure the tires should be at, but they're less likely to need engine timings. Git's documentation (from what I hear, anyway, I've barely used it outside the GitHub client) seems like it's written to say "Everyone using git is a programmer, so everyone using git wants to know about git's implementation details." As someone who would rather have a handle on the basics (and 99% of use cases) before digging into that, google does a better job at explaining what things are for. Which works, but I really wouldn't mind having some canonical user-friendly documentation available instantly on my computer. The bigger deal to me is having a completely portable format that I can just copy and paste between any number of editors and services without worrying about formatting. Doing that in Word? Not so much. You definitely don't need a markdown specific editor, but I don't see a problem with using one if it makes writing md more efficient. Under what authority is "We own everything you do in a related market" the default condition? From what I understand on this kind of stuff, it's completely determined by what contracts an employee has signed. "We own everything you do on company property or with company equipment" is basically universal and things done at your job are understood to be works-for-hire, but a company can't just claim "We own everything you do in your free time if it's related to computers" unless the employee has agreed to that in a contact. Am I wrong here? For your Google example, I would assume their review framework was set up by an agreement with the employees. I had an offer for a job where I was told "Anything you do on your own time is yours. And if you want to put that in a written agreement for a particular project, we're happy to." From what you say, maybe Google doesn't have quite as lax an approach, but their ability to decide what you can and can't work on must have been specified in an employment contract. It usually means that, but not necessarily. Unreal Engine 4 does a $20/month subscription where you can stop paying at any time and just keep using the version you have. Maybe they do that because it would be impossible to enforce anything else (paying one month gets you the full source code), but it's still great that the license allows it. Rumors say later this year: http://www.macrumors.com/2014/03/11/office-for-mac-2014/ A lot of the "Hey, check out my cool startup" pages are put together with Bootstrap or similar. If you don't want it to look the same as every other bootstrap page it still takes some work to customize, but it takes care of a huge amount of work for you. http://getbootstrap.com/ Messaging is definitely still in the main iOS app. They advertise "The new Messenger" with banners to get you to switch, but I haven't bothered. I tried it out briefly, and IIRC had some trouble with chat notifications still coming from the main Facebook app. I could turn off notifications for it, but that'd kill all of the other notifications too. Making chat only in Messenger would solve this, if they haven't fixed it already. Really? I must have missed the part where people were burned alive or had their heads chopped off. For reference, parent comment was along the lines of "Woah. This is crazier than Game of Thrones!" Maybe an attempt at humor, but it's really not. Just tried again, it looks like once you have Messenger installed it gets disabled in the main app. And this time my message notifications are coming from the actual app that I can read messages in, so I'll stick with it. iTunes killed all competition for a long time, but a lot of smaller players without all the baggage are popping back up these days. I haven't tried most of these, but Ecoute is well done. http://mashable.com/2013/07/31/alternatives-to-itunes/ http://pixiapps.com/ecouteosx/ Amazon's streaming is on Roku already, with support for Prime and rentals/purchases. I don't see why they'd have any problem with Chromecast. The Fire TV doesn't seem like a product where they intend to make money off of the hardware. It's just a means to get their content in front of more eyeballs. Their big battle (in my opinion) is that Netflix has a whole lot of name recognition, and that's where making an Amazon streaming box can help. Right now people associate Amazon more with buying physical goods, and less with digital media where their main presence is with the Kindle brand. ominous answered this but was marked as dead. Not clear why, but my best guess is that people use Google Translate to bypass spam filtering? Here's the link he posted. I'm leaving out the google translate link: http://gst.dk/emner/frie-data/minecraft/download-data/ As far as I can tell, neither Locale or Tasker are competitors to IFTTT. While IFTTT can do things like silence your phone based on location, that's not its selling point. What IFTTT does is let you set up connections between services. You can trigger actions on other services based on something the phone does (indicate missed calls with Hue light bulbs, automatically share photos taken at a particular location to a flickr album) or take actions on the phone based on input from external services (get a notification when an apartment fitting your criteria shows up on craigslist, or set background photos from your instagram feed). I don't know of any similar services that hook into anywhere close to IFTTT's variety of inputs or outputs. Ah good catch, I didn't notice he'd linked it through goo.gl Generally speaking, cell phones today already know where they are with pretty good accuracy. So the most obvious solution would be to have a standardized system for a phone to send its GPS/wifi based position to the 911 center. In some cases the caller is not able to communicate verbally because they're choking, hiding in the closet from an intruder, or any number of other reasons. In those situations, being able to reach 911 by SMS would allow them to give a location. You can't yet, but it's being worked on. http://www.fcc.gov/text-to-911 > In an agreement with NENA and APCO, AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, and Verizon have voluntarily committed to provide text-to-911 service by May 15, 2014 in all areas served by their networks where a 911 call center is prepared to receive texts. http://www.fcc.gov/text-to-911 > If you're offline you're probably OK though. Isn't the recent OneNote free version only able to work with the MS syncing? Copies coming with Office packs probably aren't limited that way (corporate users wouldn't take it), but your average Joe consumers are stuck. Whatever positioning source it's using, my phone can place me within around 20 ft while it's in my closet. Not perfect, but about the same accuracy as anywhere else in my apartment. But yeah, if you're in a city with huge buildings blocking GPS signals and 50 floors of little apartments stacked on top of each other, then a rough street address may not help enough anyway. Is it really the act of moving your jaw around that helps you digest better? I would have figured that meant "You can digest food more completely when it's been mushed into tiny pieces before you swallow it," which Soylent has covered pretty well. Huh, interesting. Thanks! I think danielweber is referring to systems designed to intercept and destroy ballistic missiles, not to ballistic missiles used for defensive purposes Some people are similarly skeptical that migraines without auras are "real migraines," but once you explain that it's otherwise the same symptoms (headache, sensitivity to light/sound, nausea, vomiting) and treated by the same specialized painkillers, they'll generally take your diagnosis at face value. According to Wikipedia, a pretty sizable majority of migraine sufferers don't have auras. But it's a distinctive symptom, so it's well known. I wonder if the reaction to schizophrenia is partly due to not having as strong an understanding of how to treat it, in addition to not knowing what it's exact causes are. Having a well proven solution to a problem seems to make it easier for people to accept that the problem really existed. What's the symbol at the beginning of the title supposed to be? It looks like [OBJ][OBJ] on my computer. > Separate address and search bars is old-fashioned. As a user, I don't want to have to make this distinction, and it's hard to imagine most users-on-street wouldn't find this confusing Given the new gTLDs, I'm thankful that Firefox still has a separate search box. Say I'm want to know about the "asdfg.cat" file that showed up on my system. If I put that into the URL bar and hit enter, it's going to say "Oh, I know what .cat is, it's the TLD for Catalan related websites. Let's go to asdfg.cat!" Same goes for things like "mail.app", which had conventionally referred to Apple's mail client on OS X. I have no idea if they'll end up owning that domain or if someone else will. And either way, I didn't want to end up on the web site if I was trying to search for it. Chrome's solution is to have ctrl-K move focus to the address bar and fill in a ? at the start, but I'm not a huge fan. Same for having to type in quotes. Mainly I don't like that it buries the fact that searching is a separate action and that you can pick what you're doing. And I think it's even more of a problem for inexperienced users, because to them the program is saying "Doing this action will randomly either search or go to some webpage, and you don't understand which will happen." I also like keeping the search provider dropdown. It calls attention to the fact that you don't have to use google (and I don't). Google obviously has motives to prefer burying this in right click, but I think it fits Mozilla's agenda to leave it as a very visible setting. Homebrew is an OS X package manager. Most of Cakebrew's target market will be familiar with that, but agreed on the page not making it very clear. http://brew.sh/ The vast majority of those people had a facebook account anyway. Using Skype to push Microsoft accounts gets people to create MS accounts that they didn't have. I imagine there's a selected-by-default checkbox in that process along the lines of "Send me exciting news an announcements about Microsoft products!" Soon to be followed with "HEY BUDDY, DID YOU KNOW OFFICE 365 WORKS ON ALL YOUR DEVICES? AND IT'S 10% OFF!" Product placement is already doing that to an extent. If there were actual banner popups embedded into the video (like Youtube's but not closable) I probably wouldn't watch a movie, even if it were free. It's too damaging to the immersion. It's a j, not an i. A bit tough to tell with the underline there. I've read that Wickr is working on a desktop client, but it doesn't exist yet. The lack of password recovery could be an issue for some people. In that case, you can't use OpenSSL either because its testing clearly doesn't ensure it's secure. So, good luck with that? For a system that limits passwords to 6 letters, I bet they weren't hashing them to begin with. But maybe nchlswu fixed that. Limited to local networks or VPNs, but iChat was doing this over Bonjour almost 10 years ago. I believe iChat AV 3 had it in OS 10.4. So that's a big consumer-facing one. I always disabled it because it was weird and I frequently revise messages after I typed them out and read the whole thing. Less tech-aware people might be impressed by it as a shiny novelty, but I'm not convinced that it's better . If you want to check out their current editor, $20/month gets you access to the editor and the full C++ source for the engine. You can even cancel the subscription and keep using it if you don't need updates. I doubt it'll be included with the new UT (since that's going to be free), but it's a pretty impressive toolset. I'm assuming that you won't be able to buy things in the marketplace and bring them into other people's games. With mods in the previous UTs it's been very much that every player in a game is on exactly the same footing except for player skill. You start with the same gear, and anything else you can get is sitting around the level to be picked up by everybody. Shock combos were an especially fun one. You had to predict where someone would be and get a shock ball (probably the slowest projectile in the game) near them, then shoot the ball out of the air with a scan-hit beam to blow it up. I'm really excited to see what they're doing here. If it's like previous UTs, you don't get to bring your own mods into somebody else's game. Each game is played with a particular set of mods (set by the host), and they apply equally to everyone. I'm not sure how the community would feel about that. UT puts you in situations where your opponent is carrying around 10 different guns at once, and the split second "he just pulled out a sniper rifle" reaction can be pretty important. If they do have weapon skins carry into the game, Epic will have to be gatekeeper on approving all of them. If not, you'd have people reskinning their rocket launcher to look like it's something else, with negative gameplay effects. Perhaps we'll see two tiers of aesthetic mods? Ones that anybody can create and use in their local / self-hosted games, and others that have been approved for online play? Even if I had a bunch of CD players around, the idea of swapping between 172 discs doesn't sound great. A friend of mine was working on a cross platform OpenGL project and wanted to use some OpenGL extension that was originally proposed by a couple of people from Apple and somebody at Nvidia. You would assume that having proposed it, Apple would have implemented it. Nope. Windows only. Apple advertises their support for OpenGL 4 in Mac OS 10.9, but they're only up to 4.1. That's the version of the spec from 2010. No tessellation or compute shaders, among other things that were added in 4.2, 4.3, or 4.4. In particular, 4.3 would be a big step because of parity with OpenGL ES 3. And it only solves it for you. The rest of his friends are probably still tossing imessages into a hole if they haven't caught on. Does that work if you've wiped and resold your iPhone without disabling iMessages on it first? The impression I've gotten is that Apple will still think you're signed in even though you no longer have the phone (and can't sign out). Ah, you're right. Still, compute shaders are a pretty big deal to be missing, especially for offloading calculations like particle systems and realtime global illumination to the GPU. 10.10 announcements should be starting up in not too long, so maybe we'll see improvements. Putting it over HTTPS won't necessarily stop them. The caveat mentioned in the article is that they won't track your HTTPS web browsing. But they can still slow it to a crawl if they don't like you doing it. http://md-wysiwyg.sourceforge.net/ might fit your needs? There's a link to a demo page under the second header. It's a bit primitive, but I guess that's the point. Be sure to hit the "Return markdown text" checkbox. It's about startups and it's hosted by a VC startup accelerator. A huge number of startups fail because they aren't able to get paying customers, so yes, selling is a big topic here. Does that really not work by default? I would figure it's only an issue if you have your disk formatted as case sensitive, which is usually a bad idea because a lot of devs don't test on it. Perhaps Google doesn't want a robust blocking system because it would set off a cat-and-mouse game with the content farms continuously evolving to evade blocking? As they are, the content farms are annoying, but they're a relatively stable entity. It would get harder for Google to crawl new content on the internet because they'd be filtering through progressively more clever and aggressive farms to find real pages. I'm sure is already the case, but aggressive blocking would provoke farms into getting worse. Yahoo Weather is popular one (and an Apple Design Award winner). There's a pretty big set, most of which I've never tried. From a quick search: Yahoo, Mail, News Digest, Finance, Messenger, Weather, Sports, Fantasy Sports, Cricket, and Screen. Then there's the Yahoo owned services like Flickr, if you want to count them. Edit : I just installed Yahoo Weather, and it's great. It uses photos to represent weather conditions at each of your saved locations, which are all pulled from Flickr. I doubt it has photos specific to every weather condition in every location, but I got them for all the locations I tried. And the animation in the interface (parallax scrolling between locations, spinning windmills for windspeed, and maybe more I didn't notice) is smooth and well done. Pulling up a weather app and seeing a local landmark with a cloudy sky in the background is a really neat user experience, so props to Yahoo on successfully integrating Flickr with this. I like it a lot. Which only works until your VPN provider also refuses to pay up and gets put in the slow lane for having too much traffic. Any idea why Apple has it set up that way? I don't spend much time in the terminal, but case sensitive auto-complete just doesn't sound helpful. But how often do you not turn your PC on for a month? That's much more common with consoles. Steam is running all the time when my computer is on (and I use my computer every day), and games just keep themselves up to date. For a given game that I'm trying to play, there's maybe a 15 minute period every couple of months when I wouldn't be able to launch it immediately. The Windows updates aren't required in order to play games, and they can just be delayed until the next time you're restarting. Not a huge deal there. Existing discussion here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7773024 Aren't many patent troll lawsuits filed through shell corporations with few/no assets of their own? In situations like that, what ability do you have to collect attorneys' fees? The MBA just updated a few weeks ago. Admittedly, the Surface Pro 3 isn't shipping for a month, but I think it'll more than a week and a half before the next Air revision. It may be data, but it is not a statistically significant amount of data. And there's an awful lot of selection bias in product complaints. From wikipedia: Contrary to the belief of many, "npm" is not in fact an abbreviation for "Node Package Manager." It is a recursive bacronymic abbreviation for "npm is not an acronym." (If it was "ninaa", then it would be an acronym, and thus incorrectly named.) So the author named it npm for node package manager, then wanted to sound clever so he said it doesn't stand for that? He could just as easily called it "aslkdjghasjklg" and said it's an abbreviated version of "aslkdjghasjklg is not an acronym. And that would still be dumb. It's like inventing a device to produce collimated beams of light, and then naming it "laser" for "laser is not an acronym" when everyone knows what it actually means. Crashes aren't new. OS X has had them for a long time, they're just less common than some other operating systems. The question is whether you can go from "2 or 3 friends of mine said they have more crashes than before" to "10.9.3 is more prone to crashing than 10.9.2." For all we know, the entire sample is using some 3rd party utility that crashes under the new update, which is bad, but is also not something you can completely blame Apple for. Wikipedia is not really a place for satire. I've never met anyone who pronounces it that way; we all use a hard g like "graphics." I'm curious if this differs regionally like most pronunciations, or if it's spread in different patterns because it's mainly said online. Out of curiosity, what do you do with your IRC bots? I know HipChat can have bots, so I'd assume some similar functionality is possible. But Hipchat doesn't have decades of community developed bots, so IRC has a long head start. iOS users do switch to Android. You don't see it all the time because users (in the US at least) are stuck in 2 year contracts and phones are an expensive purchase. But they do. Does Honda have a "local monopoly" on sedans because Civic drivers don't usually switch to a Kia Forte overnight? Beats has a well known brand, and their headphones business is doing pretty well for itself. It's in a whole different league from the usual "buy a startup with a tiny market share and shut down their operations to repurpose the engineers six months later" acquihire. I'd use www.bounce.ninja instead. People strongly associate www with websites, and it looks nicer too. Set it up to forward to bounce.ninja and people might catch on to the new TLDs in a decade or two. To quote HBO's Silicon Valley: “Hooli is making the world a better place through minimal messaging transport layers.” This is a great inspiration to actually get out and do something. Dell's UP2414Q was on sale for $765 a couple of times this month. It's a smaller screen, but has really great color. Details from Tom's Hardware: http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/dell-up2414q-monitor-rev... http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:oKkIlJG... Depends on the cubicles. They used to be 78" high, but low panel heights are much more popular now. 42" panels don't afford much privacy. The revocation fee that everyone had to pay after heartbleed could be described as bullshit. On the other hand, 360 controllers have gotten cheaper if you just stick with those. Does the XB One controller add much? Sadly, that research didn't pan out. One paper has been retracted and the other likely will be. I haven't followed it closely, but I understand there were some significant issues with edited images and results not being reproducible. http://blogs.nature.com/news/2014/06/last-remaining-support-... Automator even has the same "record" functionality for repeating tasks in a UI[1]. The direct Automator actions like "scale image" are cleaner when they exist, but including Automator actions with 3rd party applications didn't catch on as much as it could have. Some apps have them (Pixelmator comes to mind), but for the most part it doesn't have the support that AppleScript used to. It's a bit sad that we now have easier automation (via IFTT) in a huge pile of webapps than many native programs where it hasn't improved in the last 10-20 years. [1] http://www.macosxautomation.com/automator/features/virtual-u... Windows key and type 'control' applies on Windows 7 as well. When the start menu opens, the search box has focus. It's really annoying when you're trying to take screenshots too. That's one of the big reason I like Win8's theme over Aero. Thankfully OS X's "press space to capture a window" has done a good job at just putting things on a white background. I'm hoping that the translucency in 10.10 works the same way, but if anybody's got the beta I'd love a confirmation! There are very different degrees of fragmentation. An iPhone 3gs is 5 years old (launched in June 2009) and supported the newest version of iOS for more than 4 years (until iOS 7 launched in September 2013). Contrast that with Google's Nexus One, which kicked off their Nexus program of well supported phones. It launched in March 2010 with Android 2.1, and got its last update to Android 2.3.6 in September 2011. So for the iPhone: 4 years of support, and that's a typical experience. For Android: 1.5 years of support, and that's on a good example with support managed directly by Google as part of their "look we can do long term support" program. On the backend maybe. Client side you're basically stuck with JavaScript and things that can be converted to JavaScript. On the other hand, the N-trig stylus works accurately at the edge of the screen. You can't say the same about Wacom's, and the issue is made worse by the fact that most desktop software puts toolbars full of tiny mouse targets around the edge of the screen. With their Bamboo/Intuos/Cintiq products, Wacom can avoid the accuracy falloff problems by including an enormous margin around the edge of the active area. On a portable device like the Surface Pro 2, they weren't able to do that and it showed. There are certainly tradeoffs in going to N-trig, but I don't think it's fair to portray it as inferior to Wacom's tech in every area but cost. Website is having some stylesheet trouble for me, but Surface Pro Artist says they have a decent handle on the driver compatibility. The update isn't generally released yet, but it's a significant fix. http://surfaceproartist.com/blog/2014/6/9/n-trig-closing-win... If you used megapixels it wouldn't be any worse than camera sensors. I'm honestly surprised this hasn't been done as an alternative to VGA, SVGA, DVGA, WSVGA, XGA, WXGA, SXGA, WSXGA, UXGA, WUXHA, WQSXGA, WXUSXGA, qHD, HD, FHD, QHD, UHD, FUHD, etc. (several resolutions omitted) A number of megapixels and an aspect ratio would give all the information you need, while boiling it down to easily comparable numbers. As mentioned in the article, that works if you can identify every spammy link. Without a penalty, you can make a million spammy links, let the filter catch 95% of them, and reap the benefits from the ones that get past. That system isn't exploitable to sabotage another site's rank, but it also doesn't work at preventing link farms (as evidenced by most Google results before the recent change). Definitely, I was just talking in terms of resolution. Megapixels and aspect ratio gives you the same information as width and height (in pixels). 1.05 megapixels vs 2.07 megapixels is a much more obvious comparison to most consumers than 1366x768 vs 1920x1080. One has twice as many pixels as the other. Switching to that system could even make a few more people realize that a small number of pixels with a huge screen size isn't a great idea. IMO most consumers just see "1366x768" and think "Oh those are big numbers it must be fine." The new thing going on is that Apple is letting you detect the size of a touch on the screen, which lets you approximate pressure by how smushed the tip is. Still going to be less accurate than a Wacom or similar stylus, but it's an improvement over being less accurate and not having pressure sensitivity. How about Wickr? https://www.mywickr.com/ Hell, the article's subtitle doesn't start it off any better: The tech boom in Seattle is bringing in droves of successful, straight single guys. And as any woman will tell you: You don't want to date any of them. Or to paraphrase, I am the arbiter of all dating preferences, and anyone who works at Amazon is terrible and undatable. My opinion is a fact and all women agree with it. Normally I'd write that off as an attention-grabbing opener, but the rest of the article is about as nuanced. I'd bet a large pile of money on Seattle having plenty of people who are thrilled to the crowds of single programmer-types moving into the city. Not necessarily. Most people are going have the headset hooked up at a desk because that's where the computer lives, so you'd need a really big field of view to see hands while seated up close to the desk. My webcam sees my face reliably, but it definitely doesn't see my hands. Additionally, controllers that you wave around don't do well with blindness to your surroundings. If they make a controller I'd expect it to be more similar to Razer's Hydra, though hopefully cheaper. It's helpful to have dates on things that aren't "news". If (for example) a doom-like game had become extremely popular in 2012, the [2010] tag would give readers more context so they know why it's not mentioned. Chrome does the blank square as well, but it works in Firefox and IE. (win7) I tend to agree. Apple played with a lot of different colors and patterns back on the old iMacs and iBooks. Then they moved to all white, silver, and black. I doubt Apple needs the help here, Tim Cook knows a few things about managing a supply chain, and if Apple had wanted to offer the iPhone 5C in 60 colors they could have. They chose not to. Light switches don't need to be wired either, we've just been doing them that way because it's the obvious thing when you're just turning a 120v circuit on and off. When your lightbulbs become smart devices, they no longer want to be on an on/off circuit. In fact, it doesn't even matter if a group of them is on the same circuit or not. You just need a switch to talk to them wirelessly over Thread, ZigBee, Enocean, or similar. At that point, you don't have to run the circuits to your light switches either. Enocean's switches are all powered by kinetic energy, but if you don't mind replacing all of your batteries every few years, that can work too. That's true if your switches are talking to a 20A relay and flipping the circuit on and off. If all you have is a switch sending a radio signal to a lightbulb, then you no longer have a controller that needs to be accessible. Just the switches and various "internet of things" devices that are always plugged into always-on line power. That's what Thread is for. The one thing I wonder about is replacing lightbulbs when they fail. It's a good safety practice to kill the circuit when you're doing it, and without a hardwired switch you'll have to do that at the breaker now. On the other hand, if you're buying fancy wireless LED bulbs, they'd damn well better last longer than an incandescent A19. On the one hand, it'd be great if I could remotely double check that I turned off the stove and locked my front door. On the other, if you can remotely control these devices then I have to wonder about the security implications. Track records for most wireless device companies have not been good, and I don't want someone burning down my house. Maybe the plan here is to get everyone on a single standard that shoves good security practices down their throats? But you still have to rely on them implementing it correctly. I mention Zigbee there because it's what Philips' hue lights use. Maybe it's overkill, but it seems to work pretty well for them. Short version: because "palantír" was taken To elaborate, monotonicity means that a value is either always increasing or always decreasing, and never changes direction. If a program is built on the assumption that time always goes forward, it may not like you setting the clock back 0.000000001sec every hour. Steam did used to be based on IE's rendering engine (Trident) [1]. It moved to WebKit with the big UI redo a few years ago, but it certainly doesn't feel like a recent version. This seems like a problem with Valve's "No management, work on what you want to" [2] strategy. Maintaining (not to mention continually improving) a piece of software like the Steam client takes a lot of work, and it doesn't look like there aren't enough people at Valve doing it. There are new features like family sharing, big picture, and home streaming, but there's next to no progress on the slow bloated client that's constantly getting in my way. I've bought a couple of things from GoG and I'll buy more as the catalog grows. I hope they eat Steam's lunch. [1] http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=86186... [2] http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-24205497 Very true, a lot of software with time limited trials or features like "check out a network license for 30 days of offline use" used to be easy to bypass by turning your clock back so that it never expired. This is pretty widely fixed now, but often overzealously. Clock changed unexpectedly? User is a dirty pirate and the license should deactivate. What carrier is your $22 pseudo-unlimited data though? I'm looking at some alternatives and T-Mobile's $30 unlimited seems like a decent bet. But $22 for pseudo-unlimited would still be a step up from AT&T's 300 MB plan that I'm on. Same here, I'm assuming that's what the name is borrowed from. Not only that, NPR's shows are available in other ways on standard protocols. I listen to a couple of shows regularly through my phone's built in podcast client. They're adding a new way to access their media because it does things that the generic clients can't. That doesn't mean the other distribution channels are going away. Driverless cars are a risky unproven technology, and done wrong could easily kill people. It'd be like taking "FDA approves new drug for human testing" and making the headline "FDA to allow human use of new untested drug." Both are technically true, but the latter makes it sound like a widespread thing being done regardless of poorly understood risks. And that's misleading, since it's being done in very limited scope to help us understand and reduce those risks. More frequent stopping and starting would actually be an advantage here. If you're driving a long route between bus stops and don't brake frequently, you're only taking energy out of the flywheel when you initially get up to speed, and you're only putting it back in when you stop at the end. Regenerative braking is a lot more valuable in stop and go traffic. Every time you accelerate out of a stop light you're burning less fuel. So you did, I must have misread your comment before. I'm a 1password user, but I'll definitely be checking this out. Having recently switched to Windows, I'm liking it a lot less. To put it charitably, their Windows version is not quite as nice as the Mac and iOS releases. It's a sunk cost at this point, but owning 1password on 3 platforms is expensive . $70 for my laptop and desktop, and another $18 for my phone. But I bought into it because the Mac version is great and I was primarily a Mac user at the time. Oh well. Honestly, it's going great. I've been a Mac user pretty much forever (the first home computer I used was running System 7), but now I'm on a Surface Pro 3 with Windows 8. It's a fantastic computer. The last thing that made me think "Oh shit I'm living in the future" this much was my first iPod Touch. I'd been dual-booting OS X / Windows on my desktop already because Apple's GPU drivers are garbage, so it wasn't a huge step. Dropping OS X completely was mostly based on being a game dev hobbyist who's doing a lot of 3D work and digital painting. OS X had turned into a web browsing and email platform for me, and I can do that just as well elsewhere. The experience with 1password is far from unusual though; Windows doesn't have a lot of developers making software of any quality. For every Mac program I try to find a substitute for, Windows has 30 different options that are all equally bad (looking at you, IRC clients that aren't Colloquy). So if you rely on a lot of little 3rd party software, it's not a good ecosystem. But if all you need is Firefox, blender, Unreal Engine, and Substance Designer, it's not a problem. And that's not even mentioning the price of a Mac with an upgradable GPU. I could do yearly GPU upgrades on my desktop and still be cheaper than a baseline Mac Pro. I remember seeing a significant software update a couple of months ago, which was supposed to be a big upgrade to hand tracking. Have you tried it after that? I don't work in a lab, but I assume you'd pour it into a cup/beaker and drink out of that Or if you do use Skype, use the Metro version, which finfisher allegedly can't eavesdrop on. Original source was on Dropbox and is overloaded, but here's a link on Slashdot: http://beta.slashdot.org/story/205507 My hometown had one of those "cross-traffic" lights a few blocks from my house at an intersection that I had to cross to reach one of the major bike paths. Naturally, it didn't register bikes. So if you wanted the light to ever change, you had to cross over to the left side of the street, go up on the sidewalk, and push the pedestrian button (no crosswalk on the right side of the intersection). Not much of a fan. I'm not saying they're always bad, but they're not always good either. Maybe newer ones have improved on detection, but my understanding was that the sensor was induction based and required a big chunk of metal in order to spot you. I haven't seen any indication that FinFisher is using deliberate backdoors from MS; from the article it sounds like it's just installing your typical spyware via exploits in things like PDF and XLS files. But as wslh points out, the assertion that metro's sandbox makes things more secure isn't accurate. I can't get to the dropbox page either, so I'm not sure whether it's saying "FinFisher isn't able to eavesdrop on metro for technical reasons" or "FinFisher can't eavesdrop on metro because they haven't implemented that yet." Either way, isn't this a separate issue from any surveillance access Microsoft is providing? One is local spyware grabbing your communications on your computer, and the other Microsoft grabbing the data as it goes through the Skype servers. I know Microsoft has that capability for text chats [1], and I assume it's the same deal for audio streams. Making the Skype client less vulnerable is no more closing law enforcement access than if Apple they fixed a vulnerability in Mail.app while continuing to hand out your iCloud emails to law enforcement agencies. [1] http://arstechnica.com/security/2013/05/think-your-skype-mes... A possibly effective option would be sweeping the beam around and having the phone report when it hits. That should be easier than trying to accurately locate the phone first so that you can aim a beam at it. If you can also make a reasonable initial guess of it's location (to within a few degrees) you could narrow down the guess and check search area considerably. The noise I've heard about FinFisher has been less about its use in Western countries, and more about Gamma selling it to oppressive regimes that use it against protestors. If your goal is to keep your calls away from Egypt's State Security Investigations Service, by all means use metro Skype. If you're trying to hide from a country with law enforcement access to Skype's backend, then don't. But I don't see what the latter has to do with FinFisher. As far as recording things from the mic outside of Skype, if FinFisher does that you're probably toast regardless. I haven't dug into the technical details, but I've seen it mentioned that it can deliver arbitrary payloads. Someone who reads through the doc dump will hopefully be able to confirm what exactly they've been doing with it. I was never able to, but I didn't do a careful search for it. If only every city used that same bike icon to show you where the sensor is. Is it only a question of whether the monkey had creative agency in taking the photo? I'm not a lawyer, but it seems possible to say that neither the human nor monkey did. If there were no monkey involved and the picture were taken on my camera by pure chance, can I still claim copyright on it as a photographer? Say I set the camera down, walk away, and a bug in the firmware causes it to start shooting pictures. Or maybe a rock falls from a nearby cliff and just happens to bounce off the shutter button. Is there a precedent for copyright in those instances? Off topic, but "an industrial computer the size of a couple of cigarette cartons" seems like an awfully strange comparison to make. Surely I'm not the only one who has no idea what size boxes are used for cases of cigarettes? I know how big a pack is, but I'd have to look up how many packs make up a carton. Why not something more universal like shoe boxes? Doesn't look intentional. I've gotten drastically different street name coverage for the same area at the same zoom level depending on whether I got there by panning or zooming. And neither one includes names for the whole screen. Still a few kinks to work out? http://i.imgur.com/DNBt4AM.png It feels like the text pops in and out as large zones, and the zones are unloading themselves before the whole zone is offscreen, sometimes leaving large areas blank. For reference, the upper image was produced by panning. The area on the right had been showing text, but it vanished as it got near the edge of the screen. I'm running Firefox 32 Beta on Windows 8.1 with DPI scaling, in case that helps narrow it down. Tried to test it, but I don't think I can get FF to stop scaling without logging out and back in; quitting and rerunning it with the disable scaling box checked doesn't work. That's normally the first thing I look at for graphical glitches on here, though I have no idea how it affects WebGL. Great job with this! Coming from Google Maps and similar, the smooth motion is mesmerizing, especially labels staying level as you rotate. And tile loading/pop-in is much quicker than what I get from Google. If you only use one image how will your navbar have JavaScript hover substitutions?! If the name doesn't ring a bell, DigiNotar was a CA whose root certificates were used to sign some bad things, like certs for . .com, . .org, addons.mozilla.org, sis.gov.uk, Skype, Facebook, Twitter, and Windows Update. (Should be asterisks in there, how do you make HN display them instead of doing formatting?) All of their certificates were blacklisted by major browsers and OSes, causing security warnings on all of the legitimate websites using DigiNotar certificates. Since he was clearly avoiding saying who it was, I think he probably doesn't want to say who it was. He's not talking about wifi's association to microwaves, he's talking about microwaves' association to microwave ovens, and the implication that anything else using microwaves will have a similar effect. The electrons flowing through a AA battery are literally the same thing you get out of a 240V appliance outlet, but nobody worries about zapping themselves to death just because the battery makes an electric current. I can't speak for everyone, but you're probably getting downvoted for being so condescending. I don't think it's specific to HN, no. People have always been optimistic about their own products. You pour a big chunk of your life into something, and it's tough to imagine it failing, even if you know the competition has a leg up on you in some respects. One example that comes to mind is from Panic, makers of Audion, a shareware MP3 player that was killed by iTunes. From a conversation with Steve Jobs after iTunes was introduced at MacWorld Expo 2001: "Well, Steve, I really think it'll still find an audience. We've got a lot of higher-end features that you guys probably won't ever add." [1] That from someone going up against a free program that would be preinstalled on every single potential customer's computer. I can't speak from much experience, but I imagine that most people have trouble seeing the markets around their own software/customers 100% clearly. So I wouldn't be too quick to blame it on the startup echo chamber of people wanting to keep image positive for VC fundraising. Nor do I think there's much anyone can do to change it. When people talk about their own products and how they stack up against the competition, you just have to take everything with a grain of salt and form your own opinions. [1] The Audion Story, it's a good read https://www.panic.com/extras/audionstory/ It says they're moving to a faster release cycle, so maybe you won't have to wait too long. It'd be cool with a laptop, but it'll require an extra 20 watts (typical for a ~22" screen) to be sized into the laptop's power brick. Since laptops have pretty predictable power characteristics, the manufacturers don't necessarily give you that much extra. Would we upsize everybody's power cord on the off chance that 1% of people would use it? Or does "bigger power brick" become another configurable option, and users have to decide in advance if they'll want display powering capabilities? Neither one's a good option, in my opinion. More likely we'd end up with a separate class of monitor, something limited in size and with a lower maximum power draw. At which point I'd rather just deal with the power cord and get a real screen for my desk. But frequent travelers who want an accessory screen would love it. If you have an easier time visualizing diameters, that's 3.02" for the can and 3.34" for the jar. Google used to ignore the spammy SEO links, but you can work around that by just spamming even more of them and hoping that the 1% that slip by will have a positive effect. As a result of that, Google changed their ranking system so that the spam links that do get caught have a negative effect on your rank. Which sounds like a good solution, but they have no way of confirming whether the site owner made the links or not. So now we have blackmail like this. I assume Google is aware of this issue and has a system in place to try and prevent it, but good luck getting support if it screws up and your site falls through the cracks. I read it as "we" being everyone working on the badge problem instead of his group specifically The image1.png file included by Excel is definitely an image that the author used in the spreadsheet, not a piece of cruft. Since he provides a copy of the xslx file, it's trivial to check: http://i.imgur.com/j1A5vvC.png It doesn't interact well with any scrolling They do have a business pertinent to those patents! Just not to the inventions covered by said patents... Are they exportable for 15 years from now when Zest disappears? I'm curious how much exposed wall was included in those pictures. Graffiti is vastly more common on brick and concrete surfaces, which 99% of the tie are red, yellow, cream, or gray. Regardless of what color the graffiti is, if there's a lot of backdrop behind it I'm not at all surprised that it'd average to orange. Pick something else like "pictures of forests" instead of "pictures of graffiti" and suddenly your average stops being orange because you're not taking photos of buildings anymore. Strange design choice on Apple's part. Having not read the documentation, my expectation would be that native buttons don't require a confirmation, but links coming from a webview do. It would have to provide an option to suppress the popups in use-cases where the developer is building their app in a webview, but if you're already jumping through all of the hoops for that sort of cross platform development, one more configuration to set isn't a big deal. I'd blame Apple just as much as the devs. They made a choice to be insecure by default in a situation when a majority of developers are going to assume it functions like the rest of the OS does. Web views in any app ought to behave like Safari by default. I haven't read it myself, but it's worth pointing out that research has claimed that there already are some humans with four types of cones. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tetrachromacy#Possibility_of_h... I was just discussing the screen size rumors with an iPhone 5 user yesterday, and you're spot on with the complaints about it being too big. On his 3g (or maybe 3gs?) you could hold it one handed and reliably reach the whole screen with your thumb. One the iPhone 5's larger screen that's no longer true. Apple's certainly aware of this problem, so even if they launch a bigger screened version I can't imagine they'll dropping the form factor of the 5s any time soon. But I'm curious to see how they'll market it. Limiting iPhones to a single size has always let them control the touchscreen experience, but they'll have a lot of people buying phones with a worse experience because they don't think about the downsides of a larger screen. Apple's always made it their business to make as many design decisions as possible for their users, and it's worked out well for their OSes and devices. I'm betting some people there aren't happy about giving this one up. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intelsat_708 comes to mind as an example of when you'd want a failed launch to self-destruct. It went off course and landed in a village. I especially want that for scheduling of recipes. Right now they run all the time, but there are definitely things I only want to run at specific times on specific days. For instance: "If it's 7:00 AM [AND] it's a weekday [AND] the forecast is rain [THEN] Tell me to bring an umbrella" would be much more useful to me than getting notifications every time it's going to rain. As it stands now with a single condition, I don't can't come up with much I want to do with IFTTT. I assume that your rates go up as you age and get more likely to die. In your 20's it's only covering improbably illnesses and events like car accidents. But nobody's going to extend those same rates to you once you're 85 and already had two heart attacks. Why's that? At least within the US I can easily port a number between providers. But if I want to stop using Gmail and switch to Yahoo, I'm screwed. All of my accounts use the gmail address for my login, and most have no visible mechanism for changing it. I don't change my phone number because it's easy to keep it. I don't change my email because the address is tied to a specific provider and getting everyone to switch to using my new one may be impossible. When my credit card expired recently I received a chip and sig replacement without requesting it. They're definitely starting to be offered by default. Eh, I think it's a point worth making. Nobody's forcing you to pay $10 for a song any more than Apple's forcing to spend $3000 on a spare Mac Pro enclosure to use as a desktop trashcan. Just as Apple can choose to sell parts of albums but not parts of computers, other companies are perfectly welcome to only sell whole albums. There are other nice songs/trashcans available in other stores under different terms, if that's a priority.