The problem is not only the existence of such Apps on the store but that they rank so high. Google should know how to give good apps a prominent spot and rank scam apps low. That would solve many problems without censoring or banning anything. Same here. I used to do a lot of Python programming, but moved to Ruby because of Rails. When I had to work on a machine learning paper, I spent weeks looking for a equivalent to NumPy or Matplotlib in the Ruby world, but nothing comes even close! I did this a few weeks ago and tried to use it form a fairly old MacBook. I intended to use RubyMine which had a few minor issues while scrolling. What kille dit for me however was that all short keys would go to my local machine. Since using RubyMine lives from extensive short key usage this setup wasn't an option for me. The nice thing however is that you can also stop your instance and only pay as you go. An achievement system for Pivotal Tracker jumps immediately into my mind. I want achievements for consistent velocity, low number of bugs, PM's who regularly go in and accept stories, etc... Not having any experience with contracts like this, I wonder how this relates to testing. Is this thought to be an addition or an alternative to usual xUnit style and integration tests. Or are these concepts not even related and I am getting it all wrong? I am sure the clock would get all the energy it needs if it were to use Soilent Green instead of flies. If every car is driven sutomatically, cars can be driven much more efficiently, since there won't be any need for stop signs or traffic lights in the current form. Cars can just coordinate that one car slows down a little and one car speeds up a little. The only reasonfor card to stop will be pedestrians. Of course I assume that there will be only driverless cars. I am fairly sure that human driven cars will be illegal in less than 20 years. Most accidents will be caused by human driven cats which will lead to a ban. I also predict that the US will be one of the last western countries to ban human driven cars The author points that SFO is not using the TSA. Having used SFO often, I have to say that I sadly would have never guessed that. So I think not using TSA is not going to be a competitive advantage, as long as the private companies are indistinguishable from TSA. Actually, if everything is just the same anyway, I'd rather them do it instead some random private company who is in it for the cash. Nothing makes me more upset than corrupt cops. Obviously the off-duty cops got away with speeding because cops don't give tickets to other cops. That's the real scandal. Corrupt cops undermine the entire legal system, which is much worse than anything any terrorist could ever hope to achieve. They should be treated accordingly! Exactly! My point is that real scandal for me is that apparently most cops won't give other cops a speeding ticket, which enabled the speeding and killing of 20 people in the first place. Yes I am. (-; I like it that for me beer o'clock coincides with the morning standup! It would be very interesting to see the door. Anything I can think off would easier break the structure of the dome or be awkward. What makes this comparison not applicable is that the interviewed intern said that they were really just adding warm bodies. I am sure Mayer added far more than that. I am afraid that password managers like 1Password will get caught in this. I always use it not only to remember my password, but also to fill in sign up forms with my data. I am sure it would fall for the honeypot and it would be very hard for me to find out what went wrong. I am sure the experience would be incredibly frustrating. It would be very exciting to normalize the Github user numbers by the population in the area they map to. Right now especially in Europe it seems to pretty much seems to map to population numbers of cities. The issue is not the complexity of the taxation system, but the fact that only the US and Somalia tax based on citizenship. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Individual_taxation_system... That's a problem, but it doesn't have anything to do with citizenship. Rather with residency vs. place of work. It's a problem every European country faces (work in France, live in Germany for example) and still none of them motivate their citizens to abandon their citizenship when they live abroad. I am a German living in the US and I have no downside of being a German citizen. As a green card holder the only thing that I cannot do is vote. It would be nice to become a US citizen one day, but given the huge downside of the tax burden if I ever decide to ant to live somewhere else for a while is a big deterrent for me. It's more like using a very good screw driver instead of a swiss army knife that does an OK job at everything. Yes there is no rule that one tool has to work for everything, but there is a rule in Agile that you should push off making assumptions about the future as far as possible, because you will never know less than right now There was actually a pretty good article about the Denisova human in one of the recent National Geographics. One of the researchers mentioned in the article made a similar point, that for him the most likely indication of the Desnisova find is that we currently are separating into sub-species where there aren't any and that what we are finding are differences between individuals and not new sub-species. I wonder when/if that will be the established view and some of these species will be consolidated. I would be rather surprised if MS used PHP and not ASP I am very shocked to hear this. He was one of the greatest actors of our time. In addition I find the controller to be one of the worst parts of Rails. The input comes in form of some magical methods that are available (params, request) and the output happens partially by setting instance variables and partially by calling render. How could anyone ever think that's a good idea? I don't understand why he has to equal TDD with the mockist approach to TDD without clarifying he is talking about the mockist approach and not TDD in general. Pivotal Labs for example is obviously a huge proponent of TDD, but has been historically been opposed to hesitant towards true, isolated, heavily stubbed and mocked unit tests. That makes me wonder if he just doesn't have a differentiated enough view of TDD or if he omitted that on purpose to get more attention. I am also not sure which answer is would be more disappointing. Don't get me wrong, I am pretty happy with Rails in general. I just think that the way controllers are implemented seems just totally random. Another, possibly worth, part are lifecycle callbacks on AR models. Those are just a huge invitation for confusion and trouble down the road. The dungeon situation is worse than that. I actually was very unhappy with Windwaker at the time because it was too easy. I loved the sword fights against the knights towards the end, but there were only a handful of those. So I already was upset about that. However, than I read that Miyamoto had said that the two dungeons had already been completed, but they were too hard and the game got too long and he wanted everyone to finish the game. I can not overstate how I upset I was when I read that. Having grown up in Germany and now living in he US since many years gives me an interesting perspective on this. I am used to an environment that's filled with history like this. I remodeled a 300+ year old house! I find that everything being new in the US makes you feel like you can truly change the world and accomplish anything you want. Being in Europe where most buildings have been around since forever makes you feel small and I find it comforting in a way to have my life put into perspective like that. Iceland had a even stronger impact on me that way because it was so obvious that the land itself had recently (in geological terms) been created and can destroy whatever you do as a human or at least make it all insignificant. I found that calming There was a great episode on radiolab about this: http://www.radiolab.org/story/317421-blame/ On segment of the show is about a man whose self control is impacted due to some mental disorder. The question is: Should he be treated more leniently because it's not his fault, but his brain's? The conclusion, that I have to agree with is: Of course not! You ARE your brain. The Internet is a crucial part of our infrastructure and a important backbone of our economy. If there is any indication that someone like Verizon in this case is tempering with it intentionally, they should be charged with terrorism. This is no different than someone going out and sabotaging Hoover damn on purpose. In fact it's worth! I also never understand why it's seen as so important that real estate prices go up. Statements like "Chinese-based parents who are funding their children's purchases are helping the Irish property recovery." from the article always baffle me. Isn't it great if real estate is cheap? It means people can afford to live there and spend there money on other things and keep the economy going that way. I certainly prefer that over what's going on in SF. I understand that often times people will take out mortgages against there houses if the price goes up and that way money goes back into the economy. But in my opinion that's not real money and will only lead to another 2008. >Real estate prices rising means that the people are getting more wealthy. When real estate prices fall, it means that people are most likely getting less wealthy. That uses real estate prices as an indicator for how the economy is doing. However, it doesn't mean the economy gets better because real estate prices are up. This almost reminds me of the backyard furnaces during the great leap forward. Metal output was seen as a indicator of good industry and so Mao had everyone melt perfectly good pots and pans and other stuff to improve the indicator. However, most of the metal was useless and the pots and pans were gone. What the article described sounds similar to me. Housing prices are way up, economy indicator looks great, but people are living on the street. > What you're describing here is called "re-financing", it's a perfectly normal means of borrowing money against your house if you have enough collateral. I've never heard of people doing it so that money goes back into the economy, it's usually to re-invest money into your house like for construction or whatever, and your monthly payment just increases. So the money does go back into the economy. Also: Not all re-financing results in a larger mortgage than before. Some people re-finance to get lower interest rates on the same or smaller principal. The difference between Google stock and a house (if you only have one) is that you need the house, but I have not practical value for Google stock other than it's monetary value. If I sell my house I need to buy another one or rent. So I am happy if my house's value goes up, but only if it's relative to other houses in areas I would be interested to move to, because it would open the option to swap it out for another one that's better or in a location I would prefer. So if real estate prices go up everywhere that wins me nothing. I am rich, but only on paper. Housing being relatively cheap also allows for people with low capital to try out business ideas that they couldn't elsewhere. Berlin in the early 2000s was filled with awesome little shops, restaurants and cafes that would have been impossible in any other comparable city. One of the big reasons was the cheap real estate. Too bad. I hope those will stop linking to Spanish news outlets (especially those who pushed for this) regardless. A few days of that and the law is history. My community might get Google Fiber soon. I still am pretty excited about that, but the more I read about community fiber, the more torn I feel. What does that do? CronWTF doesn't understand it either and that one even has a cat! They didn't mind when they drugged up people in SF as part of MKUltra. I am of the opinion that nothing is worse for a society than corrupt law enforcement of any kind. I am generally against death penalty, but think it should be applied for even minor breaches by law enforcement. If we cannot trust the people who are supposed to keep us save the entire system is broken. Agreed. I would love a 15" tablet for watching movies in bed. I was waiting for over half a year for the next shield and am very disappointed it's a tablet. I liked the original shield because it allows to stream PC games throughout my house, so that I can play them on my couch or in bed. The other awesome thing is playing emulators on the go. With the tablet I can't do any of those properly, because the controller is not built in and I need to have a place to set up the tablet. So I can't play it on the train or anywhere in my house excepts my desk or my dining room table. If you already have a tablet (or 2 in my case) and wanted this as a gaming device, then that's a bummer. It's too bad. Everything that targets hardcore gamers fails. would be nice if it wasn't power cord bound. Having moved to the US from Germany, it always stroked me as particularly dangerous that it is common to overtake cars on the right and have slow cars and fast cars in any lane. The article mentions that different speeds are dangerous. I think enforcing cars sorting themselves properly into the right lane would make a huge difference in reducing accidents and allowing traffic to o faster. I wish law enforcement could focus on that instead of giving tickets to people who go 5mph/h faster than most other cars. I agree completely that traffic engineering is much better in Germany and makes a huge difference. Roads are better sign posted, on ramps are very generous. As I mentioned elsewhere in Germany you are also not allowed to overtake on the right on the Autobahn. So there is a huge push for slow drivers to stay on the right and cars are nicely sorted by speed. Therefore you need to relatively rarely change lanes whereas in the US people will constantly change lanes on freeways especially in busy places like LA. That not only leads to higher risks and makes driving more aggravating, but also slows everyone down. It happens quite frequently here that I will be on a 3 lane freeway and there are three slow cars next to each other. That would be unthinkable. I believe that this allows the German Autobahn to serve more cars than freeways in the US while having in average fewer lanes. I always have this metaphor in my head where I think of it similarly to a Ethernet cable that can now submit more data because the protocol allows for fewer collisions etc. It depends on the Autobahn. I strongly felt what you described on pretty much any Autobahn around cologne where there always was a lot traffic and many on and off ramps. However, my ride usually would take me from there onto the 44(?) towards Paderborn and there was no speed limit and it was a joy even in an old Golf 2. There were very few on and off ramps and moderate traffic. My car would be able to speed up to ~220km/h over the course of several minutes, but it was so worth it. Every time I go to a theater and I cannot drink alcohol in the auditorium because children happen to be allowed in the movie or something like this happens I start dreaming of child-free zones, where I can walk around with a bottle of beer while playing with Bucky Balls and look at nipples. At least the prohibition of magnetic balls at least actually protects children from something that can do actual harm to them unlike seeing adults drink in moderation or seeing exposed body parts. Taxi companies also would need to work on their quality issues. I've had too many taxis in SF and suburban Portland that were filthy and run down and had incompetent drivers. Never happened with Uber. EDIT: I think that there just is almost no incentive for taxi companies to improve on anything because they have had a quasi monopoly in a market that is completely underserved. When you needed a cap pre-Uber in SF, you were happy to get any cap at all. That all comes down to taxi medallions. "And I had argued for it a long time. I wrote so many of these multi-page emails about how important it was. But once we had it so people could see and see that it really does work, then Samsung went and wrote a proper interface for it." Wow, I really have to admire his patience. While reading this I was even thinking "They are arguing with John Carmack about what he needs to get the graphics right? Who do they think they are?!" and I am not him. I would never have the patience for this. That must be like my grandma arguing with me about programming. I've been dreaming of this art project where I put up tables in the Mission and hire a bunch of Task Rabbits to manually mine Bitcoins while they eat food delivered by ZeroCater Tuition in Germany was limited to 300 Euro/ semester anyways. That never really paid for the education fully. In Germany you can in theory study anything you want if you have a high school/Gymnasium degree. However, places are limited and they are given out based on your GPA. Every semester you wait for a spot your GPA gets lowered for the purpose of this calculation. So if you have bad grades and want to study psychology you might have to wait 10 years. So either you are a great student or you are super dedicated. I think this is a decent filter. Well, it's not the king but the government representing the people who are paying the bills. Not when I grew up ~10 years ago It depends on what you study. In my CS classes we had a few lab sessions where we had to implement small programs and sometimes even larger projects. However, a friend of mine studied chemistry and she never got to leave the lab. Where is that? Google Play gives you 30 days and Amazon I believe gives you at least 48 hours for a movie. My main issue with HN is that the comments link is a pain on touch devices. This redesign seems to make that link even smaller. Much of the value of HN lies in the amazing comments, so I would prefer that link to get almost equal prominence to the actual article. I also don't understand how almost unreadably pale article titles make the page more usable. To me this redesign is another case of making it prettier rather than more usable. I never will understand how this spying stuff always is allowed to happen. I know every government does is, but I find it unbelievably dishonest. What kind of relationship is that? I would intuitively see any spying as an act of war, especially if supposedly friendly countries do it. This worked awesome on my MacBook and my PC, but I am getting some massive rendering errors in Safari on my iPad 3: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/18855215/bpg.PNG Breaking in Safari on my iPad 3 running iOS 7: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/18855215/bpg.PNG This is a very American view. When I grew up in Germany EVERYONE had a scale for cooking because every recipe gives all larger quantities in grams. I think the only exception is the difference is the equivalent of "a pinch". When I moved to the US I didn't have a scale and most recipes I cooked were American and I ended up using cups etc. I got totally used ot it after a while and everything was fine. However, I love cooing and wanted to get more into modernist cuisine. That pretty much requires a scale. Having used a scale for cooking again I cannot overstate how incredibly convenient it is. It saves a lot of time and cleaning of measuring devices. You just put your container (pot, bowl or whatever you will use later for processing) onto the scale; zero the scale; and start puring in the first ingredients till you go tthe right amount. Then you just zero the scale again and do the next ingredients. No need to rinse measuring cups in between. The metric system also has the added benefit that 1 liter translates for water based liquids to 1kg which means you again just pour the liquid into your bowl that's on the scale. The scale has pretty much only upsides. The downside that most people in the US don't have a scale is only a downside because culturally US Americans don't use scales for cooking. On the flip side you can say that measuring cups are incovenient because Europeans don't have them. Wow, according to Wikipedia he died of suicide by two to the head. And here I thought stories of suicide via two self-inflicted head shots was a myth restricted to conspiracy theorists. It's a big company doing, so it's gonna be fine. The most interesting part of the article ot me was the discussion of income in the workplace in contrast to the performance in school. They point out that women tend to select subjects in college that result in less income and that they seem to care less about that. I wonder how much of that attitude results in the income difference between men and women. I also believe that some of the behavior typically associated with boys and their bad performance in school leads to them succeeding in the workplace. Trying to be in control and showing typical alpha-male behavior causes nothing but trouble in school. In the workplace on the other hand,it's something that might lead to some conflict, but also to higher income. On the flip side, following orders diligently is great in school and leads to a stable career, but you might lose out to the pushy alpha-male. Obviously like pretty much everything on this topic, those are very broad generalizations, that are not indicative of any one individuals behavior. But that's what work life is likely going to be. Work life is not going to be building a fort in the forrest. Locking away violent criminals also has the benefit that the general public will be safe from the violent criminal during the incarceration. In the short run they got Robespierre. However, in the long run things certainly got better. In the meantime the UK still has a queen and the House of Lords. So maybe having Robespierre was worth it. To add to your argument: Although corporations are made up of people, the interest of the majority of the people that make up the corporation isn't necessarily aligned with that of the corporation. I find it interesting that it seems like critics of the Q ratio justify the high price by saying that because of low interest rates, other investment options are worse. As much as I agree that still makes it a bubble. It's just not that investors get drawn to the attractiveness of the bubble on the stock market, but rather that the bubble is there because everyone gets pushed into it. Even if you don't buy the Q ratio, this reasoning if correct would mean that the stock market is most likely higher than it should be and probably won't stay there. Maybe you don't want another company to be able to look at your IP. Or maybe you want or need to hold yourself to a higher security standard then hosted alternatives. If your code is hosted with a third party out on the Internet, your own service now is only as secure as that third parties. That sounds to me like Equipment is not what's needed, since there is hardly anyone reliable we can give the equipment to. How about deploying a few millions soldiers? A few million sounds like a unreasonably large number, but on the other hand there were 4 million soldiers in Stalingrad alone and we should be able to treat this situation as urgently as things were handled in WWII. To me ISIS is right up there with the Nazis. So let's go all out and get this done with! To me the most interesting part about this is how looking at the comments here it's apparently a great Rorschach test. "Whatever I draw always ends up lookiing like a uterus.", "everything I try ends up looking like some kind of bug", "Any image I make with this one looks like e-cigarette packaging", etc. As a German who lives in the US since 8 years I am not surprised by this at all. By the time you finish university in Germany you are about 25 years old. They introduced the Bachelor/Master system, but at least when I studied, getting a Bachelor was more of a way to drop out gracefully. In addition there was a culture that expected you to stay at home until your child is at least 1 year old. Therefore there was very little support to take care of very young children. For well educated couples this leaves an extremely small window in which you can have children. That doesn't even account yet for people with other goals. Having a child means having time to try to bootstrap a startup parallel to your day job or doing extensive travel becomes extremely hard if not downright impossible. An additional factor is that most Germans aren't religious and even the ones who are are only on paper, but don't actually care very much. Religion often times plays a large role in people's desire to have children. That rarely happens in Germany. Yes, typically they are, even in Germany. That being said, very rich people who don't have to compromise and have others raise their children also tend to have more than average children I believe. Maybe I should be impressed, but I am not. I assumed some kind of fight that would require strategy and creativity. What I saw in the video was more like what we have been seeing in car factories since many years. What am I missing? I have to agree. I am very concerned by both what's happening in Europe and by concerns being dismissed as racism or xenophobia. I am glad there are others who have a level headed view of this. It's really hard to talk about this topic, because so much of the associated vocabulary has been taken over by actual racists in the past and sets off all kinds of alarm bells. The use of the word "liberal" in the US drove me nuts the first few months I lived in the US. I used to be identify myself as a "Liberal" in Germany and constantly felt misrepresented when people were talking about "liberals" in the US. Weird enough the term that comes closest to what I understand as European liberalism is libertarianism. So we had to throw in a syllable to make up for the word that's being used everywhere else having been hijacked. I wonder if some of this is fallout from the insane two party system. As a German living in the US I actually had the most interesting experience visiting Japan. I always thought of myself as "liberal" when I lived in Europe. However, moving to the US I found myself often times very annoyed by people not obeying common everyday conventions. A dumb example would be people jaywalking right in front of your car, being fully aware that you have to stop because of their jaywalking. When I visited Japan I realized that I actually appreciate fascism to a certain degree, which is a shocking thing to realize. Having a strong shared set of conventions and shared values that help enforce these conventions make everyday life so much more pleasant. When I use light rail in SF, I am constantly strategizing where to position myself relative to other passengers, so that I can get on the train early in order to get a seat. In Japan there are markings on the floor where you have to stand and no one would dare to skip the line. These are small examples of things that make everyday life just so much more pleasant. I don't give a damn what color your skin is or what country you are from, but I agree with you, you better stick to the rules that everyone else adheres to. Outside the US the term "pension" also is used to mean that the company pays into some(semi-) government scheme that provides a pension. I think the company itself paying the actual pension when you retire is a US only phenomenon. The differences between the iOS app and the web page were startling about a year ago when I first started using it. In particular how different the iOS's coach was and the "on-track" concept on the web. I was excited that they wanted to make it more similar, but then they just cut the coach which I had vastly preferred. I am also very disappointed by this. I am mainly interested in learning Mandarin and Japanese. But Duolingo is so good that I decided to start learning Spanish with it till they support Mandarin or Japanese. Now it's one year later, still no Mandarin or Japanese and I ran out of motivation for Spanish a long time ago. I learned on Silicon Valley that you don't want any revenue anyways, because people will just expect insane revenue growth once you have any revenue. I didn't know if I was supposed to laugh or if someone just had spoken some truth everyone in the valley is too correct to actually say. iI would actually argue that everyone involved in this should be prosecuted for trying to overthrow our democratic system. Why can't we just have a 2 tier water pricing system? Tier 1 is very cheap, so that everyone can afford water to drink and wash themselves. Anything over that amount in tier 1 get's priced at something more realistic. That incentivizes industry to be economic about their water usage and private people are deterred from being wasteful. Increased product prices would likely lead to reduced demand and in turn smaller farm output and water usage. Same is true for industry that also uses enormous amounts of water. I agree. You used to be able to sort all movies by how much they think you will like it. What a concept! A little over a year ago I actually wrote a script that used their API to get me just that. Less than a month later they shut down the API... I honestly don't know what use case they are addressing. If I know what I am there to watch I just need a search field. If I don't know then there interface is a disaster. It keeps recommending movies they predict I will give a low rating. At the same time I found that they had "The Master" which I loved in the cinema after browsing the page for at least 10 minutes in order to find something. Most of the 10 minutes were spent looking over different lists that mainly contained the same movies I'd already watched or Netflix agrees I won't like. I also find their rating system to be the worst. I always check at imdb first. Some movies that have 4/10 or fewer starts have 4/5 or even 4.5/5 stars on Netflix. I can only assume that watching certain movies might be more beneficial to Netflix than others. I honestly wonder if they try to direct users towards certain content because they might have different deals around the content that makes watching certain movies for them better than others. That's the only explanation I can come up with for why they would make finding something worth watching so hard. Agreed on al of these. A lot of this used to exist, but it's gone now. Instead we have big pictures and shiny stuff no one needs. Nice, this makes it even more likely I will die a slow death from cancer instead. I agree. However, I find that even more remarkable. I looked at the wiki statistic yesterday and the comparison between Germany (where I grew up) and the US made me think. Roads in Germany do feel safer and better organized. But because of the famously high speed limits on the Autobahn I didn't expect to see number like this. I used ot go 220km/h in a Golf 2 from 1994. That was even scarry back then at times and seems downright insane now that I am used to US traffic. As someone else mentions, I think that drivers pick lanes at will leads to constant lane changes and also to traffic jams and reduces throughput. That to me is a huge thing that needs fixing. It also makes driving much more pleasant. You never have a "wall" of three slow cars in front of you and now have to figure out which one of them will eventually make way, so that you can pass and now everyone has to change lanes. It's insane! In addition to the broken "protocol" that's being used on roads cars are also much less save. Lots of pickups have these pipes on front of their car's grills (sorry no idea how those things are properly called). These are actually illegal in Germany because they increase injury likelihood for pedestrians. Trucks in Europe have to have barriers on the side, so that in a collision they push a car aside and have a big impact area, rather than just hitting with a car with the edge of the trailer just at the same height as where people's heads are. Really cheap to do and would save lots of lifes. There are also many more very large cars in the US. If those crash into a smaller car that can have much more severe consequences. I think the lack of monster pick up trucks in Europe helps. I know many people here get these trucks to defend themselves against other people who are in these huge vehicles. Having moved here from Germany I think that people randomly picking their favorite lane is probably the biggest factor. It also makes things incredibly inefficient and driving much less pleasurable. I am convinced that sorting cars by speed with slow cars on the right would increase throughput dramatically. Without that a road with as diverse speeds as the Autobahn would be impossible. US freeways have to accommodate a much smaller range of speeds and still fail because it's so badly organized. Given that Germany has much higher speed limits and still fewer fatalities per mile driven, I would definitely focus on giving tickets for overtaking on the right and not speeding up on the on ramp. That shit makes things dangerous for everyone and provides benefits to no one. It's just plain stupid. I would implement draconic penalties for that shit. As someone else pointed out, the Autobahn doesn't ever go through towns or villages. However, I agree that the frequent drastic speed limit changes on the Bundesstraße are a pain. I am not sure however what a good solution would be. You could lower the speed limit between towns, raise it the towns or build out the road in the city more and keep the limit higher like happens on the 101 when you go through some towns in the central valley. But that has other huge downsides, like being painfully slow or increasing the risks or ruining the towns. Having a town every 1-2 miles might just result in this. Awesome book by Nobel price winning Thomas Schelling: Micromotive and Macrobheavior http://www.amazon.com/Micromotives-Macrobehavior-Thomas-C-Sc... $229K? Time Warner won't even notice that's gone. Should have been $229 million otherwise they won't learn anything from this. Yeah, that would be really neat. We are already doing it in enough cases for time. Your comment is fascinating because it is a glaring example of what another commenter described "you are either with or against us" attitude that the extrimist parts of any movement show. I understood the person you responded to to see your cause as a good one and thus be on your side. If you attack anyone who doesn't want to go on a crusade you will never achieve what you set out to and will in fact drive people off. Not to mention that you will be very frustrated. I think we should use the Olympics as a honey pot for politicians who care more about their own egos than their constituencies. Anyone who applies for it faces life in prison because it will just cost their city huge amounts of money and ruin most people's everyday lives. Having gone to high school in Germany and gotten my Masters degree in the US I'm really surprised by this. All the teachers I had would have loved you for studying ahead. Teachers even enjoyed arguing with me when I thought they were wrong. I'm carefully optimistic since this would be in there interest of the trucking industry and they already seem to be succeeding at pushing laws through that are bad for the drivers. I would love a system where the trucks get driven to a lot outside of the city where they get set on a automatic course to the equivalent lot at the destination. During transit no person is onboard at all. At the destination lot a human enters and drives it downtown. If the truck goes to some industrial facility outside the city you shouldn't even need the human driver. Also I wish there was done way to go after those congress people who are in essence committing murder. That argument can be applied to all automation. I completely agree that it's a huge political and economical problem that owning the means of production becomes more and more important whereas actual labor becomes less important. To me the obvious solution is more socialism and eventually once everything is automated even some form of capitalism. However, especially in the US where due to the cold war anything social is a red flag for many we aren't going to be able to solve this before it becomes a much larger problem. So we either have to play this through and force action or stop all innovation because anything else just slows the process down and makes us less competitive. I agree with practically everything you said. However, I expect that the companies that do most of the lobbying are larger and are all the ones expecting to be one of the one out two companies with the iPhone apps that now also don't have to deal with drivers anymore. The big companies will be able to upgrade their first, small companies won't be able to. The small companies get pushed out of the market. So I expect large companies to push for this. There was actually a very interesting discussion on econtalk that easily came to the conclusion that interest rates aren't artificially low. The primary, possible reasons they saw were that new industries in the West need fewer initial investments than traditional industries (compare the cost of starting a new refrigerator factory to starting a tech startup) and that Asian countries with much higher saving rates are making up a larger portion of the economy. One point they made is that interest rates were already very low before the recession and QE. I would love two nice for pair programming. Also for playing/making a first person shooter for two people where each player controls one arm/gun. A third player would control the legs and head. It would be amazing! I sometimes wonder how many people in Europe are scared of additives because of the E-Number system that doesn't look natural at all and immediately makes you think that there are "chemicals" in your food. Who wants "E 300" in their food? Probably most random people you ask would say they don't want it without hesitation. Yet it's just Vitamin C. I read in Fernand Braudele's "Civilization and Capitalism, 15th-18th Century Volume 1" that bread in many regions was only baked 2-3 times a year. Bread would grow mold or get that hard that people would chop it with an axe! When I first moved to the US as a student from Germany I kept most my money in Euro cache and only covered what I needed in the coming weeks because the Euro kept going up pretty quickly. I will never forget how furious I was when I got an overdraft fee. It took my wife quite a while to even explain the concept to be because it seemed so completely nonsensical coming from Germany. In Germany the bank would be set on fire for this by leftists. German used to be more like that buta spelling reform in 1996 fixed many of these issues. All my spelling grades got significantly better (less terrible) once that happened. Anyone else having random scroll issues on Android phones with this article? It's just jumping around randomly once I got a little further down. It also might become harder to get a prescription or get your insurance to pay for it. In a way it could become similar to medical Marijuana. Where does that peanut allergy thing come from suddenly? When I was a kid no one had any allergies and now every other kid seems to due from a peanut. Or this piece of autonomous awesomemess: http://www.stoneaerospace.com/products-pages/products-DEPTHX... You pay the fixed sum before every game. If you go with Ian Hacking's suggested low price of $25, I can easily see losing several thousand dollar before you get lucky and hit one of the rare, high value events. In a way this is like waiting for a good black swan event to happen. It is going to happen and it will be great, but do you have enough money to play long enough till it happens? I think we don't play this kind of game for the same reason we are bad preparing for black swan events. If I spent huge amounts of money on preparing for a black swan disaster that might happen chances are still high that I will only get theoretical benefits from the investment and nothing ever happens during my lifetime. Similarly here, I statistically win, but in practice I have a high chance of running either out of money or out of time, because I don't have infinite of those, even if the imaginary casino had infinite money. So how hard would it be to modify this to autonomously hunt human swimmers? Pretty creepy. Japan had a interesting mix of private companies providing and competing in areas where public transit is actually profitable and the government providing it in areas where it won't be profitable. To me that's politics done right. The market is the strongest force you can use if it works in your favor. But it's key to understand when it won't. Too bad that on the US that decision is usually driven by ideology rather than practical thought. You can easily get very close to this with Capybara: 'expect(page).to have(:css, ".article table th td", text: " hello world ")' Save functionality but you won't have to support that silly regex abstraction layer. If this is still not human readable enough, I would still recommend writing your own DSL on top of Capybara rather than matching to regexes like Cucumber does. I saw a talk about this at Yuri's night at Moffet Field in 2008 or 2009. I was really excited about it. My former university in Paderborn, Germany was also working on a similar system, RailCsb, that allowed the pods to form convoys and that way save space and improve aerodynamics. All really exciting. However, much time passed and neither project seems to be anywhere near actual deployment. I think on-demand public transportation is long overdue and the technology seems totally feasible. However, society seems to be too risk averse and the bureaucracy seems to kill any project like this. We can't even build a proper high speed train in the US! Well, it depends. If you have someone who is killing it and comes later and leaves early, who cares? If you have someone who is struggling and then also puts fewer hours in you've got a real problem. Unfortunately on my experience it's more often than not people who are already struggling who aren't putting the time in. To make that much worse people notice this and will perceive this as a unfair and demotivating situation. That fortunately though seems to work both ways. If someone is out a lot who is going great work, everyone is totally fine with it. This all makes for very unpleasant conversations and can undermine work moral on your team significantly. I actually misunderstood the entire statement because of this. I thought this was happening because of a politician from the green party and was going over green party politicians to figure out whom could possible me meant. I live in the US since 8 years and still misunderstood it. Yeah, thanks. I know the difference in theory, but reliably mess it up. If more people were to call me on it like you did, it would probably be fixed by now. My American wife never tells me these things and just confirms it when someone else is so nice to point is out. :( This might be a chicken/egg problem, where society doesn't expect women to gain high professional positions and so they feel less driven to achieve it. I had the chance to use the first generation of this setup together with a variety of other VR headsets a few weeks ago at a VR film festival. It was fun and worked pretty well, but non of the screen that I got to try had the needed pixel density. I was able to see the pixels on all of them, because the screen is so close to your eyes. It's still where we as mankind originated and seems somewhat appropriate. However, maybe that's short sighted and we will get a very anti-earth separatist movement from the colonies. I just read that and the Dark Forrest and that (fundamental) part of the book honestly made no sense to me. His claim that you can't locate a signal's source location was in complete conflict with everything I thought I knew about astronomy and how we locate things in space. Are you referring to Pluto losing its status as a Planet? That was a complicated process that was based on new discoveries and not some idea by some "upstart science teacher" on the daily show. Keeping Pluto as a planet would have made our definition of planet very wide and to be consistent Ceres should have to be turned back into a planet as well. It's even more severe in Germany. However, Germany as a country won't go away, it will just look very different, since there are many immigrants who are making up for it. Source: http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32929962 I read this the other day in Ben Horrowitz's book "The Hard Things About Hard Things" and loved the idea by other commenters here to apply it to other fields. Just [my own version]( https://github.com/ajmurmann/good-developer-bad-developer ) that represents my views on engineering. I tried to stay away from concrete, good practices like TDD or pairing that are en vogue right now. Although I have very strong opinions on some of those, they are controversial and I think they would take value away from the larger points. I would be excited to hear people's thoughts on it! There are actually a lot of good cases for roundabout over intersection with traffic lights, but I think that's really something that needs to be decided on a per intersection basis. To me the best replacement for a 4-way stop is really giving one street the right of way and using a yield sign for the less important street. However, that seems to be unheard of in the US. Cars still would still have to stop for pedestrians at the yield sign. Works very well in other countries. If there are too many pedestrians, just put a traffic light up to regulate traffic between pedestrians and cars. Key here though is that the light isn't on a timer but actually adjusts to someone pressing the button or a car rolling over a sensor in the ground. Yes, please! Those stop signs everywhere are often times unnecessary and a gigantic waste of fuel. Let's just give one street the right of way and the other street gets a yield sign. If they are both major streets, there should be a traffic light or a circle depending on the traffic patterns. Yes! As a driver I don't have very strong feelings about bicyclists, as a pedestrian I am terrified. It has happened very often that I had to jump out of the way of bicyclists that were running red traffic lights and stop signs. The rule we have right now is much easier to follow and leaves nothing up to interpretation, yet SF cyclists seem unable to follow it as it is. I doubt that replacing that with a rule that makes things much fuzzier will do much good. If the existing easy rule is neither followed not enforced, how is the new fuzzy rule gonna be anything than a permission to do even more problematic stuff. I am really not worried about cars here, but am terrified as a pedestrian. Agreed. However, I don't think we would need many more off then than we already have. I was just trying to make clear that I don't think we should turn every intersection into one with one street having the right of way and their other one having a yield sign. Do schools I the US teach children how to safely ride a bike? When I went to primary school in Germany we had a cop cone by several times and we went to a parking lot that had fake roads painted on it and he taught us about traffic rules and we ride bikes around the lot while he gave us feedback. We learned about right of way, arm signals etc. Totally agree. Is there any other good writing on this topic. Most of what I find is usually about how to pitch, but there is typically very little about how to select investors. They do have a travel agency. http://www.nationalgeographicexpeditions.com Are Abmahnungen still a big issue in Germany? I remember being constantly furious about it when I lived there. I'm glad I had completely forgotten those ever existed. I think the debate around Soylent really suffers from disagreement of what users of Soylent use it for, what others think it is being used for out should be used for and what it is advertised as. I think it's foolish to believe that Soylent will provide a very healthy diet just I its own. As you point out we know way to little about what the body needs. That's why no one I know who uses Soylent eats it exclusively. Unfortunately that's not what is advertised as. If you see it as an alternative to a rushed meal that comes from a fast food chain and our prematr from the freezer in the grocery store, Soylent is the better choice. I eat/drink Soylent for breakfast add weekday lunches. For dinner I usually have streamed vegetables and done lean meat with done fresh fruit later in the evening. I think together that probably makes for a much better diet than most people have. Yes, it could be improved by replacing the Soylent with a more traditional, but healthy meal, but the effort I'm willing to invest I breakfast and weekday lunches prevents that as far as I can see. Especially at the price point that Soylent comes at. I'm certain that most Soylent users see Soylent as a replacement for a crappy sandwich or burger with a side of potato chips and not as a replacement for a wholesome meal. I never understood the sentiment of valuing babies over all else. To me it always seemed obvious that fresh college graduates are most valuable to society, since we just finished investing a ton of money into them. Babies on the other hand are easily replaced. I get this is mainly an emotional argument, but it's still startling to me how opposite it is to the purely economic argument I made above. In fact usually people think I'm just trolling when I'm stating my opinion on the matter but I'm dead serious. I strongly agree that we need a healthy mix. However, for fresh college graduates there is more time left to pay off the investment we made in them as a society. In fact I believe they will be at their most productive a little later than that. But they get there as they get older. Edit: Typos Yeah and in the meantime they need a ton of investment, might die before they even get to the age to work or turn it idiots. I agree that the college angle adds unnecessary assumptions to the argument. It would probably be easier to agree on "young adults ready to enter the work force". Especially given the tremendous value many drop outs are adding. I'm always do relieved to be reminded of this. I'm in my early thirties and an getting nervous about the window of opportunity passing. The possible improvements would truly need mind blowing. I can't even think of a reason why those cars would have to stop asking the way if everything goes right. There would be no more need for traffic lights or stop signs to coordinate traffic between cars. You would still need them for pedestrians. However, if the traffic lights are integrated I the same system as the cars then the cars can just adjust their speed to not have to stop at the light. Their gain in fuel efficiency would be huge! As long as nobody jaywalks or we have cross walks without traffic lights or bicycles.. Divergence I speed is a big cause of both traffic jams and accidents. Why is this being downvoted? 100% agreed. Otherwise we might as well get rid of money and go back to exchanging goods directly. That's exactly the attitude with which we will get the situation Michel Houellebecq describes in his "Submission" novel. Also spying on everyone. You forgot to mention the very low cost, especially for font because we gotta hide that pesky content that we have to show after all. I don't think it's either or. I obviously read hacker news, but I'm also very passionate about ceramics especially Japanese and Korean ceramics and Pinterest is a treasure trove for images of work other people have done as well as new techniques. For contrast: I don't have a Facebook account. Do I understand this right that if the conjecture can be proved correct and the remaining issue about time gets solved we effectively have a grand unified theory? I disagree with the premise of this article. I don't care if the sun is out when I have to wake up or not. I dislike doing something incredibly dramatic like changing what time it is and having to force myself into a different rythm because some people might or might not be happy that now there might or might not be more sun in the evening. One interesting thing to me I the comments to the original article was the mentioning of the weird "have got" instead of just "have" you learn in European schools. I hadn't thought about it since I started learning English I school in Germany many, many years ago. I think even the teachers dropped that in later classes. But I remember always having to say stuff like "I have got an apple" instead of just "I have an apple". I live in the US now and have never heard that and also don't recall ever having heard that in the UK either. What's up with that? Sounded like BS even to my fifth grade self who knew nothing about English. Now that you contract it like that I think I hear people say it all the time in the US and also use it myself, but never the non=contracted form. It's amazing how much of language usage is outside of our awareness. I guess it's all "system 1" as Thinking Fast and Thinking Slow would call it. I honestly don't understand the reason why it's so hard to try to help terminally ill patients with unproven methods as long as everyone agrees that there is no other, better way to help and as long as the patient wants it. Prohibiting this seems like a lose/lose decision to me. I understand that that's a reason why it's not done. However, my question was about why their legal system is like it is. I agree that a quicker death would have been better. However that's often times the case add yet most states don't even site patients to choose between suffering and death. The patient suffered so much because the treatment worked, but not well enough to safe her. That however can happen with many well proven treatments as well. I have a relative who just got a port to feed her liquids, dive she cannot swallow anymore. That treatment will extend her life longer, but she well probably will just suffer longer and die soon anyways. This seems to be a constant trade off in health care these days and usually we decide blindly in favor of extending life regardless of the quality. How we judge experimental treatments seems completely different though. One thing I find very scary about this discussion is that in the past when we talked about helping the situation of minorities no one had a problem explaining what the issue is we are trying to solve. Now I'm very often hearing things like "you are a white heterosexual male you won't understand/have no right to talk about it". This is just more racism and sexism and no way to have a discussion or a good direction for a society. It seems irrational and hate driven. To me the obvious solution is to make it illegal for ISPs to get to get into a conflict of interest. So they should only be allowed to sell Internet access and not do anything else, especially not sell content. Given that they are running some of our countries most important pieces of infrastructure I think that's perfectly reasonable. Let's not forget the black ships forcing Japan to open up. Many right wing Japanese still link the entire war period back to that and they do have somewhat of a point. I strongly recommend Ian Buruma's "Inventing Japan" That was a great book. My only issue was the phoney science around locating where a signal comes from. This actually is a huge pet peeve of mine. It's most obvious with extendingl extremely specific needs like vegetarians for example. It drives me nuts when I read yelp reviews that rate a restaurant low because they don't offer good vegetarian alternatives. It is obviously an issue, but it should be trivial for yelp to exclude that recite from the rating that they show to non-vegetarians. Less obvious examples that are a related but different issues are reviews by people who clearly don't know what they are talking about. Looking at reviews of high end Spanish restaurants in the Basque country, I really don't care about reviews that start out with "This was my first visit to a restaurant with a Michelin star...". I'm not trying to be snobby, but I'd much rather have the review by someone who had been to a ton of then in the same area weighed much higher. Edit: I wonder if there is a great opportunity for some disruption here. Well be tough do to overcome yelps moat. I would love to work on this! I do blame them. These questions are always the weak spot and any system is only as secure as that weakest point. Three answers to those questions are typically trivial to find out. I find it downright malicious to even suggest someone protects their data or wealth by asking people what the name of their high school teacher was. This is a incredibly stupid idea and suggesting this to your users shows that they are either stupid to the point where they should be considered unemployable at any company or criminals. Applying the reverse of this is actually really fascinating as well. A friend of mine used to work on "navigation systems for submarines". According to him some submarines measure the pull of gravity to help keep track of their location. And here I thought this was cutting edge technology... That seems too be the general trend with UI design these days. Less and less content, more space and the little content that's there gets made less prominent with low contrast. I find it quite upsetting. In my experience it doesn't get prioritized. I worked on a product where everyone including product management complained about performance but it always took very long to get fixing that prioritized. In one case I spent my weekend adding pagination to some pages that everyone had been complaining about being slow but no one thought should be a priority to fix over new features. Given that this is the Y-Combinator news aggregator it's much worse than "us" choosing to use these services. Most of us here would love to be a substantial part of the next Facebook, Twitter or Instagram. I am sure the vast majority here would do everything they can to make it happen if they thought they had an idea that could turn them into the next Mark Zuckerberg, Steve Jobs or even "just" Evan Williams. I've been ranting about Facebook being the new AOL since at least 2009 and yet I would become an unstoppable force in order to create the next one. I assume you have an actual assistant. May I ask what the monthly bill comes out as and how you found them? I think Tim Ferris mentioned services that provide virtual assistants for tasks similar to what the OP described. I remember looking into it right after I read the 4 hour work week and back then the services listed in the book were completely overrun. I never looked into it again and also never met anyone who actually used it. You can rent then on Amazon, iTunes or Google play What do you connect your stages to other than the next stage? I strongly second this concern. I generate random strings as answers to my recovery questions. When I recently got asked one of the questions the support rep let out a sigh when asking (presumably because he saw the "crazy" answer) and then said "yeah yeah, alright" when I was about half way through the answer. That any company even suggests these insane security questions that anyone can trivially research is completely beyond me. What about security vulnerabilities that get fixed in those updates? You don't want those? This got us Chinese bot nets on outdated XP machines... It also might deter people from doing business in that town. If I have the choice to get a coffee I this town or a neighboring town that's not known for hyper active ticketing, I'd rather avoid this place. I honestly had no idea she was running the UC system now. I'm actually shocked to see her in that position. That only furthers my disillusion with anything related to politics. Yeah, it should have started almost an hour ago and actually be just about over. Can you imagine the chancellor our president coming by for a launch event when you run your software for the very first time that you've never run before not even I an integration test after coding on it for years?! I don't have a reference at hand but recall vaguely that all these issues were addressed in Musk's original document. Even if they have the trademark it's reasonable. You just can't use it for a product that might be confused with theirs by a reasonable person. Do you can still make ice cream called that way or probably even name your next novel like that. Just no tutorials on the tech area. If you have problems with "violent language" then that shouldn't lead to valuable content being hidden from others who don't have mental issues triggered by words they fifth like. That is not a adequate comparison. You aren't done after you bought the software. You need someone to set it up as week and that cost scales with the quality of the software you bought. You need to look at the cost you have once everything is said and done. Agreeing on moral axioms also might be non-trivial. I for example do not agree with the one you list above, but instead go withz Peter Singer on preventing suffering and not protecting life per se. So abortions for example and even euthanasia of severely sick people including newborns are fair game. Also leads to the question if animal suffering should count and if so, how much? I think trying to take our moral debates down to principals like this might be a super valuable exercise for society though. Regardless if we program Watson to be president or not. Edit: of course this in practice would devolve to 50+% of the country in essence saying "Whatever I think the bible says should be our acxiom". Completely ruining the discussion. That's a very interesting point! Watson is I essence a robot, so Asimov's laws should be a good starting point. But are they also a good starting point for the president? Why should laws be different for robots than for people? My head is spinning... Do you know if this is actually very different from one of Vanguard's target retirement funds? Taking a brief look at Betterment's portfolio make it seem like the distribution is almost identical. Did I look at the wrong offering at Betterment? Is it trading in the US yet? Their website still says "early 2016". So the investment strategy by the robo advisor is in essence just a automated lazy portfolio? I expected/was hoping for some fancier AI than just a dumb balancing script that I currently have in an Excel spreadsheet... General computer buying rule: always buy as much ram as you can afford even if it seems like an insane amount at the time! One thing that drives me nuts about phones and tablets. I want to pay more money for more, more ram. Nothing impacts your devices life span more than the amount of ram. Even more you can probably compare these users to the "sneaker heads" that keep the Nike brand going by waiting in line for underpriced limited edition sneakers. I wonder how much of this and similar cases are based on low interests. You can't keep your money in the bank because you won't get any interests and at the same time leveraging your money and buying housing is cheaper. So maybe the solution to housing prices is significantly higher interest rates? Why wouldn't they? Until the scheme collapses the generous refund policy only makes people more confident. Once it collapses people at the top of the pyramid have probably already put enough money somewhere where it can't be touched anyway and the policy hardly matters. Yeah, I thought it was pretty established that even before sanctions against Iran had been lifted production already had gone up especially in the US through fracking. Why do people keep saying this? I thought it was agreed on that production had already gone up a lot months ago due to fracking and now due to Iran. Many posters also seem to completely ignore the supply side of the equation. Why? The non-amazon shipped stuff on Amazon honestly had been a pain ever since they introduced it. If you have prime it mostly is just a huge nuisance. "free same-day shipping" Woah, what items do you get that on? I always wanted that so bad, but have never had anything delivered same day. Are you referring to Amazon prime now? Is same day shipping one of their Seattle only offerings? There is hope in the world. Mh, that seems like it would move the problem to now be a conflict between bike and bus passengers The whole college degree as a filter thing is the laziest thing a company could do to quickly get through a stack of applications. On the other hand the market is apparently in their favor enough that they can afford to use lazy filters like these that might lead to missing out on an awesome employee. Because the US has a trauma from the cold war related to anything social this will never happen in the US. There will have to be 50%+ unemployment before anything like that happens here. Wow, MongoDB is worth more than 23andme, Cloudflare or New Relic? Or people will vote for insane candidates. We saw that in 1930s Germany... I pretty much stopped using Uber because every time I ask a driver who works for both whom they prefer they tell me that they prefer Lyft. I don't really see much of a difference between the two as a consumer so I use who the drivers prefer. Well, I certainly wouldn't want to start the company that makes the only product that has it as part of its philosophy to make their users learn in order to be able to use it efficiently. That being said you are probably right and the dumbed down UIs we see more and more with low information density are annoying and underline what you are saying. Everything is catering to the lowest common denominator. I wonder if the competition wouldn't just skip the security, then beat you on the price because you are paying lots of money for security experts. Most customers don't care about/understand security and your company fails. I've been working on something similar but decided to go with Kafka as the message bus because I want the messages to persist. This allows for more error recovery solutions and auditing. Still having all that data around also allows me to come up with new ideas to use that days after the fact. Never thought about this. It's crazy how the US subsidizes corn syrup, but done jurisdictions put a tax on sugary drinks. Thanks for the insight! IRC -> Campfire -> Hipchat and now Slack. I don't understand why large parts of the industry made these transitions, but it seems like for some reason we like to collectively abandon one chat solution and move on to the next hip one. Not sure why that will be different. I am not seeing Warren Buffet's famous moat and am thus not bullish on Slack. Facebook's userbase is still going strong though. Facebook also has a moat, since you cannot just move, because Facebook is where your friends are. With Slack, my company can decide to move and there are no other dependencies on anything external. We just move and that's it. When you say integration, I assume that goes beyond the chat bots that we have seen on other platforms since ages? You and I understand that, but how many politicians understand that? We constantly ban stuff that's futile to ban and make things worse I the process. When I first started reading I actually thought the article was about backslash against him. A related falsehood that is built into many systems is the believe that zip codes don't change and that new ones won't be created. A co-workers area got a new zip code resulting in many months without properly working health insurance because computer systems kept flashing his zip code as invalid despite the new zip having been issued years ago. I had a conversation with a coworker a few days ago where I jokingly suggested building an AI system that you give a failing test suite and it uses stackoverflow answers to make your tests pass. Sounds like we are one step closer to making that happen. For some reason I had never heard of the NUC. Just looked it up and it's incredible for the price. F* the Mac Mini! Thank you very much for mentioning the NUC! That might be true. However, suburban living comes at a cost that is highly subsidized. The cost of infrastructure per person in the suburbs is much higher than in a dense city. There is just so much more roads and pipes and cables per person. However, the cost gets carried by everyone evenly. If that cost had to be paid by the people in the suburbs (like me) than living there would all the sudden be quite a bit less attractive. This was covered in a great episode of Econtalk: http://www.econtalk.org/archives/2014/05/charles_marohn.html Living in the suburbs is also highly subsidized since the suburbs have enormous infrastructure costs that are hidden. See http://www.econtalk.org/archives/2014/05/charles_marohn.html This is the creepiest story I have heard in a while. I wouldn't be surprised if many psychiatrist would diagnose the average HN reader this way. Also makes me think of Terminator 2. I really like this comment. Now that you mention it, I feel the same way about B2B ads. I wonder if there are studies about that. I have a bunch of domains, but none of them feel appropriate to use for this. So I might get one just do that I can have a proper package name. Now I have to keep that domain forever. I don't see how this is any different than namespacing by my home address. Well, this makes it easier for me to decide which VR headset to buy. Warning: If you click through to the article itself it will automatically start playing music. You might want to turn your volume down if you are in an environment where that would be inappropriate. I've taken Andrew Ng's class and thought it was fabulous despite having extensive prior ML knowledge. I'm currently taking a negotiation class by Yale university which is very valuable do far and already has changed how I think about deal making. My wife just finished a script writing class and also got great value out of it despite being an accomplished writer. Zoning rules in the US are one thing I will never understand. Especially since it is very anti market and the US seems to believe on a free market more than most countries. I wonder if it has to do with suburbs of American cities being much more planned than most other city areas. Planned residential areas in Europe suffer from the same problems. Maybe the US just had more planned instead of grown areas? Even more reason to preempt it. That happened to me on my last trip to Europe. Both my wife and I woke up every night at 2:10am for the first few days. The precision of it was crazy. However, we would take a few ambient and be right back asleep and feeling great the next day. Amazing what twelve hours of sleep can do! "In fact, if you sleight performance or quality it is exactly equal to sleighting future business needs or interests." This assumes that you are building something you will be using in that future which for most startups is not true. For most it will be a better trade off to iterate faster now and solidify the system once you know for a fact that it matches actual needs. Let me pay devil's advocate for a moment: let's say I want to do bad things on the Internet and obviously I don't want to get my house raided. So now I set up a Tor node in my house. Doing that I created reasonable doubt and my house can't get raided. I agree that's a larger issue. However, IP addresses being enough evidence for a search seems somewhat out of scope of the article. So anyone to stupid to use Tor can go free and people operating the Tor nodes to enable the perps can go free as well? A while ago someone posted a great article about Japanese zoning laws. Those make so much more sense: http://urbankchoze.blogspot.com/2014/04/japanese-zoning.html Round trips over the network of any kind are actually the fastest way to make your application slow. So if you do optimize for performance then this is a good starting point, if you do go over the network a lot. But you are right that you should think twice and first make sure you even built the right thing. You can also solve this with prepared statements which for example Active Record does for you for free. I think this is a very good point that I also overlooked when I first read the article. If someone hacked my gmail account, I honestly am not sure if there would be any account of mine that would be safe. Anyone using the Internet today has to put utmost care into protecting their email address and most email providers enable you to do that fairly easily. There was an article here a few months ago promoting logging in via email token as the only way to log in instead using passwords. Because as you said, 99% of websites allow you to reset the password anyway if you control email, so why bother having insecure passwords? If I remember correctly then that article was fairly well received. I really enjoy reading octopus, but will not do so any longer. I'm really worried about this. Not only as far as it impacts computer skills but everything. I watched a stand-up piece/talk by Stephen Fry and he described how he read the complete works by Oscar Wilde when he was 14. Some books multiple times. I'm afraid that the odds of a 14 year old child will do that have gone down dramatically because of the informational and stimulation overload we are under today. "Smart devices" in particular I believe to be more of a curse than a blessing. I've been trying to limit my use of it and it's been great. Of course it doesn't always work, like right now. If we were to do this on a large scale, how would it impact the waves we are seeing? Might that impact coastal wildlife? Might it even impact currents and weather patterns? What qualifies as "occupying"? Does a person need to live there (not viable for small asteroids) or is it enough if I attach I iPhone sized tagging device to it? I would definitely agree with that. In the US large parts of the country seem fairly alienated from each other. Not only do they seem to not be able to relate to each other but often times actively vilify. I have only lived at the West coast which largely seems at odds which some other parts of the country. Parts of the South come to mind immediately. The circumstances people live I seem so very different and thus are their needs and concerns. I rarely meet people who have social bonds to the South who fondly talk about them. I fact that might have never happened. For contrast on Iceland life also send to be very different if you live in Reykjavik rather than I a farm in the rural South East. However, even during my few visits I've heard people talk about how they will go to their cousins farm in spring scabs help with the lambs. I think that that kind of relationship is needed to keep political discussions from resulting in discontent if there is a conflict of interest. That's something that send took be lacking their larger the country is. Originally being from Germany I found my home country to be somewhere I the middle in this regard. There sometimes would be a little bit of conflict between regions but never even close to the almost dehumanizing things I hear in the US. Can people who are down voting this please explain edgy? I find the comparison to neighboring counties very ingesting and would like to hear why people disagree. Totally agree. Unless you do it like SF with its T line and have intersections that serve both train and car and give the car precedence ... Rehabilitation and integration are not goals in the US. It's punishment and deterring criminals. It's dumb and antiquated old testament morale beyond believe. I feel similarly. However, the article points out reporting differences for differently large companies and layoffs. That might factor in heavily. Would be nice though of the article had explicitly addressed that. Yes that's definitely true. I remember flying from Germany a free years ago and being completely startled by the friendliness of the staff who treated you like normal people. That's quite amazing since friendlies anywhere else in Germany is far behind the US. Clerks at super market checkout lines often won't even look at you, yet airport staff behaves like normal humans. I wish I could upvote your conveyor comment many times! Yes! One of the slowest immigration lines I've ever been in was in Manchester. They processed all EU citizens before proceeding any non-EU travelers and were incredibly slow. I really don't understand the post-security water issue. I got in an argument with a security person at the Hong Kong airport over this. They claimed it's a requirement by the US government and showed me some document that described rules similar to what we see in the US. So I argued that they are reading the document wrong and got rather worked up till my wife started to pull me away because she was afraid I would get arrested. I think the issue regarding different bands is generally overstated. Most phones are sold globally and I've never had an issue with German phones in the US or an US phone anywhere abroad. In Japan you can order them online to be delivered to your hotel on arrival and it comes with English instructions. Your argument is besides the point since all of it applies also to other countries. Why not let the market decide what needs to be built? Edit: Built too many luxury apartments and those come down I price and are the new middle class apartments. It's the developers loss. Built tons of tenements and either people are happy over cheap housing out no one moves in and they get upgraded or even cheaper. It's magical! Higher density is much more efficient. There is so much expensive infrastructure that you must have that you can share (roads, sewers, phone lines etc.) and infrastructure that's not even viable otherwise like different forms of public transit. If you don't like cities for esthetic reasons you can always move to the country side. True. But that's probably still cheaper than just the roads alone would be if all those people were living in the suburbs. Yeah, apparently "skinny towers" and "boxy apartments" are for some reason undesirable. Yeah, I know about that from other articles. That sounds like a inefficiency that will resolve itself as that market gets saturated and these apartments go down in price. They will be much less attractive investments then. If you prohibit the market from going its course they will remain empty. If you count it like that you get at least four trips for turf car service where you have two for the private car. That's not counting potentially cruising around in areas where you have a higher likelihood of finding customers but no parking. I like the idea of shorting LinkedIn. My main fear heat would be that someone would drive the price up by acquiring them if you wait too long with cashing in on the short. It's interesting how little attention it gets. I believe it's mainly because it costs money which is a silly reason. I've worked with many clients who spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on getting software built. Yet only one client ever went fire Team City. No one else even considered it because it costs a minute amount of money. To me the option of selecting a snippet of code in the editor and running it on Ci is worth a lot. Never having bought a comic in the US, I have a stupid sounding question: Where does one buy this? Amazon only has the kindle version. Will regular comic stores have this? How about book stores? I sometimes will nap in a conference room for twenty minutes just testing my head on my arms which I have crossed on the table. Helps tremendously. Yep and the company the author worked at was founded by Peter Molyneux who is infamous for dreaming up stuff that's not possible in the real world with real constraints. This is the most infuriating thing to me. Everyone is aware of this, yet it never comes up in politics and the US keeps pretending that the Saudis are our great allies. I don't understand it one bit. Having spent thousands of hours pair programming I would assume that this is were mob programming is especially valuable. The decisions you make early on are the decisions that everyone on the team will have to deal with. So if you do nothing else as a team this should be it. I actually recently had a client who was lukewarm about pair programming. But they mob programmed on new laying foundation work fit new services. We pair programmed on three new services together at the same time. So much syncing had to happen afterwards that mob programming the foundation would easily have been more efficient and effective. But I keep hearing how they are the ones funding all the madrassas etc. I agree that the personalities have to be all fairly extroverted for both mob and pair programming. However, as a counterpoint to it becoming hard to criticize "the collective" I've experienced that at least with pair programming the opposite trends to happen. No one had a sense of personal code ownership, so no one gets too attached to a particular implementation or feels personally criticized when criticizing code. My expectation would be that that would happen even less when mob programming. I wonder though what would happen if you had multiple mobs that never rotate team members. I could see that that might quickly escalate to a us vs them situation. I had a similar experience in 2011 with Mango where we were running map reduce jobs which Mongo advertised to support. The whole system got blocked from running the map reduce and the Tengen consultant sighed when we told him we were running map reduce jobs. I've also found though that these languages attract primadonnas who care more about "attractive" code and getting to play with cutting edge technology that might not be ready for prime time yet than they care about providing business value. Edit: fixing typo. Pay -> play This was a huge thing for me to get used to when moving to the US from Europe. "Socialism" in the US has a much less specific meaning than in Europe. It just means that there are done welfare programs in place and as Bernie Sanders keeps saying by that definition we already have socialism in the US. What I used to understand as socialism when living in Germany would probably best expressed as "lower stage communism". At least that's what I get from having had many arguments about this and Wikipedia. I had a 19" CRT which was terrifying to transport. Later I met a friend in college with a insane 21" CRT. Transporting that thing was like a proper move. I understand that they need to make money. However, something like this provides so much value to society that we as a society have a large interest in keeping it as available to everyone as possible. Therefore I think that we need to have a publicly funded platform like this or one run by a non-profit like Wikimedia Foundation. The lower the barrier for everyone to take classes the better. Your equations aren't telling the full story though. The salary for foreign talent isn't only lower because of potential cultural issues out education, but because ability for foreign workers to change employees is artificially limited. This artificial market inefficiency hurts both local and foreign workers and benefits corporations who exploit it. The market in this case is being kept artificially inefficient to benefit corporations to the direct detriment of foreign workers and indirect detriment of local workers. Employees also might want to sell their shares which is much easier after an IPO. As opposed to a world full of legacy systems with security holes that are part of botnets. Discoverability of things like leg room is also practically zero when booking. Even if it was easier to see it, there are usually very few options anyways and they often differ hugely on other criteria like number of stops, departure time and price. I might be happy to pay fifty fiat extra for a free inch more leg room even more on a longer flight. Am I willing to have an extra stop for that out get out of bed at 4am instead of 6am or leave awkwardly in the middle of the day to arrive in the evening my vacation spot and effectively lose half a day at my vacation spot? No I think the airline market hardly ever offers real choices and many things that look like choices end up actually being the same flight sold by different carriers from the same alliance. Alliances are a huge pet peeve of mine anyways. There are certain (US based) airlines I strongly dislike and would like to avoid. However, it's almost impossible. Even if I book another carrier the flight often times end up being operated by them again. Sometimes it gets changed after I book. This is a dysfunctional market. I want Delta and United out of business and I've had the same from others. Yet we are all stuck flying them because we can't avoid it. The content is that it's tricky to truly flush the DNS cache on OS X and the command to do it gets changed a lot with new releases. It's very annoying because it makes working with DNS very painful. We are currently subsidizing living in low density areas. The per capita cost of streets, sewer, etc. is much, much higher in the suburbs. We should at least stop the subsidies. Everyone pays the same for infrastructure regardless if you live in a low or high density part of town. However, you require more infrastructure living in the suburbs. Only two other families ever use the piece of street in front of my house. At best a hundred families ever use the small park across the street. Of course the Big Dig is more expensive, but you can't compare a single road to another road. If you take all roads in one area and divide it by the number of users you get a much more meaningful number. Of course you are completely right that we need rural areas where we for example grow good or do other things that need lots of space. However, that doesn't happen in most suburbs. In fact suburbs typically keep their density artificially low for non other than vague aesthetic reasons. I myself live in the suburbs and find it very convenient. Would I do so if I had to pay for the street and sewer that lead to my house like my parents who live in Germany had to? Probably not. My parents had to pay about 20k, and that was because most of their property was on a main, federal road. Otherwise it would have been closer to 40. At the time I thought that was insane, but given that in a multi story apartment building the cost would have been much lower, it seems fair in hindsight. I strongly recommend the episode of econtalk on this: http://www.econtalk.org/archives/2014/05/charles_marohn.html I don't think what you say really invalidates his point though. Namespaces and traits might help a lot, but that still doesn't make them used wide spread or introduced them to the overwhelming amount of terrible legacy code bases that have no namespaces and untested functions that are hundreds of lines long. You can write bad code in any language, but PHP used to be a much worse language and many developers got socialized with that. When you are leaning PHP it's easy to pick up bad habits because the code base tut are using is likely full of them. You are likely to look at code examples using old versions of PHP that don't teach you good practices. That of course doesn't mean you can't error awesome code in PHP it just means it's easy to write bad code. Thanks for this! This was a huge shocker and I immediately had to go confirm it. Because of the way the branding is, I had assumed that Zero would have more caffeine. I also find the concept of exclusivity for a VR headset very problematic. People in conversations have been comparing it to console exclusivity. However, I don't need to connect my console to a $1k PC and now am not only committed to one platform, but to a combination of two. I was really excited about VR when Oculus was still a kickstarter project. The Facebook acquisition killed some of that excitement. However, what really killed it for me was learning that it wasn't just another PC peripheral, but that these things have their own stores, etc. Until I can connect a VR headset and play a game I bought anywhere with it, I will stay away from this. I understand that some things don't work due to technical limitations like Vive's room tracking, but that's not the issue here. This actually makes me wonder if it would be worthwhile to look for this and similar issues and remove Windows support from the methods for a custom implementation. It might shave off some more time. Big difference is that I can still play the game with or without G-Sync This is such a huge gripe for me. I love fish but hate the industry. In fact I wish we could have a 5 year moratorium on any fishing. Fishing is the best example for the tragedy of the commons. Phones have other differentiators than price. Much less so with electrons. When I grew up in Germany almost everyone seemed to believe that the moon landing was a hoax. In fact I was usually labeled as the crazy one by my peers for believing it actually happened. I would prefer a more general change: studies show that traffic jams and accidents happen more frequently if cars are going at widely different speeds. So the consequence should be not only to ticket drivers who go too fast but also drivers who go too slow. So instead of setting a speed limit we need a speed range and deviation from it in either direction should be punished. Obviously this would only be for freeways and certain highways. Unless you were to differentiate between citizens and residents. It would deter immigrants who are coming for economic reasons and don't make it or are just coming for the benefits to begin with. There of course also should still be a pass to citizenship. The social safety net is not he opportunity that I want immigrants to be looking for and I say that as a immigrant myself. If I had come to the US and ended up unemployed soon after my arrival, the US shouldn't have had to pay for me. If I don't like that, I can always go back where I came from. Of course it's easy for me to say since I would be going back to a wealthy European country with comfortable safety net and to middle class parents. Have you ever been to another first world country? Well, they have six lanes but since it's accepted here to overtake on the right we all the time have a few slew cars blocking the road for everyone else our you end up constantly changing lanes to make your way through. I always like to compare it to having extremely good cables but using a terrible network protocol. Freeways I Europe have fewer lanes but you can go much faster if you want because shore cars are pretty reliably on the right and fast cars in the left. Are there actually studies that show that the interview process rather than the pipeline is the issue? At my previous job we ended up making an offer to every female candidate who made it to the phone screen. This wasn't because we preferred them because of their gender but because they were really good. Many men never even made it past the phone screen. We still ended up with a majority of men on the team. There also is a SNKRS app that allows you to buy limited edition shoes. Must have for every sneaker head! "Software is eating the world." Every company is a tech company now. If you are a retailer you want to have a website. You want to do shopping cart analysis. You want to analyse what products and what quantities to stock. Once you reach scale and you want to keep an edge you need to build your own software. I used to ask the time see job ads for Wal-Mart Labs. Why would this be different for any other company? I really like that this is a nice example of having to choose either fixed scope or fixed time in which Tesla very much went with fixed scope and flexible time. This reminds me of the cleaning person who cleaned up a modern art piece that was all about the stains: http://m.dw.com/en/cleaning-lady-destroys-contemporary-sculp... I think the stress and financial cost that having children in the US creates are much larger than in other western countries. I currently don't have children and would not think of moving back to my home country Germany. However, if I had children I would be back in Germany in no time. The entire education system is on average more reliably good and much cheaper. Birth rates are definitely some of the lowest on the world in Germany. However, I think that has more to do with how important having family is seen. I also believe that the country being much less religious has to do with it as well. What other big banks does Europe have that might stick around? Having all major banks US based would be a huge issue for Europe. Having moved to the US from Germany, not a Nordic country, but a country with a much tighter social net that works comparatively well, I agree that it probably wouldn't work in the US. I think a social net works best if there is enough empathy in society to keep people happy with paying for those who need the net as well as keeping people from exploiting it too much. Of course there will always be someone unhappy with paying or someone exploiting he system, but it only works if that remains relatively rare. That is much easier if you have a relatively high empathy for each other which is easier in fairly homogenous populations. The US seems to have a very split society along all kinds of groups. There seems to be a strong fault line between large coastal cities and the middle of the country, racial divides, Republicans vs Democrats etc. These divides seem much larger to me than anything I know from Germany and I can only imagine that they are even smaller in the less populous, Nordic countries. The "what it buys you" part is actually very interesting and probably undermeasured. I am fairly certain that the "bang for the bucket" you get from you taxes in smaller countries is much higher. Of course that's total speculation. I wonder what metrics one could use to measure return value on paid taxes and then calculate value/tax dollar paid in different countries. As a Twitter user I wouldn't like to see that happen. What other platform do you suggest I use instead? I'm certainly not a power user. I mainly use Twitter to keep up with friends and acquaintances in the tech community. None of the other platforms seem appropriate for that. Only because the fine is based on your income doesn't mean it has to be draconic. Quite the opposite. They can actually be less draconic than fixed amount fines. If you earn minimum wage a speeding ticket can be a complete disaster. If you are a tech worker you will barely notice the ticket. Even though I do not share your political views, I am very disappointed that you got down voted for your opinion. This is a very subjective topic and no one should be downvoted for holding non-violent opinions on topics like this where there is no objective right or wrong. If you had been unnecessarily profane or such that would be a different story, but this is just sad. Looks like a more polished version of https://cronwtf.github.io minus the awesome name and cat picture No. However, unless you have a captive audience you will quickly lose your education opportunity of you don't. Even with a captive audience you are likely to achieve better results if your students enjoy the topic and can feel like they are accomplishing something. Motivation matters as it turns out. What you are saying is of course true. However, I believe we also are getting the worst of both worlds right now. The state of the EU is a good example of this. On one hand more and more things are regulated on an international level. In the case of the EU these decisions are being made by representatives who were in many cases indirectly elected. If we had something like a European president people would have a much better, direct way choosing what and whom they want. It also would give a platform for previous representatives to point out what good they actually accomplished. During the Brexit I heard that large parts of the nature conservation program Natural England is funded by the EU. Yet no one knows, because it's in nobody's interest to point these things out. Local politicians will either not talk about it or pretend they did it. EU politicians have almost no media platform. A direct election would change that. We might benefit from similar institutions on a UN level or similar as well as more and more decisions are being made at those levels. I think investing in "propaganda" would be a good start. However, we don't need to do that for any other part of the government which really is a smell. What makes the difference even more stunning is that Snowden and Manning released information because they thought it was the right thing to do. Patreus did it knowing it was the wrong thing. Did you mean "2) Exercise at $100 [..]"? This to me again pushes the question when it's OK to overthrow a democratically elected government. All western governments and even the Turkish opposition came out against the coup because it was "undemocratic". However, I believe there is definitely a line somewhere that a democratically elected government cannot cross without losing legitimacy and making a coup the right thing to do regardless of the remaining popular support. Had Erdogan crossed that line? If so, what was that line? If he didn't cross it what would be that line. I'm sure we all can agree that there is such s line since we probably all can agree that Hitler crossed it although I'm not sure in his case where exactly that line was either. Maybe when he dismantled the parliament? Maybe earlier? What happens if there is no civil war? The bad guys win without a civil war? I would be interested to hear from people who are down voting this why they are doing that? On the surface this seems like a reasonable assumption given the role of the Turkish military. What does an elected leader have to do to warrant a coup? Dismantle the democracy? Randomly start killing people? Start death camps? Where do you draw the line or do you have non? Edit: typos That's the user's fault then. This is a very interesting point and I wonder if this might at some point turn into an advantage once there are enough self driving cars. Here is a potential feature: I am in an emergency and request "emergency override" or whatever you want to call it. Maybe someone pops up on the screen asks a question or not, maybe the override gets activated immediately and deactivated if it gets identified that I don't actually have an emergency. If the override is active the car goes faster and more importantly communicates to other self driving cars what's going on. Other cars will automatically make room like they would for an emergency vehicle. In general how self driving cars react to emergency vehicles of any kind could be so much better than anything we have today. If you have "self.parent_objects.children.function_nam" in your code base is a demeter violation (which I like to see as yet another code smell rather than a law or rule) that is telling you that you are probably missing a domain model. Mixins don't solve that either but hide the smell from you. Yes, especially since MiiTomo is out since months and nobody cared. The fact that nobody here had even mentioned MiiTomo which came out on iOS months ago says a lot. It's not that just any Nintendo franchise is desired it's this particular game and franchise. No company that sells Internet access should be allowed to also be in the content business. There was an article here years ago (that I'm too lazy to find via my phone) that claimed that many high end hotels got into deals with providers of paid hotel internet early on when offering wifi was unusual and more involved. At the time the service was cutting edge and pricing justified. Contacts were long running though and now hotels are stuck with it. Unless the wife has higher income in which case the husband benefits. Or maybe they even earn similar incomes... Escorts are considered part of how business is done in China? I don't understand why you are being downvoted. You are pointing out the biggest issue with the current political system in the US. It's de-facto a two party system. We could fix this by making it either a parliamentary system or changing the voting method to approval voting. With approval voting we wouldn't even need a primary and neither Trump nor Hilary would be anywhere near the Whitehouse, since they both had negative approval ratings during the primary. I think what's absurd is that we have a highly polarized political landscape that combined wit the voting system leads to a two party system. That could be easily changed by switching to approval voting. Neither Hilary nor Trump would be close to being viable candidates, since they both had bad approval ratings. As it is now everyone is just voting against the candidate they are most scared of. What's even more absurd is that the actual votes are being counted on a per-state basis. If someone where to design the system from scratch nowadays nobody would even come up with a system that dumb. Just count all the votes. What's the point of involving states at all in a federal election? It shouldn't matter in a federal election if I live in California or Georgia. It's absurd that it does! Interesting, I didn't have that experience in Shanghai at all. When did you go? I was there in 2005 and 2009. When I visited Chongqing on the other hand... Now I want to see a right turn ;) I would expect that the upfront infrastructure cost for a monorail is much higher. However, the monorail trains themselves should be cheaper. So if you know it will be a busy line the monorail should be more efficient. If it only goes infrequently this thing wins. I guess in that regard this really is really between a bus and a train. I think he is being downvoted because there are multiple explanations on here citing that the road is blocked to vehicles above a certain height. I think this is actually a very real problem. What would happen if I could sell one investment and immediately buy another investment vehicle and not have to pay taxes till I transform it to something that's obviously not an investment. If done right this should just make the market more efficient because it prevents lock in. I thought that's what those humans were that fish the whole thing empty and drag nets over the ocean floor. Previous discussions: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8440486 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9021919 The "personas"/ interests aren't working for me. This might be better solved with a more organic approach like tags that get clustered. I was hoping to get into pottery and Japanese language. The closest the app offers is "crafts". No thanks. At the same time I must choose five interests. I guess I'm back to Pinterest and Instagram for pottery and Tumblr for Japanese language. Edit: those other apps also made it way easier to get to interesting content quickly. On hello, I finally found a way to see profiles of other people with the same persona. However, looking at their profile, I feel like I'm just stalking some stranger rather than getting valuable content related to my interests. I very badly want gymnast rings and am currently contemplating where and how to install them. Any advise? Thanks! The current situation surrounding law enforcement in the US is complicated and there are many sides to it. However, I've always been of the opinion that corrupt officials in any government position are a huge thread to society especially in law enforcement since they are highly visible and thus hugely impact how society perceived justice. Therefore I always held the opinion that punishment for corruption in these positions should be absolutely draconic. On the flip side we should probably also pay more to attract top talent. I guess my dream of police officers who in their spare time have lively debates about Kant will never come to fruition ;) EDIT: Spacing That's exactly the kind of stuff that in my opinion the death penalty should be used for. Edit: if what you are saying is true that's exactly the kind of behaviour that's undermining our entire justice system and faith in the government and the system as a whole. Does anyone know what the chances are that Nintendo will force a take down of this? I know they tend to enforce their rights very strongly on YouTube, not sure what their track record is for these matters outside of that. Or worth city states like Singapore and Luxembourg Can you please elaborate on the resources in space? There is better solar energy but what else? I intuitively would have expected resources to be far better on Mars. Wow, what country do you live I that you feel comfortable keeping you door and car unlocked? I've lived I the US and Germany and wouldn't have felt comfortable doing that in either place. I use it for Jet Brains applications all the time Yes, like linking to the original: https://www.mcgill.ca/newsroom/channels/news/legions-nanorob... I think that's why we need something like universal basic income. Keeping dysfunctional companies our entire industries alive is holding everybody back and also unfair to people who are part of smaller industries that fall through the cracks. I think the "anemic objects[domain model]" is a red herring in this case. It would be much cleaner to create separate serialized and deserializers that convert your actual domain models to JSON and back. By the time you are doing something as shown in his example like building a book inventory it should be all proper objects and no primitives dictated by what should be the serialization layer. Edit: Fixing phone auto correct typo - "property objects" -> "proper objects" I don't see how this is related to statically typed vs dynamically typed. This is more a case of Primitive Obsession http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?PrimitiveObsession and a lack of a adapter/serialization layer. The biggest culture shock coming back to the bay area from a long Japan vacation was the taxi from the airport to a nearby hotel. The day before out return we had a driver in Tokyo who had approached it hotel from the wrong direction and had to drive around the block to get us to the front entrance. We were happy to walk half a block but he was very embarrassed and insisted to drive us to the front door and took way more off the charge than seemed reasonable and refused extra money we wanted to pay. Needless to say the car was immaculate. The taxi at SFO was filthy and the driver got grumpy as soon a we told him that we were going to a nearby hotel. He ignored both the directions from his navigation system which he claimed was broken as well as our instructions and kept missing roads leading to the hotel that he claimed he couldn't find despite it being in sight and us telling him where it is. When I protested and told him that I'm concerned about having to pay higher charges because of his obvious mistakes he insured me to not worry that he would take that off the charge. When we arrived at the hotel he took less than 10% off and got rude and insulting when I protested. Bottom line: I would not hesitate to take Japanese taxi any time even over an uber black. I can't wait for the SF taxi industry to completely collapse. Edit: There is a flip side to this though. In Japan it was obvious to me that people take pride in their work. Even people who drove taxis out clean train stations. The resulting quality of work was astonishing. However, I also got the impression that these people are give respect for their good work. I don't think many taxi drivers in the US respect their own work and society for sure doesn't make them feel respected. Respect seems to be much tighter coupled to monetary success and I can't say I'm free from that. This sounds very interesting and I've always been intrigued by international trade. Do you have any references where I can learn more? What makes it unique? Since this is HN a few more details would be appreciated. Have you tried getting your data back out? Getting my wife's files back out of Crashplan was so bad we eventually settled for only getting the stuff that was absolutely vital. I read Tensorflow to be the "nuclear heated" part. It's also the terrible zoning. Residential areas must at all cost be devoid of shops, cafes, restaurants etc! What you are saying is true and not true. Most people in the US live in a few urban areas. Interconnecting these urban areas with trains is super hard. However, inside these urban areas the situation doesn't have to be that different from other countries urban areas. However, I believe that US suburbs are uniquely spread out and unwalkable largely due to boneheaded zoning. That's not the public perception. If you use a password manager there is practically no cost to the user to use any number of characters. Why not go for something insanely large from the user perspective? Did you have the same bad experiences with major European or Asian carriers? In my experience those are far superior. I wonder if we humans have similar obvious weaknesses or take similar shortcuts that we are completely unaware of. Who would have thought that an ant colony would end monarchy before the UK?! A strong ruler will make the colony great again! What school was that at? I'm not sure where the market efficiency will lead us in this case. I personally am happy to pay ~20% more to fly with a non-US carrier. However, they are making that really hard. First off availability is an issue. How many different fights leave from SFO to Tokyo Haneda (I don't like Narita) on a Friday morning? Then you have these alliances where you book one airline and it gets swapped out for a different carrier. I've in the past booked a particular flight because it was operated by Air Canada and they switched it to United(?). We were flying via Canada to avoid this and still it happened. The market is not as perfect as buying soda off a shelf. I believe that if it was ahs foreign carriers were showed domestically US carriers might be in big trouble. But maybe I underestimate how much price matters to most people. Wow, THAT is creepy! Did you get fired? This strongly reminds me of things touched on in Ian Hacking's Representing and Intervening. Early on he mentions that done medieval philosophers thought that crabs emerge out of tree trunks and later transform into ducks. Obviously that's total nonsense from our perspective but it might be a good enough heuristic like the world being flat is a really good assumption for everyday use. What Google services dies Cringe tie on to that you find inappropriate? The search integration for autocompletion as well as the cross device syncing seen very fitting for a browser to me since they help me getting to the content that the browser should enable me to view. Does it integrate with anything else Google I'm unaware of? It's also a security issue and you should set up CSP to prohibit online CSS. See a random Google search result http://dontkry.com/posts/code/disable-inline-styles.html or like I did read "The Tangled Web" Edit: that's obviously a non-issue in this particular case since everything is static. But as a best practice this needs to be considered and inline CSS doesn't make you a boss. Yes, of course that's correct. And I wouldn't have felt that pointing out that it can be is necessary if he hadn't written that he is inlining it "like a boss". That makes it sound like it's some awesome best practices we all should be adhering to. Why not do both and be safe if your sensitization has a bug? That makes it even crazier to me. Wouldn't it be better to not have a bump? The bump on my 6S always makes me nervous when laying it down. I would feel much better about it if it were completely flat rather than the camera of all things sticking out and being the major point of contact with the surface it's on. I think it's more differentiated than that. There were big efforts to have convoys of trucks drive themselves on freeways many years ago. Freeway driving seems pretty solved and save at this point and probably more reliable than human drives. So not realising that does no good. Driving on icy country roads with pedestrians walking on the side is a totally different story. So I think we need to look at this by functionality. We will only learn sooner by releasing mature functionality sooner and can fund research toward more automation. I don't think this is fundamentally different than releasing a web site with all the features you could want on day one. Granted it's like a website handling incredibly important operations that you don't want to go wrong. But that's similar to banking websites, health care applications etc. We didn't insist surgery robots to be a full surgery replacement day one. Given the enormous size of the U.S. I think a comparison to western Europe is not inadequate. I know it's comparing a single country to multiple, but given the size different that seems fair. The only other countries that seem like fair comparisons in terms of size would be Russia, China and India. I don't know either of them very well, but understand at least India to be very diverse. Do you have any advise on how you accomplished that? Meditation? I think that entire conversation has been spoiled by the organized abrahamic religions. More often than not when we say "religious" or "believe in god" we are referring to the concepts described by these religions in overly vague and at the same time overly specific terms. Do I believe that wine turns into Jesus blood, humans lived with dinosaurs, some guy talked to god who appeared as a burning bush or anything like that? Hell no! To me those stories are en par with fairy tales and all somewhere on the spectrum between opposing things we know as a fact and things that are so incredibly unlikely that they aren't any more worth thinking about than anything I might just make up or read in a sci-fi novel. In fact I think that it's scary that there are people who actually believe that those things are true. So in almost all conversations I will identify myself as a vehement atheist. At the same time I have no idea if there aren't incredibly powerful beings somewhere that have the power to create whole universes that many would describe as gods. I also don't exclude the possibility that the universe is sentient or maybe even mankind or the entire earth is a sentient organism of some kind. Maybe the entire universe is a giant computer or simulation run by some more advanced beings. If those things were true they probably could be compared to religions believes. However, I have trouble calling myself agnostic. I think that that theoretically would make me agnostic. However, I have a hard time calling myself that because I am so repulsed by the naive fairy tales commonly associated with religion. At the same time I also don't think it's worth devoting much effort to thinking about these things, since they are questions that tend to make no predictions that we can proof or disproof. I find it disturbing that society approves so much of asking childish questions like "where do we come from?", "where will we go?", etc. It's obviously just a mental rabbit hole and there are no real answers to these questions and anyone who claims to have answers to these is a liar or a fool. Unfortunately the big religions claim to have these answers. To me that makes any nuanced discussion about "religion" almost impossible with most people including myself, since I first and foremost want to distance myself from fairy tales. Edit: Typo "there" -> "they" + clarification. I think what you describe would nowadays better be described as "spirituality". The term "religion" has mostly been hijacked by organizations that give you a book and claim they are the only ones to have the authority to interpret it or worse claim it has to be taken literally and interpretation is a sin. It's all very sad. It's ok if the first RC had breaking changes but after that you should have only bug fixes between RC versions. It seems unusual that some breaking feature got for some reason left out from an earlier build that was considered a potential candidate for release. I didn't understand the article to be against suburbs but against the cul-de-sac supporting layout that makes it hard for people to get around without a car. If suburbs were designed differently we could have both space and easier walkability and bikeability. How would you feel about a grid with parks sprinkled in instead of cul-de-sac? I have a small public park across the street and it gets heavy usage from the kids that live around it. Traffic is still pretty low despite the street connecting the neighborhood to the main thoroughfare that leads to the freeway. My wife used to own a home in a development in California that was actually designed around cul-de-sacs. However, there were walk ways between houses that allowed you to get around on foot quickly and be in less than 5 minutes at a small mall that had a grocery store, cafes etc. That also might solve some issues discussed in the article. I do think that the boneheaded zoning in the US that practically aims to ruin walkability is as always a huge factor as well. Not caring about collecting rent often leads to empty houses that now nobody can live in. That's about the worst that can happen if we want to get housing costs down. Yes, this always seemed like a really easy to solve problem to me as well. I hear the poachers are very well armed. However, it seems like a few (military-?)drones that circle the area 24/7 could solve this problem once and for all. I think a sibling post hits the nail on the head though by explaining that in Kenya the problem is really political. What's the largest team YC has accepted? Is there a way to get judges in East Texas prosecuted? I've also had great success with this to have different scroll direction for trackpad and mouse wheel. In what country are you getting disgusted looks for that? Neither my wife nor I are Asian. We do it all the time and never get bad looks. It's not only density but also separation of different usage types. Thank you for the explanation! Do you also have any insights into the US obsession with keeping different usage types separated in addition to low density? I just don't understand how anyone could see it as a bad thing to be able to walk to a cafe or small grocer. That and low density doesn't seem obviously mutually exclusive. Yes, realistically if you were to have a conversation with an experienced advisor like the article is staging that wouldn't happen. However, the article reflected exactly how I felt trying to do more JS again a few months ago after not having done much JS for a few years. Obligatory link to Patio11's gem of an article about this: https://www.kalzumeus.com/2010/06/17/falsehoods-programmers-... Edit: phone typo John Cochrane made the best statement about this I've heard so far on Econtalk a few weeks ago: http://www.econtalk.org/archives/2016/09/john_cochrane_o.htm... His point is that it's not about the quantity of regulation, but the type of regulation. In short he sees two types: 1. Regulation that I can read and now I know what to do and not do. 2. Regulation that requires me to consult an expert and apply to some government agency who then tells me if I am allowed to do something or not. Obviously the second type is the bad one. You cannot properly plan. There often is no guaranteed time frame, you have no proper recourse and ideally have some kind of fixer. This type of regulation also tends to give large businesses an edge over small ones, creates large overhead for the system as a whole and ultimately hurts innovation. I think it would help any discussion about regulation to carefully differentiate between these two types of regulation. I also am not sure how you would identify this with confidence. Sure, I can see the tests haven't failed on CI. However, maybe the tests fail all the time while the tests are being run during development. I think the cost of unit tests when changing code also varies with the quality of the design. If your code manages to some degree to follow the open/closed principle you should be able to just throw out some of your classes. On the other hand that also implies that maybe in those cases the unit tests could have been tossed earlier. However, there always will be things that won't be extended but actually need to be changed and you won't know in advance which is which. I do however like the idea of unit tests as a scaffold that guide you to build the right thing and then you toss them. Usually I have only very few construction sides in my code base that I am confident enough to burn the scaffold down. It would be an interesting idea to TDD a project and always delete all unit tests after you are done with them and only keep cheaper acceptance tests around. Maybe you would actually ho faster He makes a ton of suggestions on how to simplify regulations. Among other things he wants to do taxing corporations altogether because according to him they eithe avoid them or pass them on anyways. Listen to it! You will enjoy it! I agree that for most programmers it's more valuable to be able to communicate clearly, both in person and in code with the future reader. I don't understand why we can't build up? I wish building regulations for cities were the opposite from what they are right now and only permit buildings over a certain height (20+ stories as a starting point?) so that we aren't wasting space. In SF I often times hear earthquakes as the reason (not fully buying that because there are many tall buildings in earthquake areas including SF). It probably all comes down to NIMBYs. It always was very interesting to me how so much bad stuff is on the front page and meanwhile there are some gems in their platform (like the top IMDB movies listed in the article) that you might never find out are there. Many years ago they made it much easier to discover content but then they did this massive redesign and made it impossible to find stuff. A few years ago I just pulled a list of movies via their API that listed movies ranked by their prediction of how much they think I will like it. That was super useful. Why doesn't Netflix do this? Meanwhile they suggest me movies they themselves predict I won't like. This is interesting to me because it's so bad that I can only conclude that they must have incentives for making suggestions to me other than me watching something I like. Do they pay licensing fees per vote? Do they pay different fees per view for different movies? I would love to know the details! This can't be said often enough! Whenever I am driving somewhere new I constantly have to look at the screen to see on the map what the turn after the upcoming one is going to be so that I can chose the right lane. For that very reason my wife and I still tend to have the passenger navigate which comes down to supplementing the Waze directions which information about what lane to likely chose depending on the turn after the next. To me this seems like a obvious short coming and I am surprised it's not a feature one can commonly expect. What always bothers me with most interview questions is the focus on hard technical stuff that's very easy to acquire and forget and easily relearned. I much more care about a candidates capability to write code that's maintainable. The hard challenges we are facing in our jobs are rarely hardvore technical issues but usually just being able to keep going at a fast pace without drowning in the legacy code we wrote last week. A better comparison might be the Transrapid Maglev in Shanghai. It goes 320km/h and it was incredibly smooth because it's levitating Portugal decriminalized all drugs in 2001 and they seem to be doing very well with it and have very few drug overdose related deaths. They have [3 deaths per million citizens]( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/06/05/why-h... ). I wouldn't be surprised if we had more drug enforcement related deaths in the US. Just put it behind the free Cloudfare protection. If you don't use the term "jihadi" because it's too positive you also should refrain from using the word "ISIS/ISIL" because that gives them being a state and Islamic. I understand that "Daesh" has a much more negative meaning and those guys hate being called that way. I find it astonishing how positive Bloomberg tries to spin this: People earn a wider range of incomes in the U.S., so “workers have an incentive to try harder to move up the job ladder because a promotion is worth more,” said Dora Gicheva -The income range in the US is so large that there are lots of people at the bottom end who have to work multiple jobs. How much does that have to do with the longer work hours, Bloomberg? Generous pensions in Europe are also a strong factor in discouraging older people from working, the study said. In the U.S., more people over 65 are working than at any point in the past 50 years. The U.S.’s shift from traditional pensions to 401(k) plans makes it harder for Americans to know when it’s safe to retire. -This sounds less like people in Europe are "discouraged" from working, rather than many Americans must work longer because they can't retire. Edit: Formatting Does that actually apply to every field? I've only worked briefly as a software developer in Germany and not full time, but I never got the impression that unions would realistically stop anyone in that field from working till midnight. If you are working as a factory worker for example that's of course a totally different story. However, I doubt that people in that kind of job regularly decide to put in a few extra hours on some days and are usually on the clock. I've actually found that most QA people I've worked with were good at deciding what to test but were awful at writing automated tests. Of course that's purely anecdotal and based on a very small sample size. I like to believe that I sometimes will forget to test for edge cases, but have mastered how to write tests. I don't think that how to write tests is easily acquired by any descend programmer. However, you need to learn a few patterns you otherwise won't need. About self driving cars in general: I am very concerned that self driving cars and speed limits are going to be a very annoying issue. I can see them drive way slow in semi-complicated situations annoying all other drivers. There are also many places in the county where it's normal and seemingly expected to go 5-10mp/h over the speed limit. Of course self driving cars will stay under the posted speed limit. I hope that in the long run we will be able to innovate on how we deal with speed limits especially once the human driven cars are off the road and hopefully illegal. But till then I can see lots of road rage coming from this. I agree that city driving is a more complicated issue. Freeway speed limits are a much easier case, but maybe I'm just missing driving on the Autobahn. Totally agree. I think they are great for what some people refer to as "exploratory testing". In the Expanse series they solved Ceres' gravitation issue by speeding up rotation and walking on "the being" of their tunnels. Sounds like the concept for a great sci-fi novel. Because Time Warner's competition needs to rely on AT&T's network to deliver their content. Have you read "The hard thing about hard things"? I found it had very little padding and was loaded to the rim with valuable information. It has offered Edward Snowden a new place to call home. I love Iceland. I truly do. My wife and I visited twice last year. I think it would be a wonderful place to live. Given a choice between Russia and Iceland I would pick Iceland without hesitation (although I have to admit that I have never been to Russia). However, I do not believe that they would be able to protect Snowden from the CIA. I hope Snowden sees this the same way and stays safe in Russia. Yes, please! I suspect lack of lane discipline to be the single biggest disadvantage US freeways have to American's. I would love to test that at least via simulation. I would expect that two lanes with lane discipline are better than three without. Potentially even better than four. Wow, not to distract but my mind is completely blown by how completely unusable that website is on mobile while not obviously broken. The sharing widget makes it completely impossible to read. Is it my skewed perception or have cafes stopped being places to drink coffee and have great discussions. They now seem to be mainly filled with people on laptops or on their cel phones. I also miss European cafes with waiters... There is no good money in delivering bits. That's why AT&T wants to buy Time Warner and that's why Google Fiber is shutting down. The only way to make money is price gauging in areas where there is a competitive market. There is really no way to stand out from the competition other than a better price per bit. Obviously there isn't much money in that. There also is really no way to make your customer actively happy other than pricing. Even if you do anything right the only time you will be noticed is when something is broken which is often times unavoidable (storms, lighting, broken equipment, incompetent customers, etc.). Bottom line it's a shit market to be in. The only reason to innovate is because some competitor was foolish to sink money into better, faster infrastructure that most customers don't care about and now you gotta catch up. So there are only incentives to screw customers one way or another and integrating innovation as much as possible. I'm not sure how this can possibly be turned into a functioning, competitive market. Please tell me this isn't a joke! Well, the little town in Germany I went to school in used to have four awesome family run cafes with great service and even better products. I believe there is now one left. Instead there are now self service bakeries and fake Starbucks. What country are you in? What's the best way to profit from rising sea levels? Investing in land that's higher up in our nearby coastal cities? I am wondering if by the time we wake up it's too late for renewable energy. Given that the methane is literally exploding out of the ground in Siberia it already might be too late. I am afraid it might be a likely scenario that the hod outs especially in the US will go from denial to resignation. I'm not saying I want to make climate change worse or lobby for it out anything. Unfortunately climate change is happening and there are indicators that we already crossed the line to runaway climate change (methane coming out of the permafrost). Why should I not try to make a profit from this fact as long as I don't make it worse? How is this different than running a funeral home? Everything about their engine and viewer was still do bad last time I checked that I would be shocked if they could possibly pull proper VR off. I never understood why the controls completely reinvented the wheel instead of being more like what we are used to from video games. I think it really depends who you are sharing the space with. To me it's very valuable to have the other engineers from my team and the PM as close as possible. Especially with a lot of pair programming going on being able to overhear stuff is invaluable. Having some sales guy nearby on the other hand has no advantage and is only distracting. I love a good meal and often plan my holidays and trips around them. However, lunch at work I an office park makes it hard to get good prepared food. It's also expensive. I love cooking, but I also love other things like programming and ceramics, so my time is limited. Soylent strikes a nice balance between nutrition and convenience for occasions where I don't have time and/or don't want to spend the money. I would not otherwise eat z Chicken McNugget but probably a at best mediocre sandwich or cereal. I agree with everything you say. However, my point was really about the HUD and keyboard and mouse controls. Just moving around used to be so hard and unintuitive. Not sure if it still is because I haven't logged in in years. I am not sure if developers and designers fill a similar function as sneaker heads do for Nike. Those savvy consumers are also influencers and trendsetters who keep the brand strong. I found the idea to be startling in this context. However, the idea itself isn't all that crazy. I believe CAA (Creative Artist Agency) had done something similar to sell their bundled talent packages for movies. If I remember correctly they bought up a huge amount of screenplay rights and then bundled them with their own actors, directors, etc. Do you mind to elaborate which pays you though were imagination but were proverb? Are you referring to the sun amplification and the way sophons are made? Those are the parts I assume(d) to be BS. The sophon thing seemed so bullshitty that it required some effort on my part to not be pulled out of the story too much by it. Being European with a grandfather who was one of the few German survivors in Stalingrad, having grown up with a view of my grandparents home that had a wall that looked different than the others because it had been hit by a bomb I have a hard time relating to your argument. I do agree though that the characters and writing in general could have been stronger. That's unfortunately the trade off with hard sci-fi though. Have you read much other hard sci-fi? You typically have to read hard sci-fi for the ideas because the writhing trends to be mediocre at best. Try reading the average story in Analog and you will see what I'm talking about I recently spent quite a bit of time diving into Rust and modern JS and very much understand why old tutorials are treated as none existent by many learners. Half the time I found a tutorial it was outdated. But because I was new to all of it,I didn't know and needed to bang my head against the wall longer than necessary. I'd rather go with a less well written, decorative tutorial than a excellent one that might be outdated and not work anymore. If someone were to go back and at a note at the top with a timestamp staying that it's still all correct the situation at least for me would be totally different. Not sure how well that reasoning translates to Indian learners of a more stable language and eco system like Ruby. I also never thought that the UX was particularly good. It looks pretty, but some fundamental stuff is hidden and when I was new to OS X I never knew when I had to switch to terminal. To me the real reason to run OS X is that I never have to fight with drivers or my xconfig. On Ubuntu plugging in a projector to give a presentation was always more exciting than it should have been. I more often than not had to borrow someone else's Windows laptop. I also can't count the times apt-get update replaced my proprietary Nvidia driver with an much worse, open source one. Last time I gave Ubuntu a try a few years ago it actually managed to destroy the firmware on my external screen. I just want a Unix based system that works. I honestly think the religious tendency that some OSS developers/advocates have is holding the whole thing back. As a user I don't care that much if it's OSS. It's nice if it is, but if not it's not big deal for me. Sometimes closed source works better and it's annoying when the OS goes out of its way to direct me towards OSS. For example it would be great if Linux where to point me at the newest Nvidia drivers for my Nvidia graphics card instead of replacing them with some open source drivers. In fact it would be better to not even implement open source drivers for the graphics card and instead spend the effort elsewhere. I think those people are a minority overall and the fact that we keep investing effort to make those vocal few happy is what keeps Linux on the desktop from reaching a larger audience. Normal people don't care if they can get the source code or not. They might care if it's free in beer, but certainly not that they can look at code they won't understand. Why need how the freaking clock works instead of just agreeing on changing working hours? I like to go running before work. That was really annoying this spring because it finally was bright early enough to do that and then DST came and ruined it and made me wait another few weeks. I have huge issues with DST and how we measure time in general (24hours, 60 minutes, 60 seconds?! Who the f* came up with these crazy ass numbers?!). But what bugs me much more is the insane calendar. 12 Months with arbitrary numbers of days. That's just crazy. In the very least we could make it so that January to May have 31 days and the remaining months get 30. ideally we would switch to the positivist calendar. That would make everything date related trivial, easy to remember and calculate. Are you kidding me? I know it comes from the ancient Egyptians. That's not a fix, that's an explanation and it's an explanation that makes it even worse. It's the equivalent of a conversation that goes like this: A: Why do you guys have these weird variable names in your code that you touch every day? B: Well, the company was started in the 70s by a bunch of Egyptians who named their variables in Egyptian. A: But they are all gone now, right and nobody here speaks Egyptian anymore? B: Yeah. A: Why did you never rename it? This stuff makes it really hard to ramp up. B: *shrug* Only that this happened 2000+ years ago! Plenty of time to refactor that shit. It's even worse if you look at the purposefully broken month names. September to December are named "7th" to "10th". However, some arrogant pricks decided to inject their own names as months in between and couldn't even bother fixing the months whose names they now broke. And nobody bothered in the meantime to go back and fix it. It's 2000 years later and instead of fixing it we coerced most of mankind into using this obviously broken piece of crap. EDIT: Formatting I don't think I am misunderstanding you. I think the question is what do the Linux maintainers want to achieve. Do they want to build the ideal OS for themselves or do they want to bring Linux to the masses? If they want to make the ideal system for themselves then they obviously should keep doing what they are doing. If the primary goal is to bring Linux to the masses than closed source will have to be embraced more. I personally don't care much for myself right now, since the OS X laptop + Linux on the server is still working great for me. Yes, I think it's the same as what I know as the "positivist calendar". I love it that the first of every month would always be a Monday. It would be so beautiful and almost perfect. It is a intuitive visualization, but also makes it hard to tell when things actually change. I can't believe this is the first time I've seen anyone compare Trump to Berlusconi. It's spot on. If a coder falls asleep at the keyboard nobody else gets harmed in the vast majority of cases. Coders also have a much wider range of jobs to pick from. I'm not a fan of complicated git flows, but are there really people who force push to resolve conflicts? I mean professional developers who do this on real projects? The article mentions a dating app for female friends. Anyone know of something similar for men? If anybody pulled in the meantime and they don't know you are forced pushing they also might get in trouble because of your force push. If you have conflicts on a feature branch I guess you aren't the only one working on it and as soon as that's the case force pushing is generally a bad idea unless you coordinate carefully with the test of the team. The only time I ever force push is on a feature branch that only I work on and I want to amend the commit I just pushed a second ago. I could see how SF government would now not put separators up even if they originally planned to just out of spite. I took his point to be that Apple encourages you to go the insecure route and just trust them instead of teaching their customers good security awareness. Apple doesn't suggest to you to wipe your phone, they tell you to just trust them. A better analogy from the physical world would be a locksmith who tells you to just leave your keys under the door mat for him so that he can come in and do the work when you aren't home. Not inconveniencing non-technical users cannot be underlined enough. I'd rather write this in C++ which I haven't touched in ten years than explaining my parents over the phone how to install Python or even just a screen sharing solution so that I can do it. I'm still traumatized from trying to get my dad to visit 192.168.1.1 in his browser. Are there any countries with comparable inequality and diversity? Only South Africa and maybe Australia come to mind, but I think even those lag behind on diversity quite a bit. I totally got your point and you actually convinced me of it. I do wonder though if given the diversity and disparity of income banning guns wouldn't help getting the homicide rate down. Even though the guns aren't causing the issue (as you well demonstrated) they might be exacerbating it. We are not gonna make the US magically less diverse and unfortunately won't close the income gap over night. I was still curious though if there are other countries with the same diversity and wealth gap. That's what prompted my original comment. I'm concerned that AR will make this worse rather than better. The amount of dopamine that we will get from constant AR we glasses or contact lenses is going to be devastating. Just look at this artist rendition: https://vimeo.com/166807261 Or maybe we could give drivers tickets for that kinda stuff instead of almost exclusively giving tickets for speeding which I especially on the freeway believe to be a comparatively small problem. I think you are spot on with the bathroom. It's unbelievable to me how much time people seem to spend in there now. The last two times I've arrived in SFO and went to the bathroom I had to wait for a stall I ended up waiting about 5 minutes till anyone came out of the stalls. Meanwhile you hear notification sounds coming out of some of them. Likewise at work some people disappear in the bathroom for close to 30 minutes. I am becoming more and more in favor of installing jammers in public bathrooms. Yeah there is nothing more annoying than looking at where Waze wants me to make the next crazy turn and the directions are blocked by a notification. I take my eyes off the rainy, busy road to ensure I am turning into the right street and instead see that I received recruiter spam. Can anyone elaborate why this is getting downvoted? It's interesting to look at the maps in your link. It seems like Phyton is popular in more countries, but ruby IDs more popular where both are present. I think the goal of mathematical notation is precision rather than ambiguity. Yes, the example seems awfully complicated for what simple thing it's trying to state. However, if you read it out loud it still sounds complicated. It's a simple concept, but it's hard to communicate without room for ambiguity. I know I'm probably gonna get downvoted, but I cannot not bite. I'm super happy I kept my Saturn games. I still play them occasionally and some of them are very valuable now. I also hope you meant PS3 or PS4 when you said "PlayStation" and were not trying to revive a long gone console war that was very painful for some of us. It's inconveniencing other drivers on the road and much more importantly this erratic stopping from a human perspective might make it more likely to cause an accident. Granted the accident would legally be the meat driven car's fault who bumps into the suddenly stopped Tesla. It would still be nice to play well with human drivers who don't have the luxury of relaxing in a self driving car. I don't want my car to be like the creepy telepathic dog from "A boy and his dog" that is always looking for partners for his owner to mate with. Of course you are correct. However, we don't need to make those incidents more frequent than then already are. This would be a disaster for me. Whenever my wife and I are traveling in the US she is the driver and I am the navigator. My phone will be connected and I have to "translate"/enhance Waze directions for her and take care of the music. So none of that would be possible anymore. Would be the same BS as some cars that won't allow me to pair my phone while my wife is driving. I guess we would just have to use the phone speakers then. I think the parents point is that we have seen in some places (Netherlands?) that a dramatic increase in organ donors happened when they switched from opt-in to opt-out. Those things aren't mutually exclusive. I've worked with plenty amazing people who enjoy their job at which they write fabulous code and then go home at regular hours and spend many hours on their personal projects or just playing around with new, interesting technology. Unless you own part of the company you work for that's probably the smarter thing to do. What I find concerning are people who write mediocre code 9 to 5 but don't do anything to improve their skills on their own time. I think what makes this regulation problematic is that it's not exclusively the type of regulation where you read the regulation, understand it and now you are good to go. Instead it's largely the type of regulation where you need to write an application/proposal, send it to done government office, call in favors to get it processed in a somewhat timely fashion, argue about interpretation of regulation, update your plans, wait months, have no proper recorded, etc. I think that type of regulation is very hard to automate, unpredictable, very expensive and largely what gives regulations in general a bad rep. I've been using jq quite a bit lately and agree that the docs would benefit from more complex examples. However, I've been able to get some fairly complex solutions done with jq. Do you have a concrete example of something you are trying to do? Didn't downvote you but here is my guess: it should be save to assume that Apple will approach developing software that drives a car completely differently than the consumer software they typically produce where bugs in the very vast majority of cases do not result in physical harm to anybody. Any sane software developer/company would. It would be foolish to develop your music player like it's a car or airplane and it would be foolish to develop your car like it's a music player. Edit: fixing phone autocorrect issue. Why not just tax for vacant homes, regardless if foreign or not? This is one of my favorite short stories and such a fantastic metaphor for climate change. That is indeed a more interesting interpretation. Thank you for making this already great story even greater to me! Every time I see photos of the big gas planets like this, I imagine earth orbiting the gas giant and feel very, very small and get what feels like mild vertigo from the overwhelming scale. This is truly wonderful I wonder how this compares to the Pirate Parties Liquid Feedback voting system. On first glance they seem similar. Yes, they made a ridiculous marketing speak non-announcement about that about a month or two back. I've really come to value sorry non fiction books. Too many non fiction books seem to repeat the same point over and over. Less danger of that on a short book. My favorite non fiction author is Ian Buruma. All his books that I've read are short but loaded with information and are highly diligent about giving references. I think the OP's usage of "harder" was about the consumer situation if the company screws up and not the challenge for the company. I can see that during a relatively short transition period but hope it won't remain that way. Once all cars are autonomous we can do incredible things. For example traffic lights to regulate traffic between cars will be obsolete. Cars can just adjust their speed way before the intersection so that they just miss each other at the intersection. Likewise we can avoid congestion by cars registering for their route in advance. We could raise the speed limits on freeways and other roads that only have cars on them or even remove them entirely since the cars will know better what their limits are than some blanket regulation. It also will be much safer, since self driving cars are likely to quickly become safer drivers, but we will also remove erratic behavior that humans display. For example there won't be no more people who cannot zip properly (currently the majority of US Americans), no more cars not speeding up properly on the freeway on-ramp and then slowing everyone down on the freeway, no more weird stopping and slow driving by drivers who are lost. This will make the overall traffic situation much more predictable and safer. That's why I said "traffic lights to regulate traffic between cars" Unfortunately you are probably right with that, especially in the US where people value individual freedom over pretty much anything else. I expect Japan and China to be first with having meat driven cars and the US and Germany to ban them last. Not banning them will come with a tremendous economic cost. I totally agree that those are all valid concerns.However, I am confident we will get those things figured out. Maybe the congestion won't be that bad because autonmous driving services might encourage ride sharing. I for one already sometimes use Lyft Ride for longer trips. Maybe we can increase incentives for that? Communities could create a fee for single passenger rides. In a way car pool lanes are similar to that and already might accomplish something like that. On the less punitive side I can see something like convoys decrease fuel consumption. My university in Paderborn, Germany was working on something like that for self driving trains over ten years ago. Of course it's much harder with cars, but we also have come a long way. I generally like this idea, but wonder if it would result in even fewer disclosures. In that case write higher level tests. TDD works best and provides most value when you go outside in. So your initial test would just determine that you expect to see "hello world" printed. Maybe on the next level down you now have to do some validation and you have to define how the interface (not used in the Java sense here) of the function or object or whatever looks that does the validation. The key thing here is that you don't need to think about how that will actually work on the inside, but how you want it to be exposed. As you start to TDD that portion of your code that implements that new functionality your tests shouldn't care too much about how the code under test is implemented, only about its outside behavior (this might include calls to other functions though that ideally get mocked). This process makes it easier to many practitioners to increment on functionality that they don't know in advance how to implement. That's why it's called "test driven development" and not"test first development". All that being said, determining the right amount and granularity of tests is certainly much more of an art than a science and friends on the developer(s), what the system is doing, framework and the language you are using. I definitely write many more tests when I'm writing Ruby code than when I'm writing Rust. I'm also very new to Rust so we will see if that lasts. >"They have less primary & secondary education relevant to today's enterprise issues" What primary and secondary education that gets out of date matters much for a software developer? Algorithms, complexity etc. don't change much. The technology changes so much and is do vast that what fresh graduates know won't help much. The only thing I as a hiring manager value about a university degree is that it signals that you have enough discipline to see something through even if you don't always like it. There are plenty of people who can't or don't want to do that. If you can't do that no amount of smarts is gonna make me want to hire you. The entire drive to hire "passionate developers" makes me very nervous. It's a double edged sword and most people don't want to see it. Yes, passionate developers are more likely to stay up to date on technologies and are also more likely to put in extra time. However, they are also much more likely to use technology that isn't ready yet and overcomplicate things because of some misguided aesthetical sense or best case spend way too much time gold plating the wrong thing instead of providing business value. The cost of those things is generally much higher than someone going home sightly early or not knowing the very latest JS framework. Edit: phone auto correct shenanigans I suspect failing fizz buzz typically is caused by nervousness. I've one gotten so nervous in an interview that I'm certain I couldn't have implemented fizz buzz either at that time. I've also seen it on interviewees. As the interviewer it also sucks because you can't be sure it's nervousness. As a European living in the US I believe what is holding Europe back more than anything is the fragmentation. Companies like Google and Apple come out of the US because of the pro-business policies. However, I believe the gigantic, relatively homogenous market is by far the biggest advantage. If Europe spoke predominantly a single language and had largely the same regulations Europe could stand a much better chance. That's too often overlooked and the lack of a European Google or Apple is just blamed on socialism. I believe that to be true. However, I think the reason why we are trying this form of gateway communism now is because labor is becoming less valuable and owning the means of production is becoming more valuable due to automation. At least that's the theory. Because of this the resulting increase in minimum salary for any service to be provided by humans should be less impactful as it would have been in the past. If this wasn't the case we wouldn't need UBI. I think UBI is becoming important because there is an increasing number of people whose participation in the workforce is not needed anymore. It's not a prerequisite for what they are doing, but it's a prerequisite to get political buy in to go down that round rather than spend more effort on trying to enforce behavior that seems to be unenforceable. Of course you could try both at the danger time in theory but that seems like a much harder sell given most political systems. I guess you are referring to German copyright law. But I don't think even there it's legal to make a copy of you are just renting the movie. If you look at German power generation at this very moment you will see that they have huge wind and solar capacity, but the energy right now is mainly coming from coal. I'm not sure if I should prefer nuclear or coal to step in in these wind still winter days. Of course more energy storage would be even better. Yes, building them would be. However, not shutting the existing once down because we learned that tsunamis can threaten nuclear power plants on the coast is a different story. Don't get me wrong I honestly don't know if nuclear is better than coal, but think it's a viable discussion. In all my daily work OOP design skills always have battered much more significantly than knowledge of any of these algorithms. Yet I've never seen anyone ask about SOLID for example. My wife had a even more annoying case of this in SF. They actually set a trial date, she went, sat on court for hours and then when the trial came up it turned out that the cop who had given her the ticket hadn't shown up and she got to get home and get the money from the ticket back. Then it took the city about a year to pay the money back. Just imagine we had taken a year to pay the ticket... Patents and copyright work quite differently and patents aren't really appropriate for software. Patents allow you to be too granular in what you protect to make sense for software. I think a good comparison would be protecting combinations of two musical notes in music. This would dramatically impact creation of new songs because you are protecting something too trivial. The equivalent happened when software patents first were introduced. Yes, that's a very different point that I mostly agree with. In addition the secrecy that also gets caused by rampant copying also would be/was a massive issue and was the driving force behind the introduction of patents. Of course patenting "XOR" and protecting the stupid mouse forever are a totally different issue as you pointed out. I wonder why there aren't stronger laws against that. To me destroying our cultural heritage is one of the worst crimes one can commit. I'd be all for draconic punishment of destruction of historic artifacts. Is that really such a rare view? I feel that the introduction of "HD" came with some issues for computers. Previously we saw a much wider variety in screen resolutions and thus had more choices. "HD" introduced fixed resolutions that non-technical users could relate to. However, those resolutions were optimized for movies and nothing else. Ever since we are dealing with resolutions that make sense for watching movies on big TVs. For TVs and movies 3k doesn't make much sense. Nobody will try to sell you a 3k movie. There is huge marketing money spent on "4k" thus everyday Joe doesn't want to settle for "3k" even if it would be better. It's sad. My biggest issue is lack of physical barriers between bicyclists and cars. I'm too afraid to take a bike because of it. I already don't trust other drivers when in a car. I also dislike it when riding a car because you frequently get weird issues around turn lanes etc that are shared with bikes that behave completely differently from cars. Well. To be fair the developer is upset that the MacBook pro doesn't come with 32GB RAM. I wonder if there are actual statistics about this. I only know one person who uses Apple Mail. That Google is losing out to Amazon on this is to me largely attributable to Google always struggling with marketing. I constantly hear about Alexa. I didn't even know till now that Google has a new personal assistant your thing that's not Google Now. If I as someone who works as a programmer and reads HN every day don't know, how many regular consumers do? It seems to me that Google mainly is able to get attention for their outlandish projects like car and Glass that go nowhere. That's probably because those products get tons of PR for free. This is very interesting. Can you recommend a store? If the money goes to taxes I'm afraid it will lower the employee's salary. How about going by the highest salary offered instead? That would ensure that the pay stays competitive and foreign engineers don't get hired just because they are cheaper. If you study a STEM field in the US with F1 via you get some time to do work in the US to get practical experience. It's up to you to do that work during it after you graduate. I did it after. I believe that allowed me to work here for two years. After that time you could switch to H1 and now have some experience to drive your salary up.