I'd say it's more of a security concern than anything. The thinking being that you don't want a potentially disgruntled employee with little to potentially lose have access to your systems. If you're interested in the big data side of things there's Spark ( http://spark.apache.org/ ) and MLlib for it ( http://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/ml-guide.html ). H20 ( http://www.h2o.ai/ ) also provides ML algorithms on top of Spark (and I think independent of Spark as well, not sure of the current status). These are all written on the JVM either in Scala (Spark) or Java (H20). The first question is what you want out of life, do you want to be manager, and executive, a technical lead or do you want to be purely technical? All four offer promotion paths at large and (increasingly) small companies although staying technical will hit an age issue eventually. They are also very different tracks. That said, it sounds like you want to be an executive and let's say one at a larger company (ie: not a paper executive but an actual one). The skills you need for that are going to be leadership, management, charisma, politics, and networking. Since you're not going the technical track your technical skills are secondary at best. You want a nice title on your resume so pick a top company and join there. Find a manager who is not afraid of your ambition (a career middle manager will likely be, find someone with ambition), act like a leader and get promoted. This will give you pedigree while also teaching you about politics and management. You will eventually hit diminishing returns. Then, like the people you mentioned, jump to a startup as one of the founders or the person running it. This will teach you how to be a standalone leader, build up a network, and give you some executive-ish experience. It's vital you have the skills at this point to impress people at first impressions and maintain a networking relationship with them. Then either get acquired by a larger company or switch after a while using your network to find the new position. That's nothing new, if you pay $1million (or $500k depending on the area of investment) then you can essentially get a green card as it is: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EB-5_visa That seems a pretty standard stack, I don't know about twitter but I can say why I'd use them in my experience: 5. SQL variants: This is where you keep your source of truth data needed to serve request. It's flexible, reliable but moderately fast. The backbone of your infrastructure and you can consider everything else as enhancements to it to overcome specific limitations. 4. Blobstore: Your SQL database is not going to be good at storing large binary blobs such as files or images. 3. Redis/Memcache: Your SQL database may be too slow for some requests and/or it's data model may require too much work in the API layer to align with the final presentation model. So you want a blazing fast store that you can use for that final presentation view when requests don't differ from each other. 2. Graph: SQL databases aren't the best for graph queries or data (I mean you can hack it but it's going to be slower and uglier code wise) so if you need to look at data as a graph something dedicated makes sense. 1. Hadoop: You're getting lot's of log data from users, what they do, when they do it and so on. You want to analyze this data, build models (who to recommend for people to follow for example) and use it to probably serve ads (gotta pay the bills somehow). You could put this in SQL but it's a lot of data and you'll be doing a lot of read requests which will end up being slow and messy in SQL. Hadoop, on the other hand, is well suited for this type of data and workload. Large slow read heavy queries on data that is appended to but not modified in place. Why would the cost go up if more food isn't eaten? >I guess they weren't risk-averse enough in their operations though, so I'm glad I didn't get through. It sounds like it would have been an uphill battle all the way to make changes to keep things sane. I think they were risk averse which is the problem except they were judging against the wrong candidate profile. The risk adverseness meant they never hired anyone who diverged from their incorrect profile. As others have said, abrasiveness isn't a virtue especially in a role that requires others to change their behavior. There are in fact diplomatic ways to convey the same information which have a much higher chance of causing others to listen and getting everyone to adopt new processes. That someone is diplomatic and knows/care about their stuff are not mutually exclusive. That said, depending on their interview process they may be selecting out candidates who even diplomatically disagree about the existing ops processes which results in less than stellar hires. How is this any different from native code? Afaik, you can access the native compiled source code of an app on a jailbroken phone. Sure it's more of a pain to parse through but security through obscurity isn't security. >A society can't function if more than 10% of the population is in distress and that's exactly the purpose of insurance, the many helping the few, not the other way around. Who says you're going to get a random sampling of the population? Those more prone to needing insurance money are going to be more likely to sign up and thus drive that 10% much much higher. >Chrome has a built in spell checking service - which happens to send keystrokes up to Google. AFAIK it's enabled by default. I just checked, it's off on my install of Chrome so likely it' not on by default. The regular spell check is purely local. >if tech is a meritocacy then why are most jobs made through social connections? How do you judge someone in a meritocracy? Interviews? Not reflective of actual work. Also trivial to bias in favor of one group due to culture fit elements. Short term projects? Exclude people who have limited free time (generally the more senior/older ones). Resume? Trivial to lie on. References? How do you know the reference is competent? Social connections are merely another, imperfect, attempt to judge someone's merit. Specifically you trust the judgement of someone whose merit you have already proven in an actual job environment. Why do you assume that VCs don't know this rather than assume that the market creates forces which make them not care? I'd guess there is more money floating around than there are startups which meet all the metrics. Thus there's investment in riskier ventures (remember it doesn't matter if any startup succeeds as long as the fund comes out on top as a whole). Moreover startups which do have all these metrics may have many competing VCs which in turn lowers the return for the VC. >Most current trends seem to be towards increasing baggage. (docker) I'd disagree, docker for example makes it easier to create infrastructure as code which in turn makes it easier to replace pieces of that infrastructure. Same with micro-services which allow you to eventually replace isolated pieces of your infrastructure. The more modular and isolated pieces of code and infrastructure are the easier they are to replace piecemeal. Sadly Backblaze fails the main criteria of my mental checklist: * Can it backup linux machines? They basically fired their whole US engineering team from what I understand: https://www.reddit.com/r/Crunchyroll/comments/5oug4a/apparen... The issue is also one of false-positives. Even if you could spot fake accounts 100% of the time if you also flagged 1% of legitimate accounts as fake by that approach then it's non-viable. Remember that at Facebooks scale a 1% false-positive rate means 20 MILLION accounts. That's too much to even try sending for manual review. >If you're going to take a dump on the street, litter or shoot up drugs and leave your gross needle laying around, that absolutely should 100% be illegal. This doesn't have to do with being homeless, and everything to do with having bad manners without consequences for your actions. And now you're paying 10x as much to house them in a jail while probably increasing their chances of future illegal activity. Good luck getting anything else to actually stick to people suffering from a mix of medical issues, mental illness, and addiction. >Once you’re coordinating groups of people you need a manager to keep them working together towards a common goal. No, you need someone to coordinate them. It does not need to be your manager. Plenty of matrix and matrix like organizations which have split the two. Managers just need to enforce who that person is and resolve people (not product or business) disputes. >There can be advantages in that the developers more often can do the tasks passably well enough that you can spread tasks around, but if it's not accounted for a lot of the time people are fooling themselves when it comes to the costs. It is cheaper than hiring a full DevOps team which is a better apples to apples comparison. By spreading the load across the dev team I can automatically get a high bus factor and 24/7 hour on-call rotation. If the load cannot be spread across the team but requires specialized DevOps engineers then I lose both those very important points. Obviously once your company is large enough it's different but for small teams/companies it is an important factor. >I mentioned that approach, yes. But it can backfire if the team member is makes big mistakes. The non-technical manager will have a hard time identifying bad decisions before they blow up. Why do you assume an out of date and no longer practicing manager will have a better chance of catching errors than causing them? There is a reason you hire experts and that reason is not so you can ignore them. If you're afraid of a single point of failure then you foster a collaborative blame-free culture where the engineers cross check each other. I've had managers who would agree with you and generally they were bad managers who hadn't realized they were no longer Senior ICs. My experience agrees although proper management training/mentoring can alleviate some of the issues. However the timeline I've experienced is different: * You have a great engineer or lead who knows the project inside and out * They are promoted to management. * They still know the project inside and out plus were recently coding so they dictate how things are done technically. It works great. * They get put on a new project which they don't know inside and out. * They dictate how things should be done technically because it worked for them in the past successfully. It works horribly. >most of the room follows my instructions Be aware that this works only because you were technical lead of the project and recently active in a hands on capacity. It will likely fail you once you are on a new project that you don't know technically and your skills are years out of date. So learn to find, trust and nurture the experts on your team instead. >One very simple thing they could do that might be helpful is provide an easy to understand guidebook for understanding the quality of various healthcare providers. Sort of a Michelin guidebook for healthcare Define quality. I think more broadly people just don't think as much as they should about what they really (and realistically) need in a hire and if their hiring process actually selects for that. To me a Senior Engineer is one I can trust to implement a successful project end-to-end with minimal hand holding. In some environments that means technical leadership or project management over a team. In others it may mean being a domain and tech stack expert who can do it themselves. Other times it's someone who can quickly jump into a new domain and get things done. >Calculating the value of your data is pretty easy actually. No it's not. You're mixing up the value of the data with the value of your attention. The world has made a killing off of advertising long before personalization came about so saying it's all due to personalization is a bit silly imho. It's not like advertising didn't exist before the internet so blaming the tech giants solely for it's impact on society seems odd. They didn't create advertising, they simply took away advertising money from other mediums. Google made plenty of money from search and search advertising before personalization. By that logic an ad in a travel magazine is using your personal data. I personally wouldn't consider search ads with no data being stored or user level history being used as not being personalized or user targeted. They're to me no different from an ad in magazine or a static banner ad on a web page. Presumably they purposefully hired those VR engineers in the first place in which case they should have just hired more Security engineers. >You have two sub-problems here. Either you take endpoint security very seriously (which becomes its own much more important bullet point), or you trust employees to encrypt their devices on their own. This process should be entirely automated. My concrete criticism: mention this problem alongside endpoint security. Do you have any recommendations for endpoint security? I'm setting that up now and finding a good vendor has been annoying. >Precisely how are your engineers reviewing “basic” security without basic qualifications? There are standards and checklists for this (ie: OWASP Top Ten). Being able to read and follow a simple checklist, that someone recommends to you, doesn't mean you're even close to an expert in that area. That said, the OWASP Top 10 includes "Logging and Monitoring" on it while this checklist punts it to Series A, so it's confusing. Infrastructure as Code is a useful thing and this is essentially building on top of that idea. For example, you can spin up an exact copy of any environment automatically including all software running on it. If something utterly takes out an environment you can spin up a new copy of it and be certain it's identical to what was there before. You can rollback and manage multiple pieces of software at once if there's dependencies between them. You have an automatic and immutable audit log of who did what and when. Using git you can keep track of all infrastructure related changes in one place instead of trying to piece together information from multiple sources when debugging. She's was a Sysadmin at Facebook from what I can tell. Interesting, they used to have Wikipedia data and now it's gone from the list, anyone know why? >Candidates pair with members of the engineering team, and work together on problems/projects in the actual CircleCI codebase. This seems like it'll bias to those who can quickly ramp up on a new code base in an unfamiliar environment. Which, in my mind, is a distinct skill from being able to contribute quality code to a code base you already know. I wonder if this is known and acknowledged bias or not at CircleCI. I totally agree that everything introduces bias, I was more wondering if this was intentional/understood bias or accidental bias. I wonder if this just means they know so much about people from first-party data they've collected (including their share buttons on other sites) that the additional performance gains from third-party data weren't worth much. In which case you've now built a centralized medical record storage system. And since people lose their keys all the time and you don't want that to cause them to lose all their medical records you also now have access to their medical records in plain text. Interesting, in the US credit cards have much stronger protections and essentially any fraud is fairly trivial to get a charge back for in my experience (merchant eats the cost) without any impact on you. With debit cards fraud will drain your bank account instantly so there's less incentive for anyone to fix it (it's not their money in limbo). I also believe, but may be wrong, that up to fairly recently there were also stronger legal protections on credit card fraud versus debit card fraud. >You don't find Kubernetes needlessly complicated? Do you actually need Docker or Kubernetes? They make life easier in my experience especially if you need something more than a simple self-enclosed application. For what I do we need Apache Spark, Airflow (which in turn uses RabbitMQ and Celery if you want to scale out), possibly JupyterHub (which also needs some way to spin up child servers), and then the application code itself. I've wired some of it up myself in the past and it's a massive pain in the backside with lots of edge cases (Spark used to have a shitty massive python script for cloud deployments which always was missing something). Deploying it on Kubernetes with Docker on the other hand is rather simple. I basically trade the complexity of Kubernetes/Docker for the complexity of custom deployment/scaling/management code. In my experience, the code quality of the former is going to be much much higher than the code that an internal DevOps team outputs. Which you'll likely want with any DB since analytics workloads are very different than the usual production DB workloads. Why? Technically speaking, simple ETL is easy to automate and not too much maintenance headache. Twitter is arguably successful so why would you consider their decision to be folly? It worked for them. Startups have limited resources. If you devote them to solving tomorrow's problems then you'll be beaten by someone who devotes their resources to solving today's problems. Which is neither json or yaml... It is however the push recently in Spark seems to be for better/faster Python support more than anything else. Probably because Databricks makes it's money from it's hosted notebooks environment which caters more towards non-engineers (who in turn would be more put off by having to learn Scala I'm guessing). I've used it for the last month+ now and it's not quiet there yet. Setup via terraform was mostly fine although the default subnet sizes were too small (since the networking layer seems to over-allocate IPs you only get 30% of the IPs usable for pods). The metrics backend is broken so metrics based auto-scaling of pods doesn't work. Also, r5 nodes aren't supported by the networking plugin since someone forgot to add them into it. User authentication for access to EKS is somewhat awkward. Also, the user role that creates the EKS cluster has magic admin access which I can't find a way to control. Because someone figured that they will make the most profit at that price point taking costs into account. Keep in mind that there are also presumably per student costs for things like grading assignments, exams, virtual office hours, etc. edit: Profit as institution, not just on this program, devaluing their in-person MS programs by charging very little for the online version would be a net negative in profit for example. Most likely tracking down what originally populated the variable and how it's used. I'm assuming the code base was large and spaghetti like. I'd say it's somewhat akin to proving a negative. Sure you get that it's a const, reference and function argument which likely refers to the Last Name Column. However is that all it is? Or is there more meaning in the name? Meaning that could be crucial to understanding how the application functions? Does one of the characters mean function reference or does it refer to something else? Apparently not in this case but how can you know without investigating? And prions are regular proteins just folded a bit differently but they give you mad cow disease. Biology can be tricky and even small differences can matter. Now how do you separate out a recruitment company who has solid experience engineers on board from one that doesn't but says they do? I've seen many of the latter and many founders who thought they were getting the former in the deal. Define experienced engineer. I've seen many on-paper experienced engineers who would be worse than a junior engineer on a project. >oh yeah I've seen that before, lets not do that here's why Which can actually be a pretty bad way of going about it imho if you only use your own direct experiences for that. Just like science, basing your decisions on a limited number of anecdotes is problematic because small biased subsets are not representative of the whole. >You have to make a decision based on something. And like science you can base it on the collective experience versus your personal experience. Preferably from rigorous studies but we mostly lack those in CS. So hopefully you're reading books, blog posts, studies, conference presentations, discussing with colleagues, etc. >this is why in most serious technical interviews today, you will often get asked about your past experiences. Interestingly the top companies seem to be focusing a lot less on experience and a lot more on problem solving/system design/etc. Preferably for an internal project you have a trusted delegation chain that would catch the issue early on. >Simply integrating with 365 isn’t enough to justify its use for anyone who knows any better. But compliance may be. For example, Slack charges a lot of money and requires a lot of users for actual HIPAA compliance (as in signing a BAA, everything else is marketing fluff). Teams, from what I can tell, comes with a BAA out of the box. >Slack charges what, $12/user/month for the full version with compliance and auditing included? The $12/user version does NOT include a signed BAA which means it is not HIPAA compliant for all intents and purposes. Like I said, anything without a BAA that says it's HIPAA is useless marketing fluff designed to confuse people. Only the Enterprise Grid product is eligible for a BAA and I believe even then there's some large minimum contract fee. >substantially Wow, that's a legal landmine. Is there even a legal standard or consensus for what "substantial" means? >If the instance runs at higher CPU utilization for a prolonged period, there will be an additional charge of $0.05 per vCPU-hour. This seems to be the same as the T2 unlimited instances. Interesting that it's now the default and only (?) option. My reading of the comments is not that it must be free but that it must be well designed (legally) and without BS. Saying it OSS + Something when that Something makes the whole thing not OSS is disingenuous and somewhat fishy at a minimum. It's marketing BS designed to make the whole thing seem better than it is. Engineers tend to dislike marketing BS. If it's no longer OSS then that's fine but be fully honest about it. When that Something is furthermore legally ambiguous and with many open questions that also a valid complaint. Lawyers are expensive and Engineers overall dislike dealing with them. A license that requires and invites lawyers is naturally not going to go over well. For how long is the question to me, per the blog post: >Redis’ permissive BSD open source license allows them to do so legally, but this must be changed. Doesn't seem like having Redis core contain enough useful functionality and staying BSD lines up with their vision. Based on this interview from 2016 Salvatore agrees with the issues of BSD and cloud vendors so he may be a lot more amenable to a license change than you suspect: https://venturebeat.com/2016/06/19/redis-creator/ >But now, for the first time, GPL could be interesting again because of the cloud vendors. Because with BSD, cloud vendors are able to extract a lot of value from an open-source project, to the point of making it very hard for the project’s initial creators to make a business out of it. Let’s call it the “AWS problem.” The AWS problem, technically, could be enough in some way to create problems for the whole open-source ecosystem. Now people know that if they start an open-source project and put a lot of effort into it, they could be marginalized by AWS. That could mean that GPL would return again as the primary license for open-source software in the future. Another problematic aspect of this is that to me the Redis situation seems like a corporate grab of open source software after the fact. By that I mean, Redis Labs are not the creators of Redis. They are a consulting agency that then hired the creator of Redis. In other words, they only exist because the original Redis was not Commons Clause. Now they want to build a moat so others can't do what they did. Not a good precedent. Reminds me of Databricks, the company founded by the Apache Spark creators. More and more of what they do is fully proprietary and at least one their previously OSS module is now proprietary (Redshift integration). They also boast of how much faster their cloud offering (running on top of AWS) is than other Spark cloud versions (running on top of AWS) which makes me suspect there's performance improvements that they're not open sourcing. They have a right to do it but then they're making proprietary software and people who like open source software are free to not like/support them as a result. >So basically Apache has two separate projects doing the same thing As someone else said Airflow and NiFi are decently different. However, Apache having multiple projects that overlap is pretty common. Streaming you have Flink, Spark and Storm. Batch processing you have Flink, Spark, Hadoop MapReduce, Hive, and Tez. Serialization you have Avro and Thrift. Columnar storage you have ORC and Parquet. Batch ETL management you have Oozie and Airflow. NoSQL you have Cassandra and HBase. That's just off the top of my head. I agree in principle but I've first hand seen what happens when a company that has grown doesn't get the tools it needs. A ticketing system, for example, is how you create a unified view of what matters and what should be worked on. Otherwise it becomes a game of politics and social cunning down to the IC level which is not how I want to spend 8 hours of my day. The Toyota system seems fairly different than a diesel-electric train system to me. As I understand it in a diesel electric system the three components (diesel engine, generator and electric motor) all do one thing the whole time and there's no batteries. In the Toyota system however the electric motors can flexibly act as either motors or generators. The gas engine in Toyota also doesn't need to always be on to provide power. EKS pods use the VPC networking layer so I think they meet the criteria. They use secondary IPs attached to instances rather than virtual IPs. I’ve been able to route to them from non-EKS instances in the same VPC. >That said, I think the main point is that his manager and some of his colleagues ganged up on him because they felt threatened, and that resulted in him being let go. >That does indicate a problem for Google if true. I mean, if his writing is a reflection of how he behaves then why is this a problem for Google? Getting rid of toxic people in a company is a positive and not a negative. >Nov 09, 2018 05:59 >We will provide more information by Monday, 2018-11-12 11:00 US/Pacific. Wait, did the people tasked with fixing this just take the weekend off? Fair point but still seems odd that the people providing updates took the weekend off during a large scale customer impacting issue. I'm sure all the people spending the weekend trying to mitigate the impact of this on their infrastructure would love to have timely updates. I appreciate all the effort you're putting in and I understand such situations can be stressful but user's having to depend on someone responding on hacker news for status updates seems really amateur for an organization the size of google. The default you linked to has not been updated in 2 days... which is my whole point regarding having to rely on hacker news for any status updates. edit: The default is also only about the UI issue and there's no issue tracker for the broader non-UI disruptions going on since Friday. >This is a problem in the web ui creating additional node pools, there is a very simple workaround to use gcloud. What major impact are you referring to? Based on comments in this thread even gcloud is failing and so are other non-kubernetes services. Which may be inaccurate but there's a lot of people saying the same thing so maybe it is. You're right however that the linked issue is only about the UI. So Google isn't even tracking the service distribution issue in it's issue tracker much less updating people on. I personally think that's even worse... >Just to clarify, what should this update contain? "We're working on it", possibly an ETA for a fix or some details. Technically it's fluff but people are not machines and the update is for people. We like the feeling that people are working on a fix, that people care and that the end is in sight. It makes the situation less stressful and, as for why Google should care, less stressed engineers won't bad mouth Google as much after the fact. Right now we don't know. It's one of two possibilities from what I can tell: a) Google had a global service disruption that impacted Kubernetes node pool creation and possible other services since Friday. They had a largely separate issue for a web UI disruption (what this thread links to) which they forgot to close on Friday. They still have not provided any issue tracker for the service distribution and it's possibly they only learned about it from this hacker news thread. b) People are having various unrelated issues with services that they're mis-attributing to a global service disruption. Simple, the cost of an outage is less than the cost of a support contract. Very few things are really mission critical as in they can never go down. Rather they simply have a cost to going down and you can choose to pay that one way or another. >Google's mature products like Ads, Docs, GMail, etc are amazing. Until something goes wrong and the only recourse is to post an angry Hacker News thread or call up people you personally know at Google to get it fixed. For example https://techcrunch.com/2017/12/22/that-time-i-got-locked-out... . I mean, western companies promoted powdered milk to developing countries which likely has indirectly killed a lot of babies. They also promoted smoking, pollution, petroleum, prescription narcotics and a lot of other things that have killed a lot of people including babies. The world is not stable, technology is not stable, your competitors are not stable and your customers' desires are not stable. If you don't try to grow then eventually you'll start to shrink. Chrome is fun, today I learned you cannot turn off auto-complete for a page in chrome. Possibly some really creative hacks can do it but those seem to be "fixed" every so often as well. Which is great when you're building a HIPAA compliant page and would prefer that people's medical information not get cached by chrome (and then uploaded to their cloud storage if you're logged in). Where did I say URL? I'm talking a POST based form. Put a value into it a text field and Chrome will helpfully save it for future auto-completion. Then it'll upload it to your account on their cloud if you're logged into an account. How do you think it's able to fill out your name, address, etc. on all those web forms? I personally find that claim dubious since I don't think there are 150 units available in all of LIC and it takes a non-trivial amount of time to buy a condo. So for 150 to sell in a week that means there must be 300+ in flight which is basically impossible. Plus for a single firm to do that means there must be, what, 5x as many across other firms which comes out to 1500+. I somehow doubt that 20+% of LIC's total condos are in the process of being sold within a few weeks. My guess is that there's some sort of velocity/acceleration threshold. So since the elevator car was still attached by other cables it didn't fall fast enough to trigger the mechanism earlier. >But I think they had/have more than enough money to be a strong player in the enterprise market. I've dealt with their business division(s) recently and it was nothing but headache after headache. Things didn't work (and no one knew why), opaque convoluted processes, weeks of waiting, 503 errors when trying to pay, etc. For comparison, AlphaZero used 4 TPUs and the same number of cores. So more computing power but not absurdly so. >but um now we need governments to stop us, please? I read it more like: "we now need governments to stop our competition by creating a much higher barrier to entry than we had to deal with." In this case it's almost the opposite I think. MS has good technology and that is why they would want regulation. If there's regulation then any potential competitor will now have a much harder time creating a competing product. Interesting although apparently still experimental. Does anyone know if Drone has good support for a monorepo? As in, on a PR only running tests for the projects which have code changes in that PR? With CircleCI the solution we use is really hacky. If I open a question then I basically get nothing but that question (and similar questions) show up in my feed. For someone who has passing interest in random topics (so I click on a random question every so often) suddenly having nothing but repetitive WW2 tank questions in my feed is annoying. All those topics I was told to select, btw, mean nothing apparently and never show up in my feed nowadays. I took the chance with their data breach and required password change recently to just stop using the site altogether. Two week notice during the holiday season seems pretty sudden and painful for users. I feel bad for those who now have to scramble and probably miss time with their families as a result. Yeah, definitely not fun for those impacted. In my eyes it's evidence that you definitely shouldn't bet your company on a startup unless you have a backup plan that you can implement quickly or the benefits are massive (ie: the reward is worth potentially losing your business). Larger companies also kill products but they tend to give a lot more heads up. Sure Google can and does shut down products but they tend to give more than two weeks notice during the holidays. >If this is ok with thermodynamics then so is using lenses. It's okay because solar panels are not perfectly efficient while lenses are, in theory, perfectly efficient. That efficiency loss is in essence the "cost" of moving heat from a colder to a hotter place. I'm guessing, but don't quote me on it, that solar panel efficiency is related to the temperature of the sun and the local environment just like any other heat engine. >Each new platform takes time to write support for and we have a long list of features requests. We'll get there! And until you write that support do you still take tips and send them to the whois account holder of the domain? Or do you block tips? Because I find that I do not fully understand a problem and it’s potential solutions until I am working through it in reality. >In fact, you could argue that the GDPR concentrates power in the hands of those megacorps That's pretty much par for course with any regulation. Regulation creates a barrier to entry for new players which means that existing players benefit. Just like Microsoft wants AI regulated now that they're an established and large player in the space. If there's enough of a net benefit for consumers is a separate issue. Is it a joke? Does the average customer care more about saving $10 or protecting someone's copyright? I'd argue given the how prevalent copyright infringement by people has been that they'd rather save $10. So Amazon is doing exactly what customers want which is cheap goods irrespective of everything else. The linked story is mainly about copyright infringement of artists and that is what I responded regarding. You're talking mainly about trademark infringement and I agree that Amazon is screwing over their customers regarding it. Of course, their end game is pretty clear in that area. Buy "AmazonBasics" products and you're certain they're legitimate. >Specifically, what's stopping a competitor from eating Paypal's lunch right now? There's already regulations (or industry rules) regarding money laundering, credit card processing, credit card charge backs, international money transfers, etc, etc. That alone creates a decent barrier to entry. Then there's other issues such as merchants lying, customers lying, refunds, stolen accounts, etc. PayPal closes accounts (and so on) as a consequence of trying to deal with all these issues. I'd posit that PayPal does not suck because it's PayPal but because of the product itself and anyone who tried to fully replicate it would run into the same issues (and thus suck just as much). >You still think in a for profit manner, where healthcare in most countries is not a for-profit endeavour. And in the US it's not. Assuming that you can simply remake a massive chunk of the economy (hospitals, doctors, nurses, clinics, etc, etc) to be government owned is silly. People will protest, lobbyists will be paid and it won't happen. If your only solution to the problems people point out is essentially magic then, no, it's not a valid solution. >Sure, but adequate and auditable documentation need not involve the patient nor money. Since almost all healthcare in the US is private (hospitals, doctors, clinics, etc.) then, yes, it needs to involve money since all those entities will want to get paid. And, no, the government can't take it all over since everyone will fight it (and win). >Just a "here is the medical care we dispersed, on this date, to this person, it took these resources, these people administered the care." No following up every record for payments, no arguing with insurance companies over the price. This is basically existing medical billing without the follow through (what was done, why, when and by whom). Not sure why you think money (ie: paying hospitals, doctors, etc.) needs to be removed from the equation for it to work. >The only reason there is medicare fraud to worry about right now is because not everyone is supposed to be on it, the "fraud" is attempting to get free health care. Which wouldn't exist if everyone had it. Fraud is also doctors, hospitals, etc. billing for things they didn't do or didn't need to do. Your website seems to be down right now. >Nobody would choose to drag around every historical afterthought in the development sequence of long forgotten software going back three decades that no longer builds with current tools, just so they can work on a small library off in a corner. If it doesn't work then it should be deleted. If it's still running somewhere then it should be maintained. Presumably you have a CI system so the monorepo actually requires everything in it to build. In my experience, it's polyrepos that allow for dead and un-maintained code to just sit there for eternity. You forget about that unused repo right until the moment the service it deploys to (if you can track down that dependency) needs an update or goes down. Monorepos can more easily force system wide CI that checks for broken dependencies or other issues. >not something your devops/release engineering team will thank you for. It's their job. If they actively don't want to do work then you probably made a hiring mistake somewhere. By that logic what DevOps really wants is to the company to shut down since then they'd have none of that tedious work to do. You're making a lot of assumptions about how such a move would be done which I don't feel are warranted. You're picking the hardest most painful option and then using it to claim the process is painful rather than that the option you chose is painful. If I was moving many small repos into a single mono repo then I'd do it one repo at a time. Presumably your small repos are independent entities so there's no reason to do a single massive switch. Transition each repo to the new build system inside the existing repo. Once that works then you can transition that repo into the mono-repo and tie together the build systems. No need to stop releases, no massive chance of everything failing, no weeks of debugging while the world is stopped, etc. Rinse and repeat until everything is moved over. Process becomes more optimized and less error prone with each repo that is moved over. Why weekends? Small moves means you do it during the week and during regular working hours. Done in branches with CI support so that it's pretty unlikely to break anything. If doing regular releases require you to be spending your weekends then you have bigger issues to fix first. Spread it over however long it takes. Why are you trying to make your life more difficult? Apple has a financial incentive for making the browser as bad as possible for anything complicated. After all, they don’t get a 30% cut from browser apps. >I'm kind of surprised by these 'browser is so bad' comments. Anyone here tried to make a browser before? Anyone make one less buggy than Safari? So? By that argument almost nothing can be compared or criticized or discussed. Also, people aren't saying that making a browser is easy or that they can do it better or that Safari didn't do it well. They're saying that Safari did it badly compared to other existing mobile browsers. You don't need to build something to be able to compare it against something else. Per the comment from abrowne Firefox does not do hardware acceleration by default on Linux for any hardware. So same as Chrome for Nouveau but Chrome does support acceleration for other drivers out of the box. It seems slightly easier to enable it for Firefox but both browsers provide a way to enable acceleration if you want to take the risk. Chromium said they'd do that if someone tested which Nouveau versions work fine and provided a test suite to use. Ilia Mirkin (in the link) said he tried to run their test suite but got errors on the latest Nouveau (possibly due to a browser issue). So as it stands now Chromium doesn't know which if any versions of Nouveau are stable. For those interested in what Caltrain itself thinks here's their latest presentation on plans and expectations for 2040 (which was put out after the linked blog post): https://www.caltrain2040.org/wp-content/uploads/CBP_November... Caltrain thinks on the high end they can get ~243k daily riders by 2040 up from the current 62k. That's actually a bigger capacity growth (3.9x versus 2.9x) than the blog is talking about although the blog only goes up to 2035. Caltrain seems to be thinking along similar lines although who knows how much of this will pan out: https://www.caltrain2040.org/wp-content/uploads/CBP_November... You're free not to work on backend javascript (or other interpreted languages) but many people would (and do) disagree with you. I'm curious why that's the case and under what conditions it applies. Constrained geography means that, physically, you can fit fewer people within the same commuting time which means prices should go up faster given demand than otherwise. Given an external source of demand (ie: hot area for whatever reason) that seems a bad combination for a healthy city. It's not just a bitter pill but a very expensive one. That's, what, 50 miles of tunnel at a cost of $300 to $800 million per mile (based on other US projects). That's $15 to $40 billion total which is a massive investment (BART's budget is only $700 million per year) and I somehow doubt even the high end captures the full cost (once NIMBY get's involved). Sure but then you get past that density into territory where the price per square foot means everyone lives in shoe boxes and/or is priced out. Higher density costs more money per square foot to build. Cheaper and faster does not mean it's cheap or fast. Traffic needs rerouting, existing underground infrastructure (water, power, etc.) needs to be handled, stations need to be built, ventilation needs to be built, etc. The BART Berryessa Extension was above ground (even cheaper) and still cost $230 million per mile. So, yeah, I doubt cut and cover would be anywhere close to cheap. >Manhattan is an island Surrounded by a giant empty plain which people commute in from (as in it's population doubles during the day). And there's constant issues with wealth inequality, homelessness, living conditions for the poor, etc. Money is not the only measure by which a healthy city is defined. >Those are factors of all underground construction. Yes, my point exactly. Underground construction is not cheap. >What's your definition of a healthy city, and why does massive sprawl satisfy it so well? Now you're putting words in my mouth, just because I don't agree with your extreme must mean I hold the other end of the extreme? >all conversations I believe Alexa only streams what you say after the trigger word and not all conversations. Assuming you believe Amazon. Sure. But most people trust corporations with almost all their private correspondences, photos, internet browsing history, shopping behavior, etc. So at that point how much is there to lose by adding everything you say into the mix as well? >But I doubt it'd make sense to use bamboo to build my house in snowy Norway, rather than locally sourced lumber. Based on other comments a bamboo house (baring some kind of treatment and/or constant maintenance) may not last long in your climate due to differences/fluctuations in humidity/temperature. The US lacks labor laws which means hiring people is a low risk activity since you can easily fire them. You can also work them for 60 hours a week and 52 weeks a year. The labor laws that do exist, for example in California, are about workers being able to switch companies versus them not losing their jobs. That means you can quit your job, start a startup, hire people, shut down the startup and then find another job with ease. When you need to give two months notice to just leave a job that whole process slows down significantly. I'm not familiar with Unity so I have a few questions which aren't clear to me. Why is SpatialOS running Unity code in the cloud? Presumably a Unity client can talk to an arbitrary server backend over standard network protocols, right? Was it simply easier to write the backend in the same SDK as the frontend? Does Unity provide a networking layer that works better with both sides running Unity SDK? >It was my understanding that the degree to which those can be enforced in California is limited. California limits non-compete agreements and anti-moonlighting clauses however, as far as I know, does not limit NDAs. MongoDB's new license does not in any way prevent you from using MongoDB in whatever way you want. It simply requires you to, in some cases, release the changes you make to it publicly. You know, like the GPL did before companies found that a SaaS model let's you side step the release changes requirement. MongoDB did use the AGPL and still had issues with companies trying to argue they didn't need to release their changes. So they switched to their own license which was even more explicit on the matter. >What problems did MongoDB run into? Can you link to any specific instances? MongoDB does not specify, to quote their FAQ on the new license: >As a result, we have observed organizations, especially the international cloud vendors, begin to test the boundaries of the AGPL license. >I think the best way to find talent is to do a trial run for 1 - 2 weeks and see how good they are at taking fuzzy problems and breaking them down into actionable steps, then executing. Except even if you could get someone to do that it doesn't filter for the right candidates. Someone who can quickly get up to speed in a foreign domain is not the same skill as being able to build great systems/code/etc in a domain you're familiar with. The day to day of a programmer after the first X months if the latter and not the former. Happened to me, Macbook now has a useless display and I can either spend $600+ or have an overpriced desktop. Didn't even use it that much. Every few weeks there's a story about something in Google's automated machinery failing a customer with no recourse except to post an angry blog/twitter/hackernews note and hope it get's noticed. The core issue (bad and powerless customer service) isn't fixed and all that changes is the particular way it may bite you. The problem is that there's two very different things achieved by the H1B process: a) Getting talented entry-level employees who graduate from US schools to stay in the US b) Getting talented experienced employees to move to the US The H1B is actually rather bad for b) due to the long processing time (6 months) during which a candidate cannot work in the US and high chance of not winning the lottery. Revamping the O1 visa makes more sense for that case. So that leaves a) for which salary requirements based around experienced employees make little sense. >Without that, I don't think it's that much attractive. Given that salaries can be something like 5x what you get in Europe for the same experience level with lower taxes there is a big reason. Probably even more compared to places outside of Europe. If you're working at a large tech company making good money then healthcare doesn't matter (since you got solid medical insurance), school district doesn't matter (since you can afford to live in the good district), labor laws don't matter (in fact their lack is probably why you're making 5x the money) and social security doesn't matter (that's what saving the decent chunk of money you make is for). That's fair and you're free to make that value judgement but you seemed confused as to why someone would make a different choice. >Who the heck needs a motorized desk????? A motorized desk is effortless and thoughtless so it's probably a lot less likely to break your flow versus having to spend 30 seconds turning a handle. Interesting but far from an account compromise on it's own. You still need to know the user's password in the first place and, I believe, you can't repeat the attack once they change their password. So if they change their password a second time or enable MFA themselves you're blocked permanently. So it allows for a existing attack to be prolonged one time and possibly makes it harder for a user to realize they're still compromised. I can see some value in a targeted attack on an individual although only if they don't respond by turning on MFA themselves. >I'm not saying we should purposefully agree on killing all but one framework, but the ideal situation is if one or two come out at the top as being just the best in their category so that everyone just use them, and all efforts converge towards those. That assumes you can have a single framework with all the features people want without causing issues (conflicting basic designs, high cost to maintain, deployment costs, configuration costs, etc.). >I believe it drastically reduces adoption of these tools because many of us avoid what appears to be bandwagon technologies as we don't want to consciously add layers of future technical debt when a majority of these projects will be abandoned. Doesn't seem to be impacting adoption of the major ones from what I can see (Spark, Kafka, Flink). Assuming you're at a scale where you need these technologies. Which most companies are not so it's a good thing they don't implement them just for kicks or as "future proofing." If you have a business problem that the main frameworks can't solve then trying out some of the other ones may be worth the cost. There's also ongoing support for older frameworks (Storm) so it's not like your code becomes useless. The approach open source is taking to resolve this issue is to embrace the diversity but create unified APIs on top of it. Apache Beam and Arrow for defining data workflows and data exchange formats respectively. There's also always SQL which works with a lot of the more data warehouse solutions out there (with some tweaks per solution unfortunately). The article is a bit ambiguous to me about whether it was 40 minutes after landing or 40 minutes after they failed to restart the engines. The former is sensible to me since it'd take time for them to try to restart the engines and make sure the plane is otherwise safe (probably some kind of checklist to do as well). Some other articles on this explicitly say it was 40 minutes after landing. >And then the pointy-haired boss will demand that the pop-up is fixed. Which they can do by finding a way to load a lot of JS that doesn't trigger the popup (someone below mentions running eval on a png). This will likely make the site even slower to users but there won't be a popup. I've found it best to never assume that intelligent creative people will choose the specific approach I want to solve a problem. It's ambiguous to me because the runway would presumably be closed as soon as the plane got stuck and not after waiting for the engines to restart. So the obvious reading of the sentence doesn't make sense. Yup. I work in healthcare and one story I hear is about readmission rates to hospitals. Basically, you don't want people to have to go back to the hospital after a procedure due to complications. So it makes sense for Medicare to reward hospitals and surgeons with low readmission rates. All good. Except for one little problem, there's one kind of patient that never ever gets readmitted. A dead one. And studies have shown that decreases in readmission rates are correlated with increases in morality rates (at least for certain procedures). If it's a choice between giving my CC to a random web merchant that likely doesn't know technology (so non-trivial chance that they or their third party payment processor are compromised) or using Paypal to pay then I know which one I'll choose. >There's zero risk to us consumers for stolen credit card numbers, so why would I care about that? Because doing charge backs, getting a new CC and updating everything which is using the old CC is an annoying use of time. Reddit provides a pretty large amount of features (once you include advertising, moderator features, subreddit customization, image hosting, etc.) while WhatsApp provided a very small number of features. As a note, Reddit is already running their own in house ad platform and have been for a while. >Does it really take that many people to maintain an already-working web site? Probably. Unless you want to get shut down/sued for all the child pornography, narcotics trading, violent threats, doxing, etc, etc which people will use your site for. Not to mention all the other attempts to directly exploit, hack or manipulate your site. And larger scale tends to attract more bad actors. >Is the problem with that that it becomes too easy to doxx someone? That we like having a centralized authority that we can "trust" for authentication / authorization / pseudo-anonymity? Dox, send child pornography through, use to sell narcotics, plan hitman assassinations with, etc, etc. Not to mention all the fun stuff organized bands of miscreants can do to other people. Just look at Wil Wheaton's adventure with Mastodon for an example. My argument is more that people would prefer to not be on a platform where they are at the mercy of organized miscreants or one that is known for lots of illegal activity. So centralized platforms provide a layer of safety that people want. It's really hard to make a platform that allows broad speech, is actually decentralized/p2p (ie: rather than just federated), and is safe from organized abuse. As for the government, I believe the government is fallible, corruptible and that privacy has value. The government can keep up but in doing so you tend to lose more freedom than you had before. For example, Australia's new laws on encryption which would, combined with mass traffic surveillance, lets them know everything you say. So I'd prefer the government not care enough to actually solve the speed regulation problem because doing so puts dangerously much power in it's hands. Latency is likely higher/less controlled with a p2p solution and mobile devices can't easily be p2p nodes unless they're on wifi. >their technology _only_ kicks in if the user experience can be improved by using peer-to-peer I'm curious on how well that works in practice. I'd imagine there's more failures modes versus a regular CDN even after the initial decision of P2P or CDN. For example, you're downloading from another user who suddenly closes their app or whose network connection degrades. You can handle that but you'll need a larger buffer, on average, which increases latency. Slack has raised $1.2 billion and is now going to raise even more by going public. Discord has raised $280 million. Microsoft is putting who knows how much into teams. As I understand it, it's hard to monetize shady websites using anything except shady things like adware. Look at 4chan and it's perpetual struggle to get advertisers. >because what you actually do is easily replicated. Not really for Lyft/Uber, at not now that it's flat fee and ride pooling instead of a traditional per minute/mile fee structure. To achieve those thing efficiently you need data and until you get that data you're burning through a lot of money. Except the clown paid to host the party with the caveat that they get to yell at people. It's their party that you're getting to enjoy for free. You tried to get the benefit without any cost despite he terms being known and now the clown is kicking you out as a result. >Telling them “no” isn’t going to make them focus instead on the project leadership’s other priorities like it would in a corporate team. No one is asking them to. An open source project is not a corporation, it has no shareholders who require growth at all costs. So someone doesn't contribute to the project, if there's enough other contributors to keep it healthy then who care? No need to try and get every single potential contributor to contribute code to the project. >What greater 'tax' could you possibly conceive of than a whopping 38% of your development time on an enterprise product being spent debugging problems caused by type inference/coercion? Is there a link where they say they spent 38% of their development time on this? The slide just says 38% of bugs and fixing bugs is not the only way development time is spent and not all bugs are equal in terms of time to debug. Communication is expensive and improving it generally leads to increased engineer unhappiness. Engineers don't want to be in endless meetings, have to follow endless email threads, have endless planning meetings for any change, etc. If they wanted those thing they'd have moved into management of some kind. Wide scale refactoring is a rare occurrence and a somewhat constrained problem. The whole point of micro services is most changes are limited and constrained. In monoliths you have none of that so everything require mass communication and not just wide scale refactoring. >I feel like Kara Swisher just handled this in a bad way. Isn't it on Twitter, you know the ones running and presumably most familiar with the platform, to request how the interview be done rather than for the interviewer to know the nuances themselves? Please see batty_alex's reply in this same thread which neatly showcases that version of pro-unionization people. Clearly some people see unionization as a means to make everyone "equal" and to remove any individual differences in pay except seniority. For the greater good, of course. >Talk about an inflated sense of ego there. Do you not consider the fact that people make less may have nothing to do with where they stand in the talent pool? You're suggesting there's some sort of logical relationship between income and talent. Does it? Are you sure it's not your own cognitive bias at work? In the US, we live in a mostly capitalistic society and have a mostly free market. If talent was not tied to salary then companies would hire cheaper engineers rather than paying the current high rates. They don't because, in general, better engineers cost more money. Better here means they provide more value to the company which may involve them having better people skills. Doesn't apply to everyone but there is a decent correlation or else someone would be exploiting the opportunity shamelessly. edit: In fact, if you believe what you say then you should be able to create a great employee owned consulting business by taking advantage of the disparity between talent and salary. Isn't it $100/month/user? How are users calculated? Possibly, I used to work for a smaller ad company and one of the tests we did was random ranking of ads. Problem is that it can be a very expensive test to run so you wouldn't run it on anything except a tiny fraction of traffic. Amazon has emailed me multiple times to answer questions about an item I never bought (in the email they literally say "as the owner of" which I'm not). If they can't even get that right then I suspect they have a lot of data quality issues which would result in bad predictions. In general, when you're in the majority this information doesn't matter much since you're washed out among the crowd. When you're in a minority however it can be used for nefarious purposed by the right group. For example, the KKK may like to know all the black people who live in predominantly white neighborhoods so they can set a few crosses on fire. Or maybe, you live in a fundamentalist Christian town and prefer your neighbors not know you're not actually Christian since they'd harass you (and the cops would help). >Is the KKK going to search through a marketing database to find out where black people live, or are they going to just drive around the neighborhood and see which houses black people go into? The intelligent ones will figure out the fastest way to get what they want or maybe some foreign government interested in impacting an election will send them a list of targets. >The information flows both ways. We could also use location data to see who regularly attends KKK meetings and who was at the house at the time a cross was burned in the yard and then arrest them, which is ultimately going to be more effective in stopping things like that from happening. Attending a KKK meeting is not illegal and turning off your cell phone during the crime is easy. Furthermore, the police are not angels but merely people. If you make it easy for the police to get this information then they will abuse it against those they don't like. Like the FBI threatening Martin Luther King. It's $255 and doesn't come with any switches from what I can tell. Not the person you're responding to but I've heard good things about the UHK: https://ultimatehackingkeyboard.com/ Github is free to do whatever they want and everyone else is free to complain about. Freedom to do something does not mean you're free of consequences for doing so. >Unfortunately most teams cannot be trusted to pick the right tool for each job without overcomplicating the planned implementation. Ego and the yearning to do “cool stuff” conspire to derail projects that could have been built without fuss using simpler tools. Force them to only use simple tools and the good ones will move elsewhere because they know that being stuck on just the simple things is going to limit their careers. edit: And losing them will probably cost you more project velocity than you'd ever gain with different tools. Part of working with humans and managing humans is understanding they're human and not machines. And keeping those humans happy does very much impact the bottom line. If spending 20% more effort on a project retains engineers that speed up projects by 30% then it's a net gain for the business. Bad companies and managers don't understand that and then wonder why all their engineers are bottom of the barrel (or rather why their projects end up such disasters while those of their competitors don't). >Unless Etsy issued 1099s it doesn’t matter how much money they push into the account, it doesn’t mean it will be considered income. Etsy does issue 1099s to sellers who meet certain criteria although who knows if this will be included. Credit cards already have legal protections so worst case you can file a charge back and your money is safe. Etsy has access to bank accounts which don't even have the credit card protections. As I see it technical people don't want to do the mundane repetitive and boring tasks that a recruiter does. And introverted technical people, which many are, especially don't want to spend significant time socializing with random other people. You can try to automate the whole process, which various companies are doing, but keeping the spam out is difficult. And bad automation is also even worse to deal with than a human recruiter. Then you should train them so they can do the thing. Having a bus factor of 1 is a bad thing even if you have room on your plate. The problem is that at some point you'll become the bottleneck and projects will be delayed as a result. Or you'll get sick, a loved on gets sick, etc, etc. Either way productivity will suffer and things generally start to spiral downwards then (people get bored, leave the company, putting more work on you, etc.). In many places there is always something urgent and there will never be a good time to slow down. Then you end up in my first point eventually. So part of your job is to create that breathing room, push back on projects, get people trained, etc. Think long term and not just moment to moment. edit: And if you think training people now is painful, doing so when you're actually past the breaking point will be be a lot harder and cause a lot more disruption. >The technology is there to allow us to have both without too much compromise either way. That's great! Except it's not there, there are compromises, mainly around durability and repair costs. In my experience modern macs laptops are more fragile than older ones and cost a lot of money to fix when they break. Sometimes they break due to design compromises and even more design compromises up the repair cost through the roof (see complaints about the display cable for an example). STDs in general are sensitive since people may want to hide them or hide the implications. Abortions are sensitive as well depending on the social group. If you're underage you may especially want to hide those two from your parents depending on the social group. If you're a woman you may also want those two hidden from your family depending on the social group. Sweden has a large refuge population from very conservative cultures and things like acid attacks against women are decently common. So not keeping those thing hidden can get you killed or horribly injured if you're in certain social groups. In this case he is the manager so he can do all those things you mentioned to properly train his team. It takes effort and sacrifice but that's his job. I'd argue that if you have a toxic team culture then no matter what you do things will escalate. Code reviews are a focal point but if they didn't exist then the focal point would move somewhere else. For example, engineer A commits some code and then engineer B rewrites it and then they get into an argument about it during a meeting. Toxicity in code reviews is at least auditable so a pro-active manager can nip it versus someone going off in a meeting they weren't part of (in which case it becomes a she said/he said situation). Sure but 99% of the companies they're hiring for probably don't need low level programmers. >Just fire the bad ones Who and what decides what a bad software engineer is (note this is very different than deciding who is a good)? Is it a manager? Managers are single people so shouldn't be the sole deciding point. So you need to gather feedback, aggregate it and decide what constitutes bad. Then have that feedback reviewed by independent people to ensure that no one is being unfair. That takes time and bureaucracy. I was thinking the same thing. Just generate two random numbers in polar coordinates and then map back to a cartesian offset. Only trickiness is taking the square root of one of the numbers to generate the radius rather than the random number itself. Isn't CSS (with HTML) Turing complete? The value of the company has increased either way, the fact a round happens doesn't change the underlying value but merely signals it. Since employees generally can't sell their shares either way that signaling doesn't impact them. So, in your example, before the round you actually owned $500 and after the round you own $50. The id of tweets includes the time stamp. The sequence is just an incremental number per server per millisecond. As far as I can see it’s not based on retweets. Which is likely why they have gone out of their way to not kill off AWS services. >Mostly because people don't really use any of the products Amazon releases at scale. AWS would beg to differ. However, Amazon has been very good at not getting rid of AWS services so it's reputation is that it's at scale services are going to stay safe. AWS is not a single service but a large collection of separate services that interconnect. Some of which are quiet old and not exactly cutting edge. Yet they don't get deprecated. I've been outside when it was 120 and as long as I stayed hydrated I wasn't too bad. Sweat tended to evaporate quickly. I've also been outside when it was 90 and humid. That was sweaty hell. Kaiser only started implementing Epic in 2005 and finished in 2010. So any lock in is squarely on their own shoulders. Protecting Elastic Search the company and Elastic Search the open source project is not the same thing. AWS is releasing their changes as open source software to the public and maintaining their release. As long as ES the project keeps getting released who cares if it's Amazon, Netflix, Google or whomever that pays for the work behind it? Boeing is a US military supplier and a strategic US asset in the airspace industry, the US government will ensure that they do not go under no matter how much damage they do (see car industry). Furthermore even if that wasn't the case the people who cause these issues have almost zero chance of facing personal liability. As a result, it's in the personal interest of the people running Boeing to cut corners and extract maximum short term reward (ie: personal promotions, stock grants valuations, etc.). >Let me get this straight: you think that showing a medium sized banner ad in a window is better than a few lines of text using the OS provided notification API? Why? Because the banner ad does not distract me from something else while the notification does. The banner shows up when Steam starts which means my attention is on Steam and specifically on waiting for it to start. The notifications come up any time which means I'm specifically focused on something else. The MAX-10 has longer landing gear by 10 inches and I'm assuming it shares the same type rating as the rest of the 737 line. So it is possible. However the MAX-10 required a telescoping landing gear to achieve that so I'm assuming the real reason to not do so earlier was cost to design, cost to manufacture and weight. The MAX-10 got around that by having a telescoping landing gear and was able to get 10 inches more as a result. >I believe it's becoming increasingly clear that merely allowing far-right dialogue online is essentially responsible for ease of radicalization, and that proactive censorship would be the best approach to forestall this. Because of course, censorship only blocks the material you personally don't want others to view and never material you personally would want others to view. I can see a lot of politicians, especially those getting elected nowadays, wanting to block any discussion of minority rights, LGTBQ+ rights, trans rights, drug reform, abortion, women's health, women's rights, climate change, non-christian religion discussions, etc, etc, etc. edit: Note that this isn't a straw man argument. All it takes is one to look at the censorship that happened in the US in the 50s and 60s (comic code, movie/television code, mccarthyism, etc. ) to see what is possible. Hypocrisy? Why do you assume that censorship will be used to block far-right material rather than leftist material? The right is gaining more and more political power and historically (at least in the US) is the side most willing to use censorship for it's own benefit. Sure. Except people also confuse "this is where the line is" with "this is the material that will be censored." The line is merely how much material those controlling censorship are able to censor. And nowadays a lot of very vocal right wing politicians are getting elected across the world. Allowing censorship merely moves that line and what ultimately gets censored may be very different from what you wanted or expected to get censored. >"Oh but far-right voices are still allowed, it won't be fair if I silence women's activists"? No, but they'd need to pass laws and fight court battles to enable censorship versus merely taking over existing systems of censorship. The latter is much easier to do and much harder to notice or right against. Especially when merely fighting against it is grounds for censorship. >Yes, but on the other hand, the prevalence of far-right dialogue contributed to the rise of far-right politicians. Depends on the scale you look at. In a sense, the far right is merely the average person's view as of 50-ish years ago. Censoring to the view of the average person merely ensures that in 50 years you'll be seen as having helped far right ideas. Or in a different way, I don't believe that my current views are the pinnacle of progressiveness (or morality or whatever) and I am loathe to prevent future progressives from being able to push their views forward. >All it takes is for a admin (or hacked admin account) to change the password of the target slack user and login as said user to view all their private messages. An admin cannot change a user's password. You can enable an account wide feature which allows admins to view all messages but that's separate and costs money. Also not what you described. Patreon also provides an easy means for distributing subscriber only content which is more annoying to manage otherwise. I know a German SE who was senior and had a good job in Germany. He moved to the US and his total comp went up something like 5x (at a company with good benefits, work life balance, etc). >If there's anything that ought to be a "lifestyle business" it's Patreon. The question is, would Patreon have succeeded had they not taken in $2 million in seed funding or would they have been beaten by someone who did? Since the second they took seed funding they were no longer on the path of a lifestyle business. In the US a drugstore's information falls under HIPAA which isn't perfect but does force some compliance at risk of large fines. HIPAA basically doesn't allow identified information to be shared except specifically related to treating or paying for your illness. Unlike a fly by night app a drugstore has a physical presence which means that tracking them down to fine is easier. The US has HIPAA which while not perfect would cover any medical data sharing and does have decently sized fines behind it. So now the non-engineer needs to understand snapshots, ensuring snapshots don't break, ssh, roll back, etc. That's assuming the bad upgrade didn't leave any damage behind (like DB data, etc.). And assuming they didn't lose the post-it they wrote the CLI credentials on since you easily can't reset those unlike Heroku. The vendor lock is is not the data in RDS, it's the ops code that sets up and integrates RDS with everything else you do. K8S allows you to use the same code to setup a database, or most anything else, in any cloud host. AWS is an expensive cloud provider. If you commoditize it then then Amazon will either have to charge less (= less revenue/profits) or user will switch to cheaper cloud providers (= less aws revenue/profits). That is the point the article is making. This license excludes any company that practices a 10x4 (10 hours for 4 day a week) work schedule which positive things have been said about previously. Also excludes companies with hourly jobs that work more than 45 hours but get paid 2/3x for extra hours. A lot of government agencies with unions have employees that love doing that since it gives them a lot of money. edit: Hospitals as well since employees work odd shifts such as 2 weeks on and 2 weeks off for ER doctors, or 6 days in a row for lab technicians (with more days off every other week), etc. It's the classic approach taken by Ford with the Pinto. If the profit made from releasing is higher than the cost of wrongful death lawsuits then you release. After all, getting money is more important than lives. Humans are not machines, a system where we absolutely have to pay attention 1% of the time but have to just stare mindlessly the other 99% doesn't work. Humans don't work like that and we will space out even if we try not to. Especially when you have to do it for hours on end. Depends how senior the devs in question were and how competitive their interviewing abilities were. Junior devs who don't interview well are easier to retain for example. Also, top companies have a problem because they are top companies. Working there is a signal to other employers that you're top talent as vetted by a top company. That increases the values of offers thrown at you and eventually one may be enough to pry you out. They've tried to entice technologists so far and it's put them in dead last, by far, versus AWS and Azure. From a business point of view shifting away from technologists to enterprise may be what they need to survive. If nothing else, technologists often don't have much control over the budget versus business leaders. At the same time older employees have more to lose by protesting and getting fired. They may have health issues, kids to support, mortgage to pay, etc. They also tend to be more conservative so they'd protest less against certain things. I'd argue that protesting is tied to how easy it's to find a new job which tends to be easier with experience. As I understand it, China is aging more than the developed world rather than less. The one child policy has led to a massive disparity between generation sizes with proportionally fewer young people. >Instead, the options are taxed at a capital gains rate As I understand it, they ARE taxed as income for all intents and purposes at exercise time (based on the value difference at exercise). They are not regular income but they are part of Alternative Minimum Tax income. You pay taxes on the greater of the two. The difference between exercise price and sales price is then taxed as capital gains assuming you held the stock for a year (or two?). The one trick to this is that if you exercise very early then the tax is on basically nothing (literally nothing if your option price and current value are identical). However, you still need to buy the options so it's not free but just tax free. That's the general issue with regulation, it protects the existing large players in a space by adding a higher barrier to entry for competitors. So now instead of hosting your own forum or website you'll use Squarespace or Discord or Disqus instead. >First of all, GDPR does not apply to personal sites No, as I read it excludes sites that do not engage in economic or professional activity. It is specific about what personal means and it's definition is not necessarily the colloquial definition of personal. So, as a layman, by my reading getting donations makes your site covered, running ads make it covered, allowing people to sell things makes it covered, people connecting for jobs makes it covered, using it as advertising for your professional career (ie: blog post that says you're looking for a job) makes it covered, etc. Or maybe it doesn't cover those but then I'd need (and thus need to pay) a lawyer to know wouldn't I? Layers aren't cheap compared to the cost of modern web hosting. As I read it specifically doesn't cover things which are not economic activities and not professional activities. You running a website yourself and not as business may or may not fall into that. It is not necessarily the colloquial definition of personal. A personal website may have donations, may have ads, may act as advertising for your professional career, may be used to find jobs for yourself, may be used by people to trade items to each other, etc, etc. Those may be covered by GDPR and without a lawyer (ie: money) I have no idea. >Its a slap in the face when I read about people literally buying there way in Why? The US is a capitalistic society and more so than other countries such as those in Europe. Presumably you liked the US because it is such a capitalistic society with high pay, slightly lower taxes, etc. Paying to get in is pretty much the definition of capitalism. I'd wager most marriages (by a large margin) that result in a green card happened at that specific time because of the green card. Otherwise they'd have waited longer. I guess it's technically illegal but so is jaywalking in NYC. I quoted a specific part of what you said for a reason. The only dubious thing they did was get the cap for investment lowered from $1m to $500k. The lower cap does not change the fundamental issue you stated which was paying for citizenship. Merely changes how much they had to pay. So on that point, buying your way in is not bribery if the legal system allows it. It's merely paying for a service from the government. For example, I pay the government to register my car, to get permits for work I'm doing or get a concealed gun permit. In this case they're paying for citizenship. This is also merely one way to pay for citizenship, little different than the usual "pay $100+k for a US college degree so my child gets OTP and can apply for a H1B." I said slightly lower and overall it's true depending on the exact US state and European country being compared. For high income brackets which is presumably what an immigrant would be aiming for. Also some countries tax individuals while others tax employers for the same thing which makes comparisons difficult. Then there's VAT which is objectively larger than even the largest US sales tax. >why should he be paid only $1,000 USD when the same Ford car he built is being sold way more expensive in China than in the US? Because otherwise he'd be paid $0 since it'd be cheaper to manufacture the car somewhere other than China. Also, Chinese politicians are perfectly free to require such things so it's odd that you're blaming western companies which only have power in China because politicians let them have power. Of course, massive unemployment rates tend to cause more issues so it's clear why they don't. >It's hard for me to think of interjecting "Alexa!", or whatever it is you have to say, as anything but explicit consent to be recorded, and for that recording to be accessible to Amazon employees and contractors under some reasonable non-disclosure terms. That assumes everyone knows all the words which trigger a recording device and that those devices actually remotely record sound. Including a 90 year who hasn't use anything beyond a rotary telephone. He also has 488 samples of skittle distributions which can be used to validate the model assumptions on their own. >As long as they don't all need 2 pilots. I'd really like to see self-driving planes, must be easier than self-driving cars surely? (And, yes, I would fly in one) The issue I think is that airplane autopilots rely significantly on sensors which occasionally fail. That means self-flying planes must be able to cope with sensor failures which generally means falling back to visual cues. Self-driving cars that rely just on cameras (rather than LIDAR) are a point of debate regarding their feasibility. Planes that would have to rely on just cameras likely have the same issues. >I struggle to see how such a case could be prosecuted without eyewitness testimony? Maybe it shouldn't be then. Just because a crime happened doesn't mean someone has to be punished for it irrespective of their actual guilt. Some companies promote quickly. Generally companies I wouldn't want to work at since to me it indicates that they hire a lot of junior people, and have trouble retaining or hiring experienced talent (so they throw promotions at people as a stop gap). The problem is that to properly understand the structure of the code you need to load in all dependencies of the code (both in other files and imported third party modules). That's time consuming and has to be done somewhere. As a note, in Scala, scalameta will do just that and then dump out a structured view (in a specified protobuf format) of your code which you can work with. >commented (!) code, Comments become stale and will often not be updated as the code changes. If you're using a CI that runs on every PR/master merge wouldn't it catch this without the need for git-bisect? Shouldn't your terminal view be able to wrap the text itself before showing it to you? That seems a UI display issue rather than one to solve by changing the underlying data representation. I understand why that's not good with code but commits are almost always non-code. And then the server goes down and you've got downtime. Or you want to release a new version and you have downtime (ie: no rolling upgrades). At some point you end up re-inventing enough of k8s to makes it sort of silly to not use the actual thing. If you have a single service that runs of thousands of nodes then okay. If you have dozens of services that run across even dozens of nodes, that interact with each other, that have resource constraints, that need rolling updates, depend on external volumes, require security policies, etc. then you eventually recreate enough k8s to make it simpler to just use k8s. I run a data infrastructure on terraform and kubernetes. Things it gives me out of the box: * DNS. This lets all the various components talk to each other across nodes (Airflow, Spark, Zeppelin, etc.). I can also, via VPN, connect to things to look at what's going on. * Load-balancing. I create pods and then they run on the node where there's capacity without me thinking about it. * Auto-scaling. I spin up pods and nodes get created to handle the load. * Helm charts for things so I don't have to figure out how to run them myself. * Built-in support in the tools I use. Airflow will spin up k8s pods to run tasks. Spark will spin up pods to run a job. Etc. Personally, no, for a variety of reasons. A founder who is a control freak is a massive red flag on it's own. Profit sharing is also easy to game either for or against someone as the movie industry proves constantly. So I don't personally feel like playing under-handed games constantly (and if I don't, other will so we're back to square one) to maximize how much revenue is attributed to me. If I wanted to play politics I'd have joined a larger company and gotten paid a lot more than any startup. edit: Also, incentives people to think short term and pump us revenue at all costs (then find another job when it comes crashing down) which is not a great environment to work in. The ones who are good salesman do get takers. I don't really know why or how but they get them. Not the greatest engineers but also not bottom feeders. It's surreal. Granted it's usually people who don't realize their own worth or are naive about how much equity is actually going to be worth. The best way is to interview at good companies and get offers from them. That means the usual Google, Facebook, Apple, etc. and also up-and-coming ones (Uber, Lyft, etc.). You don't even need to want to work for the company but getting an offer will tell you your worth for the future. You will need to study hard for those interviews but it's well documented online what you need to study specifically (read Cracking the Coding Interview, practice Hackerrank, LeetCode, etc.). There's generally threads online where recent grads say what offers they've gotten from companies and websites like www.paysa.com that try to aggregate them but those are all biased. Equity is a gamble not in your favor, read up on how many startups fail outright, how many sell for basically nothing, and how much you're going to get diluted in funding rounds. Founders will say otherwise but it's their job to sell you so don't trust them. So if you do want to gamble on a startup make sure to heavily discount the value of equity when negotiating. >I mean are people over 30 not applying for jobs? They apply to different jobs. Larger companies and so on. Some move into management or consulting. Startups in general make little economical sense and the downsides are rather high if you have a family. I find perceptive junior employees extremely useful in judging candidates. The way people act with someone they perceive as inferior is very telling about their personality and how they'll work with others. People are in my experience a lot more likely to drop their guard and show their true selves when they think no one important is watching. Soft skills matter and someone senior is both capable of providing great value and doing great harm to a team. In general, I prefer to lose potential candidates than hire someone bad since bad hires tend to become expensive. Moreover, if an experienced engineer walks because they got interviewed by someone junior then I view that as a bullet dodged. Assuming the junior engineer has been coached in the questions to ask and so on. It should be an easy win interview that will teach you a lot about the company since junior engineers tend to be worse at knowing what not to talk about. I make things out of wood with a laser cutter and sell them on etsy. Mainly things from an MMO I play but also other games and tv shows. So far it covers the cost of materials and laser time. It won't ever comes close to my day job in terms of income (I did the math) but it's interesting as a side thing that's not engineering. I optimize the process and marketing (since I find that interesting) but don't stress over income from it. There's indirect long-term monetization in the sense that when you're old they'll help you. Now if only they fixed the display cable issues that require replacing half the laptop (and $500+) to fix. For a tiny cable. Because it was soldered on. This is basically my last personal macbook, it's just not worth the money for repairs and hassle. That's nice. But only until the next set of issues that cost $500+ to fix that they never take responsibility for. So, still not buying a mac again. >If you're a paying customer, you definitely can get a human being to look at your problem. Based on the number of hacker news posts from people who pay them money and are locked out of their accounts by automated systems with no recourse I'd say that's utterly false. Maybe you meant to say "if you pay them enough money" which is true. But most people don't have that much money to pay them. Probably because they got lobbied by tax preparation software companies to exclude it. >For instance, why is there so many liquor and gun stores in the 'hood so to speak? Because they make money. I suspect you'll find many liquor and gun stores in poor red neck areas as well. You can blame outside forces all you want but at the end of the day multi-generational poverty causes and perpetuates many issues on it's own. That the US is a wonderful nation that never did any wrong and never helped dictatorships rise to power in it’s decades long fight against the Soviet Union. >Anyway, my only other IDC related story is that of going from ICD-9 to ICD-10, when decimals came into play. We had several projects where we had to go back and do global replaces on ICD-9 codes to play nicely with the ICD-10 codes. I like how ICD 9 and 10 don't use mutually disjoint sets of codes so there's a tiny overlap where the same code is present in both but means very different things. But only a tiny overlap so a QA cycle probably won't catch the issue. Probably the usual, the people running the non-profit have financial ties (direct or indirect) to the people who'd make money from increasing the price cap. They're not public by "mistake". They're public because someone was lazy, wanted to share something and didn't want to bother with authentication. They knew they were making it public but figured no one would find it except the desired recipient so why put in the effort to make a better solution. That argument applies to pretty much every single unit test ever written. A function running on a single long can take 2^64 possible values. Impossible to test by your logic. Yet they're tested without issues constantly. What you do is put together a long list of sample functions and sample arguments that covers the expected edge cases and then test those for equivalence. Hardly impossible. Just takes time. Not bulletproof but better than nothing. Scala comes with a lot of overhead in terms of features (and breaking changes in versions) and is still missing the meta-programming aspect of this library. In fact, scala has now deprecated all it's previous attempts at meta-programming and is still trying to work out it's next attempt (which is I believe black-box only so can't do what this library does). The problem with training is that you hire 10 people. 3 of them pan out. Then they leave for 100% more salary from a company that doesn't need to make up for hiring those other 7 in the first place. In my experience companies that rely on armies of junior programmers to do things manually tend to end with horrible code bases and a lot of technical debt. Few abstractions, lots of repetition, little automation and so on. Sunlight may be explicitly unwanted since strong light tends to cause a lot of things to decay more quickly and the church presumably has a lot of fragile antiques in it. $50k/month comes out to $600k/year which is the cost around 2-3 engineers counting overhead. To manage infrastructure at that scale themselves they'd need someone who knows DevOps. To write services at that scale they'd need someone who knows backend engineering and micro services. Then they'd need to be able to have 24/7 on call rotations for when things break. And of course, like any rewrite it seems like a "couple month" project until you get into the details and it becomes a two year project. Soon you've got a full 6+ person team and are paying them a lot more than $600k/year. Where does it say that? The link says they centrally manage revocations using OneCRL and then push a single revocation list to browsers (independent of browser updates). Which means they can revoke any certificate they want using that mechanism. Then physicians will send fake data because they can't track many patients but still want money or just don't want to put the effort into tracking. Since they can't send back individual tracking info trying to filter out the false data will be nearly impossible. Money distorts incentives in ways that are not always desired. The problem is that Tesla wants to control everything tightly including parts. In general, distributed control (capitalism) is more flexible than central control (communism). However Tesla doesn't want to lose control. No they're not. According this this[1] article drug crimes account for only 16% of inmates in state prisons. Violent crimes account for 54% of inmates. [1] https://www.wsj.com/articles/a-better-approach-to-violent-cr... There are over 2.2 million people in US correction facilities and probably more if you count over a whole year. That gives a rate of under 10% which is high but supports the previous comment of the vast majority of prisoners not being assaulted. There are over 2.2 million people in US correction facilities and probably more if you count over a whole year. That gives a rate of under 10% which is high but supports the previous comment of the vast majority of prisoners not being assaulted. >In 200X a lot of companies were able to maintain their own infrastructure, just like Facebook and Amazon did at the time. I worked at a decently large tech-ish company at that time. It took 3 months to provision a handful of dev servers in the data center. After filling out forms in triplicate. We asked for extras since we had almost zero ability to manage them (reboot, etc.) or get them re-built if something broke. No backups of any kind as far as I knew. We once had one break at night and apparently someone had to psychically drive there at 3am to reboot the thing after we filed a ticket. Used some sort of in-house distribution of linux that had it's own quirks. I'll take the cloud any day of the week. >Unless you're already making that much, how does a higher marginal tax rate on income over $500k affect you at all? We're on the ycombinator website, presumably the concept of stock options is not foreign to those here. Taking less salary for years with the potential for an IPO is a lot less lucrative when your payout goes down by 50% due to taxes. >With revenues of $776M, which perhaps are mostly recurring, doesn't that seem to bode well for the future? Isn't the majority of that going to drivers which gives them a lot less room to maneuver financially? Lyft had something like 10 rounds of funding. Assuming each one was for 15% stake the end result is that 80% of the company is owned by investors. >Or removed from planes, though I'm not holding my breath. It was added because planes kept getting hijacked or blown up in the 70s. Security didn't just magically appear one day because politicians thought it'd be great to annoy more people. The former doesn't really apply to trains and the latter is less catastrophic. >I though we were talking about engineering challenges, research, not bets execs of large companies make for very different reasons, mostly hiring reasons. Large companies don't pick technologies for hiring reasons, small companies do. Large tech companies can afford to train their engineers in whatever they use internally and have the money (and brand recognition) to not worry about needing technologies to entice candidates. They pick technologies to solve business problems. The US also dealt with a lot of hijackings and bombings decades ago. Mysteriously they mostly stopped once security and metal detectors got implemented. That took 10 separate bombs across 4 trains and killed 193 people. For comparison, a single Airbus A380 can carry over 500 people. So basically, an order of magnitude more deaths if the same scale of attack was carried out on airplanes instead. Github released a new package registry yesterday. There's a lot of places with packed lines however bombs aren't that great in open spaces. A similarly sized bomb on a plane would kill a lot more people. Most mass casualty bombings seem to involve multiple coordinated attacks in dense locations and still don't get near the death toll of a single medium sized airplane. From what I can tell 5 out of 7 board seats are owned by VCs and it's very unlikely the founders retain majority shares given their 5 rounds of funding. So I doubt it's their call to make in any way. >That shouldn't necessarily be a reason not to try though. I'd argue that if a test could select good SEs then companies would be giving tests (or outsourcing such tests) as part of their interview process. It's not like a lot of thought, effort and experimentation hasn't gone into figuring out how to hire software engineers. >Honestly, it might be easier to adjust the hiring process. If the hiring process were able to easily select driven individuals who retain "software engineer" as part of their identity, and people that take pride in their work, seek constructive criticism and want to learn, then that would be good enough. I'd like to note that a test would not select for any of those things except the ability to study hard. Someone else in this thread has stated that a) around half of the raised money needs to be used to service debt b) Tesla had $900 million in the bank before raising money. Doing the math based on the letter's $200 million/month loss rate that comes out to 10 months before Tesla is utterly out of money. Are those statements incorrect? > Don't you see Tesla cars everywhere in the US? No I don't, might see one once a week or month. They're common in Silicon Valley but that's a small fraction of the US. edit: Tesla has sold something like 300k cars in the US which comes out to under 0.15% of all cars in the US. So basically, negligible. And a third to a half of that seems to have been in California. So in most of the US you'd need to look at on average 2000 cars before you see a Tesla. Which has nothing to do with copyright the concept but our particular current implementation of it. Our laws are the implementation of copyright I’m talking about and are distinct from the concept of copyright. Socialism is doing quiet well in Europe and seem to provides a much better standard of living for the average person than America's capitalism implementation. The openjdk container is based on a distribution container and publishes multiple versions for different distributions (debian, alpine, windows, slim debian, old debian version, etc.). Users then base their containers on top of an openjdk container and add their packages dependencies to their docker files. The issue here is that the language container seems to have pinned against a specific non-release version of openjdk. They're not worthless in the sense that employees put value on them and take less salary as a result. Or in other words, they could get a higher salary (+guaranteed RSU) from a larger company but chose not to. So from an employee point of view not having them counted is disingenuous. Doesn't GPS and the wireless antenna use a decent amount of power and thus cut battery life quiet a bit if they're being used constantly? Apparently the issue is torque for such things, the OLPC was originally going to have a crank but the force was too much for the laptop body to take long term. GitHub doesn't really need a business model right now since MS probably has no issues treating it as a loss-leader (and makes plenty of money elsewhere). Eventually it'll need to make a profit probably but it's got time. Languages don't solve organizational issues. If you have a dysfunctional team without leadership then that will always show somewhere. A good team would establish some set of coding standards and then enforce those. Rejecting PRs for personal preference coding standards would result in a talk from the manager. Hadoop was not an academic project although Spark was. The problem with domain specific tools for project management is that everyone has slightly different goal, priorities and requirements. So you end up with a mess of a tool that barely works (Jira) or one that's missing necessary features. Then someone decides they could do it faster and better in Excel. >We’re in a much more precarious place financially now, after a few non-spreadsheet-related surprises, but we’re still determined to make whatever decisions we can to improve our lives. This, imho, shows the issue with basing life decisions so relentlessly on personal data no matter how well collected. Either the unexpected catastrophic scenario hasn't happened so you don't hedge for it or it has happened and you hedge too much on it happening again. Just like basing stock decisions on the recent past is great right until a recession or bubble hits to wipe you out. Because all code is untrusted, just because you know who it probably came from doesn't mean there aren't bugs, backdoors or exploits (code review can catch only so much). That goes triple for the average user who doesn't even understand the first thing about security. So instead of trying to achieve the impossible (perfect safe code that still has unlimited access) the direction is stricter sandboxes. Then at least you only need one near perfect piece of safe code (the sandbox) instead of tens of thousands. >If they're satisfied working gig jobs, why not go work at a local restaurant or as a bookkeeper or secretary at some local business? Most likely because either they have specific hours they can't work or the hours they can work are un-predictable. Businesses like workers who will work the same hours or work shifts on demand without question. And in this economy there are plenty of workers willing to do that. Businesses also outsource things a lot now to save money, a secretary may be a call center in India if they need one full time and their bookkeeper may be a guy in Florida. You do. But only, apparently, if you have any have cookies on your machines from any previous google login. >The ones who are there for a bad reason, and I'm supposed to stop them? You can contact security, presumably a company with such a policy has 24/7 on site security. >There’s practically no advantage to having health care Only if you're young and healthy and have no pre-existing conditions. Otherwise, enjoy the fun of paying massive premiums for shitty care because you no longer have the group rate from your employer. Why would they, if they know someone will cost them a lot of money then what incentive do they have to ever insure them for non-exorbitant amounts if they can avoid it? Every other form of insurance would either not insure them or charge them massive fees (home owners, renters, life, car, etc.). Group rates are a hack if anything and insurance companies have no incentive to make less money by having their own version of it. edit: To explain further. Let's say insurance company A has a group plan and B insures people individually. A is then forced to charge half their clients more than B as the average rate is identical. Thus it's in those people's interests to move to company B and pay less. Now those left on A's plan have even more average risk (as all the low risk people have gone to B) and the rate needs to go up. Rinse and repeat until A has no clients or is bankrupt. >Don't bother Why not? Theirs has better support behind it and supports everything you listed (RTM api, pagination, async, etc.). And again, you make statements and don't provide any data to back them up. If there's issues with their API which yours doesn't have then describe or list them. edit: You also conveniently change your argument once I point out the previous one doesn't hold up. Wouldn't malware simply spin up a new VM with a new IP to trivially get around single IP blocks? Wouldn't such blocks also put a lot of strain on the NOC to maintain. The study makes a note that it's testing HF production and not testing putting out a fire. "The intention in this study was however not to extinguish the fire completely." If you have the luxury of isolating the burning component and a lot of open space and a consistent wind direction you can let it burn. Few places outside of ships and desolate areas have that. Airplanes definitely don't. Neither do locations inside of cities. Cars also have many lithium cells so isolating the burning one is impossible and you probably want to avoid all of them catching on fire. Letting a car fire burn on it's own means you now have clouds of HF and you need to evacuate massive area for a long time. Or you drop it in water and avoid all that. Tell that to a gay man in Iran who is outed among many other examples. Isn't it also that promotions at Google are based on creating new products/projects rather than maintaining existing ones? So engineers have a negative incentive to maintain things since it costs them promotions. I'll take brief comments that shed partial light on something over no comments at all and no insight at all. I'm curious what the Google Cloud SLA discounts will be as a result of this. You may want to check your computer and browser for malware. Possibly also your ISP but as someone else pointed out that'd be hard to pull off on https. Reading this response it seems that crypto-mining is not allowed on digital ocean as they have checks against it. The TOS doesn't say so explicitly but does note that: >violation of any of these Terms of Service or any law, or if you misuse system resources, such as, by employing programs that consume excessive network capacity, CPU cycles, or disk IO By my reading that seems to mean that you're not allowed to use your VMs to their full capacity due to them being over-provisioned. This is in contrast to AWS who are more explicit on which instances (T instances) are over-provisioned and exactly how they're throttled. >I'm not sure how they are able to get away with this without violating HIPAA though. The same way every health app out there does it. By not having medical professionals involved, not transmitting data in standard electronic medical formats and not getting data already classified under HIPAA. Without those you're no longer a covered entity or business associate under HIPAA so you can do whatever you want. Contrary to belief, HIPAA is not about medical data as a whole. No, they don't. Although it's not about insurance either. Here is a list of who is covered: https://www.hhs.gov/hipaa/for-professionals/covered-entities... Note that a random app that gets "medical data" is not covered unless it counts as a health care provider AND transmits data in certain HHS electronic formats. >Are they bound by it when they receive data or only when they pass it somewhere else? Neither based on my knowledge. They can do whatever they want with the data and give to whomever they want with no restrictions from HIPAA. edit: Note that their privacy policy may provide protections and the government may get angry with certain sharing but only if it's politically useful (ie: tinder, hiv status and china). Amazon support is from everything I've heard and experienced great. So don't lump everyone together in an attempt to paint DO in a better light when it's not true. Those are issues of culture and communication. I'm not saying it's easy to solve but it is possible given enough effort and push from management. Although generally you have to do so from day 1 since retro-fitting it after the fact is much more difficult. >That critical FooBarAdapter becomes something that only Naimh can work on because without co-location if another developer is stuck on it, rather than grabbing her for a "Can you look at this?" over the shoulder, it gets slung over the fence in an issue or pull request. For example, with something like USE Together it's possible to have the equivalent of over the shoulder looks complete with easy input sharing. I find it more effective. To looked over a screen you need to talk to me (or IM me), I then need to walk to your computer, squint at the screen and then ask you to move over if I need to dig into something (which then results in you squinting at the screen). The last one may involve me asking you to come over to my computer since your setup may be harder for me to navigate. With screen sharing I don't have to move, don't have to squint, we both get to have a perfect view of what is going on and I can pull things up on my own computer concurrently (and show it to you if I want to). edit: In fact, I find it so useful that even when we're in the same room the approach is to screen share. They'd just have a tinfoil lined bag. No suspicion. I bet you can buy one one Amazon for next to nothing as it is. >Other cities are doing better. Usually because of government support. "We need to retrain workers" arguments play well in industrial cities. NYC has two larger places I know of that basically follow this model. One is subsidized by a community college and is aimed more at professionals (companies, artists, etc.). The other opened a new location (took over afaik the techshop location that lasted a whole week) in a heavily government subsidized building. I'd say there's no point really for individuals unless you're selling something with a decent profit margin. Publicity and talking with people is easier to get online. It'd be nice if that was true but its not. A lot of Asia being a perfect example. >My point is simple: tickets and parking were insanely priced and it’s no wonder that the overall business failed because clearly the management had some trouble reconciling reality with their perception of their own value. The ones I went to were always full of people including families. The price is about the same as a theme park or other such event. Just because to you it's not worth the price does not mean it's not worth the price to everyone. Assuming everyone thinks exactly like you and values things exactly like you is a very flawed view on life. >Realistically? Probably better than 99% of people would play video games and watch TV their whole lives. Not everybody is oriented to be an artist/author, an inventor, a scientist, or some other creative type. More people than you'd think, not saying they'd be good at it but they'd do more than play video games all the time. Nowadays you have people streaming, making podcasts, making tf2 hats, youtube videos, cosplay, fan-fiction, dancing, playing non-professional sports, graffiti, etc, etc. That assumes the more expensive machines provide enough value over their cheaper counterparts for those users to care. Keep in mind that industrial machines tend to be more complicated to use as well. >It wasn't that I hadn't earned it. It was because the old farts on the board wouldn't take me seriously. Except getting them to take you seriously is part of your job in upper management. Age matters but your view of them as old farts makes me suspect you did nothing to gain their favor in other ways. As someone else said, those ways have little to do with job based merit. Age is a proxy in people’s minds for other things, usually maturity, gravitas and playing the social game. Not always but more often than not. Age is a quick if inexact proxy but you can prove it in other ways. So every car insurance and car rental company should be removed? After all, they all charge higher rates to young people irrespective of years actually driving. I mean, sure science says the human brain doesn't mature until mid 20s and sure young people have much higher rates of accidents. But, damn it, we should just wipe them all out anyway, right? >It is my experience that when people resort to sarcasm they have lost the argument and can't face it. Or they understand that this site is in the end entertainment. Sarcasm makes it more fun for both the writer and the other readers. You're projecting how much you care about this issue onto me. Reality is, I don't care about it much at all, it's a mild intellectual diversion to me. You're hurt by this, you're infuriated by this, you're driven by this. I'm not. Because in that case it's not about age, age is the excuse given because they didn't want to actually explain why they didn't think you were good for the position. Maybe they attributed your negative qualities to young age and thus used that as the explanation, maybe not. Maybe they wanted a reason you couldn't argue against or fix. If they were particularly devious a-holes and you'd annoyed them then maybe they said age because they knew it'd drive you insane. edit: And right for the position includes personally not liking you or thinking you're not acting appropriately to them. I doubt they cared much for how the company does compared to their own egos. >P.S. I had a department with large numbers and strong growth on my side for leverage, that is why the CEO considered me in the first place. The numbers took a big hit after I left. If the board would have had more people in their 40s and less in their 70s-80s, I would likely have been accepted. Explaining to me that this is politics is a very pedantic in assuming I don't understand politics. The fact you're talking about strong growth and large numbers is why I don't think you understand politics. That doesn't matter to the board. It's the foot in the door at best. Did you align politically with the board? Did they know it? Would you be a reliable pawn for them? Did they think they could work with you and get you to do what they wanted? Did you have strong support from other department heads? Did you have strong support from other in higher positions? Did you have any major opponents? Any secret opponents? Did you know of those opponents through your connections? I could go on but point being, that doing a good job is pretty low on the list of things which matters in politics. >So, my point stands: can you please explain to this self righteous, incivil person who deserves the discrimination he has experienced, why it is OK to discriminate against the young but not the old? Or are you going to admit to being a troll like you did on the other comment when I addressed your weak arguments? I didn't say it was. I said, it's okay to discriminate against personality traits which generally come with age. For example, lack of emotional stability is a negative trait in management and it correlates somewhat with age. As I said, it's about being able to portray those traits and that you possess them independently of age. Moreover, just like work experience matters so does life experience. Your brain changes with experience. It also changes drastically until you mid 20s. So, just like work experience (as measure by years working) can be a proxy for seniority so can life experience (as measured by age) be a proxy for those traits. Hopefully, people independently test things instead of relying on proxies alone. Finally, the difference between youth and everything else you've mentioned in terms of discrimination is trivially simple. The young naturally become old with time. The old do not become young with time. Blacks don't become white. Women don't become men. A few years of wait versus eternity of wait is the difference. Or 4. I don't care to argue those points because I find doing so to not be entertaining or insightful. I used to argue to the death and then I realized that in the end it brought neither joy nor enlightenment. So I don't anymore. You're free to think you've won, I don't care. Although one piece of life advice for someone who seems to like arguing and seems to be good at it. People will often stop arguing with you because they find it tiring. You'll think you've won and pat yourself on the back. They'll think you didn't win. Instead they'll just think you're good at arguing (but still wrong), an a-hole and will dislike you silently from then on. Normally I would have stopped responding by now but I find this side conversation insightful. >Starting salary for a US nurse with a bachelors degree is well over double that Your overall point stands however the text on the linked page seems to be a lie, the page it references actually says that the median salary is ~$70k NOT starting salary. To be more specific she de-anonymised 7 individuals in the data set and claimed she could do more (if you used someone's semi-personal information). The risk with good de-identification is generally not that they can find everyone but that given enough knowledge they can find one individual. Or in other words, that your friend find you in the data set with enough effort. It's also why you're supposed to remove famous people from such data sets. Because their personal information is public thus everyone has it which makes re-identification much easier. Although nowadays there's so much information out there that "famous" covers a lot of the population. That said, a public data where you can re-identify your friends should not have been released in the first place. If you're in the US then the tech giants can already easily get your de-identified billing data. Billing data would contain what was done, by whom, when (probably only at a year level), where and why. It costs money but a drop in the bucket for them. So the question is I feel, given that this has already been done, has this caused real-life problems for anyone? Known re-identification would be a HIPAA violation I believe so more likely to be reported. Yeah, one of my old coworkers was ecstatic when he learned about joins. He'd been downloading two tables and then using vlookup to join them in Excel. Using actual joins sped up his workflow a lot. And in a company someone has the power to fire or promote you so there is explicit power in play. You can try to distribute it but people are social and clever so they’ll work around any blockers. >This is a common criticism of Valve's model, and it's fair to say that Valve's model isn't clearly obviously better, but those attack's on Valve don't make the case that the traditional hierarchical model, with its own well-known problems, is better. I would say that the key difference is that in the traditional model I can learn about my potential bosses during the interview process. In the valve model I don't even know who my bosses will be during the interview process. As people like to say, interviews are a two way process. Educational toys which are not actually fun are pointless since no one uses them. >Bare with me for a second though. I grew up watching western spaghetti films, playing with bb guns and thinking of cowboys as heroes. I was born and raised in Europe, not in the US (just to see how much things changed in a few decades). And I would not want my kids to grow up like that. Back then, that was normal. Today, luckily is not. As I see it, the world is a violent place, always has been and always will be, by not teaching your kids about it all you're doing is making them irrationally afraid of it. Then they want to be extra safe from it so they support politicians who says they'll keep them safe. Of course, safety involves constant control and oversight by the government but to those raised without violence it is a good tradeoff. Hong Kong rejoined China under specific agreements. Those agreements were in place because the people of Hong Kong did not want to becomes just another piece of China. As such they retained high levels of legal, government and economic autonomy. Colloquially it's known as "one country, two systems." So, yes, someone probably foresaw this issue and didn't want Hong Kong to become a puppet of China used as a giant fly swatter after re-unification. You're probably being down voted due to the utter lack of history and context (ie: lack of basic research) you're showing which generally makes intelligent discussions pointless. edit: A example of similar systems in the west are native reservations which enjoy varying levels of autonomy despite being part of the country they're located in. The third option is always "I consider this post's argument so stupid it's not worth my time replying to as it shows the poster is incapable of intelligent discussion on this issue." My response to the poster explains why in my opinion these comments fall into this category. I should care why exactly? Do you plan to stalk me? Email my boss that I insulted someone online? If you care so much about a silly internet argument then I honestly feel sad for you. edit: Since you decided to edit your comment, I'll add that this isn't a professional venue. If people don't understand the distinction between professional and casual environments (or that people have different ways of acting based on situation) then I'm glad they don't want to associate with me as a result. It's to many for-profit companies benefit that consumers not understand or read their privacy policies. This is probably something you'd want to talk to a well versed immigration attorney about instead of some random people online. As I see it if you're being paid into a foreign bank account then it seems hard for them to track it to you. You would be performing tax fraud probably but again they're unlikely to track it to you unless you try to move the money into the US. Wouldn't this just encourage companies to outsource to cheap labor nations even more thus damaging the domestic economy and costing even more jobs domestically? What's the monetary benefit to the industry in doing that? The open source solutions aren't good because validating and fixing this data is very time consuming (read: expensive) and carried legal liability (read: expensive). Open source tends to not be good at requiring many people to do tedious things (see: most open source documentation). Companies could pay people to do it but then you've recreated a commercial vendor except competitors who don't pay get a benefit. Companies tend to open source things which are not direct competitive advantages for others in the same industry while this would be exactly that. Browsers are moving towards more restricted extensions and don't allow the unlimited UI edits that Firefox used to allow so it's unlikely that an extension would allow that exact functionality. Maybe one of the Chrome/Firefox forks could add it as a base feature. It does bring back memories, I wrote what I think was the first extension that did that type of tab grouping. Was something like 12 years ago and even had the name "Tab Groups." That depends on what is expected of the DevOps position I feel. If you're going to need to dig into the source code of infrastructure pieces to find/fix bugs or write your own infrastructure pieces then a SE interview makes sense. If you're doing things at scale or using newer technologies then these come up often enough and resolving them can have significant business consequences (not getting into if choosing that path was a good business decision or not, separate topic). I don't see anything to indicate one way or the other myself. There are also companies which want DevOps to know SE simply because they believe that such people create better infrastructure. Better in this case means more automation, code versus todo lists, understanding the SE users, etc. If you're depending on open source software then you also need to be able to fix the code in question. And do so in a way which the project would accept. Otherwise, your bug report may linger until the end of time. >It's pathetic employers keep demanding more skill and free work for the same pay. In my experience DevOps pays better than SE (and much better than sys admin) because it requires a diverse set of skills. DevOps in that context is not just a new term for sys admin. Sure but that's a discussion on the value of leetcode itself which I've not argued one way or another. I'm simply saying that IF a company (many do) assumes leetcode is a way of gauging SE talent then it'd make sense to use the same criteria for gauging SE talent in DevOps. The paper seems to basically say, as I read it, "the current approaches for modeling human behavior are unlikely to be perfect enough so no approach will ever work." I find that to be filled with a lot of unsupported strong assumptions. Specifically, it talks about modeling language with machine learning based on input-output pairs. But, for example, if you took a human brain, deconstructed it's physics down to individual chemical reactions then you're no longer trying to predict a black box with input-output pairs. You literally have a copy of the black box in mathematical terms. Like most of these papers it basically boils down to positing a solution to a problem as the only solution and then claiming that solution doesn't work so no solution would work. >It feels more like an argument that chatbots will never exhibit general AI. I feel it's even more specific, that the current approach to training and building chat bots will never exhibit general AI. Theoretically, you could make chat bots in other ways such as directly simulating a human brain down to some arbitrary level. Maybe there's things in-between as well. >It has recently occured to me to ask why we have decided to try solve autonomous driving before solving any other seemingly easier robotics problems. Other than robo-vacuums, which aren't particularly complex, we have jumped straight to trying to solve one of the hardest unconstrained robotics and AI challenges in automotive environments. I'd say it's because other problems are actually difficult in hidden ways or lack much of a value proposition given existing mechanical aids. Cars are in some ways simple because they have plenty of space for electronics and have an easy to automate set of controls. That's not even getting into industrial robotics which is very popular. Got it. I think the paper actually makes a reference to 'Chinese rooms.' >Optimists in the comments here have hope for advances in mathematics that would give us a new method for modeling that could be applied. Maybe their hope isn't unfounded. I'm just a dude who read an academic paper. But I did enjoy it. I'd say most of the arguments in the comments boil down to "human brains do it so the paper's argument requires human brains to work on mechanisms other than non-quantum physics, which is mathematically model-able, which is a strong assumption." Automobiles are some of the most constrained consumer problems in my opinion. There's strong laws on how cars can operate and the environments they operate in. Cars operate in constrained and relatively simple ways. Most other consumer problems are optimized around a human body's abilities which are very complex. I've heard that the worst code is the 2nd version. You try to fix everything from the 1st version (real or perceived) and over correct as a result. >Of course this also assumes that an abortion is some kind of harm. Depending on the person and how late term the pregnancy was, it can be both psychologically and physically harmful. edit: Pregnancy and childbirth can also be psychologically and physically harmful so net harm is more difficult to talk about. Don't forget the screen cable breaking and requiring the screen to be replaced. >How did China get away with this for so long? In short, money. Voters and corporations tend to get upset when their supply of cheap material goods (and landfills) is cut off. >You want help with a problem in your staging account? pay for support, you want help with your production? oh sorry, you have to pay again. In a sense this is a good thing since support is percentage based and you may want a higher level for support for production than staging. How would hard limits work? Do all your ec2 instances shut down? Do your s3 buckets and their data get deleted? Do you snapshots and EBS volumes get deleted? There's no way to pause these things since they still costs AWS money. There's also no good way for most services to support it since storing data costs money and presumably you don't want AWS to wipe your data when you hit your spending cap. > For ec2 that should be easy since the cost ticks at a constant rate and can be extrapolated in advance, Only if you don't use auto-scaling of any kind and you can already set up budgets which will alert you if your usage is expected to go above some thresholds. Not really, that thread is asking for a limit on S3 traffic serving (ie: bandwidth used). That doesn't cap the account spend nor does it delete data (and you will continue to be charged for data storage, requests, etc.). The thread has a limited and reasonable request which is totally separate from account spend limits. >Some people just want to be able to say what is legally allowed. Not all speech is legally allowed, is this extensions going to deal with copyright violations, threats, libel, etc. Or even someone posting the name of a person arrested on a news story when the laws disallow that information being public. No it's not. I am in no way required to provide you a platform to talk through or to allow you to continue using a platform you've been using. All it means is that the government, key word, is not allowed to stop you from using a platform you are allowed by it's owners to use. The article basically says, as I'm reading it, that it's good to use the perfect technical solution to a problem. However that is a very short sighted and narrow look at software engineering. Software engineering is a team effort, a business effort and filled with unknown unknowns. If you've written everything in X then ensuring that your next project is also in X (even if X isn't perfect for it) has many advantages. Your bus factor is high since your whole team is familiar with the technology. There are fewer unknown issues that you'd hit versus a new approach. You'll be able to re-use already written code so getting things running will be faster. There'll be fewer drawn out arguments and discussions on technology choice at every juncture. There will be more eyes able to properly review the code and choices made. Hiring and overarching technological decisions are as much about business as technology. I've seen many engineers hired who want to rewrite everything in Y because they're not familiar with X. The business gain of it is negative but they still push for it. I'm not saying that hiring only X is the best choice all the time but rather that a middle ground based on the specifics of the business is necessary. A flat out decision to never hire explicitly for X is as blind as one to without thought always hire for X. It seems he had a lot of issues due to Spark executors failing which seems a setting issue. My guess is that the executors were being killed by the system OOM killer. Spark's memory management is counter-intuitive. Spark spills intelligently to disk so executors don't need a lot of memory to process data if you're not doing interactive queries. However spark will use all the memory it's given and sometimes it will use more than that (might be the OS actually, not sure). So the trick is to give Spark's executors LESS memory (as a percentage of the node's memory) so there's a buffer in case Spark uses more memory than allocated. The distinction, in this case, is that's it's NOT about using an existing forum for something. Web pages do not come with comment sections by default. So the discussion (ie: not having comments being a restriction of free speech) is about requiring you to build a forum specifically for speech to take place. It's like requiring a shopping mall to build a stage for people to have political speeches on. I feel few people would say free speech is infringed upon if every mall doesn't build such a stage. One correction to the article, snappy is not splittable however parquet files using snappy ARE splittable. Parquet compresses blocks of data within a file rather than compressing the file as a whole. Each block can then be read and decompressed independently. Interesting. Another reason I can think for it failing is lack of disc space on the nodes. Spark will spill data to disc if it doesn't fit into memory and your nodes may not have had enough disc space for 25TB of data. First of all, national security requires having food on hand that people actually want to eat. You know what happens when you go to war and suddenly the only food left is corn? Riots against the war and a massive black market. Second of all, subsidizing foods that people don't want to eat is inefficient since people, amazingly, won't eat it. So now you have a lot of food that you need to dispose off. You can't just make less of it because then it won't be there in case of an emergency. So you're almost literally throwing money into the dumpster. Yeah, some of these are really weird. Vendor lock-in, with established long term vendors, is such a tiny risk at this stage that putting effort into avoiding it is going to cost you signification more business wise. Especially odd when there's a whole bunch of other questions noting that building things yourself is not worth it at this stage. Daily 1on1s seem like a massive waste of time and focus that it seems insane to suggest them. If something comes up then your door should be open but expecting things to change day to day seems like you've got much bigger problems. The problem as I see it is that good applicants don't bother with job boards. When you have recruiters banging on your door and begging to handle all the details for you (and provide proper communication) it's no wonder candidates don't bother applying. That, however, means the expectation is that job board candidates are bad and desperate. So companies will filter them more aggressively than recruiter candidates. So candidates now have even more incentive to go with recruiters since it actually gives them a better chance to get hired. >That's true. Recruiters provide the initial screening, which is lacking in a job board. It's not just the initial screening. They actively go out and find candidates who otherwise wouldn't be looking for jobs directly. And as I said before, those tend to be prime candidates since they get so many recruiters they have little need to apply directly. >But the hiring process is broken beyond the initial screening as well, biggest reason being lack of incentives for the involved parties to close a position quickly. Again, recruiters are a solution to this because their paycheck is based on closing the deal. They will hound the company and the candidate to get the process finalized. And if real estate is cheap then you have a giant garage filled with equipment that can fill almost all your needs. >Nobody seems to be able to make the "gym model" maker space go here. The problem as I see it is that a gym has specific outputs that you want from your time (ie: be stronger, lower heart rate, etc.). Given Bay Area salaries, it's probably always cheaper to just pay someone in the mid west to build something than to do it yourself. So there's no positive monetary output. So a maker space's output is pure enjoyment and that doesn't scale as much with better equipment. You can do woodworking without a CNC machine and lasers and a metal lathe. You can 3d print for your projects at home instead of trying to use vacuum formers and sheet metal. Without having to deal with people and scheduling and driving. The only advantage I see of a maker space is the community but that's more of a non-profit model rather than a for-profit gym model. Community is much easier to achieve with shared ownership versus renting from someone else. It also doesn't need fancy equipment but just enough for people to come together. edit: Community is also harder when you have fifty different machines that cater to fifty different niches. I'm not overly familiar but as I understand it that welfare system goes deeper than just providing a financial safety net. To ensure workers aren't unfairly fired it's harder to fire workers. Workers also have a harder time leaving a job (long notice periods). All that makes experimentation more difficult. >Not only is this not true, but it's also not the point. The point is to do it yourself, and the Maker movement has always catered to that. Self-makers have always had to charge more for their crafts than mass produced models, citing scarcity and often component quality (especially true for digital electronics). So, like I said, it's about enjoyment and not monetary output. >Which maker space was using a non-profit model? Probably 90% of them in any area are non-profits, they're just small and don't have fancy machinery. Chinese made machinery (or used machinery from craigslist) is rather inexpensive (and good enough for non professional use) and $100+/month membership fees will add up over time. You can get some nice equipment for $5k which would be less than your dues for 5 years. A basic table saw is $200 on Amazon, a miter saw is $200, drill press is $200, a planer is $500 but there's hand tools for that, etc. Low end but they'll work. Biggest expense would be dust filtration system if you don't want to vacuum constantly. There's probably more people with garage wood shops in the US than makers. You keep assuming that you need industrial machines that can be used 24/7 to do these things when in reality you don't. You can use hand tools even but those take more time. >I've actually helped run a woodshop for a school as part of volunteer work back before I had a kid. I'd call that a professional space since it's used most of the time rather than occasionally. Sure, I go to one myself. Thing is that people rarely need all those things. The gym model works on 90% of members not actually using the space much. But in those cases they can just buy equipment themselves if they have space. Not equivalent and not all of it but good enough for their limited needs. Also, you can get a usable laser cutter for $500 if you are willing to put in the hours to update the shitty Chinese components. $3-6k gives you a decent 40-45w one (Glowforge, etc.). Won't cut beyond 1/4" but that covers a lot of projects. That could cause a regional outage but this isn't being described as such, seems global. SQL on it's own scales to a point, that point being however large you can make a single machine. Which can be quiet small depending on the data sizes in question. Beyond that you need to use something like Vitess (which the article mentions) but that comes with it's own overheads and caveats. You no longer have SQL really, you have Vitess. A couple years ago a company I was at tried to use Vitess but found too many edge cases and too much operational overhead. >You could be fluent in a foreign language, learn advanced math, become a skilled gunsmith, have written several books, or have read a couple thousand books. Why? Why are any of those things worth doing or learning? Because you say they are? >Because they produce value in the real world by producing something or making you more knowledgeable or capable. So there's no value in happiness and joy according to you? If something doesn't produce something or teach you something it is worthless? If your view on life is that bleak then I don't know that there's anything I can say to help you. ML will simply be used to find all sorts of new spurious correlations that will spawn a whole new flood of unnecessary medications and treatments. After all, statistics puts a whole lot more care into avoiding those sorts of errors than ML and, well, here we are anyway. Technology doesn't solve societal problems. >I've long believed that once startups and tech companies get their hands on medical data (patient outcomes, medication treatment outcomes, mal practice rates, surgery outcomes) that a reckoning will take place on the medical industry. Startups have been going at this problem for years and years already and have had the data. I've worked at them. You know what the goal of most of those startups was? To make money. Patients were a means to an end. If they helped people, it was a thing that happened but not the actual goal. See, actually trying to help patients and do so responsibly and not just cause a bigger mess is hard. Medicine is complicated, people are complicated, the health system is complicated. Easier to just ignore all that, make some money and sell out before people realize all you did was funnel some money around. >Once all of this data becomes available, it will be obvious how worthless and expensive most medical treatments really are. There's plenty of existing literature that notes various medical treatments are worthless. Yet they still happen and are still prescribed and are still paid for. Knowledge doesn't change behavior. >HIPAA laws are hiding patient outcomes and holding this whole sham afloat. You can easily get medical billing data for a massive percentage of the US population which includes doctors, dates, procedures, diagnoses and aggregated costs. De-identified but that doesn't matter for these sorts of things. edit: Also, what is probably the biggest hurdle for health care startups isn't data. It's the fact that AB testing, the cornerstone of how every tech company iterates, is considered unethical except in very constrained forms. Something about there being a difference between crashing the web page of 1% of your customers versus literally killing 1% of your customers. >because there's no way to send complex structures across service boundaries; you end up spending more effort serializing and deserializing than actually doing business logic. Honest question, have you ever actually worked with decently written micro-services? You don't send complicated objects, you send relatively simple objects. And you don't do it by hand, grpc and thrift have existed for a long time. I'd argue that part of good decoupling, in functional or micro-services programming, is making sure you only communicate simple objects around. I presume that you avoid all cars and locations in the vicinity of cars due to their much higher risk of causing you injury than a crazy at your office in Japan. After all, you don't want to leave anything to chance do you? >This seems like a great way to push out your brilliant people who won't tolerate bullshit or sacrifice their point for the sake of social cohesion. Why do you believe such people shouldn't be pushed out? Social cohesion is important in any group of people working on a common goal and a company is made up of groups of people working together on common goals. Likewise, there's always bullshit in larger companies and those who don't "tolerate" it usually just force others to deal with twice as much. You can argue against things without pissing people off in the process. Remember, at the end of the day you're at Atlassian and not a medical company, no one is going to die because of your decisions. >One of the big problems is paper thin walls of modern buildings and using materials and colors that absorb and retain heat. We have the technical solutions since centuries but there is no willing to do things properly in this crazy captalistic society that we live now. The r-value of 16 inches of concrete is around 1.75. The r-value of 1 inch of top end insulating foam is 7.20. R-value is how resistive something is to transmitting heat. Or in other words, the reason we don't have thick walls is because modern insulating material is well over an order of magnitude better at insulating than concrete/brick/etc. edit: And they used dark materials because in most of Europe you used to be much more concerned about heating in winter versus cooling in summer. That's, obviously, changing now but acting as if it made no sense is just silly. But only if, as I understand it, the temperature varies significantly throughout the day and night. Which is not really the case in much of central Europe as others have pointed out. I'm curious how the numbers work out at the higher levels. As I understand it, and I may be wrong so please correct me if you know better, at places such as Google there are separate manager and IC tracks however at top levels there's more managers then ICs. So it's essentially easier to become a top level manager than a top level IC. The title used to be more descriptive, close to the blog title itself, however it was changed to the current version at some point. No idea why. >If that's their goal, then just go and make an ivy league global campus. Why run this circus? The cynical answer being because this way they get more participants which makes them look more impressive as a platform. Of course those participants have no chance of winning but it still makes for nicer numbers. Paywall? All I get is a popup that I click X on to make it go away. Other than the domain, logo and free plug posts for YC companies. So I'd say they're still tied together. As I understand it, GSP on a single item is just a standard second price auction which is truthful. The ones I’ve seen let you add your own test cases (for debugging, not scoring) and expect you to do so. Which seems reasonable to me, on the job you won’t have someone to write all the tests for you. > The plaintiffs believe that because Social Security numbers had a fixed format, GitHub should have been able to identify and remove this data No it's not, especially once you add binary files to the mix. I once worked at a company that required everyone to run some sort of local scanner to see if there's sensitive data on their laptops. My laptop with no sensitive data had something like 10k+ matching files. I promptly ignored the thing. I'd assume many systems would store SS numbers without spaces or dashes in the backend so that rendering is up to the client. Which means you're looking for 9 digit strings. For example, full zip codes (xxxxx-xxxx) are also 9 digit strings. You don't have to figure out what to do with it when you get to your destination or go on public transportation. So, based on your statement, you're saying that if you don't like cars that means you must love all alternatives and never ever point out any issues with them even if they are utterly legitimate? They're still 20-30lbs to drag around (up stairs, etc.) and anything you're dragging around becomes cumbersome on crowded trains/buses. In many places locking something expensive to a tree just means someone will steal it assuming it's even legal to lock it to that structure. People also go to more than just work and I suspect, for example, a stand up comedy club would frown upon you dragging your scooter in with you. So, aside from other comments, doesn't this break the already mediocre tab completion side of python? Scrolling through API docs to figure out what exactly that method or argument was called gets really tedious after the 5000th time. That diagrams is 90% about different versions of PYTHON and not python modules. So I have no idea what it has to do with the discussion at hand. Even if it was about modules, if anything FunctorFlow makes it worse because you now have X+1 things creating modules (FunctorFlow has to live somewhere after all so it doesn't remove the previous system). Hmmm, that feels more like a jupyter extension than a standalone module. The extension could intercept imports automatically without the need for a prefix. Might require a custom kernel that does some magical per notebook lib mapping. Maybe it installs libs in version specific central folders and then does some symlinks to build a notebook specific lib folder based on the date specified. Feels more seamless but also more complicated. That'd make sense. You'd need to pin all transitive dependencies as well and cache the venv. Not sure if you'd need to find older versions of new direct dependencies to avoid conflicts. For example, you run the sheet in 2015 and then again in 2019 but with a new import. That new import's latest version has a transitive dependency that you already pinned but has different version requirements than what you pinned. I wonder if you can embed the requirements.txt inside the sheet itself. Only issue is that it'd be really space inefficient, my DS venvs clock in at 400+mb each so having one per sheet will probably quickly become unusable. Which is why I thought of some sort of smart system wide caching akin to maven/ivy. But I'd forgotten how complicated python dependencies (binaries, c code, etc.) were and how little api support pip had. The name seems like trying to compress your elevator pitch into a name which feels odd. Also sounds awkward to say out-loud over and over but that might just be me. How is this different from any other up to date DevOps contracting/outsourcing shop? >Medicine, especially highly critical / urgent care, needs to be socialized and shielded off from all negative effects of modern-day capitalism if this is to change. If anything it’s existing shielding is the problem. The supply of doctors is artificially controlled and limited which means you can’t lower pressure through capitalistic approaches. Without fixing the supply (more doctors) or demand (don’t treat patients) issue these problems won’t go away. You can approximate most everything in theory almost perfectly by a set of very large but finite moves. Driving a car can be approximated as a set of finite moves (ie: 0.001 degree changes in wheel position) done at finite intervals (say 10000 "frames" per second). That'd give you more precision and a finer time grain than even a human brain is capable of. Except a Roomba is much more limited than a human maid even in the constrained task of vacuuming the floor. And for a self-driving car you do need human levels of performance. Nor can you cheat and redo the infrastructure to accommodate simpler system like with home automation (ie: replace light switches withe relays). >Moreover, they didn't want me to disclose the vulnerability. At the same time, there was not even a single word from Valve. No, guys, that's not how it works. You didn’t respect my work, and that's the reason why I won’t respect yours — I see no reason why I shouldn't publish this report. Most likely I’ll be banned at H1 because of it, but it won't make me upset. This seems pretty scammy of HackerOne and does nothing but hurt security. Either something is an issue and should be paid for, or it's not an issue and disclosure is fine. They're trying to have it both ways and trying to strong arm researchers into keeping quiet. >If I hire a normal security consultant, and she finds an issue in my product that I don't agree is a real vulnerability, it's absolutely not fine for her to go write a public article about it. The difference is that you pay her either way. HackerOne doesn't. If HackerOne wants the advantages of paid employees then they need to pay for employees and not mask it as a bug bounty program. I've talked to a seasoned VP of Eng who hated the concept (specifically of the VP of Eng reporting to the CTO). Essentially, a technical CTO would meddle in what the VP of Eng's team is doing leading to a power conflict between the two. I feel it'd work but only if the CTO is actually acting like a CTO instead of a glorified tech lead. That means focusing on strategy and the outward communications of the company rather than technical details. Which makes a technical inward facing CTO somewhat pointless to me and less impactful than a chief architect reporting to the VP of Eng. Tickets are generally non-transferable and cheap ones are non-refundable. So unless google can predict the name of the future buyer it’ll be out of luck. >What would go wrong if Uber India only handled one timezone and didn't really support French? People travel. That aside, you'd have 100+ different deployments that need to be independently updated, debugged, managed, etc. That takes people and effort and is still going to cause issues. For example, each country speaking French might have a different deployment so updating language files needs to take into account every single version running live. Rulebooks only work perfectly when everything is static. Even then they only work when you also know all failure cases perfectly which you almost surely don't. Uber is in a competitive market and can't freeze features for years at a time. Furthermore, it in a growing market which means scale alone will cause new failure points to come up. >They could save a substantial amount of the salaries by offshoring their technical team. That only works if you're building a new team and product from scratch. Even then if management if in the US the communication issues will cause problems. Trying to outsource an existing live product is very expensive (ie: better get those massive retention bonuses ready so your whole US team doesn't bail the second it's announced) and error prone (ie: rebuilding all that knowledge about the product and market takes time). I've had better experience with older doctors who no longer care about maximizing their billings. Extra points if they consider most other doctors to be idiots and like to prove them wrong. Unfortunately to find good ones like that takes time, determination and being ignored many many times. >That story of how the doctors just dismissed her pain as delusion is terrifying. The frightening thing to me is that from my reading there is little recourse for her since the UK has a centralized health system controlled by GP referrals. In this case yes because then the patient could seek further experts who might be able to identify a cause. By labeling it psychosomatic you are forcing a path of treatment even if it's not the right path. >Regardless of whether you think the advice from the GP is sound or not, the best way to get a doctor to listen to you is to listen to (and follow) their advice first. It's been shown that it's very hard to prove that you're not mentally ill if you're labeled as such. Getting treatment just means you'll be put on essentially random psychiatric medications (which have their own side-effects) or have to spend years in useless therapy (while your actual disease may progress). If a doctor isn't willing to do the proper testing or evaluation the first time then they won't do it a second time either but just claim you haven't gotten the right psychiatric treatment yet. For reference, this is the crash referenced by the article: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2015_Oxnard_train_derailment Apparently a driver drove onto the railroad tracks after confusing them with a road at night. >The patient in this case would not see a psychiatrist since he's not depressed or mentally ill. Severe pain due to psychosomatic causes sounds like mental illness to me. >Instead he would be sent to a psychologist who can only recommend further therapy. No, they can also strongly recommend that they see a psychiatrist for potential medications. >The patient in this case would not see a psychiatrist since he's not depressed or mentally ill. Every health system I've dealt with funnels to medication pretty strongly. Therapy is a slow process and medication allows a patient to not be in distress during the years it can take. >Therapy is something to do as part of diagnosing your ailment. Therapy is a slow process that in the best of cases can take years to work and longer in other cases. It is a shitty approach to diagnosis. In most places the fire department will do unannounced inspections periodically and in case of a complaint. >Because patients often insist on medication because they do not accept that the ailment can't immediately be diagnosed. Not my experience both personally and with those I know regarding mental illness. Doctors are quick to diagnose mental illnesses (correctly or not) and prescribe medications for them (even if the patient is hesitant). Some health systems even make it nearly impossible to get a therapist (we can see you once a month starting in two months...) but not a psychiatrist. >Or more to the point: how many startups never happen because the right people are unable to manage the personal risk of leaving defined employment? I'd argue this has more to do with the low salaries expected of startup founders more than anything. Hard to stomach them unless you've got significant savings already or no dependents. COBRA allows for 18 months of coverage under your previous employer's plan. Cal-COBRA allows for 36 months of coverage. All you have to do is pay the full premiums ( When I left my job for a year of relaxing health insurance was nowhere near a concern since I just paid the COBRA premiums. edit: And if you're under 26 you can be on your parent's health plan. edit2: Also, talking about couch surfing pretty much highlights my point about dependents. I'm guessing neither you nor the people you talked to are old enough to have kids. The adult content is what differentiated tumblr from other platforms, users came to tumblr for it and stayed to view other content. Remove it and those users decide it's not worth sticking around versus twitter/facebook/whatever. So while you don't lose as much content you do lose a proportionally larger percentage of users (50% seems to be cited). And once those users leave the creators of sfw content will start to move to other platforms. Or in other words porn was free marketing and lead generation for tumblr. I somehow doubt a buyer will be willing to put in enough money to make up for it. Except from what everyone is saying and the drop in traffic people are observing it drove multiples of SFW traffic. The porn kept and drove users but they also viewed plenty of SFW content as well. You can monetize the SFW side of things. When I flew in Europe recently they gave an announcement saying using power banks in flight is prohibited. Wheels are pretty solidly mounted to cars with large pieces of metal. Tires do blow out however then you still have some control. Props on the other hands can have electrical component failures, wiring failures, engine failure, bird ingestion induced failures, control instrument failures, etc. Remember that each vehicle has four times these components (ie: four times the failure rate) and the failure of any is a crash. Just a lot more potential things that can fail and cause a catastrophic accident. Founder cashed out, they're losing almost as much money as incoming revenue, multiple classes of shares with different voting rights, etc. Does anyone know what the positives are of the company? It's actually a 100km/h collision done twice. Each car goes from 100 to 0, not from 200 to 0. There's twice the energy but it's distributed across the two cars so for each one it's equivalent to hitting a stationary wall. That said, based on this video I don't think an actual 200km/h is anywhere near survivable for the average modern car: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmRkPyuet_o Possibly higher end sports cars with cages and five point harnesses may fare better. The greatest difficulty with code is not in writing it but in reading it. >I think the article misses the point: are we now in an era where you actually expect to get stock when you join a company? If you join with the expectation of stock or are sold on stock as part of your package then yes. Based on the article, people were offered stock contingent on another funding round. That round never happened. If they were sold on promises of getting that stock and a round happening then they're right to be pissed. This has, as I read it, nothing to do with a company that just decides to not give out promises of stock in any form. That depends on what exactly the company said to candidates and how upfront they were about the terms. In my experience companies do far more selling than just sending out an offer. Furthermore, the offer in my experience doesn't include the paperwork for equity unless you request to review it. Most startups, by a large margin, fail either outright or equity wise (ie: sell for less than was put in). Many more sell for only a moderate amount which gives a relatively small equity payout (after dilution, etc.). The average compensation of employees at other similar companies was probably lower once you account for all that. You can't judge the outcome of buying lottery tickets by only looking at the winners. Did it include the detailed paperwork for the equity which would include all terms such as requiring conversion to a corporation? Or was it just a number that you assumed didn't have any gotcha clauses attached? That statement, to me, is nothing but looking at history with rose tinted glasses. History is filled with horrible horrible things that society happily allowed to happen. Eventually people protested or revolted but that took decades of horrible abuse. That's not even getting into the horrible things people allowed if they happened to someone else. Then again I guess it's easier to blame modern culture rather than inherent human nature. Blaming the latter doesn't sell well. If it's a good decision then you shouldn't have to ask for forgiveness rather than permission. It's also, if it's not just a pet technology, a strategic decision that impacts everyone on your team and it's pure ego to think you should make that decision alone. edit: Got confused by the title not actually matching the article title and having click-bait information added to it that didn't appear in the original. The word tricked. Good point, didn't realize they changed the original title since that's almost almost frowned upon on HN. The energies of even less exotic stars are insane. If we could capture 1 second worth of our sun's output then we could power earth for almost a million years. Theoretically we'd eventually cook the Earth with waste heat since energy is never lost so there is an upper limit for energy usage on the planet. Off Earth, not so much. Adam controls the majority of voting right to the company and the board (made up of VCs) doesn't want a messy legal fight since they stand to lose money if We tanks. So a moderate amount of graft is tolerated since the alternative is less desirable. It's basically a modern ponzi scheme as I see it. The VCs make money at the expense of people who buy post-IPO. Because direct collaboration scales as O(N^2) in terms of person-to-person interactions which becomes rather big as N grows. Having everyone spend 80 hours a week in meetings and still only understanding 1% of the business seems a silly use of time and rather inefficient in actually getting things done. Thus you get managers who are the ones in meeting with other managers which leads to a smaller N. The problem is that the world is not filled with superman. People who can code, lead, manage down, manage up, do product and so on are very rare. Ones who can do all those well are even rarer. By focusing on coding you get people, who to be blunt, can't manage or lead well. Which leads to more conflicts and issues than it fixes in my experience. Even if you find such people you get into the problem of them stepping on toes because they or others don't realize which hat they're wearing at a moment (ie: are they talking as an IC or as a manager). Plus, at the end of the data, a good manager should aim to hire people smarter and better than them. If they can step in for those people quickly then they're not hiring better or smarter people which is a problem. A first line manager should understand what people do but that is different from being able to do their job to the same level. >Really advanced creatures would simply reduce their demand and live in the same beautiful place instead, occasionally feeding surplus energy to their scientifical interests. Which works right until an asteroid strikes their planet, a gamma ray burst sterilizes their solar system or a more aggressive species eats them all. The universe is in no way nicer, calmer or more pleasant than the earth itself and look what the earth has produced. >But what if I want to join a startup so I can build out the stack of my dreams while accomplishing whatever business goals are set? The article would argue that the startup has a higher chance of failing then since you're focusing on what you personally want rather than what the business/customers need. Startups aren't big companies, the business goals are always "get as much of this done as possible as soon as possible" rather than "we need X by Y." You can't execute on the minimum needs of the business and expect success. >I’m assuming if you _join_ a startup, rather then creating or co-founding one, there’s already a product person on board. In a traditional company the product people (ie: those who define product and how product interacts with technology) includes engineering management (CTO, VP Eng, etc.). It's not just the people with product in their titles. In a startup, however, there isn't a deep hierarchy so that job falls onto everyone in engineering. >which is pretty hard to accomplish At my last two companies we used Terraform and Kubernetes with everything stored as text in git. Has worked pretty well. There's some search/replace issues in the text. For example, it seems 'us' was replaced with 'United States' which results in India's visa info having this sort of text: "You mUnited Statest apply at least 4 days". Previous discussion from yesterday: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20752116 If I'm an American visiting Canada then I would also be charged for any medical services I get in Canada as I do not pay taxes there nor have insurance in Canada. edit: And the fees aren't trivial. https://www.qch.on.ca/uploads/Finance/Fees%20for%20Cdns%20wi... >What stops WeWork from embracing the Uber model? Maybe you have an empty flat, you can turn it into WeWork location by furnishing the place according to the WeWork standarts and install some kind of kiosk and smart lock system. Uber makes the driver to use cars that obey certain standarts, why wouldn't WeWork do the same and "scale overnight"? Everything is possible but that's worthless until someone actually does it. Uber, AirBnB, etc. have already done those things. WeWork hasn't. Until it does, it's perfectly valid to say it hasn't proven it can and to assume it can't. People care about what impacts or relates to them. That's human nature. Even your example was "my country" which is something that relates to you. Phoenix isn't that bad since it's got cool nights and low humidity which you can work with. Florida on the other hand, good luck. I'm skeptical. Jaipur, right now during the day, has 60% humidity at 90F. If you lower your temperature with transfer into the ground then you're not lowering humidity but only temperature. That means relative humidity will go UP. I suspect even 80F at 90+% humidity will feel really unpleasant. Until relative humidity hits 100% at 80F and you hate your life (and your house due to the condensing moisture). Air conditioning is in large part about humidity control which using the ground will actually increase as best I can tell. Your quote is about Jaipur and not Phoenix. I am responding to your quote. >If mobile numbers in your country are in the 2________ range, how feasible is it to add millions of phone numbers to your contact list to find out the number of someone? I think this is nonsensical. If you're a state actor probably pretty easy. Get a couple thousand rooted remote controllable android devices (which you probably already have for other projects) and have them automatically add 10k phones numbers each. Then have them join public telegraph lists and check for matches. Now you have gone through 10 million phone numbers. Run it in a loop 10 times and you have 100 million. Might take a few days to setup and run. I don't see why this is infeasible in any way to do if you have a moderate budget (ie: state actor). edit: And if your target is in your jurisdiction then you probably have a good mapping of names to phone numbers already. >The firm that's paying you more is signalling that it's financially healthy and taking right business decisions. I care why exactly about any of that? If the firm goes under then I move to another one. I have no vested interest except in my own level of happiness. >I think the point of the project is pointless: getting into an on demand car to take you to someplace that isn’t where you are going. You use an app to call a car. You walk potentially a few blocks, then wait, to get in the car. That takes you somewhere else where you wait again to get on a train, to then take you to another train station which incidentally isn’t your exact destination either. It sounds like a good way to make a 20 minute trip turn into an hour trip. Yes, it's public transit, you trade money for time, like all public transit. It also lowers road congestion for the city. By your logic all public transit should be abolished and replaced by cars, right? Personally I disagree with both the article and most of the comments. I don't particularly care about meaningful work, I enjoy solving problems that matter and I'm good at it so I want to do that. Retirement, however, doesn't interest me since most interesting impact-full problems are in industry. I actually like having a boss who does all the boring things regarding running a company so I don't have to. At the same time I will trade money for a less stressful job (ie: less politics, better boss, less boring work, etc.). >We did that. It’s called the entire south. And that’s why cities like New York lose more residents to Phoenix, Atlanta, and Dallas than they get from those places. That's mostly due to those places being cheap to live in. Which implies, as we're a capitalistic society, that people value living there a lot less than they value living in NYC. NYC is full and yet people will pay ever more money to live here. To me, meaningful would mean something like helping the poor or working for a decent non-profit. On the other hand, working for an ad-tech company and increasing revenue by 40% through some machine learning would have impact (on the company, clients, users, etc.) but not be particularly meaningful. In a nutshell, because suburbs are boring. They're low density even if you account for increased travel radius due to cars. That means you have a smaller concentration of people for events/stores/restaurants/etc. which means you have fewer events/stores/restaurants/etc. Especially once you move away from the most common mainstream events/stores/restaurants/etc since those cater to a much smaller subset of the population (which in suburbs is too small to sustain a business). My read seems to be: don't use ECS at large scale or you'll need some really convoluted hacks. I'd expect any decent infrastructure tool to be able to handle 4000 processes/containers. Kubernetes, for example, claims to support 300000 containers across 5000 nodes. Mesos supported 50k+ from what I understand. Hadoop scales to over 10000 nodes. EKS has had networking layer issues in the past from personal experience and I've heard from good engineers that their CNI layer code (which is open source) is not very good. That would make me concerned on how well EKS (which is different from Kubernetes itself) can scale and what edge cases you're liable to hit. >internal promotion of engineers to engineering managers That assumes you have ICs who want to and have the skills to go into management. Promoting people for the sake of filling a chair leads to really bad dynamics. Moreover, newly promoted managers lack experience and if all you have is the blind leading he blind then it tends to create issues. You need some seasoned people in the mix to provide guidance. a) Etsy doesn't want that since they want to maximize their own revenue b) Preventing people from seeing a path to this being a full time job makes Etsy less appealing even to small time sellers My opinion on this. Cities which see themselves as bastions of progressiveness are less inclined to crack down on homelessness (since many are people who need help rather than punishment). If they try to fix the social issues around it (provide housing, services, etc.) then I suspect you'd see an influx of homeless people into those cities (thus not really solving the problem). Especially in cities where you can live on the streets year round without weather killing you. It's a tough problem because cracking down on homeless people I feel tends to leak into cracking down on other marginalized groups (the poor, minorities, etc.). Who is they? Etsy managed to grow by taking on VC money which comes with strings attached. It then went public, to satisfy the VCs, which also comes with strings attached. Moreover, if not for VC money then they probably wouldn't have taken over the market compared to a better funded competitor. So, to me, the they here is the whole VC ecosystem. I'm saying that it can't just do that even if some people want exactly that. Personally I feel the optimal solution is a nation wide social support program but that will never happen in the US. Beyond that I'm as stumped as everyone else. Where is the line? If you stole something at 16 does that mean you're to be shunned from society forever? Is the line rape? Is it murder? Sexual assault? Being a nazi? Being a conservative? Being a liberal? Associating with someone in the shunned group? And what aren't we allowed to do with these people? Accept their money? Talk to them? Have dinner with them? Be in the same room as them? Same building? Be friends with friends of theirs? The comment I responded to did not mention Epstein in any way or form. AWS K8 either requires managing the master(s)/etcd yourself or paying amazon to do it via EKS. Amazon charges $150/cluster/month for the masters/etcd in EKS. As I understand it, Google and Digital Ocean charge $0/month for the master(s)/etcd. So if $150/cluster/month is an amount that matters to you then you shouldn't use EKS. >including the CEO Didn't the CEO/founder liquidate like $700 million during a previous round meaning he doesn't care? The capitol corridor goes to Sacramento and not LA. The Amtrak from SF (well Oakland) to LA leaves at 9am and arrives at 9pm. The one coming back leaves at 10am and arrives at 10pm. Hardly convenient timing and 4 hours slower than the bus (and that's without even counting the BART time to get into SF itself). Why are people down voting this? ceejayoz cited specific quotes with references. Seems sort of hypocritical to me that people who seem to be arguing for the freedom of intellectual debate do the exact opposite if facts don't line up in their favor. The way I see it, the fight for gay marriage cannot be looked at without historical context. In many countries for a long time gay relationships were illegal. Punishable by jail or worse. Gay marriage is simply a step on a long road towards legalizing gay relationships. It doesn't matter what it would be called, historically gay people would not have been allowed to participate. That is a valid counter-argument, intellectual debate would be posting it rather than silently down voting. As of my post no one has responded anywhere with it. They have however downvoted ceejayoz although the votes now seem to have become net positive again. >the solution is to have the state get out of the business of sanctioning it. Legality is tied to morality and morality is tied to religion (in those who believe in religion). You cannot separate them out in a society with high regard for religion. Even if you remove religion you still have the cultural views on morality which become tied to the state's laws. >Morals only concern religion. Morality is much broader than religion. A non-religious culture would have a moral guideline based on it's view on what is wrong and right. Likewise a non-religious philosophies have systems of morality. Religion is one driver of a societies morality although there's some chicken and egg questions in there (ie: is religion merely parroting a cultures pre-existing moral views). Laws, as I see it, are mostly attempts to codify a societies morality so that it can be enforced centrally and systematically instead of piece meal and locally. Hasn't Adam already cashed out $700 million during a previous round? Salary is how companies distribute value to employees and Microsoft paid it's employees. Many people would prefer cold hard cash over stock that may be nothing but fireplace lighting material in five years. Likewise making 30% less this year because the company did badly for reasons in no way related to you doesn't sit well with many people either. Anyone have a TLDR summary of the bill? From the twitter posts, seems like it removes the per-nation cap on Green cards. Is there an overall cap on green cards across nations? In other words does the pain just get spread onto everyone or does it actually improve things? >This perception is just based on my own company, in which I (an American) seem to be in a tiny minority compared to Indian H1-Bs. The question is, which of these two seems better to you? * Someone comes to the US, works 10 years on an H1-B, and then goes back to India afterwards. * Someones comes to the US, works 10 years on an H1-B, get's a green card and stays in the US. >My solution is: take a piece of the federal budget and give $1-3MM to anyone with a far fetched idea that has a prototype to back it up. No long processes. If 30K -mostly students- a year get a mill to develop their thing, I suspect we would find ourselves way into the future in just a decade. And that’s just $30-90B/y Ideas require good execution to be off any value and money doesn't buy that. Look at all the Kickstarters which over-funded and failed because the people running them had no ideas about manufacturing, finances, physics, engineering, etc. Many of those Kickstarters also had or claimed to have prototypes. Let's use your example. I can buy a small reusable toy rocket at a hobby store. It will fly up a few hundred feet and come down by parachute in one piece. I can build a somewhat bigger one from pieces as well, there's college competitions around such things. That provides about 0.0001% of the work, skills, etc. needed to build one that can reach orbit and carry an actual payload. In other words, there is basically no relation between the small scale prototype and the actual useful product. A million is also a uselessly small amount of money for such a thing. SpaceX probably went through at least $200 million before it's first Falcon 1 flight. edit: Btw, parachute approach doesn't scale but it works in a small scale prototype. So you gain little knowledge of full scale re-usability from such prototype. However, you've said minimal bureaucracy so no system for doing such in-depth due diligence.