Start this trend, please: TWO sets of arrows. The first set indicates: Yes, I agree, or No, I don't agree. The second set is only ONE arrow, pointing down. This means, "This comment is spam/offensive/offtopic." It's too bad. Javascript-in-the-browser and Ajax are both nasty hacks that force programmers to do all sorts of shameful things. And the result is--wanky html tricks. Java, for its faults, is fairly clean when run in the applet environment. It has every superiority over JITBAJAX, except for install issues and a chunky load process. Yahoo games seems like just about the only applet success story. Of course, back in the day, non-trivial Applets tended to be too large for the dial-up accounts people had. At least that is changed. "TechCrunch, FeedBurner, iStockPhoto, YouSendIt, Meebo, Vimeo and Alexaholic. These are some of the most popular websites on the Internet. " Huh? Reminds me of an old person who had a stroke and has to shamblingly re-learn how to walk. Accidental clicks are 95% of Clicks. You probably have a better spirit than I do. I have [well over 15k], and really enough to live on for years without FTE, but I'm waiting until I actually have a revenue stream before quitting my job. "By the way..." Pre-alpha. Looks a little too cartoony for a financial app. Actually, umm, if Windows media player looked like this, I'd say the same thing: Too cartoony. Just to give you a baseline. I could use something which cost about 1/10th what this knife did to the same end. But it's handmade... Amazon has those knives at 55 dollars. Maybe he's using a different model, but you aren't going to get a handcrafted knife for 55 dollars. It would take at least a day to make from raw materials, and that's not much of a salary in France. If one Steve is rare, two Steves are rarer. Maybe someone could do the math, but it's pretty obvious. "pine became Gmail" Yeah. Google invented online email. Seriously, does google pay for fanboyism by the pound or what? Geez. I don't know. I can't think of any video sites offhand that are _worse_ than youtube in most respects. The player is small, grainy, hard to control. The "community" is full of appalling idiots. The search feature is the worst I've ever seen. They did scale it very well--outages seemed minimal. I'm sure that is the greatest technical challenge for video. Flickr is a real puzzle. Any jackass could have made that site. I think the stars just aligned for them. People can flippantly say things like, "Oh, Microsoft got lucky" or whatever, because they did get some breaks. But MSFT also did real work, not easily replicated. Flickr--geez. Most online stores have a photograph engine of some sort that does the same thing, as just one tiny feature. I'm a programmer, so it's pretty rare for me to disdain someone for being a nerd, but, geez-o-man, there's nothing like Larry Page in action. Oh, have you seen his girlfriend: http://static.flickr.com/47/112343641_e3af8465d9.jpg Webapps are sort of a throwback to the dumb terminal + mainframe model. This has certain advantages, and where those advantages apply, of course you're going to be successful. If you don't mind having less than 100 percent control over your email, and don't mind google's data mining it for [any|all] reasons, then go ahead and use gmail. Large corporations aren't going to do this, if only for legal reasons. Quick impression: Has the rough look of a squatting site. The bold, underlined titles remind me of the style used in v|agra spam. The google ads are too numerous. I strongly recommend getting rid of them until you get serious traffic. They'll turn away potential users. Okay--those are just style issues, subject to opinion. Facebook is referred to as an imitation of MySpace. Of course, Friendster was earlier, but really--they're all just online Frontpages, aren't they? (I've never used any of them, actually.) About Flickr: "so we built a lot of features that were deliberately viral." Ugh. A raw FTP server has half the features of Flickr, and 95 percent of the features that actually matter. It's reading panegyrics about upload-your-photo services that trouble me: Are we all just hacks? I mean, it wasn't so long ago the entrepenuership meant building railroads and auto factories. Now--you can be a millionaire if you use the " Another question: Let's say you've already spent considerable time (12-24 months, say) developing a product and then find somebody to partner with. What is the breakdown in company ownership? Certainly not 50/50 or even 60/40, I would think. Open up a newspaper, and look at some of the strips. Rubbish. Absolute utter rubbish. And yet they all got published! Somebody looked at them and said, "Yep, that's a winner." And here, unsurprisingly, is Watterson talking about how hard it was to get into print. Maybe--since this website is intended for businesspeople as much as creators--maybe it would be fitting if everyone remembered just how completely powerful people can fail--and not even realize it, nor be punished for it. See, this is why wordpad generates more revenue than Word. Ugh. Macintoshes. I know pg came out in their favor a while ago ("All the hackers I know are switching to Macs"...something like that). But, man, to see it in reality. My mother has an older OSX machine. What a piece of work. Even the parts of it that are supposed to be good, like the interface, are just clumsy. The mouse is ungainly, with one big "button", making a laughable full-palm-press-down the most reliable way to click. The scrollbars and window-edges are mysteriously hard to grab. The icons in the taskbar would have seemed childish to me when I was 10. The power of Unix is pretty well hidden. If I'm on my linux machine, you can bet I'm not using KDE. Without the shell, linux might as well be Windows. Now, if it was OSX vs. Windows 98, sure. But XP (*) is stable and the candy colors are easily removed. The security problems only concern the ignorant. I'm not too impressed by people who will pay a 400-800 dollar premium for the geek equivilent of a status symbol. (*) I've never used Vista. http://www.tigerdirect.com/applications/SearchTools/item-details.asp?EdpNo=2853515&CatId=2511 Versus http://store.apple.com/1-800-MY-APPLE/WebObjects/AppleStore?family=MacBookPro These are comparable systems, but the Apple has, as I said, roughly an 800 dollar premium. Actually, the cheapest macbook pro costs the same as the high-end Toshiba. If you make good money, it's not a big deal. But when the girl in the coffeehouse asks me what kind of computer she should get to go along with her minimum wage, I'm basically scum to recommend an Apple. The music business, huh? Finally, we're going to start roping in the chicks! Just like back in the FORTRAN days! Seems odd to witness a lot of business-type people arguing (or at least leaning) in favor of copyright infringement. I mean, we could argue for a while about whether some kid should be allowed to download songs off of bittorrent. That's just some kid. But then, you have a huge corporation doing almost the same (okay, okay, with all due equivocations, like: They're only hosting/distributing, not uploading). Well, google isn't distributing video out of a love of the artform. I mean, person X builds/owns something, and person Y profits from it, or at least tries to. See no problem there? It might come down to "might makes right" here, if google has sufficiently expensive lawyers. The seemingly obvious solution is to tack a 15-second advertisement on the videos and then share the proceeds with the owner. And vote THIS up if you want there to be user-configurable values via SQL injection exploits: http://news.ycombinator.com/x?fnid="begin;update Skins set Font='Comic Sans' where userName='mynameishere';commit;" "insanely great things the man has said" What the eff? Something about dead fish and the Japanese? All right, whatever. Very insanely great, indeed. Reminds me of a certain information minister for both coherence and modesty: http://welovetheiraqiinformationminister.com/ He's a good businessman, though. He took an early lead in the PC business and turned it into this generation's Sony Walkman knockoff + an overpriced Intel machine running Unix. Oh, and Wired magazine thinks his utterances are "insanely great": "The products suck! There's no sex in them anymore!" Steve, I owned an Apple II. There wasn't a mother Theresa pinup calendar's worth of sex in it. _Problem Area 3: Mouse precision ... Windows Vista scored a Mouse Precision Error Coefficient of 0.52, compared with 0.40 for Windows XP, and 0.08 (!) for Mac OS X_ Not even sure how to approach this in a critical way. It reminds me of the sort of made-up, seemingly-mathmatical, but ultimately befuddling stats that you sometimes here in infomercials for copper-wrist band arthritis cures. The windows mouse pointer seems to work on a pixel-by-pixel basis, when moving slowly. Not sure what kind of precision they are after. And if there was some serious problem, then gamers, who 1) Rely upon precise mouse movements and 2) Have low transition costs, would have moved to Macs a long, long, long time ago. Not sure why you're giving up. The fundamental problem with your website is that it has (by now) been done to death. You aren't going to get away from that particular problem with this: _It’s a new site that will allow you to keep all of your day to day information online, so you can access it anywhere._ Just some honest advice here, coz' I'd hate to see somebody spend months and months to do something so unspecific and, well, done-to-death. Did you notice that news.yc became reasonably popular almost the second that it started? Well, Paul Graham has a built-in audience, and that's how it happened. reddit is popular for a similar reason: Both pg and Joel Spolsky gave it some promotion. So, you know, you can't expect a similar trajectory. Two differences: 1. Your example is _extremely_ specific, and so will match up closely with the needs a particular (small) percentage of people. A news aggregator is very general. The whole reddit audience could shift to klipboardz tomorrow with little effect. That "little effect" is actually a bad thing. Little bad effect, but also little good effect. 2. Your example is a document, and not a service. In short: There are many, many more websites that make it to the top of reddit or digg, than there are reddits or diggs. _Microsoft, because it invented the XMLHTTP object and without Google standing forth on this aspect, you wouldnt have been able to see any of the above mentioned miracles imparted to the web today_ That's the most badly constructed sentence I hope to read all day. Don't feel like reading that. Here is the headline from twitter's website: "A global community of friends and strangers answering one simple question: What are you doing?" Okay. This sounds like a bad parody of the worst aspects of Web 2.0. I mean: I'm not sure how such silliness can be "TOO good". Is it good at all? Walk around any college campus and you are likely to hear the following half-conversation coming from somebody talking to his cellphone: Person X: Whuzzu? Person X: Not much. Just leaving class. Person X: Yeah, just going to class. Person X: Whuzzu. [click]. How to monetize that? Twitter? Whuzzu? Mistake #8. Causing unneeded confusion with the name: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samba_%28software%29 Keep talking. http://www.musiciansfriend.com/product/Neumann-U87-Ai-Shockmount-Set-Z-Microphone-with-Box?sku=271404 Sorry for the extreme confusion. You mentioned making a "great album". When artists go to make a "great album" they need to use great tools. Great tools are expensive. Ergo, 1000 dollars isn't going to do it. "There's a lot more to recording a band than having an expensive microphone." Indeed there is. Great point. Really great. Having _multiple_ good microphones is just one tiny necessity. It's just one tiny expense compared to everything else, and so that is why I linked to _one_ item. Do you want me to provide links to mixing boards, high-end reel-to-reels, synths, pianos, rental prices on orchestras, estimated costs of studio musicians, singers, engineers, producers, etc, etc? Because all of those things cost more than even very expensive microphones. Hope I've cleared up the bewilderment. Wow. What college did you go to? Unless you're talking about some particularily interesting skirt, I would have missed that... Well, he was an advocate of eugenics. He looked at the data available to him and came to a reasonable conclusion. But "reason", you may have noticed, can really, really piss people off when it goes up against conclusions they've drawn from other sources. As an experiment, write down the 10-15 best arguments you have against the practice of tattooing. Then, go up to someone who has tattoos and say, "Here are the reasons why tattoos are bad." Prepare for some incredible, but mute, rage staring you down after that. Now, try the same thing with human biology: "Here are the top 10 reasons why low-IQ people should undergo voluntary sterilization". The reaction is quite a bit worse. "In the old days," No. In the old days, home equipment had one track, and studio equipment had one track. Sgt. Pepper was recorded on a 4-track--what distinquished them were the things that you just can't get in your garage: Studio-quality accoustics, a vast array of equipment, world-class instruments and studio musicians, producers, arrangers, etc. Yeah, if you want to be the next White Stripes, okay, maybe you can pull it off. But then you aren't dealing with "great albums" by any measure. Sorry about all this; it just bugs me when people think things come cheap when they don't. Yeah, but there's _two_: http://www.socializr.com/ http://www.socializer.com/ So now they have an evil triplet. He should call it MySocializr.com You might want to hire a real videographer. The production quality was just too low to tolerate. Sorry. I don't get it. Sign up, "bid" everything on one girl, if it doesn't work, close the account and repeat. ??? Easy to game, and I'm not sure why any woman would care two cents for some meaningless "bids" in contrast with _any_ real-world criteria. LISP is faster than Java? With all that pounding on the stack? I'd have to see it to believe it. Anyway, FORTRAN is still faster than C at a lot of things. At the top of the Wiki, have two text boxes, with the first one editable, and the second automatic: Wiki [UserEnteredTitle] [ http://wamily.com/wiki/username/UserEnteredTitle.html] Then, non-members can see the text without any fuss. Now that I think about it, I don't see any way to easily link to my homepage: http://wamily.com/username/ One of two questions: 1. Why would they quit? 2. Why is this funny? XP is stable. It loads executables, runs them, moves files around etc, without much fuss. Google's code runs mostly on interpreters, so...wtf? The only people who should care are the accountants who would have to pay Microsoft. I mean: Is the punchline, "Ha, ha, google's engineers really are as immature as the bean bag chairs suggest"? (I withdraw my question if the answer is, "Because they wouldn't want to spend months on useless administrative tasks like re-installing OSes.") This is just the sort of request that would attract sharks. You haven't gotten too many rejection letters then: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rejection_Letter This falls in the not-very-good category of "mass printed letter". http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/shark Shark2 def 1 Good way to lose money: Believe free advice from Goldman Sachs (or any financial corp). "go where?" I don't get it. At any rate, failure is a part of business. Think of a store owner: He sits and watches people enter and exit all day long without buying anything. Failure, failure, failure. If you can't stomach it, then _that_ is your real problem, not what PG thinks--remember that PG has his prejudices when it comes to technology, and I don't think he likes games very much. So...if Microsoft is like the Israili army...who are the Palestinians? (!!!) I'd rather re-implement LISP (as in Greenspun's 10th law) than Oracle. LOL keep downmodding me. I'd love to see the hashmap-based transaction handling. Was it as good as this: http://worsethanfailure.com/Articles/I_Think_I_0x27_ll_Call_Them__0x26_quot_0x3b_Transactions_0x26_quot_0x3b_.aspx _molded to fit the problem_ Most problems I've worked on had to take scaling, concurrency, searching/lookup, report generation (joining), etc, into account...all of which a dbms gives you out of the box. Maybe we're dealing with _very_ different kinds of problems. Web-based OS. LOL: CPU multitasking ... OS Scheduler ... Threads as implemented by C++ or whatever ... Browser ... Javascript Interpreter ... Faked-out single-threaded multi-thread emulator ... "Browser-based OS". And of course, if you want an "application" in your "OS" you can always fire up Sun HotSpot. Umm. What functionality? I prefere wolfenstein in javascript: http://www.wolf5k.com/ Pretty neat app. Seems like a lot of the material depends upon multiple, overlapping copyright violations, however. The licensing sort of adds insult to that: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/ [quote] You are free: to Share Â— to copy, distribute and transmit the work [/quote] ...umm. Not really. _That means they're less likely to stick you with a business guy as CEO, like VCs used to do in the 90s. If you seem smart and want to do it, they'll let you run the company_ "Let you run the company" ? Surely a single round of funding doesn't take majority ownership from the founders? I hear its COBOL replacement went open-source a while ago. Of course, everyone is rooting for google because they love their free content, but when you seat people on a jury, then tend to take things seriously. The law says "don't do X". Google does "X". ...15 minutes of deliberations later... Google is found liable for doing "X". It's really straightforward, and arguments about information wanting to be free don't really work in a courtroom setting. Ease of deployment/integration is the crucial issue, of course. The Javascript+DOM+xmlhtmlrequest model is just so horrendously, hackishly chicken-wired I'm always ashamed to even touch it...much less use it professionally. Flash and java applets from day ONE were superior in every, single way...utterly superior...except when it comes to deployment/integration. Java applets have the habit of seizing up the machine and mysteriously failing to load...flash is a bit better, but is gradually turning into this decade's popup launcher. Neither work well with webpages. Their failure to really become platforms just shows that an extra second or two of wait time can be a competitive killer. But, if MSFT can do this right, goodbye javascript. Geez, pick another name. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Stallman I tried to run the silverlight demo and it didn't seem to work either, so...more of the same. They had a backup server. Misplaced automation is the villain. Makes sense to automate a task that you do 100+ times a day, but backups are generally run once a day, and are recovered maybe once a year. My backup system involves a script with a bunch of copy commands that I can see flying by in the console as they work. This is off-topic, but the eventual replacement of televisions by computers+broadband annoys me for one simple reason: I purposefully threw away my TV years ago, and now I find the medium encroaching upon my life again. Oh, well. Great. What's their svn login info? It's a good article, and he sounds like a smart/decent chap. Funny thing is, from the earliest days, I've learned Pavlovian-like to respond to the word "Tripod" on any webpages by clicking the red "X" as fast as possible. Oh, well. I'm told that it's awesome. Vote up to substantiate this assertion. Re: Applets don't work. Let's all try this: http://www.jupload.biz/demo/0.90/index-demo.html Tell me if it doesn't work. "Google was based on a couple of brilliant ideas (Page rank, text-only ads, massive parallel implementation on cheap hardware) but none of those ideas were original with Larry or Sergey." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PageRank "PageRank was developed at Stanford University by Larry Page (hence the name Page-Rank[1]) and Sergey Brin " Geez, it's only named after him. Also: text-only ads are somewhat less brilliant than any number of things msft has done. Yeah--they _work_, but they aren't brilliant, and they sure as hell aren't original. Massive parallel implementation, of course, is hardly an "idea" of google's. Substitute "Amtrak" and it's basically the same story. I'll just throw out a bit of advice for no good reason: Don't name anything after a file format. They tend to go obsolete. Young or old? Rock music: Young is better. Classical music: Old is okay. Software business: Young is better. Manufacturing business: Old is okay. Mathematics: Young is better. Literature: Old is okay (actually, better). Chess: Young is better. (I could probably beat Fischer by now.) Contract bridge: Old is okay. (Don't laugh--Gates and Buffett play). Revolutionary conflict: Young is better. Invading Russia: Old is okay. http://juwo.com/main.html Yeah, and then he needs to test his site in Firefox. And then he needs to get rid of the "Donate $5" link. And then he needs to drop his dependency on ActiveX _AND_ Java. And then... And then he needs to stop using the "My First Webpage" style of links, "Click here", "Click here", "Click here". And then he needs to demote "(Note: No warranties nor liability, express or implied)." from being a banner headline. And then he needs to... http://juwo.com/nodepad/demos/boss/dentist.html Oh, dear lord. Listen, I've probably spent more time looking at your website than 99 percent of the people who've clicked on it. Try to understand this: _I still haven't the first clue what it is you're selling_ Okay? The reason no one is playing with the demos is because the website itself is like unto cerberus the dog of hell, protecting the product from all who draw near. Have ONE main webpage. Have this contain: 2-3 sentences that explain what the product does, and a use case. Example: "auto-ebay-1000 is a tool to automate routine tasks performed by ebay sellers. If you have 50 items to sell, auto-ebay-1000 can upload them to ebay, track them, and alert you to bids" Then have three links: 1) screen shots 2) Demo 3) How to buy Look at a quasi use case that you have: Do you feel, “Thoughts and ideas come to me at awkward times, unexpected places and not in neat order. I really wish there was an easier way for me to capture them". ...okay. The solution to that "problem" is: Pen and paper. Or a voice recorder. Is Juwo a voice recorder? Okay, fine: But an "unexpected place" is presumably one where I'm not at my computer. See? Your use case doesn't fit. _consider keeping a controlling voting interest in the company_ Not sure why this would ever be in question. Giving 1/3 of a company to a stranger is frankly inconceivable to me. Well, on the bright side, they're working for _you_ now, since you still own a large chunk of it. Seems like misplaced irony. Now, you're going to hear a lot about how wonderful LISP (etc, etc) is, but remember that almost every _real_ application is in C (Unix), C++ (games, other desktop apps), or Java (50 million goddawful enterprise backends). Try grazing. I recommend the open range. Why have invite codes at all? Just let people in the site. Speculation creates a market and helps resolve real prices (rather than phony prices--for example, 10 dollars a year for every domain, whether weddingshoes.com or xxxyalfjadsgjg.com) I agree. Free drinks are basically worthless--to the point of it seeming like a desperate come-on. Free food just means, "You are expected to stay here for lunch and talk business." The big questions are: 1. Money, benefits, vacation. 2. Do I get an office? 3. How much time do I spend fixing other people's bugs? Actually, 70% of the cells in the human body are E. Coli! I wonder what they're all working on. "Google is now adding about 500 workers each month" Hmm...500 people. By my calculus, 500 people should be able to implement about 100 business concepts every 1-3 years. That seems off somehow, but...well, they can't all be system admins, can they? Take a look at google labs: http://labs.google.com/ How many of those things make money? Some of them seem to be a part of a long-term Orwellian strategy: http://webaccelerator.google.com/ ...but I don't really see the revenue stream. What are they doing with all of those people except mocking up start-up environments and hoping for the occasional big hit? Wouldn't it be cheaper to just let the free market work, and buy other people's companies as needed? I am grown up. Thanks. If you read the spec for web accelerator, you will see that it will allow google to know exactly what you are looking at at all times. This fits the definition of the word "Orwellian" as I used it. Man, I can't wait for the day when google stops being untouchable. What the..? Who upmodded this guy? Go back to Sunday school. No experimentation! None!!! (Unless you're joking.) The only times I've responded to advertisements, I've copy-and-pasted the URL of the destination and put it in the address bar, to avoid any payment from anyone. _That's_ how bad techie people can be for business. My mother, on the other hand, will sit and read pop ups. Yes, but real value can be _delivered_ by trickery. "more excited than you" I'm willing to guess this is true. Oh, for the love of beans, they're taking the words straight from the mouth of St. Paul: http://www.paulgraham.com/pypar.html What he did was a bit closer to a marketing study than a drug trial. This is best: Utility.isEmpty(s); I think google's indexing of ad content is a minor problem relative to the fact that it is an accessory to millions upon millions upon millions of spam sites. But really, c'mon. I know, I know, I know, everybody loves them and they can never do wrong, but...a multi-billion dollar corporation whose business model is dependent upon people accidentally clicking links? _have to be politically disadvantaged_ I'm going to make a wild guess and say that, pound for pound, homosexuals have political influence twice as great as heterosexuals, and, in their core issues, 100x as great. _They say they have an answer to the new competition: quality_ Bigger, faker, titties. "We use different locations, rooms and couches." LOL: He means "Different cooches" "Joseph, Fishbein, Kaplan, and Coffman" Sounds like a law firm. OptimalSale is an awful name, really awful. It sounds like the title of a windshield-wiper-delivered coupon brochure. Twitter is _the_ effing stupidest thing I've ever seen in my life. Pollution be its name. Just prevent any submissions from it. I'm submitting war and peace in hopes of providing more substantial off-topic linkage: http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=26094 Re: "AI Manhattan Project" The Manhattan project involved almost no research (1). It was an engineering project whose constraints were manpower and money. The research was a somewhat more low-budget affair, viz, szilard daydreaming around London, Fermi working in a 3rd rate Italian lab. (1) One of the few actual innovations was the explosive lens. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Explosive_lens Yes, but the Java code is shorter than the Lisp code. I'll take the slight performance hit to avoid the boilerplate. I wonder if his test doesn't have one obvious flaw though. I ran it three times and got: .46, .28, .28 ...I took out the System.out.println statements and got: .032, .047, .032 So I think he might have been testing the wrong thing. I don't want the masses to use Linux. My servers all run Linux. Super. But it doesn't bother me at all that mom and pop are funnelling billions of dollars into the pockets of my professional cohorts, RMS be damned. $4,824.14. The total cost of the legal fees was $4,824.14. (???) “The only reason Truemors is getting so much coverage is that it’s Guy’s site.” Too bad it's worthless. If he actually made something new and/or innovative, his celebrity would actually be put to good use. _You know, this kind of joke seems to rile Java apologists to no end_ I've really never known a Java programmer to be riled by any joke. I've never known any Java "apologists" at all, though they probably exist. Oh, well. That just highlights one of the good things about using Java or Windows: You are generally _not_ an unreasoning fanatic. Try criticizing ANY OBSCURE LANGUAGE...THEN you will rile people: http://programming.reddit.com/info/1vo0v/comments/c1volq Look at those downmods. I point out something perfectly true (ie, that unpopular language fans typically overrepresent the importance of minutiae) and get downmodded into oblivion. _expressive power_ What is that anyway? Can you measure it in something other than line counts? I'm wary of line-counts-as-metric. It seems to be a disease of PHBs and functional programmers oddly enough. _severely crippled_ No pointers. What else? There was nothing innovative about Java, but the advantages had nothing to do with "expressiveness" or "power" as I understand them. The advantages were: 1. No malloc(), no free(). If you've ever done large-scale C programming, you'll spend half your time bugging around with memory. 2. Platform independence. Well, you said it. I test on Windows and deploy to linux, and the only real problem has to do with the stupid C: and slash direction on Windows. 3. Don't discount Sun's advocacy. C++ is a pain in the ass, and where you're not optimizing for CPU cycles and real-time performance (where the garbage collector is a problem) it just isn't needed. But to break its inertia something a little more real-world than Lisp macros is needed. So...corporate advocacy has its advantages. 4. Massive libraries. They blow here and there, but put stdlib.h et al to shame. 5. All-in-one. It doesn't do anything perfectly, but a large system can be done all in Java. This is convenient because you don't need fifty different tool sets, can move serialized objects around between subsystems, etc. _making interviewing process very exhausting_ Since you've avoided Java in your career, I suspect you made that up. Edit: Btw, since I'm bitching about downmods, I'll just add that I'm not downmodding anyone here. _banking software has got to be some of the least technically difficult software in the universe_ Breathtaking idiocy. _I am unaware of any actual data that shows a correlation between raw intelligence...and career or company success_ Declarations of personal ignorance don't really prove anything. Such data, in fact, exists. He goes on to list a bunch of voodoo hiring practices (viz, someone who faced adversity) and I won't criticize him for it: In the end, that's how every company hires. The government, to a degree, even forces its own set of voodoo traditions upon companies. People don't object too much: When you actually have that big pile of resumes in front of you, you realize that most people aren't all that distinctive. I've been shocked by how many CS grads DON'T HAVE WEBPAGES. Good god, people. Of course, you know what will get you hired every time? If someone interviewing you liked you personally. Complexity with regards to the number of inputs and interactions between data. I'll never understand the appeal of apple. Compare: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amiga_1000 1985, Motorola 68000 @ 7.16 MHz, $1595 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macintosh_II 1987, Motorola 68020, 16 MHz, $5500 (!!!) To anyone who has ever used both, the superiority of the Amiga was absolutely unmistakable. But what are you going to do when apparently-sane journalists write things like this: _...and now the iPhone, which goes on sale in America this month, Apple has prospered by keeping just ahead of the times_ Umm..? Ahead of the times? With a cellphone? I mean, they're about a decade too late to be consider "with the times" much less "ahead of the times". Oh, well. Facebook will go the route of myspace will go the route of friendster will go the route of Yahoo! Geocities. That's the problem. Throw them away, and a million clones will fight for their place. Meanwhile, Proctor and Gamble still sells rendered hogfat for billions a year. LOL. I didn't get the "Dude Yamaha" name right away, and so when I clicked on "avanoo", I said, "Holy crap, it's truemors! Guy Kawasaki's going to be pissed!" Sure enough he was. I fondly remember the joelonsoftware jobs section (back before it was a paid service) when he allowed comments...people really tore into some of the postings. I don't think we're being honest here. I use 5-6 different media players alone. Most of you seem to be boning up on your nerd credentials, because I don't see too many mentions of Doom or Quake, or MSFT Office, or Notepad, or IM clients, or Winzip/winrar, etc. The most popular dev environment seems to be Emacs. This tells me that your favorite language is still in diapers. I develop 10x faster in Eclipse than I ever could in Emacs. (I used emacs for a year coding C--it's okay, but its whole 'culture' harkens back to 300 baud modems.) Some things that seem non-desktop, like Flash, really are in a sense--the connection to the browser and the web is very weak. Don't know much much about tag clouds, so excuse my ignorance: But, has this basic idea been done before, except with things other than bands? The reason I ask: My first impression was very strongly, "This is a neat tool, but why would they limit themselves to bands?". You could do this with ANYTHING...but with branding like "bandsintown" your potential market is 0.01 percent of what it could be. I strongly recommend getting a generic name (like myspace) and then: 1) Allow different product categories (Nearest coffeeshop, nearest book store that sells a certain book, nearest movie theatre playing a certain movie at certain hours, etc). 2) Allow different views of your model. Tag clouds strike me as a flash in the pan. Allow charts, bar graphs, pies, etc, etc. I guess my problem is that the name prevents any expansion later on, unlike the example myspace (which started out aimed at bands). Okay, one last suggestion. The domain zintown.com is available. Thus: band.zintown.com movie.zintown.com (intown.com and other better variations were already taken.) Does it make the request, then update the number? Or does it update the number and make the request at its leisure? _If you honestly believe that kids are well served by drinking a dozen spoonfuls of sugar every morning before school_ Nope. Nor pron. Nor warez. Keeps people from wasting time on news sites. Also: Do apple laptops not have external keyboard connections? Damn, guys, you're going to break your wrists off using laptop keyboards. Hey, I'd consider it, but I'd just wind up replacing your PHP with the full J2EE stack. :P Actually, indentation style is more important than code. _to have enterprise software projects done cheaply_ It was created to control embedded processors. _FBML strips out some features of HTML, such as Javascript_ What exactly can it do, then? I'm just completely baffled by facebook. Can somebody explain the appeal of it to me? Now, myspace I always considered lamentable crap, but the appeal was fairly straightforward...it gave people an easy way to build their own websites (which tended to be wildly, err, creative) and a way to connect them to those of their friends. Myspace had a zany, fun, creative...howsoever crappy...appeal to it. But facebook pages have this sedative-like uniformity that I just can't wrap my head around. Why are the kids going to this? The whole thing feels dull. The facebook api--can anybody link to a good example of how this works? I'm not sure what kind of 'applications' you can make with stripped-down javascript-free html, but what do I know? Well, what I know is this: The whole appeal for developers is mathematical. It's just a goldrush--and like any goldrush the profits GO TO THE FIRST ONES WHO ARRIVE. The demand/supply curve is all on the demand side because there are so few facebook "apps" at the moment. Once saturation hits, the old web with its old freedoms will be the only real player again. I'm strongly fighting the urge to downmod your comments, because you seem to "mean well". But "meaning well" is the sort of attitude that leads otherwise intelligent people to turn away from the basic facts of the free marketplace. People want "gold coins" or whatever. So and so wants a job. A middleman arranges for an exchange of "gold coins" for real money by setting up an apparatus of technology, labor, marketing, and sales to allow it. (THIS ISN'T EASY.) Everyone is richer for it, with the possible exception of the people buying the "gold coins" who are high-class cheaters. But the guy who buys a Porsche is an extra-high-class cheater on the dating market, and I'm more worried about him any day of the week. The important thing is: Everybody is free, and it's this freedom (and not the FSF's "freedom") that took Ling or Wang or whoever out of the rice field. Headline: The value of paying big $$$ for PR: Yet-another-Digg-copycat gets NYTimes mention. The paging is annoying. Yeah, it's "cool". But UI experience and techie coolness are sometimes distinct. Stockholders have very little control over companies. The boards of directors tend to be inbred--CEOs from various firms serve on each others BoDs. So, you get what you get. I doubt any CEO's salary comes near the theoretical market value of the job. In Japan, CEOs make much, much less, and they don't seem to be hurting as a result. I'm inclined to dispute the "superstar" theory of upper-level executives. Semel's defining moment came when he decided not to buy google. This is tantamount to a baseball player deciding not to swing the bat--hoping for a ball. Not much of a superstar. Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Henry Ford -- Take these three along with Yang, and then compare them with Semel. There is a key difference. Tell her: If I fail, we lose the house. If I succeed, I'll get rich and "trade up", if ya know what I mean. You know, even if a business of mine completely failed, I would never, ever let godaddy park its spam there: http://webcollaborator.com/ Oh, well. He should have used an anonymous account like the rest of us jerks. Almost every comment on that guy's blog features somebody kissing his ass. "Great post, blah, blah". Why do people do that? If you have something intelligent to add, that's compliment enough. _eventually got bored with the whole thing_ You know, I practically missed the whole internet for a similar reason. When I was a kid, I screwed around with 1200 baud modems (ATX? ATH? I forget) until I managed to LOG ON to local BBSes. Oh, yeah! You could set that sucker to xModem down a game and have the world's 573rd best tetris clone in just 17 hours (unless your mom picked up the phone--eventually I trained her to ask first.) Well, it got pretty damn boring. Eventually, I gave up, and when people started talking about AOL, email, etc, I was like "whatever, dude." I didn't actually have an ISP account until...2001 maybe? Articles like this are polically motivated. I would simply point out that Silicon Valley's most critical, most formative years were in the age of "traditional America", that is so despised today. _Let users choose from five stars, and they nearly always pick three_ Amazon has the problem of bimodal distributions for their ratings...nearly every user either votes one star (and bitches, "If I could choose zero, I would") or five. They've actually started sending emails to people requesting reviews to fix this problem (to get the silent majority to vote.) That idea is highly thievable. Done right, I could see it being a good go-to site for news in general. Hey, who's downmodding this guy? No one has ever said a truer thing! the team wanted to let people track how much a document had changed over time. They pored over Ph.D. theses and complex algorithms. Instead, ace programmer David Hansson worked out a "cheat": software to track the number of characters in each document. ... With that clever solution, 37signals reduced what could have been a months-long programming project to a day's work full implementation: counter++ Keyword: "Ace" And I was doubling down his irony with my second comment. Somewhat less than an E Trade user. Here's where my ignorance shines through once again...but does the javascript that runs on the JVM have proper threading? Coz, I'm really not sure how anything server-side could work properly with setInterval() or whatever the favored workaround is. Why did he not use Python? I don't have anything against java applets, but I'd like to hear their rationale for using them--pg is known to have publicly criticized java, after all. Applets only have one major problem, which is their iffy deployment process. Once running, they're about as good as a desktop application. I guess it's needless to say: The team is the most important part of a company, by a factor of...well, by an incalculable factor. A good team can change product-focus, change market-focus, create products, occasionally even create markets. A bad team is hopeless and will stay that way into perpetuity. Black-on-blue lettering very painful. The puzzle itself looks nice, but I think there is a slight contrast problem with the black-to-white fading of the white squares against the black background. It just feels slightly off, no big deal. However: You've clearly got some bad bugs in this. I went to answer "Country whose capital is Tehran" and it took a good minute before I could enter the answer. I clicked on it, the correct row highlighted green, and when I went to type "I", the second letter filled in "I". Then I pressed the first square of four, but the attached (horizontal) row highlighted. So I clicked on the IRAN squares again, typed I-R-A-N, it didn't work, and after some fiddling, I typed it again, and it seemed to enter I-I-A-N, then I-I-I-N, then it highlighted the last square, which flashed I then R then A then N as I typed them, then finally I typed it again, it seemed to go I-I-I-I, then changed to IRAN, finally. ??? Now if gmail could allow users to undo the "send" action. I think this is an example of how the experience of gmail can sort-of trivialize the problems associated with undoing events. How many actions are there in gmail? Not that many, and it took me 15 seconds of testing to find this message: "The contact has been deleted." Without an undo button (!!!). Undoing is quite a bit more complicated in, say, a word processor where the different actions are absolutely choked with side effects. Everything needs to know how to undo itself, hold its state (as well as application state, where appropriate), sit on a stack waiting for ctrl-Z. In addition, certain things (like backspacing numerous characters) need to be able to "fold" together to work correctly. Webapp programmers generally haven't had to worry about this like desktop programmers... ff 1.5.0.12 I tested a little more, and the worst problem seem to be that in a situation like this: EDIT: I can't get the formatting to work, but picture a horizontal "HELLO" with "LEMON" coming off the HELLO's second "L". ... and you click on the "l" in lemon, it highlights "hello". You really should NEVER have ambiguity like that. Maybe a second click should alternate between them. Nevermind, I'm stupid, it does work [the double-clicking]. But lesson learned: Other people are going to be stupid, too. And apparently my earlier problems were due to latency. If you go too fast, the updates come up a little oddly, and the letters switch 1) When you type, 2) A moment later to something historical, and 3) Back to what you typed. The screenshots need to NOT fly by. Put a link, "Next ScreenShot" at the top. I call this the "Forbes Magazine slideshow problem", because forbes does that to a ridiculous degree. One thing: I've used products like this in the past, and really didn't like them. Yours certainly looks nicer, but the big problem is that most admins (most good admins) like to stay closer to the command line. So, a quick suggestion: When someone envokes this or that command by clicking around, stick it in a rolling log, clearly visible. So, if I press "Start Tomcat", I see a little box that says: /etc/init.d/tomcat5 start ...and if I press "Restart Machine" I see: shutdown -9 now ...if you know what I'm saying. This will allow people to see precisely what's going on, and let them ditch the admin screen as needed and replicate the commands manually. _the Russian mafia_ A joke? Or is Levchin a member? The big advertising spender is Proctor & Gamble, which leads at $4.9 billion. 4,900,000,000 dollars to differentiate soap. I'm surprised Newspapers are still as high as they are. It's going to look more and more like the Geritol and Gold Bond powder presents Lawrence Welk and his Champagne dancers hour . Can Geritol save the NY Times? It would be interesting to give people who make claims like that a taste test. We sometimes see odd results from professional testers in blind tests: You know, Two-buck chuck and MCD's premium coffee winning huge competitions. Put some boone's farm in a decanter, and I'll bet your snootiest guest will like it, even if its "a little sweet". I think I can tell the difference between caffeine and non-caffeine coke, but it might just be the label. Maybe I'll test myself sometime... Oh, man. I thought women wanted high culture. Have you ever really observed women (and sometimes men) talk about celebrities. Women talk about Paris Hilton or whatever oddly-crrepy-looking person is "of the moment" as if they were family members or close friends. "Oh, can you believe that she would..." "And then she said..." "We saw here do that are were like , whatever..." Etc. Funny how rarely people can recognize how they are being manipulated. Even if typing crap into this blog (sorry, news aggregator) is a faux social activity, at least there's a chance someone will read and respond to me. I know a guy who would make a good partner. Good programmer, with domain knowledge. But Wife+family+a love of FPSs == nevermind. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unicon_programming_language http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ubercode http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniface_%28programming_language%29 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UnrealScript_programming_language (Don't ask me where I got my info) Two weeks? Wow. And those eight hours of sleep you get seem brutal... There are two things being said here: 1. Implicit is better because it avoids people's corrupted "conscious" minds. 2. Implicit is better because it is harder to game. The corollary to #2 is: An implicit system can, in fact, be gamed, but it requires cleverness/sleuthing/persistence/money/massive organization/etc/etc...whatever the situation calls for. Google uses 40+ variables to determine what gets on the front page. Digg uses 1 variable. ...if something smells funny on Digg's front page, it's usually pretty clear, and it's pretty obvious _what_ is going on. There's one method to game Digg, and because of the simplicity, the community and the admins should be able to put in counter-measures that are equally simple. With google...eh. Who knows? It's security through obscurity. One thing is certain: The well-pageranked of google are an enduring elite, whose only real enemies are the heuristic wizards deep within google itself. The phone system could be described the same way. Paypal originally tried to draw all revenues off the float (IIRC), and it didn't work too well. Of course, it didn't hurt with respect to attracting customers. I can't wrap my head around the price. I'd seriously rather blow 600 dollars on a bottle of wine. At least it would be a real status symbol. I'd like an email client that automatically skins threads into a forum (like this one). That'd be easy. Exactly. After 10,000 tests in 20+ years of formal schooling, one more should do it. File that under "Problems you'd like to have," because by the time you have it, you're probably already wealthy. I'm surprised he missed some of the more traditional strategies used to retain people, such as "Hire married men with young children." I would also add: "Hire people who are physically or socially unattractive." This exploits the market's inefficient allocation of pretty boys/girls to jobs they are unqualified for, and provides you with good workers who are less likely to charm recruiters. (Note: Don't do that for sales positions.) Sams Teach Yourself SQL in 10 Minutes, Third Edition Eh. I taught myself VB 4.0 in, like, 6 minutes. Books like that of course teach you things as slowly as possible. I've seen programming books that got to arrays on page 450. By contrast, the MIT lectures (where sicp is introduced) is already on recursion vs. iteration and big O() notation by the second hour. I'll be surprised if Google lasts as long as Microsoft. They sure as hell won't last as long as WalMart. Not a chance. As has been pointed out, MSFT could destroy half the revenue of google tomorrow by adding an ad blocker to IE. It's probably their long term goal (they do have a long term, you know) to take that revenue, and so they don't bother. As for CostCo, they simply don't have any choice but to do the best for their shareholders, and that can mean a lot of different things, from apeing WalMart to contrasting with it. 17 dollars an hour (or whatever) for retail workers strikes me as ridiculous, but they may well have a good reason for it. Mom-and-pop shops usually pay minimum, WalMart a few bucks over minimum, while Costco pays more than factory wages. Maybe wages fall under their marketing budget... 1,700/month for a garage? I hope it's a lie. I heard a rumor that doubleclick came up with the idea. Anything that encourages ideological movements among ignorant people is bad, and design patterns do just that, from what I've seen. I've seen grown men spend hours and hours and hours talking about AbstractFactory patterns. I've seen, to a degree, that your ability to discuss the implementation of AbstractFactories can influence your reputation more than the software that actually gets created. So it will take 1 (one) must-have application written in Flash or Java to make iPhone buyers look like fools? Sounds okay to me. So I'm thinking, "Well, I've never heard of this bug tracker called 'mongrel' so I'll check it out...". Turns out "Mongrel" is a web server and not a bug tracker. So, I'm guessing Zed never heard the one about the apple and the orange. ...I read up until he started criticising the Apache web server. Now, I won't claim to be an expert, but I'm guessing there's a reason beyong it being a "big turd" for the 2 billion installations. Oh, well. Tip to writers: As long as you are anonymous, pour on the bile. Who cares? But when you've got your name attached, don't actively try to make every enemy you can. Some even have their parents in the room for added help, and many respected companies are willing to engage parents in the hiring process if that's what the candidate wants (!!!) Wow. Depending on the circumstances, I would escort the iddle bitty baby right to the front door, or... Explain that nepotism is absolutely forbidden. I guess since the point of most websites is to deliver content, style should really just make that easy, and not annoy people. But still...seems like websites are getting more uniform (especially the examples we see there). Last website I made, I just copied an old .css file, made 5 minutes worth of changes, BANG, style. I'm pretty sure that's the industry standard process. for (i = 0; i Odd example to use. It's always annoying to re-type the same thing over and over. But I recently went through a mountain of my Java code and replaced: for (Object obj : list) with int size=list.size(); for (int index=0;index I'm definitely very long suffering! It took a few hours but what you get with abstractions is a loss of control over implementation. When you use the tighter loop, the compiler turns everything (roughly) into this: Iterator it=list.iterator(); //Which calls new ListItr(); for (it.hasNext()) { Object next=it.next(); The abstraction has to do that because it doesn't know whether the list (really, the java.util.Collection) is a LinkedList or an ArrayList or a Set. If your loop itself is in a tight loop, it isn't hard to call it millions and millions of times during program execution--which makes millions and millions of unnecessary allocations and method calls. There is a loss of performance which, at the end of the day, is more important than how much you enjoy your job. Of course, other languages would allow you to specify an implementation for a given abstraction. 70 days and 2 people would work much better than 2 days and 70 people. Ning is the only online service where you can create, customize, and share your own Social Network for free in seconds. Snore. A quick change to the data model of myspace or facebook and you'd have the same thing. Just default a subset of users to a given skin, tack on their own domain, myclub.facebook/myname, and you're done. Seems like...Apple wanted a sweetheart deal that threatened to change to overall relationship between Verizon and its other partners. People like Craig always seem ( seem , since I don't have a wormhole into his brain) to have this moralistic I-am-not-for-profit attitude. Does it ever occur to his, seriously, that every single entity posting on his site is ravenously trying to make the greatest/easiest/cheapest possible buck? ...and that he is facilitating that immoral attitude? My use of the word "immoral" is ironic. No. "the use of words to convey a meaning that is the opposite of its literal meaning" http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/irony ...not that this is worth arguing about. Whenever I have cash I have a slightly panicky feeling that it is gradually falling in value (which, of course, it is) and that buying something is the only way of preventing this process. So, I don't keep cash. I guess most people would be quick to say, "That's no problem at all", and maybe even add an "of course" statement like Of course, there is nothing wrong with owning a pornography business , even though there are plainly a few things wrong with it. Funny how the received wisdom of the day changes, and how most morality is so knee-jerk. In the past, any association with pornography would have been deeply shameful. Now, if the MSM published a "story" on how phillip morris owns Nabisco, you can bet there would be a lot of people expressing outrage over that association (cigarettes, unlike porn, being quite evil). Oh well. meeting people, going places, doing work, and through unavoidable suffering Rather odd summary of the holocaust experience. I'm really not sure if it's a good model for web design though. 375 million isn't a firesale; especially when you're dealing with "email archiving" which sure sounds like a wrapper around the "cp" command. Most successful programming language ever? Whitespace: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whitespace_ (programming_language) In fact, we're all programming in it right now, though we'd be getting some compilation errors. The first greatest economic boom came with the mass replacement of animal power with steam power. The second greatest economic boom started around 1910 with the coming widespread deployment of automobiles, airplanes, indoor plumbing, refrigeration, radio and telephones. I'm still inclined to give the position to steam. Coaxing a lump of coal to do more work than a team of horses was an exponential shift (while staying within the realm of widespread application, unlike fission.) Serious question: Is there a tool that generates these spreadsheets: http://i209.photobucket.com/albums/bb307/julianpaling/aerobe... Is that a google utility? ...or did he do that himself? Well, it's only about twice electronic arts' valuation: http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=ERTS ...but consider the fact that facebook's awesome abilities include showing pictures on a webpage . No WAY anyone is going to crack through that entry barrier. oops. I mean half. What happened to the edit button? _cool design_ I beg to differ. Oh. I seriously thought that its allure was a mix of voyeurism and exhibitionism. Mention that most jobs involve: 1. Pushing paper around, and/or, 2. Kissing ass to [bosses|customers|random people on the phone] Programmers, by contrast, actually get to create something, like craftsmen of the past. One of the very few jobs where that is true. Nix the word "hacker". It either has a bad connotation or is an unrealistic ambition for 7th graders (to those who understand the "good" connotation, a hacker is a person of rare abilities.) C++. Pshaw. Only crap companies like ID Software use that. What has Quake got on the awesome expressiveness of Flickr, or Facebook or Google Suggest? I mean, just in terms of sheer output, consider that BOTH Flickr and Facebook are able to...display text on a screen! And put jpegs in neat columns in div tags! Pshaw. What has C++ got on that? Seriously. Do away with the tunnel vision. When you're talking consumer software, all of the output of all of the languages of the world combined absolutely pale compared with that of C/C++. The kiss-to-ass ratio on that site is just too, too high. "Hey, everyone, I've come up with a completely banal and already-been-done idea." Oh, mmm, mmm, Aaron you're so smart, mmm...SMAAck Kiss! True enough. My problem is the oh-you're-such-a-genius vibe I get from the comments there. It's just something I've noticed time and time again throughout my life--people judge based almost entirely on perceived authority, reputation, and past performance. Oddly, it's something that seems to get worse as IQ levels rise. Now, he's smart enough to pay attention to--I won't fault anyone for that--but when he comes up with an idea that was started by PG (project gutenberg) in 1971 (!) it just ain't a work of genius. Easier said than done. Consider version control, which is, in a sense, one big system for allowing "undos". Just today, I spent an hour struggling with subversion which seems to have a different error for every seeming non-error situation. "Obstructed update", "Item is out-of-date", "Error bumping revisions post-commit (details follow):" [And they DO] Okay, so version control deals with TEXT, but applications deal with internal states that have innumerable interactions. For every one of those crazy subversion errors there are lots of data corruptions that could occur--and once they do, you've stuck your user with something potentially unsolvable through manual intervention. A simple example would be: User deletes event at 3:00 - 3:30. User adds event at 3:00 - 3:30. User undeletes event at 3:00 - 3:30. Fairly easy to resolve, seemingly: 1. Undelete selected. 2. Check conflict. 3. [possible actions]: a) Announce conflict. b) Override new event. c) Allow multiple events at same time. (Hmm...was this allowed through normal interractions.) d) Prevent undelete, but allow the user to delete new event. ...that sort of thing can balloon uncontrollably. Suddenly, for every "undo" you have a tree of options for every possible conflict that may have arrisen from system state changes. No, a better way would be: 1) Generic undo selected. 2) New event undone. 3) Generic Undo selected. 4) Old event restored. ...but then you have a system-wide "version control" system to deal with. Friendster will also sit tight, until the next firesale. The big advantage of not selling seems to be: If you sell, you have to stop playing the CEO game. Success isn't something you can luck into every time you make a copycat website: Usually they don't take off in a big way. If you cashed out, you'd have cash, but you would stop being a mighty-famous bigshot. The word "troll" actually goes way back. The artform is actually a bit more dignified than people think now. The first "troll" was supposedly Jonathon Swift with his "Modest Proposal" pamphlet (the title was posthumous by several hundred years, of course). The basic idea was: You start off by being reasonable, getting people to believe you, and then become more and more extreme until the point of ridiculousness. Now, troll means: Someone who goes and makes obvious, inflammatory statements trying to start arguments. Often, "Troll" as used means: Someone who disagrees with the general consensus. That's a dangerous definition. Kos seems to think that a paid political agitator (another old trade) is also a "troll" when on the internet. Not so. A few tips: 1. Open up Microsoft word. 2. Type all that out. 3. Save it as "Resume.doc" 4. Don't open it again until your next job search. This crappy article gave me a thought. The advantage of not allowing downmods on this site seems to be: It's impossible to actively bury submissions, and so things only rise on popularity. But, at some point, that stops mattering. So, what if, after a certain # of points or after a certain position is reached, a downmod arrow appears? A few applications that built this functionality have been taken off-line by request for TOS violations So that's what happened to File > Save As in Internet Explorer. For me, instance messaging has replaced the telephone. It is, frankly, better in every way when discussing technical matters. Email is better when you need to make a more elaborate statement that doesn't require back-and-forth communications. I have had business email written in the style of text messages. To me, this is offensive, and it's a trend I hope ends. Which of the following would you prefer: 1. A flower from your sweetheart? 2. A warm puppy? 3. A properly formatted data file? ANSWER! _none of their employees "go bad"_ This won't happen to you? Okay. I trust you. _never confronted by a subpoena_ If you get a subpoena for a passphrase for a client, you will give it up. Yes you will. Now, if someone was holding terroristic bombcodes or whatever and REALLY didn't want people getting them, they ain't backing up anything online. The same people who need real security aren't going to be uploading their data anywhere . Let me answer that for him. Google has X great products and Y employees. (...etc) A 12" laptop? I'm guessing the "business" guy had that one. [Toyota] Maintenance: $4,310 LOL. My first three cars combined didn't cost that much. And I wrecked two of them! 51. Because Courier 12 point went out with IBM's mojo. Could Facebook Become The Next General Electric? I prefer questions of the genre, "Please implement a hashmap on the white board." 29 percent of visitors are using 800x600 resolution? Hmm...just over 1 percent of visitors to my site have 800x600. Very different markets, perhaps... I honestly can't imagine quitting a job without an idea of what product I was building. Watch out for this warning sign: A thought enters your head, "Hey, I'll build an online app that let's people organize their data !!!" That'll sell like madhouse. One high-quality computer per school might make more sense. The potential Bill Gateses among them would still find it. I have a bad feeling about the potential expansion of the spam and pron markets these laptops might create. I guess it's to be seen... I wouldn't worry too much about people whose "about" page consists of: "Just zis guy, you know" Seinfeld kept telling the same jokes for years. From the corner office straight to the chiropractor (classy verizon T, by the way): http://paulstamatiou.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/07/opendns_... I guess that might be a holding pen for reporters, and not an office, though. Then check out this stupid car: http://paulstamatiou.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/07/sf_carre... How stupid is that? The King Tiger tank (69 Tons) produced 690 horsepower. That car (1.5 tons) produces 612 horsepower. What a waste. And your typical diesel locomotive might product 3000+ horsepower (about 5 times as much) while hauling millions of pounds. And it doesn't even compare to a real car for looks: http://firsttraderegistry.com/forsale/9_06/65mustang2/1965%2... We're so vain. Why you so dumb, huh? It's obviously a huge, huge market, but I just have to greet this with some skepticism: "Adpinion's solution is to empower users to choose their advertisers.". I think...people who are cognizant of ads in any way other than background noise usually "choose" to get rid of them. But then, maybe there is a good PsyOps way around ad blockers. There are other companies doing similar things, like adkrakr. I tried that today out of curiosity...it brings up a tag cloud, and I clicked on (among other things) "bird seed". What do you know...I got some bird seed ads. Wow. But hey, if you can increase CTRs by 0.01 percent, you'll be billionaires. Lisp as an alternative to C++ makes more sense than Lisp as an alternative to Python. When your rent is 2000/month, is 20/month for DSL really such a stretch? Just asking. If the goal is to provide internet access to people traveling in between their wifi-activated homes to their wifi-activated coffeeshops to their wifi-activated offices, well... a roommate and a studio Ouch. Sorry. bittorrent. I had that idea before it came out. I could prove it, too, from old usenet postings, though I don't want to give away my anonymity. I found a bug: To save your notes permanently, sign up for an account. It's still a lot more meaningful to go by whether the paychecks stop coming. Hell, they can make me Chief Officer for Supervision of Screensaver Latency, and I'll knock back a few every lunch in celebration. I can't imagine any non-facebook employee really caring. If a company seriously depends on facebook in any real way, then they have their priorities all wrong. Now, if bloomberg goes down, then I can understand the problem... By contrast, I'm sure it's apocalyptic at facebook itself. That happens at even the most trivial web companies. I like to buy verbs, not nouns. Really? I like to buy adjectives. Example: Cool. Jeff Bazos would give an old Nike shoe as "Just do it" award to those who innovated. Uh...huh. And to the loser, a stinky dead half-eaten seal, as a "swim faster when you see a Walrus" award. Get big fast. Another tip: Make big revenue. Another: Put money in bank. Another: Left shoe on left foot; right shoe on right. Hire a Bob. "Sorry, Sal, we were looking for a 'Bob'. Orders from the top. But tell me, what do you think of marine life?" According to [some dumbass]..."The reality is that Facebook ... has moved up the food chain and is no longer competing with anyone who is a social network." Note to wired: Just because you're quoting someone doesn't mean you can print blatant falsehoods as truth. I did log in, and then they wanted me to do some other stupid thing. Ugh. Now there's a multi-step process to see a jpeg? There's this: http://www.losanjealous.com/nfc/perm.php?c=101&q=40 Here's a real defense of "stuff", except I'll state it off-handedly: Slavery is good...for others. sold ads for The Pirate Bay for an average of EUR60,000 per month Let's see: We could advertise on google and target people specifically searching for a product, and pay as little as 10 cents per click, or... We could advertise on a criminal website marketed towards people who hate spending money for products and pay 60K Euros a month. Hmm, think, think... people who hate spending money for shitty products Uh, no. Unless you consider 95 percent (or whatever) of all the movies and music and software ever made as consistently "shitty". Or they hate paying an inflated price. Look up "beethoven symphonies" on piratebay, and you'll see plenty of people seeding and leeching. Then look up the same on amazon, and you'll see that all 9 are available together as low as 20 dollars. If 20 dollars is an "inflated price" for that product, well, then there's no point in trying... Piracy is competition and should be treated as such Compete with zero? Sigh. Blah-dee, blah-dee, blah. Well, if people actually went for "the most attractive" leader, Hitler, Stalin, and Mao could have been avoided all together. If you put me on an automotive focus group (and I'd love to be on one) I would simply point out that the 1965 mustang is many, many times better looking than any car in the last 25 years. Hell, the crappy '62 Ford Falcon shares the same characteristic. The first company that puts out a decent looking car today is going to make 50 billion dollars off of it, simply because the market is utterly starved. Hell, put a 4-banger in it--no one really cares about that. Sure, we're irrational. But even if Molly Housewife and Joe Sixpack judge people based on good looks, at least their estimations are roughly accurate. GWB is better looking than John Kerry. Who's the idiot: Molly Housewife or the DNC? The republicans went out and looked for "Mr. Electable", while the Democrats looked for...(not the "best")...but the guy with tenure and connections and 3 purple hearts. Very reasonable. I'm guessing not too many of you use MSFT outlook. I could seriously load up yahoo and google mail 10 times each before outlook is running. There's a certain performance advantage to webapps...the GUI stuff (the real code that renders graphics) is always in RAM. The full process from hitting gmail to displaying email requires very little hard drive access. Once you come up with a really, really good way to correlate karma with a user's quality of posts/comments, maybe try to come up with a purpose for karma. I mean a purpose that would, for example, prevent reddit from turning into digg. Someone had to post this: http://mog.com/Sethpian/blog_post/7493 The key feature of property is the determination of its use, rather than mere possession. If you own something by law [1] then an infringement of that right is stealing. As for India, well, it just goes to show you're better off controlling the opium market than the salt market. [1] There are two kinds of ownership: By law, and by adverse possession. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adverse_possession If you define "stealing" as "transfering property from one pocket to another," then you are right, since copying essays or whatever doesn't deprive the owner of possession. If you define "stealing" as "preventing another from determining the use of his property", then you aren't right. The dictionary is the wrong place to look for discussion on property. It's a complicated subject, and I'm trying to squeeze it into as few words as possible. If you want a citation: In a private property system, property rules are organized around the idea that various contested resources are assigned to the decisional authority of particular individuals (or families or firms) http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/property/ ...In short, it is a matter of "use" (decision) rather than possession. A copyright indisputably is owned by all creators unless surrendered. But the copyright itself codifies control over a work, and thus is not that which is lost but that which proves loss in matters of IP violations. And I downmodded you for this sentence: The model allows companies to employee resources in different geographical location, managed by GeniTeam. The six trillian revenue is possible if we have the Weimer-like inflation some are predicting. "So, what's it really worth?" is a question best answered with another question, "...before or after the next flash in the pan replaces it?" Couldn't get it to work. I have Flash 8. No error or anything. I'm using Java, too. I remember a Forbes article on a new small airplane business, featuring profiles of the 5 founders. The youngest, if I remember correctly, was in his 40s, and he was an accountant. The engineers were all old. There is very, very little innovation to be had in the airplane business (the US military is, remember, still flying planes designed in the 70s) and success is dependent upon age--which brings a tendency to 1) Not make fool mistakes 2) Understand horrendously complicated, but mature, technology, 3) Have critical contacts, 4) Have personal wealth to risk. Something like...say...Twitter. What 50-year-old would even consider doing something like that? And if a kid does it, and botches it, no one gets hurt. Clearly the trade-offs between enthusiasm and experience are at work. Dr. Simonton points out that the periods of Beethoven's career that had the most hits also had the most misses I can't find that in the article. If by "hits" he means contemporary hits, perhaps. But Beethoven's late stage was both sparse, and choked with his greatest works. Compare that to rock music...the rolling stones' past 30 years can't compare with any 3 consecutive months in the 1960s. For all intents and purposes, that's a 737 with an efficiency tweak. It's like going from merge sort to quick sort. Have you heard about the concorde? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concorde (maiden flight: 1969, when the Rolling Stones were peaking.) Uh, television sleazy? C'mon, man. Even a hypermoral person like Oprah is pure sleaze if you know what you're looking at. If you can't tell me how many pints are in a cubic acre, then you can't tell me anything: http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&q=pints+per++cubic+ac... Right mouse button doesn't work = Worst gallery so far. all the great hackers are lining up for this one Hmm. Yeah, he's processing millions and millions of requests a day off of one web server. I really don't think that (ahem) great hackers like having the power of MSFT technology thrust in their face. Mental note: Don't take on a "business" partner. Looks like they're in Hitler's basement. Whoops, just killed the thread. Always bothers me when a joke (even a not-especially-funny one) gets downmodded. Humor deprivation is a disease. What's the problem? It does look like Hitler's basement (ie bunker). It looks like they're in a wartime bunker, probably with bombs going off overhead, all the while blissfully demoing web applications. It seems absurd to me. Good luck. I guess...how do I say this? There are some aspects to this that you're either missing or not highlighting. First, this page: http://micropledge.com/help SHOULD explain exactly who owns what when software is made. Do the pledgers have any ownership? Just the coders? Do you force coders to use GPL? I'm sure you explain this somewhere, but it needs to be more clear, and I'm not going to do a lot of research... Anyway. More importantly...Software, as soon as you leave the YC forcefield [1], is extremely expensive to produce. My company's tiny projects are billed in the upper 6-figure range. Are you going to get anyone "pledging" USD 750,000 for anything non-trivial? [1] Remember that the 15,000 dollars or whatever YC gives people is just a token, maybe just a legal formality, to ensure their status as "investors". What they really give is exposure and advice and community. If you can get people pledging 15K, it still isn't enough. You paid 10 dollars, right? You know how to do math, right? http://jupload.sourceforge.net/applet-basic.html Done. Oh, right. No one likes Java. (I'm a little perplexed as to why the author defaulted to the nasty metal L&F). My experience is contrary to that. I've deployed applets to the general public with success. (No, not 100 percent, but the same can be said of javascript and flash.) Try out the link for yourself, though. I once suggested on some blog that the death of newspapers would be tragic because bloggers are almost all writing editorials (and often much better than editors do) but almost never peform reportage. Of course, I got flamed . Of course bloggers are reporters. But "Reporting" isn't blogging. It isn't even "writing". It's going out, learning about a foreign subject in a day, driving/walking/tramping all over the place, interviewing multiple people, establishing government, police, underworld contacts, getting double and triple confirmation on key facts, adhering to rigorous journalistic ethical standards, etc. That's reporting and it isn't fun, and almost no bloggers do it--just like almost no open source writers write accounting software. The first fatality will be local news. God knows why anybody subscribes to local papers, but they do serve the purpose of keeping an eye on local politicians, who have a tendency towards corruption. Once the local rags are gone, I dread what will happen to municipal governments... Does the average blogger want to sit through the Lions' club chicken dinner every Sunday in order to hear the latest about councilman X. Didn't think so... Sorda socialistic, don't you think? Oh well, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6cOp6EDFlI You can get a sense of just how irrational buyer behavior really is now that you understand why people are afraid to leave their overvalued software. Uh huh. I'd been upgrading FF consistently until I realized that every new version just got worse and worse. So now I'm done upgrading. I understand that the "X" mark to close tabs is now on every tab, rather than on the right side of the pane. So, there: I've missed that ridiculous change. It's worse with other things. The Java IDE Eclipse starting at 2.0 made a simple change: The search box defaults to "Case Sensitive", and never learns that I wan't this unchecked. Believe it or not, this destroys my productivity. So, I've learned not to upgrade Eclipse anymore. I don't care if they add a million new features--they've effectively destroyed the software for me with one stupid change. There is no shortage of people who regret the 2000 > XP > Vista upgrade/descent path. I remember the first VCR my family had. Put tape in. Press play. It works Want to try improving on that? You can't. DVDs are a nightmare by comparison. There's a 15 step process between holding the disc in your hand and actually watching a movie. Consumers are more savvy than you think, in some ways. They realize, at some level, that companies just release the same thing over and over, sometimes with a new talking paperclip, sometimes with a new talking dog, and it's otherwise the same. The transition costs aren't worth it. Of course, I'm talking about upgrades rather than Brand X > Brand Y transitions. That might actually be worse, since everything changes. published in the NYT...that was a bit surprising Yeah. Normally it's the stuff of 2AM dorm room bull sessions. Yes, the basic idea has been re-hashed endlessly: http://www.thecourier.com/manifest.htm It sort of bothers me that this is getting upmodded--not because it's off-topic, but because it's so painfully banal--every high schooler has already thought these things through completely, just like this: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=42398 Wasn't the term "open source software" invented specifically to get away from the word "free" in "free software"? They (companies) recognized that there was a branding problem all along. The number of typical comments for a post determine what kind of people want to/are willing to comment: 0-10 comments: People who want to talk about the post per se 11-50 comments: People who want to have a conversation. 51- comments: People who want to join a mob. Obviously, ynews is moving from the first to the second, and that changes the types of comments/people commenting/overall community. Institutions, unlike people, can be truly idealistic. No NRA member is 100 percent devoted to guns. The NRA itself, however, is 100 percent so devoted. This same thing is possible with political parties. For instance, the "Nationalists" or "Communists" or "Fascists" or "Libertarians" can be counted on (to a large degree) to adhere to their platform. In parlimentary systems, ideological parties, like the above, can get represented, and often make up the shaky coalition goverments that hold power. With the right kind of backstabbing, Nazis or Bolzhevics can wipe out their allies from within and seize control. Just not possible in the US... In the US's winner-take-all system, the parties themselves must compromise on their plaform, and generally aim for about 50.1 percent of the vote--they'd rather 60 percent of gun-lovers than 100 percent, because the latter is unpalatable to the rest of their members. Therefore the crazy fringe of every issue is alienated. The GOP and Democrats are not really restricted to a given platform. This is why "GOP success" can never amount to a Fascist takeover, and why "Democrat success" can never amount to a Communist takeover. * Suggestion: When the admins see something as "off topic", perhaps they should enable a down arrow for that post only, allowing everyone else to decide for themselves. I like the three paragraph "Problem statement". I prefer my problem statements more to the point. Examples: ------------------------------------- Subject: Fire. Problem statement: Burns ------------------------------------- Subject: Water. Problem statement: Unbreatheable. ------------------------------------- Subject: Social Networks. Problem statement: Flash in pan. Well, they missed the company I'm using. Oh well. I find it hard to imagine people paying 100+ a month for a VPS when you can get a dedicated machine for less than that. Watch out for VPSes by the way. They generally don't allow swap spaces, which can completely prevent the use of certain systems. If you're using LAMP, you're okay, of course. Need some wood? Well, this: http://www.youforgotpoland.org/mjames/yfp/slides/youforgotpo... Remember the 2 + 2 = 5 bit in the book "1984"? That was in reference to the Soviet claims that they met all the production goals for their 5 year plan in 4 years. The slogan was something like, "We achieved 5 in 4". The production figures were all fraudulent, of course. The industrial figures weren't just wrong, but hid the fact that Russian argicultural had been set back 40 years--not to recover until the 1980s. Back then, "Prosperity" was the ticket. And "Prosperity" meant smokestacks. What's the best way of making more smokestacks? Everyone has a pre-packaged solution to every problem, of course, which is phrased in various ways but amounts to: We control you . IE, control of the means of production. That's the solution--and since it precedes the problem, and since it doesn't actually solve any problems anyway, it has to search around pretty hard looking for a reason. Back then, the crisis was "Not enough smokestacks". In later years? Umm. Poverty? Inequality? Pollution? Global cooling? Global Warming? ... The solution to "Global Warming" is of course "We need fewer smokestacks". Since people aren't likely to shut their smokestacks off willingly, the REAL solution is, We control you . ...after seizing the means of production. If innate talent was irrelevant to Laszlo's theory I love how psychologists, more than other scientists, are allowed to pass by huge holes in methodology. Laszlo and his daughters are not a random sample--they started off as extremely intelligent people--in fact, they belonged to the same tiny pedigree that produced Szilard, Teller and Von Neumann. Try the experiment with ordinary people and you'll come away disappointed. re-booted after receiving a routine set of patches through Windows Update I guess the title is ironic, but I was absolutely shocked when I first encountered Window's habit of voluntarily updating itself and rebooting. Of course, I've worked in manufacturing environments, and just the thought of equipment rebooting automatically...[shudder] For some reason, no one else seemed to think it was a big deal--of course, as long as Windows isn't used for critical systems, who cares? Needless to say, Skype is doing just that. What can go wrong will. Nothing new. A school is good or bad because of the population of students, rather than the teachers. And so, if you choose a school, and if you choose the "best", it happens to be the one with the best students. When everyone does this, it quickly leads to a regression to the mean. Depending on the geography, this isn't a problem. But in an area in which there are wildly different populations of students near one another (as in many cities, where the poor and rich neighborhoods exist close by) it won't work. Parents in rich neighborhoods won't stand and watch the average IQ of their public school drop 15 points as idiots are bused in. If I ever have children I'm planning on introducing "programming" through digital logic simulators, viz, "How to add numbers using transistors". This sort of thing has been done before: http://www.multicians.org/thvv/boyd.html ...but I think it's more suitable when kids are younger. If you're old enough, you probably want to get web pages up and running faster than you could with bare wires. Context? I guess I inferred that much. Unless there's something more to it, it sounds like he spent a little too much time trying to introduce new technologies. In real life, even managers have a hard time forcing tools on people--there are various good and bad reasons for this. For a co-worker to say--for instance--"We need to replace this Java code with Lisp", is definitely the short road to ridicule. Throwing away working systems, processes, technologies, well...not usually wise. great way to get turned off to programming Not that it really matters (this is pure religion after all) but the sheer numbers of Java programmers suggest the exact opposite. I remember reading an article by a woman (I believe it was an early 1950s style feminist, ie, a pre-feminist) who laid out the problem very simply: Every field, even fields such as dressmaking, dancing, and interior design, have men at the top producing the greatest work. There are no female-dominated endeavors [1]. I think the (also ironic) title of the essay was "Woman is a failed sex" or something like that. [1] No longer true. A few things, such as the book publishing business are almost completely ruled by women. Not that "rulership" is necessarily "achievement". I worked in a factory during college--the founder was long dead, but people were still talking about how wonderful he was...these were cynical blue-collar union types. Obviously, everybody knows that the founders are the real operators and that subsequent CEOs are basically asskissers and backstabbers. Everyone knows this, and you're bound to get cynicism and disloyalty as a result. This is true, even of good CEOs. Walt Disney vs. Mike Eisner? Henry Ford versus Robert McNamara? (bad example). Notepad Going for full Notepad(tm) compatibility, eh? Personally he is simple, direct, unaffected and rather winning. His enormous intellectual energy, his clear vision and sense of physical reality, and his enthusiasm strike the most casual observer. He is aware of his great position, but not in the least conceited. He does not expect relativity in its present form to last many decades, and hopes that further work will soon go beyond it. A good example of how received opinions can effect our assessments of people. Had Einstein been an important but un-famous scientist, no one would ever write shmaltz like that about him on a casual meeting. Just wondering: Did you actually do the paperwork and start a company called "Chain Enterprises"? Security is boring. If there's one thing that big companies do right, it is boring. business memoranda:email::twaddle:twitter Seems a little flakey. The overuse of bold characters for apparently unimportant phrases (viz, "we are artists") doesn't help. Most CEOs will either want a 6-figure salary or a huge chunk of equity, and will expect at least one layer of management below them. These are the things Ronen should think about, and not whether a CEO will be "that third partner that will support our personal needs". No, that's a valet. how you're working Ass goes on chair. They'll fix your chair Ass goes on chair. remind you how to sit Ass goes on chair. I see the certified color coordination evaluation engineer made a stop by her office. I'm strongly urged to one-up you (because I could, believe me) but what's the point? You're either going to A) Buck up, or B) Get some Xanax. That's about it. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xe1a1wHxTyo If a country's carrying capacity is 10, and the population is 11, then you get starvation. If you raise the carrying capacity to 20, the starvation ends. Until the population hits 21. That is not a sustainable process. Meanwhile, the ratio of people to non-food natural resources has increased, resulting in pollution and crowding. almost epidemic prevalence of xenophobia Multiculturalism is practically the state religion in the US. Why do so many big-name webpages use automatic slideshows? Does ANYBODY--and I mean, ANYBODY out of 6 billion people on earth--sit and watch auto-refreshing slideshows? Damn, there's a lot of youtube clones out there. has repeatedly stated that taking steps to decrease the rate of population growth Read: Has repeatedly stated that the apocalyptic-scale problem he caused should be solved by someone at some point by some means. When "pretty" equals "childish", ugly will of course always win. For all of CO2's bad rap, it is a known quantity, and its effect of the atmosphere is largely non-disruptive. The potential for releasing billions of kgs of hydrogen into the atmosphere, well: http://www.physlink.com/Reference/AirComposition.cfm ...there isn't much of it, and I'm not sure we can predict what will happen if the amount goes up 100 fold. As the people commenting at fw's blog say, it just isn't going to work. It's also been done quite a few times. Maybe if you tried a "fun" twist instead, like a link that says, "Don't bother other people with this ad". Make it explicit, you know. BTW, I'm a consumer of web ads, and my ctr with adwords is usually between 2-3 percent. (For certain keywords, as high as 50 percent.) My adsense ctr? For this month... 0.02 percent. One click total. So, there's definitely room for improvement. People should be apprenticed at 13, and should enter professions at about 18. Only jobs requiring memorization of a large body of prior work (medicine or science) need more than that. I think women are better programmers because they have less ego and are typically more interested in the gear rather than the pissing contest Here's a statistic: 99 percent of all achievements in computer science come from men. But, hey, I'm no statistician, so maybe I'll just trust some off-the-cuff twaddle from random jerks. I try to show them how to properly graph a run chart and they're indignant. Just wondering: Is this guy hacking device drivers? OpenGl? Maybe he's tweaking the last bit of sweat out of microsoft's C++ compiler? No...he's clearly doing CRUD work. Performance issues in CRUD work are solved by RAM and memcached, not screwing around in Excel. That's why your co-workers are indignant: You don't understand your trade. If we want to only verify one single query on a database then what's stopping us? Stupidity that's what. Because there are 6000 queries, and not all of us can spend all-day-all-night screwing around with Excel. The classic example of this is the Pet Store "The Pet Store" isn't the classic example of jack. Then I hit the DB2 database and about crapped my pants. Almost all of the queries performed great, except one query that had sub-second response on average, but a 60 second standard deviation! ...my own statistics are a little rusty. If the average is .5, and the SD is 60, doesn't that mean that certain runs should be choking so hard that the log file would...just freeze. I mean, break out the Excel if you want, but I've seen log files choke before, and it's usually obvious what the problem is: The entry at the bottom. "It's not the database, it's IBM's DB2 configuration. LOL. DB2's configuration being a part of...what then? The next day we had IBM fixing the problem (turned out to be a single update index command) and we all kept our jobs. Our hero! (Self-proclaimed) That's what a proper analysis method can do for you. Or just watching the log file. You got a lot of upmods but I don't even understand your comment. What are you talking about? And what are you talking about? Ummm...no raw numbers http://64.233.169.104/search?q=cache:_0JxL7T75-sJ:www.bls.go... versus prominent programmers. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_programmers I would suggest if you strip off some of the dubious or ceremonial entries ("ada") the picture gets worse still. The PC business was quickly becoming a commoditized me-too business with numerous players and tiny margins. To those of us old enough, the catalog "Computer Shopper" was formerly a 1000+ page, 3-inch-thick monster consisting almost entirely of smallish computer companies selling PCs. Nowadays, you have Dell, HP, and a few others. Great. An a-hole with credentials. Still, he's clearly doing CRUD work in the provided example. It's not my fault that he wasn't on the list, but to show I'm a good sport I added him: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_programmers#S Women comprise 25.3 percent, not 3.9 percent. I hate to always be the jerk on this board, but: 1) How can a just-now-released essay be influential at all? 2) At least half of pg's essays are better written than this, which to me seemed a little phoned-in. It's not really an essay anyway, but a peptalk. He didn't even have the usual cavalcade of proofreaders at the bottom. 3) The most influential essay I've ever read is the first essay of "Genealogy of Morals". Malaria is an interesting case. It was our sympathies for the poor little birdies dying of DDT that doomed millions of people to death. Next time you hear about the wicked conservatives, just remember that most of the mass murders of the world have come from the left...with moral righteousness and absurdity combined in full force. Still, there's something sensible (in a primal way) about our sympathies for one suffering servant, but not a hundred. When that many people are dying it strongly suggests that the malady is an epidemic...and that our best strategy is evasion. Taller people are indeed smarter if you don't remove the malnourished from your sample. Useless information, one way or the other. It's sort of like...well, X race has a lower average IQ than Y race. As long as you're not shaping policy around the contrary, it doesn't matter at all. I can't imagine two weeks causing too much trouble. I've seen crap rewritten over and over on 6-month iterations that could make you weep. Just say the other guy's design is bad and you're going back to your own. If it's an "equally large task", obviously you're better off with a familiar code base. Suggest to the manager that he should not swap devs in and out of a project in time frames normally smaller than those used to ramp up new workers. "I will solve XYZ problem" is a plan. he developed an automated system that generated personalized query letters to more than 800 literary agents nationwide Spamming literary agents? Ouch. Your typical literary agent gets 100s of manuscripts a day, and accepts maybe 10 a year. (Much, much worse odds than applying a yc). Obviously, the facebook idea was old, old, old even when Zuck got to it, so of course he's no innovator. Just threw the dice and won. (Plus, he's probably a good operator, despite his assholism). [rolls eyes] You've never heard of that experiment before? It's your canonical "How easily can we turn people into Nazis test". If people tortured others for a research fee, then that would be a very interesting finding, but typically they continue because of dog-like obedience. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_e02xGc-K0c Real life example of similar phenomena: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strip_Search_Prank_Call_Scam Anyway, I prefered the puppy-torture case. Quite interesting that women are more willing to torture puppies than men. I wish they had used larger samples. ...someone familiar with pyschological testing would have questioned a lot of things, yes. But if you watch the video above, you'll see that person was very ordinary. Probably most of the subjects were the same. ...fake boobs and an old man hooked up to a dialysis machine and a 600 horsepower Swedish penis pump working round the clock. Jessica Alba sexy boobs a plant by... Oh, hell. Why is this at the top of "Hacker News". I remember the Excel 97 flight simulator Easter Egg. Oh, google, when will you learn to innovate? Never did. Whenever I looked at it, it just felt like a bunch of Microsoft-haters resentful of the fact that they still lived in their mom's house. Odd that his self-professed technical inability extends to mixing boards and the like...standard tools of producers. Maybe that's a good thing. Take someone with a decent ear, mix it with no real capacity for muddying things up (Phil Specter-like) and I could see him "producing" quality material. Neil Diamond...? "Hey, Neil, why don't you record songs the same way you did back before sucked so hard?" ...I could have told him that. The Black Crows told a story about how Rubin wanted them to call themselves "Krawford Kounty Krows"...KKK LOL. Good one, Rube. He isn't universally popular. I seriously hope that record companies aren't feeling too down on themselves. Music blows anymore, and blows hard. I don't know if it's the long-predicted exhaustion of good melodies, or just the distraction of new media, or what. The fact that so many people listen to "rap" suggests lead in the water as much as anything else, so what can you say? Here follow a few albums from 1969. It's hard to imagine a time when so much great material is being produced. When I hear a decent song these days, I'm absolutely shocked. Abbey Road - The Beatles Blood Sweat & Tears - Blood, Sweat & Tears Crosby, Stills & Nash - Crosby, Stills & Nash Green River, Bayou Country, Willy and the Poor Boys - Creedence Clearwater Revival Led Zeppelin - Led Zeppelin Led Zeppelin II - Led Zeppelin Let It Bleed - The Rolling Stones Tommy - The Who The whiteboard photo is scribbly, but doesn't suggest more complexity than most small projects. Actual software projects (I'm not talking about Flickr clone #60,255) are incredibly complicated. If they can get around adblockers, then that's definitely their killer feature, and they need to advertise that on the front page. I had no idea, and was considering trying their service. * Anyway, people need to quit talking "ethics". Who cares? As the title of the nytimes article suggests, the question is one of money. 9/10ths of the computer programmers I know are using ad blockers, and I suspect this is the norm. But how many of them now (and in the future) will depend upon web advertisements for their salaries? The early adopters in this case are adopting a technology that could steal their bread and butter. It's best to quietly bury the whole notion, before the general public adopts it. There's a (I don't know whether to call it a fallacy, but I will)...there's a fallacy that Jumbo Jets are safer than automobiles. This assertion is easily derived from looking at death statistics from each vehicle. But then, such statistics involve random parties. You or I aren't random drivers and so we may be very safe or very dangerous on the road [1]. Anyway, the average person's data is much more likely to disappear than that on google's server clusters. But if you are diligent, you can have backups that work 99.9999999 percent of the time quite easily. [1] Of course, on roads, the guy driving in the other lane is pseudo-random, so... But there is no other lane with computers. Print hard copies of recently changed code. Okay, that's nuts. ;) Source code shouldn't be a problem. It practically backs itself up: 1) Production server(s), 2) Test server(s), 3) Development server(s), 4) Source control server. Man that tortoise picture shocked me at first. I won't tell you why. Knowing how to learn is "something". And if you include non-conscious activities apart from those that involve systems normally considered conscious (bodily functions), then we "know" almost everything just in our brain stems. Not talking uptime/downtime but just the ability to restore lost data. If I have 3 backups, what are the odds that all three will fail at the same time as the source (assuming different locations, which is the case with my own system.) Drop the google ads until you get serious traffic. Money derived from ads = traffic * click-thru rate. Web page quality reduction caused by ads = (Some constant) So, you plot that out and find out when the money derived exceeds the damage. Requires guesswork, of course. No, college is more like this: You see somebody, "Jd", (except let's call him "Harvard") who already got a lot of upmods, and you attach yourself to him by replying (except, let's say "applying") and bang now my comment is closer to the top of the page. More people read it, leading to an extra opportunity to gain Karma. Of course, if I don't stay "on topic" (let's say "go to class") people will notice and downmod me (let's say "flunk me"). Staying "on topic" leads to a dull uniformity. Athletes also largely got pre-approved by the department they were applying for As ridiculous as this is at a fundamental level, you know damn well that the athletic recruiters take long, careful looks at all the potential players, unlike the academic recruiters. basically zero correlation between college GPA and value created for the company I'm a GPA skeptic myself, having blown off every class (including the important ones), but this is easily explained: If a company puts weight upon GPA, then any low-GPA students they happen to hire likely had some manifest achievements that got them in. Such achievements are more important than GPA one way or the other. Weak satire. Really, though. If a credit-unworthy person can't pay back a loan, and a lender takes a bath on it, well I'm fine with that. Let the one declare bankruptcy. Let the other write it off his taxes. Fine. There's just one thing I don't want to do: Have money stolen out of my pocket to ensure that either or both of the above idiots are protected from their own bad wagers. Lewis suggests that donors to charity be able to deduct the full amount of their contribution from taxes This brings up a comparison in my mind: Bill Gates (philanthropist) vs Paul Allen (investor). Whose post-Microsoft activity is more valuable? Who should be able to deduct more off of his taxes due to his cash distributions? Gates seems like a nice guy...but I think that's what he's going for: To make me (and the federalis) think he's a "nice guy". History has shown rather completely that charity is useless or harmful. Investing in companies, by contrast is useless or useful. I don't think we should encourage policies to make Paul Allen, like Gates, throw his money away rather than utilize it. What history are you referring to? The history of Africa. Billions and billions and billions of dollars thrown away. It's still very poor. To be sure, when I said "philanthropy" I implied the "giving to the poor" variety. Schools and Universities for whatever reason don't seem to spring up through the profit motive [1], and so giveaways of various kinds are typical. Many universities sprung up from Churches but that doesn't validate all the quantifiably harmful activities of churches. More to the point: She says that the Gates Foundation has made a massive difference over there Here's the thing: MAYBE Gates manages his money better than everyone else. I'm willing to accept the possibility, but I doubt it. It's always nice to hear that such-and-such is going well, but when it comes to massive boondoggles, you're unlikely to hear anything else. "Yes, yes, all the billions were well spent." The problem is, Africa is dirt poor despite endless charity from the west. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_ (nominal) I'm inclined to look at verifiable results rather than anecdotes. Here's the question: Do you think the presence of a well-run Emerging Markets investment fund through Gates' money would help Africa more or less than free Vista-loaded computers? [1] I don't know why this is. Why is CMU better than Devry? The best single answer is: Reputation. I'm inclined to bet of the free market, but educational systems seem resistent to the free market. Thanks for the link. You've confirmed everything I've said and more: The Gates Millennium Scholars fund, according to its official website's frequently asked questions section, only provides scholarships to African American, American Indian/Alaska Native, Asian, Pacific Islander American or Hispanic American applicants. What a tool. Maybe I will buy that Macintosh, after all... Imagine an investment firm with the above policy. Imagine! Africa has none of these. Wrong. South Africa is a passably modern country, and it became that way through its sheer money-making opportunities. The existence of rich resources, mixed with a decent climate made SA more workable than other countries. The Africans in SA didn't need handouts in order to work in mines. But currently, you have two types of prospering Africans in SA: Those who made it on their own, and those who received "handouts" from the affirmative-action-drunk post-Apartheid government. Guess which group might eventually sink the ship? Which sunk Zimbabwe? Improvement comes through mutually beneficial exploitation, like it or not. I'm an asshole, but I'm right. My (little) money's where my mouth is: Almost all of my investments are in foreign companies, with a large share in undeveloped countries. I've done quite well... I don't give a fly about Africa's well-being (believe me), but there's growth opportunities there. the British brought their institutions Shopkeeping. Checkmate. I heard "fake steve jobs" was conducting that interview. About fifty people will downmod you for criticizing Apple. I, however, downmodded you for criticizing blondes. John von Neumann invented flowcharts, and they were in a sense the first real high level language. Of course, the "compiler" in this relationship was the human, who would translate a flowchart into alterations in relay switches (or other bare metal hackery)...which themselves don't have a step-by-step logical quality. Flowcharts were 100 percent obsolete when Fortran and COBOL came into use. However, some managers still insist on the presence of them in design documentation. This is, perhaps, the single greatest indicator of incompetence available to us. That's hilariously off topic. "Where to get a trim?" Answer: At home, before you go to the airport. It does remind me that anybody who would pay over 50 dollars for a haircut deserves a complimentary bullet put in their head to balance out their stupidity-exceeding-intelligence problem. People have given millions of dollars to Ron Paul. That's an ungame-able vote. If Paul is getting 1-2 percent of real support among voters, then there should be no shortage of Guiliani and McCain and Romney fans to quickly downmod any stories they don't like. But evidently, Paul is the only Republican candidate with fans on reddit. If there's a "flaw" that's the only one. By the way, LBJ was much, much worse than Bush. Shouldn't have named the service after one of the founders. The company? Sure, call it "Justin Enterprises". Works as well as "Ford Motor". But it doesn't work when you name a product after a person. Ask Edsel. I read this far: an online phenomenon worth up to $6 billion Whatever. Until the next thing. 0111001001101111011101000011000100110011001000000110110101100 0010111100100100000011000100110010100100000011101000110100001 1001010010000001100010011001010111001101110100001011100010111 0001011100010000001000110011000110110111001111010011110100111 0010011001010110011000100000011011100110010101110010001000000 1100001011000100110011100100000011101000110001001110110011000 0101110100001000000110011101100010001000000110111101100010011 0011101110101011100100110010100101111011100110111011001100001 0111000100100000001010000101011001011010010000100010100100100 0000110111001100001011100010010000001100111011101010111001000 1000000110001101100101011100100110011001110010011000010111000 0011100100010000001100010011100110010000001000000001000000110 1010011101100111100101111001001000000111000001111001011010000 1110010001011010111011001100001001000000110011101110101011100 1000100000011001100111001001101110011001010111000001110101001 0000001110010011000010111010001110110011000010111001001100110 0010000001100111011000100010000001100110011001110110001001100 0110010000001101110011000010111000100100000011011000110001001 1010000010011101111001011110010010000001101110011110010110011 0011000100010000001101110011010010110001001110110011100010010 0000011001110111010101110010001000000111000101101000011110100 1101111001000000110001101110010011000100110001101111001011100 1000100000011010100111010101100010001000000111000001101110011 0000100100111011001110010000001110011011101100111010001101000 0110010101110010001000000110001001101000011001110010000001100 1010110001001100111001100010011001100100000001110110010110100 101001 "So, while News Corp bid 5 billion for the WSJ, you think you can get it with your 50 million dollar capitalization?" Hmm. Pass. As does alcohol, at certain concentrations. "Misquoting Mr Burns...that's a paddling." What matters most is the ambiance in which the course is taught; a gifted student will thrive in the company of other gifted students. This sentiment comes up time and time again. The first occurance of it being explicitly stated (to my knowledge) was Thoreau, who said that the advantage of Harvard was simply that: The association of the generation's best. But I believe he stated this in a chapter entitled "Economy", and it ended with, "...and the association of other students costs nothing." No one else points out that important point, and it amounts to this: Charging smart people just for gathering them together is a ripoff. The same is true with housing. Hey, I'd love to buy one of those foreclosures in detroit for 8 thousand dollars, but the problem is, no other smart people are that smart [1], and so you have to live with crackheads. [1] Unless they do later, and I become a successful land speculator. That's not the goal, however. "Quoting Mr Burns correctly? Oh, you better believe that's a paddling." I guess you have to copy and paste the think. Least alarming headline ever. "The future: An excess of women". Don't forget that the existence of gay men helps the ratio even more. Pretty soon it's going to be 10 does to a buck. What can the government ever do? 1) Generally, do nothing and so cause no harm. 2) Specifically, subsidize a particular business, and so do harm that is beneficial to said business. 3) Regulate natural monopolies. (viz, there is only one shortest distance between two points, and so that is typically where the highway has to go.) 4) Regulate natural commons. (viz, prevent toxic waste dumping, radio wave jamming, etc.) Only #2 is a serious vote getter. His criticism seemed to be of the genre "I don't like your team". Perhaps that's valid criticism to an extent, but the fact is that Spielberg himself started off with a pretty lowly resume. And what are you going to say? "Okay, you're right. My team blows. I'm replacing them with million dollar producers tomorrow." This started a bunch of associations for me. Remember the title sequence to that movie--try a little tenderness? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLjI_SgC2EY Check out this classic performance of the same: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3UlQVhMAbwg That's Fred Reed. He's an oddball. But consider: Who's the most famous Japanese American? A lot of people here might say, "Guy Kawasaki", but somebody did a poll asking just this question, and the overwhelming response was..."Bruce Lee". A dead Chinese actor. I'll be seeing YOU in pink-sheet related spam real soon. They are still on book #79, "Mystery of the Sacred Stones", in the Choose Your Own Adventure series. Science marches on... I watched the first few minutes of this a while ago. They were making unrealistic Faustian analogies, and it came off as unpleasantly dishonest. I would contend that no one has ever been driven crazy by thinking about mathematics. We like to think that sort of thing, but the branch of science involved is almost always chemistry... Really? I'm doing the same thing, except it's just a button. When you click the button, a page comes up and says, "You have clicked the button. To click the button again, click the button" When you click the button again, it says, "You have clicked the button again. To click the button again, click the button again." I'm trying to get it down to the absolute minimum of annoying configuration and deployment options. I don't think I'll ever match the masters though: http://www.zombo.com/ Rather striking that such a sentiment would find approval here. I'm not sure how you might actually defend such a statement. I would defy you to produce any fruits of sociology that are comparable to those of mathematics (remembering that everything in science and engineering hedges upon math). Web 2.0 is one huge sociology experiment It is...perhaps...a thing that falls under the rubric of "socialogical phenomena", but that doesn't really regard the science as such. It's just it's self-declared field of study. The science itself could have never existed and people would have still made webpages of various types. Again, I don't think I need to point out that mathematics are a necessary condition (10,000 times over) for "web 2.0" to even exist. Of course, big money is only to be made in volatile markets. In a stable, efficient market, people buy value stocks and make money from the dividends. So, you might think that "Well, I predict bad times, so I should short the market..." But that's not the case in inflationary times: http://www.mises.org/story/2532 The best strategy seems to be: 1) Go where the money will flow, and go where the future is young . This means Asia for the most part. Europe is almost as effed up as the United States, but with smaller defense expenditures. 2) Guard against inflation. You can do this by buying other currencies, gold, or by buying futures on margin, etc. "My friends and I" Best foot forward, you know. And I need to come up with a website worthy of someone breaking into. What you're doing seems to make sense. If this becomes popular, microsoft could conceivably buy it. I've just been using it for a bit, and there's one thing I find disconcerting. Let's say I click on "Joe Blow", and then I see "Conversations with Joe (150)". Okay, so I look at these "conversations"...now, maybe other companies are different, but as soon as you get more than a few people in an office, the bulk of the emails have 20 people in the To: [] section. Thus, if Jane Doe sends 20 people an email, among whom was me and Joe Blow, then all of a sudden there's a "Conversation" between me and Joe. Not the case. Because of that, the tool seems to add quite a bit of noise. Maybe make an option for "Types of conversation", "From Joe to me", and "From Me to Joe". Well, the useful parts of philosophy tend to drop off and become other fields...and so what's left becomes "useless" by default. Just as console gaming is slowly killing the PC gaming industry What an odd statement. The atari had a larger share of home games than any PC of the day. I don't play many games, but the superiority (economic and practical) of PC gaming is pretty obvious. Consoles have a marketing advantage...they're toys and don't have to mess around with on the matter. Seriously: What kind of stupid journalist would swallow such BS? Fact check, people. I wouldn't trust a 12 year old to run a lawnmower. Celery and pepper sauce taste quite a bit like chicken wings. I'm guessing that a good mix of meat stock and MSG would make them indistinguishable. Marketed correctly to the weight-conscious... I too was afflicted by 1000s of spam messages resultant from this. You know, maybe I need to brush up on my SEC regulatory knowledge, but it seems like sending billions of emails pumping up worthless penny stocks would be...seriously illegal. With so many offenses would it really be so hard for the FBI to see who's buying this crap before the spam goes out? You know...crunch the numbers and then maybe raid their computers? Just a thought. You can't blame Raytheon when they're dependent upon taking requirements from government dictate. I blame command economics. And bureaucratic whim. Metaphysics: Physics without a laboratory. [branch of philosophy]: [equiv. branch of science] without a laboratory. I'm not sure philosophy can really be improved beyond the obvious: ie, introducing experimentation after the theorization. But then it's no longer philosophy. most lucrative hiring for anyone Uh, Ballmer, who is somewhat less effective than Schmidt. Dammit. While typing this the stupid Forbes website advanced the slide, EVEN THOUGH I pressed "stop". Worst. Web. Design. Ever. Oh, there. It did it again... I swear the comment section attached to that link has an average IQ of somewhere between fish and salamander. 50 cents a month for storage (plus 3.95 per machine): https://mozy.com/pro/pricing Or I can get a 500 GB external hard drive for 125 dollars. So...someone help me out. Why would I not just get a couple big drives and avoid all the hassle and slowness of online storage? I don't understand the impulse people have to pay for inconvenience. 10 billion dollars? My god, if I was a major MSFT stakeholder, I'd be getting the tar and feathers ready. The paucity of students from poor and working-class backgrounds at the nation's selective colleges should be a national scandal. If you solve this problem, one generation later you have re-created it, as the children of previously poor families have gained the wealth associated with Harvard diplomas. The truth is--the problem such as it is, genuinely existed through almost all of history up until the middle of the 20th century. The problem was solved, and It's all but gone now. The poor are largely poor because of themselves and not circumstances. Where exceptions to this exist, they will be quickly eradicated by individuals who partake the widely available financial aid for college. nowhere as easy to escape nor self-created nor eradicated as you suggest Um, yes it is. 100 years ago almost everyone was "poor" by absolute standards. Today, almost no one is. Poverty has been all-but eradicated and it's something you almost have to aim for now. And the income gap appears to only be getting worse This is a make-believe problem. If I get a raise, the income gap has just increased (or decreased, depending). Whichever might occur doesn't change the basic advantage of getting a raise. around 50k. Good luck trying to raise a family (food, car, rent/mortgage) and save for their education on that Um, let's see...90 percent of the people I new growing up (actually much less than 50K), including my family, would fall in this category. So, you may have a very pampered sense of what is required to survive in this world, because it's totally foreign to me. it's possible to redistribute wealth through a Horatio Alger ethos generation after generation If that is your goal by itself, then a good mugging will do the job with much, much less in the way of administrative costs than redistributing money through a school system or some other structure. At any rate, the prices for schools are strictly nominal and are invariably lower for low-income students. This is just how schools segment the marketplace, and the fallacious sticker-price of schooling shouldn't distort one's view of society. But fewer than 50% of the American populace goes on to attend And fewer than 25 percent should attend. Your average person should enter vocational training rather than pretending to become a professional by spending 1000s of dollars on art history classes. My argument against it is that it's comedy, so... At any rate, from what I've seen, when you have two groups in a company, sysadmin-techs, and programmers, the sysadmins are always held in greater esteem by other employees. When you were growing up twenty years ago Not quite, but for what it's worth, I've spent a long time in the category of which you speak (quote poor endquote people). I've known people who did perfectly well with respect to economics on much less money than you think necessary within the last few years . I want everyone to have the opportunity to thrive while advancing society They do. You get your wish. Outside of people under the thumb of re-distributive regimes like the one in Zimbabwe, we are all pretty much free agents (and even Zimbabweans are as well, if they flee their country.) Microsoft calc.exe gets the answer right. What if AOL merged with Time-Warner? I tried it and my order failed (after making a normal order just hours before for something else). I guess they use the default 1-click thing, which I didn't have set up properly. I can't fathom why it wouldn't just use the normal checkout process. I also can't imagine why they make you download an .exe to get full albums. Dumb. > I also hate to be a stickler, but I would distinguish between "the English language" as such, and orthography. The (grammar of the) former is learned all-but-completely by the age of 8 or 9. The latter is arbitrary and mostly meaningless. Shakespeare spelled his name numerous different ways. Is he uneducated in the language? ... So: Would any companies be willing to take on 13 year olds for 4 year periods ("apprenticeships"), receiving a modest tuition in the process? That is: For 40,000 dollars over 4 years, would a company like Microsoft be willing to train up teenagers into professionals? There is no doubt that such a system would educate more fully, and more broadly, than high school. No. But I did intend the word "microsoft" to be a placeholder for any given company. Maybe that was unwise given the ms-hatred around here. Really--high school is all but worthless, and learning software design + 0..n domain-related topics at a company would be...immeasurably...more valuable than sitting in social studies class. And now to Python - it's use of forced indentation is great. Uh huh. There's the problem with fashions in programming languages. Even the purest BS misfeatures are celebrated. Hey, if you really like bondage and discipline, I've got some languages you might like: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fortran http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COBOL Here's the quote: they are never useful or informative. He/She seems to be referring to advertisments in general, making the statement all the more ridiculous. Advertisements are one component of marketing, and without them, all the other--more dishonest--components have all the more power. Most prominently, advertising allows the smallest companies to compete for attention along with massive companies, if only in a targeted way. identifying ads is relatively easy technically Oh, you think so? Well, when adblockers become standard issue, I can assure you that advertisements will be very difficult to identify, because they will be incorporated into search results, as in the old days. On the bright side, horseplay is down 40%, youthful exuberance has been cut in half, high spirits are at an all-time low. Immigration shouldn't be debated in the same way as other sorts of trade. It's 90 percent externalities, good or bad. we have a more market based health care system Health care, whether anyone likes it or not, can never be a free market. A free market requires willing buyers and sellers. Health-care consumers are uniformly unwilling. This prevents the occurrence of something you see in penny stock markets: The formation of a spread, in which buyers and sellers are unwilling to trade. In health care, the sellers can force a sale in such situations. It's simply that economists often assume that all markets are (or potentially are) free, when that isn't the case. Some markets come close (items on eBay, stocks, commodities, currencies, etc) while others don't. If you start with a naturally "unfree" market, the same set of rules don't apply. It's just economists' long-standing physics-envy coming through. They want to think their field has "laws of gravity" that are always true. I like the idea, but don't really like the look. Kind of messy. And the "niches" that I'm seeing are: "Beautiful mind", "Post launch", "Break time", etc. Those aren't niches but uber-vague references to niches. she more than makes up for it in other areas though Hey, I just resisted the urge to say something crude. Whatever. Here are some numbers: http://www.gnxp.com/MT2/archives/002566.html?entry=2566 Let's drop the conspiracy theories about the evil "white" man. Anyway. Rest assurred that all inefficiency has to be paid for. When a valuable resource is given to one group that doesn't deserve it (blacks/hispanics/whatever through affirmative action) it has to be paid for by another undeserving group, rich idiots, who reasonably expect an ROI. And so Harvard segments the market, giving away some degrees for politics reasons, and giving away others for economic reasons. In real hunts, you have this one player called the "alpha male". If you think cooperation is the hallmark of such arrangements, try a bit of defiance... Definitely good for a Mary Worth subplot. Now let's hear about the time the waiter forgot to let you smell the cork and it turned out to be the '82 not the '81. LOL, we really had it out with the sommelier that night. Oh, well, just another day in the life of us steely, gung-ho adventurers/soft core porno mongers. Men are the "default" and will remain so. However, if a group stops being the default, then they start becoming involved in identity politics. # unpythonic way of squaring each element in a list ... # Pythonic way ... # Correct way (...in any language, and if I see anything else in my co-workers code, you damn well better believe there will be a re-write): List dest_list = squareEachElementInList(source_list); The problem with languages like Lisp, Haskell, Erlang, etc, is that the syntax is completely atrocious. It's not just a matter of parenthesis or whatever. It's a matter of eye-straining horribleness. People have little trouble learning and using Javascript, for the simple reason that its syntax is reasonable. I got a trojan horse for the first time in a long time a few weeks ago. It occurred to me that, yeah, the zombie problem is very real--there are literally millions of computers out there in bot nets causing god-only-knows how many billions in damage. Vista is trying to address that, and while most smart people are either using linux or have xp configured acceptably, mom and pa are probably better off with Vista's security B&D. Why should I have to write a function A function hides the implementation. to traverse a list Because there are different ways to traverse a list. An arraylist is easier to traverse with respect to CPU cycles and memory usage (typically) than a linked list. What does python use internally? I don't know, and I'd just as soon decide that myself... square each element While there are only so many ways to square numbers, for more complicated things, you are doing to want to change implementations while keeping it all hidden. In java, you are occasionally going to want to splice in native code. recombine them into a list I may not want to recombine them in a list, but square them in place. A function makes that trivial, and further makes it trivial to decide when and how to do that. --> The real reason is one of readability. More english, less brackets and commas please. dest = map(square, src) Well, this is okay. Of course, in java, you have to hack it unpleasantly, List dest = map(UtilityMethods.class, "square", src) ...you have to manually extract the method "square" from UtilityMethods.class and process it over src. One advantage: You can use UtilityMethods as a namespace and swap in different methods thereby. Al is repeating himself: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSnaL_UgW9s the runtime performance of the Lisp programs in the aggregate was substantially better than C and C++ Well, my bullshit monitor just went off. You can pretend you are comparing languages, but the real difference is almost certainly algorithmic. Do Lisp advocates really need to depend upon flawed methodologies to make their arguments? Here's an idea, if you want to prove the superiority of Lisp: Write more software in it. Not crappy little websites. Real software. It's easily bridged, and I believe there's a degree of institutional pressure to not allow it. In all of the following years of the war, artillery bombardments were ordered on Christmas Eve to ensure that there were no further lulls in the combat. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christmas_truce There's nothing I hate more than when my company wants me to pose for a brochure photo or website photo etc. Maybe I'm a "bad employee", but like most devs, I'm just an introvert naturally. However good or bad the video was, there are lots of people who would never want to participate in such silly things, irrespective of the technical sympathy that might exist between themselves and the company. Generally, familiar music. I can't think of any other commonality beyond what stems from the fact that programming doesn't facilitate the ability to listen to new music. I was going to say--oh, Debussy and Chopin. But why be a snob when I also listen to early Madonna music, and stuff too horrible to mention except anonymously: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dsi8ho1PgKM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sI5LWwC-cE8 I thought for sure this would mention another "innovation" that came out of Chrysler, "Extreme Programming": http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?WasChryslerComprehensiveCompensationS... Short story: Chrylser had been trying to unify its various systems and subsystems for payroll and had failed and failed. Eventually, a group of consultants were brought in who had invented a particular agile technique, extreme-programming. Of course, the project failed, but that didn't keep the consultants from spreading the XP word throughout the world. I know exactly zero people under the age of 40 who read newspapers. Their demise is unrelated to cellphones. Internet friends do not count as friends. If you go to a VC with a new idea and ask him to invest in it, one of the first things he'll ask is, how hard would this be for someone else to develop? That is, how much difficult ground have you put between yourself and potential pursuers? http://www.paulgraham.com/wealth.html For facebook the question "how hard?" is meaningless. There are a 1000 replicons already waiting to take its place. The only thing wrong with what Ballmer said is that it isn't "a couple years", but "right this very moment". The numbers don't pass the smell test. Best bet: All-male boards represent brand-new companies. Only mature, profitable companies start to worry about installing "tokens". means kids growing up who don't use Google [Rolls eyes] who don't have basic proficiency with the Internet [Rolls eyes] That's awful. [Rolls eyes] There are 60 billion (or more) hard core porn images on the internets. No need to expose 8 year olds to them. I think the search box in wikipedia would be sufficient to acclimate them to the whole "Type word, press search" paradigm. They'll be prepared...if only for google. I mean, Bill Gates had a teletype into a mainframe, so maybe they're doomed anyway. EDIT: By the way, I've seen first hand how kids go straight for the very worst stuff on the web, and it's pretty depressing. So, there's definitely a valid market for this kind of thing... I might have focused the defense on the fact that these laws were intended to be used against black marketers, and not casual downloaders. (If that's the case--I believe it is.) This case is like charging penny poker players with racketeering. Syria responded, "Don't tase me, bro". ... So long karma. If you love it, then of course stay there. Geez, stupid question. When the "Exit" icon is clicked, Miss America coos, "Buh-BYE!" LOL. Doesn't sound like it. Buh-BYE A product (or person) that has a particular value, but is undervalued for some incorrect reason, represents an inefficiency in the market. But free markets are self-correcting, because... The real money in this world is in recognizing inefficiency and exploiting (viz, "correcting") it. Okay? So give the kid some money for a share in his endeavor, and you'll clean up. Unless you're just BSing. Oh, sorry for the profanity, grandma. It's just that when "straight forward" software causes someone to get "ecstatic", my BS detector flips a bit. Sorry. You will get a lot further in life if you do yourself the goodness of presenting yourself in a favorable light to others. No doubt. (...wondering if you gave this advice to the subject in his "t-shirt, necklace, sweatpants and all") What should be illegal is silently judging the "coolness" or "good looks" or "charisma" of a candidate. Because, in the real world, that's usually what gets you the job. And I spent all of it obsessively reading the RSS 1.0 mailing list No wonder he gets invited to all the best parties. a list of companies I thought were good ideas and pulled the top one off the list. The idea was this: make building a web site as easy as filling in a textbox. AWESOME!!! It's like a comment section with only one entry, with the whole thing renamed "web site". He apparently has some sort of wacky charm, and that is how he's gotten where he is. His genius is obviously anchored firmly to the mundane. I object to the overuse of the word "hacker". You're all like a bunch of freshman coeds in English class talking about the day they became poets. Roughly, someone who is unquestionably a hacker has to identify you as such. It's clearly a cultural thing, and that defies objective measurement. http://www.paulgraham.com/gh.html the CTO couldn't be a first rate hacker, because to become an eminent NT developer he would have had to use NT voluntarily, multiple times, and I couldn't imagine a great hacker doing that I think pg sometimes types faster than he thinks. The same person who designed NT designed VMS. Richard Stallman (iirc) wanted to use VMS instead of Unix as a basis when he started GNU but couldn't for some reason. At bottom, there is nothing wrong with NT, aside from open-source nonsense (hack the kernel lately? No?). Is there anything preventing great work on Windows? No, no, no. And I would suggest that John Carmack is a better coder than all of you put together, but since he's willingly used NT, he's evidentally no great hacker. Hence, it is more culture- than technology- or product-based. EDIT: I'll say one thing for him: I'm glad he compiled all the "Tom the dancing bug" 'toons: http://www.aaronsw.com/2002/tddbArchive What if you have great technical people in the beginning who happen to have no equity stake? They leave as soon as something better comes along. Giving them equity [with vesting] prevents that from happening. If the person is okay with just a salary, he'll go work at Microsoft or Google and additionally collect the "intangible" benefit of job security. These aren't difficult concepts. "Here's the deal" (winks the capitalist to the Mexican/Indian/Filipino), "You come here and take a job for less than the prevailing wages. In exchange, you get to live in a place that has traditions, institutions, infrastructure, social programs, laws, etc, that supplement your salary...all at no cost to me." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tragedy_of_the_commons Keep in mind, that everything is paid for. By someone. Just because it isn't person X who is paying, doesn't mean it is good policy when person X writes a column in Reason magazine. If the work is of a commodity nature (ie something a quick visit to rentacoder could accomplish) then the idea is worth a lot, relatively. But most ideas aren't worth much. It depends. Ask yourself: Does my idea fit one of these molds: Social networking for X. A combination of google maps and Y. An online app to let you keep a personal list of Z. ...then your idea isn't worth much. God damn, this is the most incoherent crap I've read in a long while. Can we get a downmod arrow? Using IQ scores to measure people is extremely efficient. A 15 minute test can give you a good, rough idea of what sort of work a person is capable of. Someone who gets an 85 on an IQ test isn't going to MIT (no matter the effort), whereas a person with a 145 probably could (with effort). This is mainly useful in situations optimized for efficiency--think mass inductions, as into the army or college, where individually judging people isn't possible. The army can't send everyone to officer school, and Harvard can't give everyone a one-semester tryout. This isn't the situation faced by investors, who can devote more time to distinquishing people. the interface really really sucks I've found the interface very good. I think it took about 15 minutes to go from zero to a worldwide ad campaign. Let's keep perspective. ....................... I pay about 6 to 10 cents per click. I get about 1000 impressions a day with a very small monthly budget. Adsense, by contrast, is completely worthless...maybe one click every couple months. Make sure you aren't corrupting your view of adwords by accidentally targeting adsense (which google encourages). Hunger is not arbitrary. The nervous system tells you what to eat. If you stay with substances that were around during humanity's long evolutionary period, you'll do fine: Meat, vegetables, fruits. If you spend more than 10 minutes worrying over it, you've already lost. Just having a body to fill the seat is not, I repeat not, always a win for the company. No kidding. Hmm. Interesting. Anyone who has been a developer or managed developers can tell you that an expert can accomplish as much as 10 average developers. Anyone who has already heard the standard cliche could and perhaps would tell you that also. Of course, the reason Brooks originally said "10" rather than "9" or "11" is because that is how many fingers we have, and it would be odd if that number somehow corresponded to a programmer ability ratios. In fact, ...the ratio is often incalculable, depending on the task. Average programmers simply won't be able to complete certain tasks. Easy tasks, like CRUD apps, are more a matter of typing speed than thinking speed, and so a 10:1 ratio isn't likely to happen...unless one programmer is good enough to force a paradigm shift...whether moving assembler to COBOL or Flat files to SQL to ORM or whatever. In that case, the productivity gain is 1000000:1 or more...if the innovation spreads beyond that one task. A homework generator seems like a nichey thing that you could do on your own, without investors. I'm not criticizing anything. Not needing funding is a good thing. Few people need YC's anything . Quit arguing with me. Jesus Christ. I was trying to be encouraging, as in "You can sell your product without pg and company." Every science has its branch of engineering. Physics has Physical engineering, Comp Sci has software development, physiology has medicine. What's the equivilent branch of engineering for sociology or social pyschology? I can think of: Propaganda/public relations/advertising, group and crowd control, realpolitik, etc. Nothing too good in a general sense. ...and soon the white devils will return with the cargo. Complete with self-obsessed meta-discussions. Okay, a variation on the thing I've been saying for a while now: When a link gets into the top twenty, THEN give us a down arrow. should I seriously suggest that we rewrite all the code Great idea. And ask them about their severence benefits when you do this. cool new startup ... I think I could do the whole thing myself in a couple days How cool could it be if their technology is so simple? The danger of something must be balanced with its utility. Cars are (sadly) unavoidable. let me explain it. And let me explain pi: Pi is exactly THREE. Actually, there's no "you" or "me" explaining it. The math behind the question is complicated and most people instantly fall into the mistake of pretending it is simple. http://www.google.com/search?q=more+guns+less+crime From Amazon's review, In retrospect, it perhaps should not have been surprising that increasing the number of civilians with guns would reduce crime rates. The possibility of armed victims reduces the expected benefits and increases the expected costs of criminal activity. Well, maybe. Maybe not. It's mature. At some point, a lot of articles become "done", or at least beyond the point of needing constant revisions. Or not, but because the medium is perfectly suited to Mr. Warhol's taste..."I like boring things," he once wrote I guess the site might make its millions by stroking people's vanity (which is why I suggested a while back to rename it to something that doesn't so obviously stroke someone else's vanity, viz, Justin Kan), but it's so wrist-cuttingly dull I don't even want to think about it. I really hope it was more than high costs that marginalized Cinema verite so many years ago--perhaps that viewers want something more than voyeurism. Here's your answer: http://worsethanfailure.com/Articles/I_Think_I_0x27_ll_Call_... In practice, the word "troll" has come to replace "dissenter" and "devil's advocate" and other terms with good connotations. It does encourage groupthink--as soon as someone differs from the party line, bang , that person gets labeled as a troll, end of discussion. This is very common on political sites (viz, sites that have party lines). A real troll starts out making small, reasonable claims, and then, after getting people to agree with him at first, makes larger and larger claims. The precedent is "A modest proposal". Wikipedia is on google's front page for almost every noun in the English language, and #1 for many. Examples: "top": 3 and 4 "ten": 11 "noun": 2 "English": 1 and 2 "Language": 1 "number": 1 and 2 "one": 3 and 4 "many": 3 What's it worth? Billions and billions and billions. The term "troll" is sometimes misused where "devil's advocate" should apply. IP theft is rampant in comedy circles, evidentally: http://www.radaronline.com/from-the-magazine/2007/02/take_th... The computer that beat Kasparov had chess-specific processors. IIRC, they could process a move in one cycle--something that normally takes thousands and thousands of cycles. Apple II. I had no disks, so the computer had to stay on if my BASIC programs were to be retained. I remember thinking how exotic and exciting the 5 1/4 disk was when I finally got one. Yes, I still remember the brand: http://images.google.com/images?q=Elephant+Memory+Systems That sort of crap has been around for a long time. It features the grimmest of the grim socialist/faux intellectual German taste in things. Severe, cold, cheap, right-angled, colorless, inhuman, inhumane, and above all efficient. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bauhaus The best take down that I'm aware of is here: http://www.tomwolfe.com/Bauhaus.html ...which reminds me of Ron Paul. Have you thought about buying some land in Guyana, clearing out the brush, and starting a new settlement...? How could there be less to it? It's a CRUD app. Nice picture of Ballmer there. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ug4c2mqlE_0 Oh, please. Shit happens. Sheesh. An administrative error. Hate to sour this little love-in, though. And don't forget the dancing and the singing! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wm1-VsiznAU "Testing on the Toilet," and the idea stuck. This I think stems from another cool googly initiative to have the highest-quality toilets in the industry. Basically, the seats are so generous and comfortable that googlers sometimes stay as late as 9 or 10PM so they can pass waste at work rather than at home. Fits in nicely with the catered meals and other homey accomodations. Supposedly, they're going to start have cool group "bathroom times" so that engineers can discuss cool new projects and initiatives during moments that would otherwise be spent only on body functions. The idea of dealing with SAP sends a chill down my spine, and my billing rate up an extra 20/hour. Programmers are maybe a little sheltered, but there are these people called "salesmen" who are sometimes quite good at dealing with the problems you'll have. If you genuinely fill a "big need", then it's just a matter of hiring the right person. Most cities have these (almost) free office spaces called "Starbucks". You can meet there until revenue starts coming in. If you could aggregate user comments from different sources, that would be a very nice thing. I go to amazon.com mainly for the reviews. This sort of thing reminds me of just how trivial the reasons for using, or not using, a website are. When froogle renamed itself to google.com/products, I pretty much stopped using it. Why? Because when I do a product lookup, I want it as fast as possible. That's the most important thing. ...notice that the "F" and "R" in "FROOGLE" are both on the left side of the keyboard. Thus, I could type "FR" with my left hand and use the mouse to select "froogle.com" in firefox's dropdown in the address box. Can't do that with google.com/products. It might (obviously) tend to weed out the color blind, but I think these would be hard to crack: http://www.toledo-bend.com/colorblind/Ishihara.html This needs downmodded so hard. He's peddling dope, and if you'd been paying attention you would have seen him do it many times before. If you want to talk business, okay: There is a period in every drug's existence where it is legal. This happened with heroin, cocaine, lsd, etc. In this twilight, money can be made, yes. And if the drug becomes successful, it will eventually be regulated or criminalized. There's nothing special about this. all of a sudden You're right. The wholesale replacement of one people for another by bureaucratic fiat should be done gradually, so as not to alarm the sheep. Really? Good idea. Here's my idea: I finally have time to do what I've always wanted: write the great American novel. Mine is about a futuristic amusement park where dinosaurs are brought to life through advanced cloning techniques. I call it "Billy and the Cloneasaurus" You guys do realize that this is possible with Java, right? (It depends on your environment, of course.) ...generally, you wouldn't do this production systems, I would hope, whatever the language. A lengthy treatment of the abortion question: http://www.isteve.com/Freakonomics_Fiasco.htm It's too late to give a good summary right now, but basically, it comes down to the question of "who gets abortions?" and counter-intuitively, it's not the thoughtless, last-minute-birth-control people, but rather people who take a careful look at the cost:benefits of unwanted pregnancy, and so terminate--and they are usually smart, non-criminal types. C and C++ and Java, etc, were written for practical reasons, and they attract practical followers. When someone writes a blog post about Java, it's rarely to show a "trick" or to prove superiority, but rather to solve some problem. If I'm typing away in Java, you KNOW I have an end-goal. No one plays around, because...it's not a toy. It's like saying, French is a more beautiful language than English (it is, you know). But compare the import/export ratio of the film and popular music industries. I can't recall the last French pop song I heard... Wait, I do: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-sUzR71wpQ News Corp paid 580 million for myspace. MSFT paid 240 Million for 1.6 percent of facebook. ...guess which one of these companies has access to a financial spreadsheet application? Obviously, Microsoft can lose 240 million dollars without much harm, but this unbelievable idiocy means that microsoft will either have a vast change in management very soon or an untimely death. I knew of one such instance where a bunch of MBAs outsourced their idea to a single Indian coder. He did a passable job, but the app was full of bugs. And that's when they realized that a .war file doesn't contain source code. hard to have a democracy when people don't know what "agriculture" is. According to the journalist's source, when posed the stumper about definining agriculture, "Not a single student could do it". I sometimes feel like I'm the only adult who actually remembers being young, or remembers going to school. Remember school: Often enough, a teacher (or professor) would stand up, clear his throat, and grandiloquently ask, Now, could somebody define the word "agriculture"? . Of course, everyone rolls his eyes, and nobody answers the stupid question. NOBODY answers those questions--because you automatically become an idiot when you do so: I believe I know the answer, sir. Agriculture is the process of raising edible plantlife on a large scale for purposes of trade and direct consumption[1] Obviously, the journalist's methodology suggests that he himself is a functional illiterate. NO--you don't ask your friend the cranky high school teacher his opinion and then extrapolate it out to the world. Bad science. Bad reporting. People don't change that much, really. Evolution is slow. A stupid generation (evidenced by IM-engendered spelling skills) can easily be followed by a smart one. Genuine declines in intelligence are possible, but that has to do with dysgenics, a subject which most San Francisco newspapers generally won't touch on. [1] I got this off the top of my head--I hope it's right. I could see doing this if there was reliable third party credit reporting and interest rates starting at 20 percent/year. Also, how do they make money on this...just through the float? Seems like it: When my business makes a repayment, can I reloan or withdraw the funds immediately? No. You will not be credited for your loan funds until the entire loan has been paid back in full, at which time you may reloan or withdraw your funds. ...seems like there would be all kinds of ways to game this. The Perl Golf anti-pattern. I think "Grand Theft Auto" is a horrible game. It's as close to pornography for the game business as you can get Wrong: (At bottom) http://www.seanbaby.com/nes/atari2600.htm http://www.seanbaby.com/nes/egm09.htm This is well known. Hmm. It would be nice if someone released a benevolent trojan that basically informed everybody that infinite porno is available via bittorrent. All in all, it would be nice to close down the manufacturing end of that business... [shrug] I keep a list of things to do in version control. I think the real attraction of "productivity software" is that it's easy to make with a potentially large user base. Women don't go into science because the behavior of inanimate objects doesn't interest them. Have you ever been really, really puzzled by someone's stupidity? I have... Just now. Fact: Every command that has the potential to be used in a repetitious way MUST HAVE A SHORTCUT KEY. No exceptions. Ctrl-W that one. 300,000 dollars? They couldn't take out a few 2nd mortgages? For many years, weight lifters thought that by increasing the number of repetitions, they could increase their strength. Eventually, they found out this wasn't true. What's needed is a very few reps and a great amount of weight. The same is likely true with intellectual pursuits. Better to struggle with Bach's inventions 30 minutes a day than to play "Smoke on the water" for 10 years. ...I think what they are attempting is closer to "extortion" than mere selling. Just to throw out an idea, why not track historical prices and graph them in the same manner that finance websites graph stock prices? People do this all the time, but don't really have a tool for it. Seems like it would be fun, and (if it caught on) would result in an awful lot of repeat visitors. ...of course, it would be trivially easy for google to reproduce that. Can someone explain why this got upmodded to #1? It reads like it was written by a 23 year old who just got turned down by google's HR department. And then: Don't get me started about the developers. They hardly do any work, they get quoted in the press all the time as if they're gods, and make millions of dollars, and I do all the work Huh? Satire? I can't tell... This calls for an EMERGENCY MARKETING MEETING: http://homestarrunner.com/sbemail164.html ...they're used in education, unlike e.g. Rachmaninoff's 3rd. Games. But of course, Apple has much more room for growth overall. "Work hard". Okay, thanks. Actually, we already knew that--you know, the purpose of research is to discover how to reduce the amount of effort required for a given result. That is, "How do you move a boulder?" can be answered with "Work hard" or "Invent a bulldozer." ONE of those answers didn't require much hard work to conceive. Quite a study. I'd like to see a study in which a group of very young children (even babies) are made to populate a controlled environment (where they are served by Automat-style food dispensers) in order to see what form of government they develop in such an untarnished state of nature. My guess? Anarcho-syndicalism tempered by naptime. What story could you possibly make this into except, "Rich fucks pay to get ahead of poor sick people in emergency rooms?" Why are they illegal? What should be illegal is noise pollution. (I guess it is...) Users of this service aren't allowed to "get ahead of" anyone That is rather clearly the whole point, but I'm not going to argue with you--I'm just alterting you to the fact that the public response to this will be overwhelmingly anti-elitist. As such, any advertising should probably be targeted. I think the flaw is pretty well-known. Frankly, I'm encouraged by any non-standard candidates who actually get noticed one way or the other. At large companies, much of the busy-work that you remember from school goes on. It's important for everyone to have something to talk about at their weekly status meetings. At large companies, there are lots of useless people, useless management, etc. For future reference: Make the C64 Tutorial, then do the beer run. Not t'other way round. use of the a-bomb doesn't qualify, as there was nothing stealthy "Stealth" as used here is a pathetic weasel word. Such rhetoric comes up all the time in order to demonize the tactics used by the poorly-equipped, in contrast to the expensively-equipped. But, FYI, the Japanese had an air-raid system which normally functioned whenever bombers were detected. In the case of the atomic attacks, the alarms weren't set off because one bomber does not signify a bomb-run. Hence, they were as "stealthy" as anything could be. EDIT: To head off the argument "But we warned them," it is pretty clear that no one is going to evacuate entire cities on mere warnings. Completely impractical. Conventional bombers are also terroristic, according to any dictionary definition of the word. Even lexicographers are subject to political whim, I'm sure, so you can make up whatever definition you want. We should understand at minimum that it is not more honorable somehow to attack from a greater distance, using more elaborate machinery, using different words to describe the same results, etc. None of those is morally positive. You're getting just a tad trollish. I did not suggest casting poxes at any point, though I would suggest that various diplomatic structures prevent war in a more-or-less predictable way. There is an explicit branch of strategic bombing which is explicitly terrorism. No ambiguity involved. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terror_bombing Okay, those are the five marketing lines as to why I should purchase an iPhone. Where are the reasons that it is the "best thing invented this year"? Or, better still: Where are the reasons as to why it constitutes an invention at all? Don't get into language wars when you're trying to sell a product. Obviously, Java applets work for yahoo and for the people who use yahoo games, so people are evidentally able to tolerate "bloated nightmares". Applets have clunky startup/shutdown processes. That's their main problem. Aside from that, they duplicate the desktop experience quite accurately, unlike Ajax, which is a permanent kludge. Plus, how else are we going to play Kid Icarus without applets: http://www.davieboy.net/play/game.all.play.asp?rom=11.zip... Alert Warren Buffett! I wonder why people do that sort of thing except as an exercise: http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&q=+this+works+perfect... How many largish bloggers are there? 10,000 maybe? Certainly, when the pagerank hits a certain point, keeping a human-verified whitelist of sites is doable. That is, if something is getting a high enough position on google, a google rep could look for a phone number and verify that a human, not a bot, is behind the content. Of course, this will hurt short-term ad revenue...