That's a fair comment. I must admit that it's specifically Kevin Rose who uses that term a lot. John. 28. John. I agree with PG on this. I'm trying to fix this problem with Wildfire: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/problems-with-social-news.ht... John. I know of at least one company that uses this as a way to determine the growth of their competitors. They simple poll weekly and understand growth and the trend over time. John. An insight into how billionaires think in NYC comes from Mayor Bloomberg who takes the subway to work. That's way cheaper than parking in Manhattan. John. Interesting. Reminds me of something I set up a while ago: http://imlonely.org/ John. Perhaps someone is finally doing a POPFile ( http://getpopfile.org/ ) as an Outlook plug-in. John. The entire up vote/down vote thing needs to go away. Voting on a story should be related to an action that the user is taking which implies an up/down vote. For example, in my Facebook application Wildfire stories are up voted only if you pass then on to your friends. As you mentioned to me yesterday, delicious/popular is interesting because it's based on pages people bookmarked for themselves. John. It sure seems like it. Of course the right thing to do is actually implement Digg inside Facebook... like this: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/wildfire-has-launched.html John. Is that you, Kevin Rose? John. 39 + BA Mathematics and Computation + DPhil in Computer Security Well I can add my little web site UseTheSource to the list of dead ideas. It's "Digg" but just for code. www.usethesource.com. John. I agree. I was amazed that she mentioned using version control. Anyone here not using version control? John. I do use email as my TODO list, but I publish the length of the queue for all to see. Makes me deal with stuff just knowing that anyone could be looking. http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/06/measuring-my-inbox-depth.htm... John. cmdrtaco does have a point. These community news sites are great when the community reflects your views, but once the community grows they stake to not reflect your views. One way to correct this is to only get news from a group that is similar to you (for some definition of 'similar'). One attempt to do this is my Wildfire application for Facebook which shows you news from your friends. http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/problems-with-social-news.ht... John. Thanks for the feedback. I'll look into implementing those changes. I'm not sure why I chose that particular checksum... it's been a while since I wrote this. John. Having worked for a top-line VC firm and sat through _a lot_ of presentations I agree with the article. Standing to present feels weird. The general atmosphere in a VC meeting is that everyone around the table is having a discussion, the slides are there to facilitate the discussion. John. I love Trac. I use it for a commercial project of mine ( http://www.extravalent.com/ ) and I use the Wiki to provide the documentation to my end users, I use the bug database and I use the SVN integration. John. I use Clickatell and like the service. At 250k messages you're getting a 23% discount. At today's prices 250k messages will cost $12,000. John. Care to share the pricing of mBlox (privately if necessary). I'm currently paying Clickatell about 0.06 per message. John. Back in the mists of time I wrote code in BASIC and assembly for the Research Machines 380Z/480Z computers. When they came out with their Z-NET network I reverse engineered (with a friend) the packet send/receive APIs and we built on top of it a reliable transport protocol that would enable us to guarantee delivery of about 128 bytes of data to a machine on the network. The entire code was stuffed into an unused block of data within the operating system and when a packet was received the receiving code would get an interrupt and would promptly CALL the code in the packet. We were able to reliably deliver 128 bytes of machine code and have it execute on any machine. This turned out to be very cool because it enabled us to build a complete package for network management and monitoring (we could do stuff like mirror the screen on any machine to another one). John. First computer I used was a Sharp MZ-80K. First computer I owned was a BBC Micro Model B. John. I often do work on an hourly basis. Suppose I charge $500/hour and write a function in one hour that a less skilled programmer charging half my rate does in four hours. Guess who gets paid the most. John. The iPhone comparisons make me laugh since the N810 is not a phone! John. SV is very expensive. I think London is a perfectly good place. John. Speaking as a resident of France, the fact that he was a French civil servant was not lost of me :-) John. That is related because as I was debugging my scripts I figured I'd use the Microsoft Script Debugger. Big freakin' mistake. The debugger crashed and took IE with it. I use OS X most of the time and Linux most of the rest of the time. Every time I go back to Windows to do something Microsoft finds a way of kicking me in the teeth. John. Thanks. I'll do that. John. This was a pretty heavy prototype/scriptaculous based application. I'm pretty familiar with the YUI stuff, but have never used jQuery. How does it compare to prototype? John. Me too. Trac is nice if you are using Subversion. John. Implement tags and filter by tag. John. The nice thing is that tags are folders and so you can use POPFile ( http://popfile.sf.net/ ) to do automatic tagging. John. My experience is that you should _plan_ as if you have 40 hours a week per developer because you are going to be wrong and end up needing more time than you expect. The work after 40 hours is just keeping you on schedule. John. Yes, but that $1B is only calculated using the special Facebook RDF. John. The use of the color distance measure turns out to be important in spam filtering because of the 'Camouflage' trick used by some spammers where similar, but not identical colors are used to mask chunks of 'good' text inserted to try to fool spam filters. From http://www.jgc.org/tsc/ Camouflage (GWI!Camouflage!HTML) What: Like Invisible Ink, but instead of using identical colors (e.g. white on white) use very similar colors. Date added: June 2, 2003 Example from the wild: The colors 1133333, 123939, and 423939 are chosen to be very similar without being the same) those rearing lands Plasticine sex-cartoons. eel harness highest Absolutely new category of adu1t sites. nobody jets held Northumbria- diamond sleep Seems like the sort of thing that could take off on Facebook. My Wildfire app is 'similar' in that it uses the social graph to spread news http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=2399397752 John. Just adding tagging plus tag filtering would do a lot. John. OK, but the disadvantage (that everyone gets all content) is a pretty big one. That means that Joe User gets the admin page sent to them hidden using CSS. If you want to cache individual pages for users then you can do that with a standard cache mechanism (e.g. memcached) and just expire the cache when you decide an update is necessary. John. It would be cool if he system looked at what links I clicked on and then didn't vote up. That could be used to get an idea of what I didn't get excited about; perhaps that would could as a fractional vote down. John. I made the following comment over at reddit on this story; thought it might be of interest here: As part of building the test suite for the POPFile project I built my code code coverage module that produced colored files (one per source file) indicating which lines had been exercised by the test suite and which had not. Each line is colored green if the test suite executed it, red if not. Lines are numbered. An example of this can be found here: http://popfile.sourceforge.net/Module.html The code that does this is part of the POPFile project under the GPL. John. I have no idea what my wife's cell phone number is; I entered it in mu cell phone once and I just think of her as 2# :-) John. No one else took you up on this, but my mother is definitely curvy. John. OK, now I know why no one else replied. I feel weird about talking about my mother that way. Agreed. I'm currently working 50%. I work every other week on a consulting job that pays the bills for an entire month for me and my family. The other 50% it's my time (and some extra time with the little ones). John. Sure. I'm doing two types of work mainly: software development and management consulting. On the software development side of things I've been doing work on the backend of web sites (the most well know is http://www.signal-spam.fr/ ). On the management consulting side I'm helping a start-up that's growing rapidly to put in place some appropriate processes in engineering so that they don't explode :-) I arrange my schedule like that by telling clients that I'm not available at certain times (the times I want for myself), using the white lie that I'm busy with a different client (which just happens to be me). So far, two years now, I've managed to juggle that and bring in enough money. But there's been some standard of living decline as purchases for expensive items (say that new video camera I'm ogling) have been delayed. John. On the 'two chicks' thing, there's no need to be a billionaire for that. There are plenty of countries where prostitution is legal and you could do two chicks. John. Thanks. I told the right person about it. John. Seems like a reasonable goal to me. I already know that a number of people use POPFile to do things like sort "interesting" from "uninteresting" messages (e.g. one journalist uses POPFile to automatically filter out press releases that don't interest him). However, one issue with comments is that they can be short leaving not a lot of text to work with. John. I don't remember exactly how many hours I worked on http://l8tr.org/ , but it wasn't more than a day. Now l8tr gets constant use, but I'd hardly call it a start-up. Tagmindr sounds similar, a useful little thing that happens to be on the web. John. And that coming from a guy whose name is 'merkin' :-) This doesn't surprise me. I'm in a different part of Europe that's getting the iPhone in a few days, and I won't be rushing out to buy it. Sure, it looks like a nice piece of kit, but if I'm going to upgrade from my RAZR... 1. 3G please. Since the iPhone is expensive I expect it to be able to act as a decent modem for my MacBook Pro when I'm on the road. EDGE has a theoretical top speed of 200Kbps, but is more like 90Kbps in practice. Whereas I can go out and get a 3G+ (up to 36Mbps) modem for my computer for 9 EUR plus a contract. 2. Poor camera at price point. The Nokia N95 is similarly priced but has a much better camera (5 megapixel with a Zeiss lens and a flash). 3. While we're on the topic of the similarly priced N95 it also has GPS and is 3G+ and EDGE so satisfies point #1. And it has WiFi. The N95 probably loses on the screen and the "Apple experience" of very well integrated applications. Also, it's kind of ugly. 4. Non-interchangeable battery. This is a big deal for anyone like me who travels a lot. So the iPhone looks expensive, nicely packaged, but not compelling. I'll wait for v2. John. So what's the technology behind this? John. I agree, although there's nothing wrong with using 'comment length' as an input to some learning system. In POPFile we use quite a lot of 'meta' information about email including length to make a decision. John. I agree on the Mitchell book. If you are looking for a light introduction to naive Bayesian text classification then there's always the piece I wrote for DDJ: http://www.ddj.com/development-tools/184406064 John. So the way I currently have it the man-in-the-middle is useless because once a client connects to the SSH server all other IP addresses are locked out from that port. I agree about congestion, but IIRC the TCP connection timeout defaults to 75s so since I'm tolerant to connections across two windows (i.e. two minutes) then I think I'm safe. John. Agreed. A hash could be a good CPRNG, but if I want to claim randomness I probably should use a cipher with an incrementing input. John. It's a way of deflecting a brute force attack on my SSH server. I think it makes things more, not less, secure, but I'm certainly open to comments. John. I only need sync. to the nearest minute. NTP does that fine for me. John. I share the concern about security through obscurity. But this isn't intended to be obscure (it's not like I change the port to 12222 and hope no one finds it). It's a technique like port knocking which relies on the algorithm being totally open but the underlying hash being unpredictable. All the security here comes from the passphrase + hashing combination which is designed to make the actual port difficult to determine. John I plan to open source it once I get it a little cleaned up :-) It's on my TODO list. John. The thing about Xobni is that as much as I like it (having been doing interesting things with email for a very long time) and I think they are right to focus on Outlook (since it sux0r), I can't help thinking that Xobni is a _feature_ and not a company. Perhaps the Xobni guys can talk about what makes them think that it's a stand alone company? Perhaps the answer is that they don't, perhaps they just hope Microsoft will buy them. John. I agree. This is one of the reasons that I use my real name and link to my site in my profile. I own my comments. Perhaps you could publish qwertyy's IP address. John. I don't want people to go out and lynch him, but this is not a case where anonymity is important. If that person is willing to post a question like this, they should at least be willing to be identified. John. web.py is on my list to consider. It's lightness and simplicity is really attractive. One thing that bothers me in a lot of frameworks is the object wrapping of the database. I can't see much justification for this, it just seems to be adding a layer of complexity on top of a very clearly designed model. How much easier is it to use an object abstraction when you could just do SQL directly? John. I realize that online anonymity is an important issue for many people, but I don't believe that it's a fundamental right. Forums like this one are public and I think that anonymity is a mistake because it allows trolling and a general falling away of normal behaviours that would be present if people were identified. Now, I'm not saying that people don't have a right to privacy. You'll note that I don't talk about private issues on my blog (such as my family) and I think those are irrelevant to my interaction in a forum like this. But I'm much happier when people identify themselves so that I can follow them over time. There are good arguments for being able to be anonymous on the net (for example in the case of human rights abuses in countries it may be useful to be able to transmit information anonymously; or if we implement voting on the net). I don't think those arguments apply in a public discussion forum like this. Of course, I'm probably an outlier on this, I'd expect a group of engineers to be fairly pro-anonymity. John. That's general good advice, and usually I try to match a project with a technology I want to learn and go code. It's the best way. In this case I'm trying to figure out do I learn python and use a python framework, learn ruby and use RoR, decide to use a PHP framework, just code the entire thing in Perl, ... John. It's interesting that you mention Django. Of all the frameworks it's the one I most liked as I was investigating for one major reason: the community around Django seemed welcoming and open to ideas. This was very much in contrast to the RoR community which seemed to have a "we know better than you" attitude. John. I agree so this person hides behind anonymity so that he can throw out an insult. He could have posed his question in a much less aggressive manner and have posted non-anonymously. And I don't agree that a post like that could really hurt your career. It's nonsense to think that being an asshole is going to ruin your career. There are plenty of total dicks out there (not saying that the original poster is one) who are successful. What matters is not that you are Web 2.0 and buddy-buddy with someone who's got a high profile blog, what matters is that you make a decent product. John. Despite the tone of your message you are the first person to actually give me a good reason not to sign my messages. Here and on Reddit people have objected to me signing my messages (which is odd because for _years_ I signed like that on /. without a peep) without any real justification. Your argument that I'm wasting vertical space makes a lot of sense, especially given the clean look of reddit/news.yc compared with /. From now on I'll stop signing. "tech strife" There's a distinction between me signing messages and me not being anonymous. My lack of anonymity is guaranteed by the user name I chose plus the fact that my profile links back to my personal web site. Signing messages was unrelated to anonymity, it's a years old habit that I started on Usenet and continued in online forums like this one. I don't claim that signing messages is part of the ideology I was talking about above. If I did I wouldn't have stopped. It amuses me that you choose to describe it as a 'personality defect' from behind an anonymous account here. If we were standing face to face would you describe me signing messages in that way? According to the web site if you want to do this you need to call Mr Salaou (72 29 98) or email him: salaou@intnet.ne. From the other information on the site I get the feeling that the answer is going to be 'no'. That seems like a silly decision to me. Unless you can be sure that your target market is Firefox/Safari then I think you could be cutting yourself off from a big customer base. Personally, I use Firefox on my Mac, but there are _lots_ of people out there that are still using IE, and will probably "still" be using IE for a long time because they are on Windows. Secondly, I was surprised to see that you _force_ people to use OpenID to authenticate with your web site. It's a pity there isn't a classic login/password solution since you force me to go get an OpenID (I don't have one yet), and since I'm a nerd you are delaying me using your site because I need to investigate this whole OpenID thing. 7 years of sitting on my Aeron has shown that it was a great investment. One nice way to do this on a Mac is to leave the Guest account available. Even though the user cannot get into your account because of your uber-strong password and FileVault encryption, they can go into the Guest account and surf the web (and activate your LoJack). What's the deal with the second chart showing the search term 'Classmates' vs a bunch of computer related terms. Surely nothing can be determined from that chart given that classmate means something to non-nerds. Time for a little 'Hotel California' It's almost a prerequisite to getting funding that you are smart enough to figure out how to get a referral into a VC firm. Better yet. Park the car and _walk_ down University Avenue. You reminded me of a great little book published a long time ago which is still very relevant: "The Ugly American"( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Ugly_American ). A recent really good read was Le Carre's "The Mission Song" Oh, no. I should never have read that, now I've got the damn Art Garfunkel theme song stuck in my head ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bright_Eyes_%28Art_Garfunkel_so... ). Curse be upon you :-) Don't 'target acquisition' what you should be targeting is making a profitable product. Make your customers happy, make money, then figure out the 'exit strategy'. When I worked for Accel I would have been very uncomfortable with an entrepreneur that presented an exit strategy. Yes, acquisition may be the end result, but don't make it your end goal. Start with the assumption that you can get lots of users. If you can then listen to those customers very, very carefully. You will discover some additional value that you can bring by adding specific features; charge extra for those features. It's OK to have lots of free users, it's also OK to say that you are not sure about the revenue, but I'd be on the lookout for an opportunity to charge a customer to extra value that your product is bringing. I used to sit through presentation after presentation every day and they all had revenue estimates. No one in the room believed those estimates, not the entrepreneur and certainly not the VC. It's important to have them because they indicate that you've tried to think about how you are going to make money. Also, no one manages to actually make those estimates either because there's always something that goes wrong, or better, or sideways. So, think about how you are going to make money, make a revenue plan (and an expense plan). Present the plan you have, but don't be ashamed if you don't make it. It's worth asking yourself about Twitter. Why would you fund Twitter? Well, you might look at the enormous traction they have, and if you think the team is smart then you'd say to yourself "Here's a team with lots of 'customers' and the smarts to figure out how to monetize them". I can summarize it like this: 1. I had no other choice. After years of working for people I just needed a break. 2. It's harder than it looks... my income is totally variable. 3. It's the best thing I ever did. I get to choose what I work on (to a certain extent). I'm actually thinking of going back full time, but that's only because a start up is enticing me with an interesting combination of good team, interesting problem, and stock. We'll see. John hired me as VP of Engineering at Scriptics and then he and I founded Electric Cloud together. I like the 7 point scale because there is a definite ambivalent option. In practice most people have a definite opinion and 4 is not often used. If you need Linux on your MBP then you can do as I do... Leopard is the main OS and I run Win2K and Ubuntu using VMWare. 1. Your constructor has its entire contents commented out. 2. You should remove the $i in the function multitask(). You don't need it because the foreach is storing $arrayofupto5tasks[$i] in $value. function multitask($arrayofupto5tasks){ //I can easily manage 3-5 small tasks $i = 0; foreach ($arrayofupto5tasks as $value){ $query->storeIntoDB($value); $execute->task($arrayofupto5tasks[$i]); $i++ } } 3. It's disappointing that your showDemo() function has a hard coded number 2 in it ($site = rand(0,2);) since you could get that from the array length. And also the header() bit has an extra ' in it. 4. Your learn() function returns false in one case and doesn't return anything in others. Me. I'm currently using FogBugz at a company where I'm consulting. We haven't been using it for long, but it's nice enough. (In the past I've used Jira, Trac, Bugzilla). Overall favorite is Trac. I already inaugurated Vent YC! http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=70475 fogbugz can do this. 1. I wondered if that might be the case. 2. I don't understand this explanation, is $value destroyed by the call to storeIntoDB? At the very least your $i++ needs a terminating ; You should probably mention the tool you are using for this: RRDTool. It's the same tool I use to track the number of items in my email inbox ( http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/06/measuring-my-inbox-depth.htm... ) which I publish on my web site. I've used RRDTool many other places, and it's immensely useful: http://oss.oetiker.ch/rrdtool/ The actual article can be found here: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/12/transitive-decay-in-social-n... I'm pretty happy using a bug database for this. We're using FogBugz which is capable of remembering tasks, who they are assigned to and when we expect them to be finished. This post makes the mistake of assuming that reddit and similar sites actually implement "wisdom of crowds". They don't. They don't because you get to see the 'most popular' answers and choose from those to vote on, if you really wanted WoC to work you'd need to present people random stories to vote on. (This is part of what I attempted to do in my http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/wildfire-has-launched.html ">Wildfire Facebook application). He also proposes Bayesian filtering as a suitable technique for presenting the recommended page. Despite that fact that I'm a Bayesian-head (see http://getpopfile.org/ ">POPFile for example) I don't think that's a total solution. You can do ML for news (it's an old idea, see the 20 newsgroups test set for example) and I have a private 'reddit' which I use as a feed reader that does ML. But I think if you want to solve the 'reddit problem' you actually need to give people the chance to control the 'crowd' that they are getting recommendations from. I'd like to see (actually, I am building) an application that's reddit-like, but uses a combination of ML and social aspects to get a better view of interesting stories. Some of this I wrote about http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/problems-with-social-news.ht... ">here . Stories like this make me want a Bury button. It's missing a favorite of mine from An Evening (Wasted) with Tom Lehrer: "I thought I would acquaint you with some of the results of my recent researches into the career of the late Doctor Samuel Gall (...) He soon became a specialist, specializing in diseases of the rich. He was therefore able to retire at an early age..." Is your next start up curing a disease of the rich? That sounds like a quote from The Secret. Magic toolbar rearrangement is a world of pain. That's like having my SO notice that I always look for my keys before I go out the door so she moves them to the table near the front door, when I habitually put them in the vide poche near by desk. +1 Insightful The Microsoft personal assistant example is just cracking me up. Firstly, Microsoft has been selling the whole 'automated assistant' thing to us for YEARS. Clippy is just one hideous example. Secondly, automated inbox processing has been around for _years_. My POPFile open source program is now over 5 years old and there are older examples than that (I was doing automated emailing sorting in the late 90s and others before me). So multi-core machines are what's holding this back? What a joke. Thirdly, it mentions features (looking at who I correspond with) that are already available (see Xobni and others). And automatic response systems are also around to deal with customer service. Sorry, for the rant put two pages of fluff about multi-core processors with some freak out speculation about email processing that's been available for a long time. How about talking about something interesting, like parallel aware languages (Occam, erlang, ...)? I think it's time for a refresher on Amdahl's Law. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amdahl's_law The non-parallel portion limits the available speedup. While we're generalizing women do seem to like to talk to each other and they seem to exchange all sorts of information and experiences that way. But have you ever noticed that they also look at each other when they are talking, I think women like to actually exchange a lot more through non-verbal cues. Perhaps that's not true of men. It's for just those sorts of situations (and a few other good reasons) that I use source code control on my local machine. This particular article is rather poorly written, but if its title has a ? appended it makes a fun discussion topic. My take is that Digg's downfall (if it happens :-) was sealed long ago by Kevin Rose's personality. One only has to watch Diggnation with their stupid drinking antics and Beavis and Butthead humor to know that the audience Digg was courting was pretty low brow. Then, suddenly, Digg tried to extend outside tech news and be a general purpose new site. Big mistake since low brow doesn't mix with Science, World News, etc. The only positive thing I can say for Digg is that at least the comments there aren't as bad as on YouTube. Or maybe I'm just bitter because I got banned from Digg and publicly branded a 'spammer' by a Digg employee. Nice idea, but a pity that they couldn't just buy an intelligent power switch that was IP addressable. That's how I manage the worst case scenario for my servers. I've been lucky enough to get to know Paul a little. He invited me to take part in the first MIT Spam Conference in 2003 and I've seen him on and off since then. I don't think hero worship is appropriate, but I think Paul should be celebrated for a few things: sunny personality, good writing, openness, curiosity. There are a lot of people in the computer industry with difficult personalities, who can't communicate in writing, who are fixated on a particular technology. Paul isn't like that. Those things make him worth looking up to. I sincerely doubt this is going to kill LinkedIn. I've actually stopped using Facebook because the signal/noise was all noise. LinkedIn is far more professional and just being able to group my Facebook friends isn't going to do much unless I can make Facebook show different profiles to different groups of people. But, you know, why bother? LinkedIn works great for professional contacts, can't see any reason to try to embed LinkedIn inside Facebook. I've used this guy for logo/icon stuff: http://www.iconiza.com/ Don't be put off by the fact that he lives in Ecuador; check out his portfolio. He's inexpensive and responsive. Tk has bindings to other languages as well, you don't have to use Tcl: http://wiki.tcl.tk/17264 1. How do you compare with all the other book swapping sites out there? 2. You financials seem to indicate that by 2010 you'll have revenue of $70k is that correct? 3. Why would I pay to swap a book? It seems to me that in swapping a book I'm already giving something and getting something of 'equal' value; what makes you think people will pay for this service? Since I partly learnt programming at college and was taught about CSP and Occam, erlang's lightweight processes and inter-process communication model are very appealing. And it's interesting to see a number of projects get written in it, and since even Facebook is using it... :-) This particular article references Tim Bray's attempts to use erlang for web log processing. He found erlang to be very slow because of the I/O implementation, and criticized it for its regular expression handling. This seems like a silly test since surely you'd use Perl and friends for something like that. Personally, I'm interested in building something with erlang just to get my feet wet with the language. And I'd be interested to hear about the experiences of others with erlang in real projects. The problem with a web server is that I'm not sure there's much interesting inter-process communication which I think is where erlang would really shine. Sure you can spawn a lightweight process for each incoming connection, but after that? Has it really been 14 years? Boy, time flies. Any thought on adding screenshots of pages I've recently saved. If often find I can recognize pages quickly that way. Thanks for that write up. I'm waiting for my XO to arrive (should be within a week or so), and I'm going to be handing it to my 4 year old daughter to see how she gets along with it. She'd very much like a computer of her own and I'm hoping that she'll be able to figure out Draw and TamTam and Memorize. Anyone else here got experience with XO and a small child? Very nice article, but what is this? > Running things in the background X dubbed backgrounding X is > an important part of production ready web applications. It's > a relatively new concept, since web applications used to be > less complex. That made me smile. Nice. What are you using for screen shots? Because Paul Graham woke up this morning and said, "news.yc is 50% faster. And Paul looked upon the site and saw that it was Good" I'm still in my 20s: 0x28 this year. I did look at Comet when it was mentioned here a while ago and my general reaction was that it was total overkill for most applications. It's worth remembering that the so called 'Push Technology' of the 1990s (such as PointCast) was doing a straight HTTP GET at regular intervals, the only push was that the user didn't push a button for an update. Now in the noughties we're doing similar stuff in the background with XHR polling from timers. If what you really want to do is _real time_ pushing of data to the client then you need to come up with a really compelling situation in which that's needed. The current Comet proposal seems as you say somewhere on your blog "a big hack". What it really needs is simplicity. Tell me how this is better than polling using XHR. In fact, if you want to excite me then give me a chunk of Javascript that as the following methods: stream_to_me( url, callback ) I call this, it returns to me immediately. It handles a background connection to url and streams data off it using standard HTTP (perhaps it's holding a connection open, perhaps it's polling, user shouldn't care and should be transparent to the remote web server). When it's got a complete chunk of data (perhaps it's a complete piece of XML) it calls callback with the chunk. That would be compelling to me because I could just include that little library and then get async. callbacks with data coming 'live' from my server. > To me, it's basic politeness. Providing internet access to > guests is kind of like providing heat and electricity, or a > hot cup of tea. OK, but that doesn't imply that it has to be open. If I have guests I provide them all those things, and free WiFi. But my WiFi is protected... my guests just get told the WPA2 password and they are in. I also let guests use my Mac using the Guest account. I don't leave my Mac outside my front door for just anyone to use. > I can count five open wireless networks in coffee shops > within a mile of my house, and any potential spammer is > far more likely to sit in a warm room with a cup of coffee > and a scone than in a cold car outside my house. That seems like a stupid argument. The coffee shop is more likely to notice that their bandwidth is being consumed and track down their customer than J Random Homeowner. Not often we hear about CSP here. I did my doctorate in it (Hoare was the head of department at the time). Are you using CSP for something real? http://buyersguide.macrumors.com/#MacBook_Pro Dude died at a power of 2 which is also the number of squares on a chess board. Poetic. Yes, and of course you should really generalize that so that the number of squares on a board with nxn single squares is sum(i=1..n) i*i Clearly the MBA is not a good development machine, you want as much screen as possible for that. I have a MBP 17" with the HD screen as my primary machine. I am very happy with it (and I've been through a lot of laptops starting way back with DOS based laptops, through all the Windows variants and with a Linux detour). MBP + VMWare is a perfect combination for me. Dual cores are really nice (have recently been doing some stuff on forgery detection in images, which I'll open source soon, and I can tie up an entire core doing image processing and not notice the difference). Proof? The 1981 Loi Lang (Lang Law) fixed this with the objective of protecting local independent book stores from competition. The law enshrines the French idea that local, independent book stores are an important part of French cultural life and therefore should be protected. A secondary reason was the protection of small publishing houses (of which France has _a lot_). I hope that Amazon wins this because they provide a much wider range of books than any local book store, and they don't have surly service (and that's not a stereotype... I live in France :-). Also Amazon should be able to support the small book publisher through the classic 'long tail' of books. If you live in France, please consider signing Amazon's petition: http://www.amazon.fr/gp/feature.html/?docId=1000129903#Petit... One advantage of paper prototypes is that anyone can draw them. There's no need to learn a tool. Currently, I'm working with a large web site where we are redoing a section of the site (which is a sequence of pages taking you through a financial application process) and paper prototypes have been a good starting point for us. We also have a paper workflow between the numbered pages to illustrate the flow of pages (since it's not strictly linear). The VP of Marketing has a rough time using any new tool that's not trivial (e.g. as easy as Apple Mail) and so making him learn a new tool would not be helpful to our process. However, he can sketch his thoughts nicely. For nicer presentation we are simply using PowerPoint. Everyone has got it and we can take screen shots of existing pages and overlay them with simple drawings using the PPT drawing tools. This has been enough to work through the new design. But thanks for the pointer to ConceptDraw, looks like Visio replacement I've been searching for now that I use a Mac. Turns out that drawing a picture really helps: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=101532 One thing I notice living here in France is that many business people seem to not actually want to do business. Opening hours (with random closing) are just the start. There are many businesses for whom the customer appears to be a nuisance. In fact, businesses that work stand out like a sore thumb (for example, I've had nothing but great experiences with Darty and their after sales service). My guess is that there are not more such businesses because French people (in general) don't actually expect good service, and hence they don't get it. The one thing that makes US businesses actually work IMHO is that Americans are willing to complain about bad service. In France, people will grumble, or they'll complain and the businessperson will insult them back. It's all rather baffling. I started a company ( http://www.electric-cloud.com/ ) right after the dotcom crash. I partly did this because I knew that going out and finding a job would be hard, partly because I also knew that it was going to take a while to get the product right, and partly because I really wanted to. Once we got funded we had job security for a few years, and we could weather the dotcom storm while creating cool software. So if you look just at the build acceleration part of Electric Cloud then you are correct in thinking that the low hanging fruit is around large projects that use compiled code. But the definition of 'large' turns out to be important. You've mentioned a single large project (OpenOffice), but we see a lot of large projects that actually consist of tens or hundreds of small variants (the canonical example is a cell phone company that compiles variants of the the same code for different target hardware). This adds up to a lot of time (although each individual build may be relatively short). On the web application side we do have customers because quite a lot of them are actually writing in languages like C++, C# and Java. Build acceleration is helpful there. For companies that are doing something like PHP then our build management tools (Electric Commander) are more appropriate since they are used to coordinate deployment of a large site. It is a weird list, but I'd never heard of SnapDragon and he barely seems to be mentioned on Wikipedia. It also appears that they got his name wrong (it's Kisman not Kinsman). Anyone tell me where I can read more? Agree. And that's partly why I blog: http://www.jgc.org/blog/ Using that I should be able to recover your secret key trivially. I submit an image to the site, since I can work out MD5(image) I can just XOR with the hash you've assigned and get the secret key. It's on my list of things to play around with. My pal Jonathan Zdziarski has written a book about iPhone development that O'Reilly will publish soon. Should be a good read. No, he's doing it based on the open source (i.e. hacked) iPhone. He was involved in the 'jail break' stuff. One thing that's become clear (at least in my experience with Bayesian filtering) is that less is more. You can actually waste a lot of time trying to reverse spammer trickery like misspelling. Dumb beats out smart very often. In POPFile we do an enormous amount of work to detect spammer trickery and a couple of years back I did an analysis (published at Virus Bulletin) of the effectiveness of this extra work. Quick summary of the highlights: 1. Looking at words in the headers was more important than the body 2. Of those the Subject line is the most important (most important words were free, what, only, huge, judge, visa and soft) 3. Most useful metadata was image height and width, font color and size, Euclidean distance between foreground and background color (bucketized), and the background color itself. 4. The only trick worth spending the time on was Invisible Ink (same background and foreground color). Camouflage was close to Invisible Ink. 5. The charset is interesting In my commercial spam filter I do as little intelligent work as possible. Everything else is done by the Bayesian magic. Here's a very minor hack. One time I was going to the movies at Shoreline (Mountain View) and I wanted to go and see "Spy Game". Unfortunately, it was sold out. But I have really good eye sight and I could see from the door which movies were playing on the same side of the theater as Spy Game. There's one control point on each side of the theater and so I bought a ticket for a less wanted movie on the same side as Spy Game. Showed my ticket to the guy who let me through. Then I simply walked into Spy Game and found a really crappy seat near the back (all that was left). Good movie, though. I travel very frequently by plane and almost always in economy. At one particular airport that I regularly fly through there's always a really long line for security, except for business and first class passengers. Happily, my airline offers online checkin and the print out is a PDF file. So I download the PDF file and print out my genuine boarding pass and put it in my bag, then I doctor the boarding pass in Acrobat so that it says Business instead of Economy and I change my seat assignment from something like 125H to 2D to make it look legit. Obviously, my name, flight, date, etc. are all genuine. I agree and I've been on advisory boards where we were neither board members, nor investors. Essentially I've been given small amounts of company stock just for my PR value + occasionally helping the company out. In the one case where I really help a company out I was a paid consultant and not an 'advisor'. Yes. And I find it very odd that he points to the Viaweb transition from Lisp to C++/Perl as an example of going from an unreadable/unmaintainable language to a readable/maintainable one? I've programmed a lot in C++/Perl and those languages require very, very careful programmers to prevent them from becoming unreadable. Also when he says "There are probably two ways to write Lisp code: with all the expressive constructs (in which case it's unmaintainable) and without (in which case you may as well use Java)." I think you can replace Lisp with Perl or C++ there and come to the same conclusion. Java's verbosity is one of its great weaknesses IMHO. Just the shear reams of code that I have to wade through to discover that we've done something very simple. Another problem with auto_increment occurs when the user id comes from an auto_increment field. By signing up as a new user once a week and observing your own user id you can measure the rate of growth of a competitor. I work for me, but I do have a little company: http://www.extravalent.com/ which is really just me. Using this technique I've found out some interesting things about Digg: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=106063 > I'm not about to give them up Why not? Would it be detrimental to you to tell us? Last year I did a lot of work under contract to build a machine learning based data web site where users would vote on people and the ML part would build up a model of what they were looking for. Unfortunatly, the site has not yet released because of trouble finding a good Javascript person to work on bits of the UI. Wow. It's 1965 all over again. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bell_Rocket_Belt Sounds a bit like http://l8tr.org , except l8tr doesn't make you register and will email later when a dead link (e.g. slashdotted) comes back on line. (for i 1 500 (prn "I will not throw paper airplanes in class.")) Although, I assume the kid forgot the \n in his printf. Um. Because writing to stdout will serialize the processes? pr = print prn = print followed by newline You are correct. I need to go back and reread the tutorial. A very enjoyable debugging story. Thanks, and it ended with a patch that makes the current Arc implementation more cross-platform. Now we just need to make (date) cross-platform. Since Scheme provides seconds->date which will do the same as the call to GNU date in arc.arc, this looks pretty easy. That seems fair enough, if I was doing Arc then I'd want to define as much as I could in Arc so that porting it would be easy (and also to prove the expressiveness of the 'simpler' parts of the language). In this case you need access to date information and currently that's done by assuming that it's ok to (system) to GNU date. That's a big assumption. I think it would be fairly easy to wrap up the Scheme code into an Arc native definition. For example, Arc defined seconds to be the current Unix epoch (which is does via Scheme's current-seconds). It would be pretty easy to do the same thing for month, day, year and make them primitive and then write date on top of them entirely in Arc. Nice service. Back in 2002 we were doing something like this when I was consulting at Flytecomm. We would suck up people's trip confirmations and parse them (just a whole bunch of regexps in Perl) and spit out detailed information about the trip. Since we had real time flight information (since we had an FAA feed) we could match the reservation to flight legs and do cool stuff like realize your flight is going to be late arriving and that you are missing your connection; then we'd look up alternate flights and send you an SMS message with details. Happy days. BA in Mathematics and Computation and then a DPhil in Computer Security. Oxford University. Going swimming. Sitting on Place St. Georges people watching. I don't understand why CSS or HTML are being mentioned during the design of Arc. These seem like library issues and your announcement of Arc was spoiled IMHO by the "rant" about HTML and tables. This is only made worse by the Arc Challenge which seems to be more about the design of libraries for HTML/HTTP etc. than the language. What am I missing? Fair enough, and after all: "Real programmers ship" I'd like to ask nicely too. I'm not in the US, can't vote in the US, and whilst the outcome of the US election is of interest to me... it's not until November. Please keep this stuff off Hacker News. What's your start-up and how much are you looking for? Yes. Once a week we sit down and watch the latest two episodes of 24 on Canal+. The best part of that article is the bit where he feels obliged to write another article apologizing to the Ruby community for offending them: he never once mentioned Ruby in the original article! Talk about sensitive. I'm blown away by your comment. I felt like the entire thing made the writer seem vacuous (or perhaps it's the medium and not the author that's the problem). The ratio of bad guy to good guy deaths: (0 0.015 0.39 0.92). So looks like Rambo reflects the sense of fear that the bad guys are winning/catching up. Not sure how to explain the big jump between 1985 and 1988 (Chernobyl, Challenger, Lockerbie, Iran-Contra?) CET which is UTC+1 I'm sure there are plenty but most are still in bed. Let me get this straight... it replaces PDF files with Flash. And that's good because..? I agree. Based on this posting I went to look at the site and it's clear that this is not ready to be public. It needs a private beta with some really critical thinking going on. Also, the main page has an it's/its mistake on it which makes it look unready. It's not surprising that the benefit didn't pop out. If they can send it to you in email it means they are storing it as plain text. That means that if their database gets breached all the passwords are exposed. They should be storing a salted hash of the password. Also, I don't agree that everyone uses the same password over and over. They are nice bookmarklets that can generate per-site passwords. I actually generate a new password for every site in my head. I agree. "How to win friends..." is great, but "7 habits..."| sucks. What places is a book inconvenient? Fundamentally, this sort of spam is about getting links to their sites (first for direct traffic and second for PageRank). So, you should attack the links and not the accounts: 0. Check your URLs against blog spam blacklists. Exclude recently registered domains (all of the ones mentioned are less than one month old). 1. Links on stories that have been become popular should be real hyperlinks. 2. Links on unpopular stories should go through a news.yc redirector (since this means they don't get PageRank) 3. Stories that go nowhere (likely spam) have their links removed and a text version of the link placed next to the story name for anyone who really wants to follow that link. 4. A 'spam' button could be handy. I mean, it's in your best interest to push the funded companies into success by suggesting new/complementary features. That assumes that pg (or any other person funding a company) is an oracle of what will make the company successful. The reality is that pg et al. are going to succeed by being good judges of founder character. Once they have the right founders, the founders themselves will figure out what it best to make their business suceed and pg wealthier. I disagree. I was working on some Ajax stuff and I really needed a spinner. This is useful. If you read through to the WebSense posting it appears that the bot 'outsources' the CAPTCHA images to humans (who speak Russian). I can always go there, but I was hoping to get a personal recommendation from someone on this site. We are using prototype and scriptaculous currently. We don't have any religion about a particular library (except, perhaps, YUI which is heavyweight). What sort of classification are you trying to do? Text, I assume. If it's text and you need something open source, or just a pointer to how to write one yourself, you could read the article I wrote for Dr Dobbs on this subject: http://www.ddj.com/development-tools/184406064 There are quite a lot of toolkits out there that do Bayesian things (take a look at libbow or Weka). Sounds to me that you are describing Laplace Smoothing in a Naive Bayes classifier. This is a pretty standard technique for avoiding the problem that you are seeing where the probability comes out as 100%/0% because of a lack of information in the model. This project uses two really nice bits of kit: 1. Arduino (which is a cheap, open source design, microcontroller board) 2. XPort (a system-on-a-chip ethernet connector which contains a web server and a serial interface inside an ethernet socket). Another vote for FogBugz. I'm using it at one of my clients where there was resistance to doing anything other than keeping a list of TODOs on a bit of paper on someone's desk. FogBugz is _very_ easy to use for almost everyone and it has replaced the bit of paper, and (surprise, surprise) the team has suddenly discovered that they have better visibility into what they are doing. I tend to agree, but there are some gestures on the MBP that are really handy: 1. Two finger tap: since there's no 'right click' (which is CTRL-click on a Mac) the two finger tap means I don't remove my fingers from the pad to get a context menu. 2. Two fingers to scroll. Very handy on web pages and it works up/down and left/right. This has been extremely obvious to anyone working on DIY drones. This was discussed last year on the DIY Drones web site: http://diydrones.com/profiles/blog/show?id=705844:BlogPost:2... Neat. That's the first 'real' use of seen of the code that I posted a while back. Very cool. http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/02/tonight-im-going-to-write-my... I'm always mystified when Steve Pavlina posts get voted up onto the front page. He does a great job of self-promotion, but I have a hard time reading his stuff because he goes on and on, and he has that whole 11:11 thing on his web page. If you are not familiar with 11:11 then read Uri Geller's web site: http://www.uri-geller.com/articles/11.htm Benford's Law would tell us to expect to see numbers beginning with 1 a lot and hence it's no surprise that the number 11 seems to turn up a lot. Ooh. Cue the spooky music. That's just another example of my law: "To idiots, any sufficiently simple explanation is indistinguishable from magic" At Electric Cloud we use SalesForce.com. It works. I dabble a little in hardware hacking. I just had fun interfacing a simple temperature sensor to my little one's OLPC. Will blog that shortly. Now I'm playing around with Arduino and want to hook it up using an XPort. Look at Arduino. The entire design and software is open source. You can buy or make. Of course, collaborative filtering applies to blogs too, but I wanted to hear people's opinions of different blogs. After all, I come here for the people not the algorithm. True enough, but I'm sure we'll still see interesting applications that don't need to break these restrictions. Agreed, I feel the same way about my MBP. Basically, I've used all sorts of things for years (going back to CP/M machines, via DOS and every flavor of Windows, SuSE, Fedora, Ubuntu, ... ) and the Mac is the right combination: 1. Stuff that I need to get done just works (e.g. sync my Bluetooth phone to address book, hook up to wireless networks, do backups) 2. Aesthetically pleasing. Don't discount this when it comes to hackers... we like elegant code and machines. 3. Unix underneath... no loss of power. Page layout using DIVs... of course, you could always use TABLEs :-) Because they can get away with it. This sort of thing makes me want to have public voting information on the site and the ability to remove votes by certain people from my own news.yc front page. I both love and hate Go. It's daunting realizing that I'll never come close to mastering it. Well, HN is written in Arc which has a REPL and so the editors can do whatever they want! What's your mother tongue? I think a lot of hackers are interested in spoken and written language and like to play around with words and puns, etc. It sounds like you don't want to be a VC, you want to be an angel. I'd suggest you look at an angel network in your location and go talk to them about what you are thinking of doing. No, that's silly. If you don't want HN to suck then do two things: vote up good stories on the New page, vote down stupid comments. Great article. This is 100% how I feel about France and why I plan to leave it. Lots of people 'route around' the French legal system (especially concerning tax and social charges) because it's onerous. This is a classic example of what happens when you introduce a really complex burdening system... people figure out now to ignore it. The US is itself a huge market with relatively uniformity (you mention the address information as one example, the currency is another). I don't see anything wrong with a US company deciding that US customers are reasonable target. Yes, they are missing out on business, but they are also missing out on hassles with deal with the RotW. So my take is that for many US companies the answer is "Why bother? We have a big market here". Very interesting. I actually built something like this myself (I was going to call it satchl) and I eventually stopped after looking long and hard at the online storage market and deciding that it wasn't worth the effort. What convinced dropbox that they could do better? What I wanted to do with satchl was provided the ability to drag and drop files onto a drive/mount point which would also appear as a web page (a 'desktop' if you like). There would be a couple of versions of the desktop available: a public one and a private one with a single password for making changes. I was targetting a family that needs to share files across the world, or a small company. I had fun writing all the Ajax stuff for the virtual desktop... Nice use of the AACS key in your screen cast :-) Yes, use the official SDK. The problem with the "Open Tool Chain" is that there's no guarantee of backward compatibility and hence you'll always be at risk that Apple breaks your application. If I was doing an app. for business reasons I'd go with the official SDK. Sure, you appear to have lost a few things (perhaps the most significant is that ability to run in the background). I suspect that the biggest benefit of the Open Tool Chain is that it will provide a way for Apple to see what people want in the real SDK and they can cherry pick official additions as necessary. The essentially did that with the entire SDK idea in the first place. I figured that the key to this was ease of use, and by that I mean really, really easy to use. I didn't think that I'd be able to get it to be so easy to use that my mother could use it. It's a little bit like http://l8tr.org/ Perhaps not having a deadline of April 1 is a good idea... wouldn't want people to think it's a joke. I don't have any friends :-( Actually, the few friends who email me get stocked in Misc. What's your Mac software? How long is your internship? I think getting experience in a company is valuable, but if your software is good you might as well run with that and get experience from having to face problems as your company grows. If it's growing you'll be able to get others to impart their wisdom without being a wage slave for many years. I agree on the supplementary link think. I'd much prefer to be able to get the original document. Nice math hack. The 11 and 7 ones were new to me. Here's some more fun: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/02/sum-of-first-n-odd-numbers-i... I just Google it. You could just submit the HTML version: http://www.cs.utexas.edu/~EWD/transcriptions/EWD03xx/EWD340.... To be honest news.yc doesn't need a report spam button, a few editors in different timezones and the problem would be beaten. Perhaps this is heresy, but I think TBL is overrated. What made the initial web work was simplicity and loose coupling. A lot of what the W3C has done since then seems to be adding layers of complexity where simplicity is best. And the Semantic Web has been talked about _forever_. The money quote in this article, at least for me, is: "The challenge, experts say, is in finding a way to represent all data so that when it is connected to the web, links to other relevant information can be recognised and established." Uh huh. I won't be holding my breath. Why? I'm talking about measuring the effectiveness of a different web pages on a site to see which leads to a better conversion rate. Actually, what I'd like to see is web-wide tagging and then let the tags evolve. For example, I'd like to be able to wrap anything in a web page with 212 555 1963 Any thoughts on when you'll be available for non-US jobs? I'm currently working at a start-up in Germany and would love to be able to use the service to find people here. What we've been doing is the following: Source code management system (we use SVN) with two branches: development and production. Anything goes on development and we use the ElectricCommander system to do automatic build and test off of the development branch. Code that's being released to production is manually merged to the production branch and ElectricCommander runs build and test. To deploy we have a staging server that takes the output from the build system and we can use it for final testing if we want to do something manual (mostly we don't). Then the build system is instructed to deploy the code (which in our case is rsync over ssh to our servers). The servers will pick up the new code by cycling virtual machines (basically all our servers are virtual and when the VM starts it picks up the latest code). Of course, you could just hire one who didn't get caught. I know my employer did, but he doesn't :-) For Europeans the same time 3/14 1:59.26 is 14/3 1:59.26. Expression as two numbers we have 3.1415926 1.4315926 The different between those two numbers is the cube root of 5. Did you look at Jungle Disk? I wrote a 'similar' thing called l8tr ( http://l8tr.org ) that mails you when a down web site comes back. I hate the regurgitation thing. The entire commenting on other people's comments about other people's original work is just such a massive circle jerk. When decided to write my blog I made two rules (which I rarely break): no linking to other blogs just to stroke my ego with an opinion post, no personal experience posts (i.e. today I went to the Taj Mahal and...) Me. The worst designed telephone: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/02/worst-designed-telephone-in-... Why is this a trade off? OK, if you have to choose then for me it's a foreign language over a programming language. One of the most satisfying things I've done is to learn French to the point where I'm fluent. Being able to communicate with other human beings is very satisfying... and although I think RoR rules it's just not as satisfying communicating with an API. I've detailed how I manage this here: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/03/first-assume-all-new-email-i... But the main problem with the POPFile sorting approach is training. Any automated solution needs to be seamless. People who use POPFile with GMail get automagic training just by moving between IMAP folders/changing labels on messages. I think a plug-in that did automatic email sorting based on some machine learning approach plus some heuristics that was built into Outlook would be compelling. http://www.google.fr/trends?q=ruby%2C+perl%2C+python Still available from BN.com: http://search.barnesandnoble.com/iPhone-Open-Application-Dev... Don't do that. If the community wants everything from a particular site submitted then let's ask PG to scrape their RSS feed. I'm sometimes tempted to post everything from my blog, but I look at things and decide whether I think the community here will be interested: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=150865 1. You have to decide whether this is something you need to protect for financial reasons. If so, patent, copyright, trademark or whatever before you tell people. 2. If it's not, then just publish the darn thing. #3 is a prime example of why tables are good for layout. I would get a patent on it. Are you sure it was news.yc? I was seeing slowness across different parts of the net at the same time... perhaps it's just a coincidence. Great memorabilia. I have a collection of autographed books (mostly from authors who spoke at Kepler's) including: TAOCP, Generation X, The Cuckoo's Egg, American Psycho, Hackers and Painters... The most instructive thing about this story is to understand how Ariba made money and its CFO rich. Ariba was in the B2B business, specifically doing something very boring: automating procurement inside large companies replacing paper procedures with computer systems. One good way to make a fortune is by solving the mundane problems of the wealthy (by they people or companies). These are very good tips. I've flown _a lot_ (so much that I have my frequent flyer status for life on at least one airline) and I think that being pleasant, having phone numbers to hand, knowing schedules, hand luggage only and taking action when things go wrong are all really important. Also, I prefer to check in online and print my boarding pass (that also gives you the opportunity to hack the boarding pass and go through the first class security line). OK. I was at a start-up that failed called "Optimal Networks". Optimal was sold for pennies on the dollar to CompuWare (who, to this day, continues to sell the Optimal product line and make a bunch of money from it). There are many reasons Optimal failed (a dysfunctional founding team, changing the CEO three times, impatient VCs watching the .com boom pass Optimal by). But the most important lesson I learnt was: start your own damn company. It's much more fun to be a founder than one of the first employees. I've talked about this before: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=104969 I'm working on a small project related to baby naming which is a toy to get me familiar with RoR and experiment with building a registrationless user experience. It's just an evening project and should be online later this week on Heroku. The most striking thing is not the no flips, no folds... there's no screen. I disagree. An oar is a first degree/class lever because the rowlock is not at the end of the oar, but somewhere between my hand and the blade. But perhaps we learnt different definitions of first/second class levers. http://www.paulgraham.com/mac.html I think jwz's "How will this software get me laid?" question applies (albeit to hardware): http://www.jwz.org/doc/groupware.html So, for $1,000 to $2,000 I get a really cool computer and an increased chance of getting laid. I'd like to see Dell fight that value proposition. The solution to your will power problem is that Apple should start just selling subscriptions. You sign up for an iBuy subscription and send in $300 a month. Apple randomly sends you cool stuff. I'm pretty glad to have the second core hanging around in my MBP. It didn't cost me much to have, but when I was working on this project: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/02/tonight-im-going-to-write-my... I was able to continue all my normal tasks while one core did all the processing work. What a pity. I had been assuming for a while that nickb was a code for 'nickname b' (where pg was 'nickname a'). Interesting implementation. I tried to build a social code site ( http://www.usethesource.com/ ) but it didn't really take off. > While ranting; what the f*ck do you need $4M for? According to the article the company has 12 employees. Assuming a fully loaded cost of $100,000 per employee (I expect most are coders). Then $4m covers 3.3 years of salaries. So they give themselves about 3 years of runway to actually make the site make money. That's what you do with $4m. > The whole iPaper thing is cute. > But how do you build a working business model around it? That's what $4m gives you 3 years to figure out. Also, I think iPaper is a bit more than 'cute'. I have a lot of different document types that I need to make public (e.g. PDFs, PPTs,Keynote, Excel, Numbers). Since Scribd can just take these and turn them into a common format for me it makes sense for me (when I get around to it) to convert everything to iPaper so that everyone can read them. Three people: 1. My daughter. She's not yet 5. She's inspirational because watching a small child come to grips with the world and discover it makes you look again at things you take for granted and see them as new again. For example, I showed her the pendulum of a clock and how it swings back and forth based on its length (not the size of the weight or the angle it starts at). The length of a pendulum counting seconds is where we get the length one metre from. So time and space come together in such a simple thing. Also you can use a pendulum to show the rotation of the earth. So many simple and beautiful things to discover. Also, the original measurement of the metre was done by Mersenne of primes fame. BTW, did you ever notice how children count things by pointing at them one by one and saying the number? That sort of counting let's you can go straight to Cantor's pairing function that the number of rationals is the same as the number of naturals. It's child's play. (OK, better stop of I'm going to turn into James Burke: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Connections_ (TV_series)) 2. My A level Advanced Maths teacher who told me that there was "a Group, Ring or Field lurking in every corner". He showed me the beauty of logic and studying systems specified by a few axioms. 3. When I was about 6 years old my parents took me to Cambridge for a couple of days organized by the National Association for Gifted Children ( http://www.nagcbritain.org.uk/ ) where I remember clearly a man (no doubt a Cambridge don) explaining to me the theoretical operation of a computer. It was only years later that I realized that he had explained the operation of a Turing Machine. I was utterly fascinated. Have you run a technology start-up to the point where it's profitable? My experience is that it takes a lot longer than anyone thinks. And a round number in base 10 at that. Now when gold falls through an interesting binary number feel free to post. Keynote? Keynote is Apple's presentation software (similar to PowerPoint) So you don't count iPaper as technology? Ah. The beauty of logarithms. http://www.google.com/trends?q=eggs%2C+roses%2C+tree%2C+turk... If you just look at the turkey trend you can see the difference between Thanksgiving (in the US) and Christmas (in the UK) http://google.com/trends?q=turkey&geo=usa&sa=N http://google.com/trends?q=turkey&geo=gbr&sa=N But notice that Turkey is popular in the summer in the UK too. Could that be sun seeking holiday makers? Another fun one is the Hajj (Muslim pilgrimage to Mecca) http://google.com/trends?q=hajj&ctab=0&geo=all&d... If you look carefully you can see the date slowly changing year on year because the Hajj is determined by a lunar calendar. Maybe not, but may I introduce you the the 'Reply' button with which you may reply to your child's post ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=153520 ) thus created 'threaded' conversations which are easier for us to follow. BTW How old are you? There are some old farts here and middle farts like me. > Pi is infinite and non-repeating, so there must be a > sequence in there somewhere which corresponds to any binary > sequence you care to name Sort of wrong. The question you need to ask is "Is pi a normal number?". We know that pi is irrational (i.e. can't be expressed as a fraction) and that is is transcendental (isn't the root of a polynomial with rational multipliers) but we don't know if all sequence of digits occur in the expansion of pi. In fact we don't even know if 0 through 9 with the same frequency in the infinite expansion. That last part is important because it could be that at some point in the expansion one of the digits doesn't occur as often which will make finding your blocks impossible. Happily, we do have digit extraction algorithms that would allow you to jump to any point within the expansion without having to start from the 3, but what you are proposing would require a very large amount of time to find the appropriate offsets. Also, if you try the pi searcher ( http://www.angio.net/pi/bigpi.cgi ) you'll see how hard it is find even short sequences (e.g. I can't find any of my phone numbers in the first 20 million digits) What might be more fun to try is for any given sequence of numbers (a file) create an appropriate formula that when repeated (like a random number generator) outputs the file you want. Then you just publish the formula and initial values. I don't understand the claim that a USB wireless Internet dongle is going through this satellite. Those dongles use 3G technology and hence connect to the 3G cell phone network (if they were transmitting straight to this satellite then I should be able to get coverage everywhere... which I don't). Now the 3G network might decide to use a satellite (although it's more likely connected to the wired PSTN), but I think the article is confusing normal 3G connections you'd get from your provider with Broadband Global Area Network services from Inmarsat which does not come as a small dongle. http://www.inmarsat.com/Services/Land/BGAN/default.aspx When I read his comment it reminded me of this: http://www.spinaltapfan.com/articles/tapdef.html And the classic last line: Though neither a critics' nor a public favorite, Spinal Tap continues to fill a much needed void. This would be neat if it was complete, but it's far from being usable. I think he misses the important benefit of being more marketable as a programmer. I have a major problem when I interview people and they are totally focussed on one language (e.g. Java). It's not the language that ends up worrying me, it's the lack of curiosity. For that reason I often ask people in interviews to tell me about the computer they have at home: what OS does it run and why? And I ask them what they hack in their spare time. That tends to be very revealing. Depends whether you are optimizing for the widest possible number of jobs, or the highest salary/coolest job. http://www.research.att.com/~volinsky/netflix/ProgressPrize2... That paper describes what they are doing. Sing along with Jerry Yang (apologies to Amy Winehouse): They tried to make me go to Redmond I said no, no, no. Yes it's been bad, the stock'll come back We'll grow, grow, grow We ain’t got a clue But Mr Ballmer thinks we do He's tried to make me go to Redmond I won't go, go, go. I’d rather be at home by the Bay But can't just sit here an' pray Cos there’s nothing, nothing they can teach me That I can't learn from Dr Eric Schmidt 41 B's not enough But we're worth more than that small stuff They’re tryin to make me go to Redmond I said no, no, no Yes it's been bad, the stock'll come back We'll grow, grow, grow We ain’t got a clue But Mr Ballmer thinks we do He's tried to make me go to Redmond I won't go, go, go. It's surprising to me that this is getting voted up because data on common English words is easily available on the web and well known to anyone who's done basic crypto. stuff. http://esl.about.com/library/vocabulary/bl1000_list1.htm Design patterns?!? Give me a break. A rock star doesn't do design patterns. They use that book as a monitor stand. Knows basic computer science?!? WTF. You don't need to memorize Knuth, but knowing more than basic computer science is pretty important. Movements require charismatic leaders. You can duplicate the $$$, you can duplicate the choice of companies, but can you lead them? To quote the article: "He says the psychologists wrongly assumed that the monkey began by valuing all three colors equally." So, basically psychologists are dumb; why assume that monkeys have no color preference? Even if you don't think they've got any intelligence, you could probably assume that they have some knowledge of colors associated with looking for food. 1. There's something very wrong with the English/German translation. It's frequently not finding the German equivalent and just printing the English word. e.g. It claims that the German translation of Cook is Cook. 2. When presenting a word like Cook you really need to distinguish between nouns and verbs. There's a big difference between der Koch and kochen. 3. You don't present the gender of any of the words. This is very important if you are to learn almost any language other than English. You just can't make the adjectives etc. match if you don't know the gender (and there are words that change meaning with gender: e.g. le tour and la tour in French). 4. I think it would be very helpful to have the words actually spoken outloud by your widget. 5. My experience of learning a foreign language to fluency is that there's no substitute for speaking to people. For my first months in France I was constantly asking people in shops, the street, etc. to explain bits of French to me. For example, I'd pick a word in a newspaper headline and ask the baker what it meant. This really helped. Currently I'm learning German and find myself asking people Wie sagt man X auf Deutsch? a lot. They don't bother to use anything other than the default WordPress template. Actually, this is a good example of a thought that someone has that shouldn't have been made public. It's especially clear when the author has to say in bold that he's not criticizing his team. If I was on his team I'd be upset as being seen as an aimless, zombie. Note that it's quite common in India for offices to work on a Saturday morning. Reminded me of my favorite planning quote: "I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable" which comes from Eisenhower. How is this better than having a public email address? How will you prevent spam? By selling support and services. For example, take a look at Al Fresco. I use a MacBook Pro with the highdef screen as my only machine. For multiple OSes I run VMWare currently with Windows 2000, Ubuntu 7.04 and the OLPC operating system. I wouldn't waste my time with another machine, since the MBP has two cores you can just use one for you Linux installation and have plenty of horsepower left for the Mac. Next time you're in the same TZ as me, buy me a beer and I'll tell you about: 1. Going public 2. Doing a fire sale where almost everyone lost their jobs 3. Being acquired and hating the acquiring company 4. Starting a company that's just barely breaking even but still alive I have the same problem "John Graham-Cumming" often gets flagged as offensive. I think making something that is valuable is most important. Viaweb is one example. Microsoft buying Hotmail is another. At Scriptics we did everything in Tcl and still got bought. "Cold calling is dead"? Uh, no it's not, and neither is direct marketing or spam. None of these things are dead because they work. My whole point with Hotmail is that it was so valuable that Microsoft bought it despite the fact that the entire infrastructure was Unix. The Victorian Internet is a fun book that talks about the reaction to the arrival of the telegraph and predictions about how it would bring about world peace. http://tomstandage.com/vicnet.html Here's the thing: keeping up with current events is wrong. Don't try to keep up. The right way to understand things is slowly. This is why I don't watch the TV news, I don't read mainstream news web sites. I have two major sources of news: Le Monde (which I have daily) and The Economist (which is a weekly). Of those two I get the most information from The Economist because once a week I can read considered opinion and news not Breaking News which is irrelevant. I also don't follow Twitter and I have a very limited set of RSS feeds. The only social news site I read is this one. As I said a long time ago in a Slashdot comment answering almost the same question... don't mess with someone whose last name is Cumming and who made it through school :-) Pity to ignore SV VCs who have London offices. I worked with Accel when I was in California and they have a well established London office: http://accel.com/people/index.php?group_id=122000 Bruce Golden who runs the London Accel office is someone I know very well (he was on the board of one of my companies) and I think the team there does 'get it' with regards to Europe and they have a large fund and the experience of seeing what worked in SV. One simple thing to do would be to download CRM-114 and use it. Are you me? That's almost exactly what I would have written. I have a yellow notebook in which I write down ideas as they come to me. It contains everything from a way to dry the shower curtain to prevent mold, through a way to adjust car mirrors by eye tracking to various web site ideas. Essentially, whenever I see something I end up wondering how to improve it, or why it hasn't been improved in the way I think would work. In other news Scoble discovers that there's life outside Silicon Valley. So, there's a hot start-up scene in Tel Aviv, big deal. There have been hot startups coming out of Israel for a long time... ICQ anyone? CheckPoint? I've personally been involved with a few who moved operations from Israel to SV (which is quite common). One recent interesting one is Dapper: http://www.dapper.net/ C++ is on my list of 'languages I was forced to learn but would not have chosen to' 1. Languages I chose to learn: BASIC, Assembly Language, C, LISP, Perl, Javascript, Ruby 2. Languages I was forced to learn: C++, Modula-2 3. Languages I have actively avoided: Tcl, Java An old girlfriend of mine used to say: "People who say money doesn't buy happiness don't know where to shop". 1. I moved to Europe 2. I stopped drinking soda > Etsy: $31.6 mil for a swapmeet just for handmade crafts. I'm assuming that your italics were meant to indicate that you think this is a silly idea. But what you probably have to consider is the size of the handmade craft market in the US. Then consider the entire world-wide market. It's probably very large. And Breyer @ Accel is no fool. > People who move and then lose weight probably just don't like the food in the country where they moved. Not true in my case because I moved to France and food is _good_. But I've noticed three important differences from the US: 1. Portions are smaller 2. People eat more slowly 3. Meals are more varied (given #1 it's quite normal to eat starter + main course + dessert in a restaurant because all are relatively small). If you read the TC article on the investment you'll see where they plan to spend it: http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/01/30/etsy-raises-27-million-... —Buy $5 million worth of hardware and hosting over the next two years. —Support more currencies and languages other than the U.S. Dollar and English. —Fix the checkout system (there is none now, every buyer has to pay every seller on an individual basis. There is no Etsy payment system that works across all sellers). —Fix search. —Provide a cushion in case of a recession. —Offer customer service —Provide competitive wages and take care of his employees. Quite a lot of big ticket items in that list. Add to that any significant amount of consumer marketing and the number doesn't seem that bad. Disable UAC. It would not surprise me if there's a whole bunch of useless services running; disabling them might help. http://www.blackviper.com/WinVista/servicecfg.htm Very handy. Just what I'll be needing if my baby naming application migrates off Heroku: http://emilyoremma.heroku.com/ Hmm. Now if the quality were as good as my POTS service. I pay France Telecom about 40 Euro a month for unlimited calls across Europe and North America. That seems like a good deal to me because it always works and the quality is good. I think he makes a good point about the apps. There are literally thousands of apps and when I was involved in Facebook app development I saw _nothing_ that used the social graph for anything interesting. I actually started a social news system inside Facebook (called Wildfire), the idea was that stories would only get voted up if people passed them from friend to friend. It went nowhere, perhaps that was my fault. Has anyone seen a really cool Facebook application? That plus PeopleWare for me. > I look forward to seeing you again in London in person, > perhaps at Open Coffee, and maybe we can compare our > respective CVs. The CV of the commentator is irrelevant. He's not claiming to be more experienced/well known than you; he is claiming that you are not a well known UK VC. Frankly, I never read all the stories on the YC front page. If I did I'd consider it a bad sign that I was procrastinating. These articles make me cringe. They are typical of my (former) country's need to sound like it's important. Here we have a _government_ scheme to send some people on a trip to San Francisco. Hell, with the dollar/pound ratio the way it is any hacker worth his code is going to make that trip just for the hell of it. It reminds me of a scene in the truly awful BBC TV series Spooks in which one character is given a very small tracking device and the MI5 man says with pride "Even the Americans don't have technology like this". The "Web Mission 08" web site tells you all about the 'requirements' to get in this program: DO I QUALIFY? Web Mission 2008 is open to web companies that: + Are innovative + UK headquartered + Have 2 years trading history, or failing that, compelling early-stage fast-track potential + Can provide references from key sponsors/industry players + Can Demonstrate some commitment to sustainable business practices (eg, positive environmental or social outputs) + Are ready to do business in the US OR potentially attractive to US investor References? Sustainable business practices? Poppycock! The full list of companies is here: http://www.webmission08.com/whoisgoing.html I have nothing against the companies involved, but surely you didn't need a government leg up to get you to SF? SM Some time ago I wrote to PG about this very subject: Paul Graham wrote: | Thanks, John. Dunbar's number is more about the size of societies than | the size of a group that can cooperate to complete a task. There the number | is more like 8-12, which I believe prob corresponds to the smallest unit | in an army. Not sure the army is the best analogy since they operate with large amounts of funding and not the same restraints as a start up. Terror organizations are a better analogy since they have to combine team effectiveness with minimal size (for security and finance reasons). This seems a lot like a start up that needs an effective team of the smallest size (for mostly finance reasons). For example, the IRA was divided into 6 to 8 man operational units. I'm actually pretty happy with Win2K I'm trying to apply recommendation systems to baby naming: http://emilyoremma.heroku.com/ The one thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history. I'd be happy to hear about the online dating ideas. I think that is an are that's ripe for new thinking. I think the time is ripe whenever there's a good idea. Must have been late 1995 (if not 1996) given eBay's start date. Can't believe they missed the opportunity to mention Hemingway. BBC Micro Advanced Users Guide Programming the Z80, Rodnay Zacks From TFA: "What is Xobni OTHER THAN a feature of Outlook?" The core problem with this commentary is that the writer doesn't understand that Xobni can be more than just an Outlook feature. I think he has a hard time seeing beyond the UI that's been presented. I am reminded of VitalSigns that many people saw is just a toy for looking at how well your dial up connection was working. Others realized that the underlying technology was interesting, that it applied in the business environment and VitalSigns was bought out for a good price. I can't tell from your reply if an obnoxious personality is coming through, or if it's just the problem with ASCII communications. --- Email is a very target rich environment, I've done quite a lot of work in this area and I think there are two key things to realize about email: 1. Mining the content of emails can give you information about what's in them and the person who wrote them. Examples are any spam filter, POPFile, GMail ads., automatic email response systems. 2. Email also contains relationship information. And this information doesn't need to be gathered by forcing the user to 'friend' people. If you have access to the email box of a user you have all their email which means all their relationships plus all the subjects they are interested in. If you then do that across a company (or another group) you have a great deal of information for clustering (both by relationship and by content). You also have IP addresses which leads to physical location (with some degree of error) and time information (including time zones). That's a great deal of information to have (for example, companies like Facebook would love to know as much about you as possible but only really get the friend relationship; email gives you that effortlessly with content th analyze). The obvious follow up on this is 'how are they going to make money'. I don't know Xobni so I can't answer for them, but if you look at the areas where money as been made analyzing content or relationships, it's not hard to see that Xobni could be a trojan horse (an Outlook or other email pluging) that gives the user some value while providing greater value behind the scenes. http://jeaig.org/ Thank you for the tip. I did a PhD (actually a DPhil since that's what Oxford insists on calling it). I enjoyed doing it (managed to finish in 3 years) and it's been an asset (sometimes it's been useful to be "Dr John Graham-Cumming", although I rarely use the title), and it's always been useful to have gone to Oxford (because it has a certain brand cachet). But. I don't think those three years were a good investment when seen from a start-up perspective. I think three years of extra real-world experience would have been more valuable. I'd have to say 'no'. I did a DPhil by pure research and had to produce a thesis of original work. That means that I did my own learning with some guidance. My thesis is all about provably secure computer systems (using CSP) and I developed an algebra for reasoning about secure systems. I've never used any of this stuff. There are plenty of things that I learnt as an undergraduate that I use, however. But I think I got most of those things from the undergraduate degree. He was at Accel at the same time as me... he is definitely both experienced and smart. OK, I'll be the first to admit... I had to look up the meaning of "anaphora". I have. This essay does not describe my approach to parenting, but I know parents like that. Made me wonder if PG's SO is expecting. Oh. Thanks for posting my blog here. I'm still working on the middle section, but I'm not getting anywhere. There's been lots of speculation that the three symbols above the bottom section refer to an employee number at Fermilab... that's perhaps correct, but I still think the long block of hex in the middle section needs breaking. I'm speculating at the moment that it's yet another ternary representation like the other two. Scribding PDFs here is the new page framing. Imagine if every link you submitted appears in a frame with some ads at the top? That would be annoying (and so 1996), I don't see the Scribd thing any differently here. I have _no_ problem downloading PDFs. Here in France we have a law that makes that happen. If you sell a product in France you can't be forced to by a service at the same time. It's one of the consumer protection laws, and for the cell phone people it means that all phones are available for direct purchase. John Ousterhout and I worked together for years... he talks to his computer. See his description here: http://home.pacbell.net/ouster/wrist.html Two things to read about: 1. Electric Cloud (which is a company I started) that does parallel compilation (amongst other things) for mostly very large teams. 2. Xoreax which does something like your idea. Typically for smaller teams. I've been following The Hacker's Diet (had 7kg to lose to get to my 'ideal' weight) and it's been relatively easy. At some point I plan to blog all the data, but I've been consistently losing about 0.6kg per week since I started 5 weeks ago. Quick summary of what has worked for me: 1. Stopped eating anything between meals. I probably cut out 12 cans of Coke, 2 chocolate bars, and 2 cakes/treats per week. I estimate this at 2,640 kcal alone 2. Started listening to my stomach so that I'd stop eating when I was full, and didn't take second helpings that I didn't actually need. 3. Have been following the exercise plan and now avoid taking lifts or escalators. 4. I am not counting calories for my meals since excluding my between meals rubbish I eat fairly balanced food. Also I'm saving money... basically I'm losing weight, feeling better and saving about 26 Euro per week. Since I plan to cut out that stuff permanently I'll be able to afford a spanking new iPhone after 6 months. Lose Weight, Save Money, Feel Better, Get an iPhone! A very neat hack. Now it could be used for other purposes, for example, I could ignore social sites and look at other major sites (e.g. I could see who goes to CNN.com vs. FoxNews.com). Or a company could see which of its competitors a visitor has visited. Also, it would probably be possible to recurse on a site and figure out what pages they are visiting. For example, suppose a top-level detect shows that I visit reddit.com, the system could then load up a reddit specific page and discover that I also visit reddit.com/r/funny. I would imagine that for some sites that could be very revealing. How about just 1x1? Using the standard RGB color space there are 16,777,216. I doubt HN will have that many users so everyone gets their own color :-) I'm guessing around 10 years old (but perhaps even earlier) when I decided to design and build a briefcase containing various hidden compartments. I also remember, before that, reading Splinter of the Mind's Eye and being impressed that Luke could recharge his lightsaber from Han's blaster and spent a long time working on designs for universal plugs and sockets that would allow arbitrary recharging between devices. I am still waiting for this to be possible. But well before that (say around 6-7 years old) I recall drawing devices (just can't tell you what they did!) My work set up is the following: 1. Aeron chair 2. Pair of trestles and a large piece of wood on top of them. #1 cost $$$, #2 cost next to nothing. I bought cheap trestles from a hardware store, and a nice piece of flat wood which was prestained and edges smoothed off. From TFA: To be honest, I wasn’t even taking pleasure in my disposable income. Most of my extra cash went toward medicating my work stress. Because I wasn’t getting satisfaction from my job, I distracted myself with overpriced restaurants, tropical vacations and retail therapy. I traded up to a bigger, nicer apartment, but I didn’t spend much time in it because I was always at the office justifying my paycheck. I hear you! It's a very good introductory text. If you get interested in going deeper then try: http://www-csli.stanford.edu/~hinrich/information-retrieval-... Don't miss the smaller places like Santa Barbara. If you like messing around with songs, take a look at these: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/03/bouts-complete-song-parodies... No From TFA: > Just how will Apple meet expectations? Using the patent > application as a guide, Apple appears to be making room on > the iPhone for flash memory, which means an end to Apple's > standoff with Adobe (ADBE) that's kept iPhones from easily > viewing a plethora of Internet videos. Translation: At CNN we have _no idea_ what we are talking about. Flash Memory != Adobe Flash. Code to do the cloning detection: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/02/tonight-im-going-to-write-my... I published my GNU Make book on lulu.com and I think the quality is perfectly good. http://www.lulu.com/content/2584447 Have children; worked for me. I think it's a big deal for all the wrong reasons. Why would anybody want a replacement for Microsoft Project? I thought the whole point of Microsoft Project was to act as a warning to others! There's a clearer explanation of what he did here: http://www.algonet.se/~sirius/eaae/aol/market/collabor/erath... and this is a nice experiment to do yourself. " I've always wondered why he doesn't get the same recognition as Plato or Aristotle, or even Socrates." His name is hard to pronounce :-) Wow! A summary of privacy settings. Amazing! It's so original and clever. Boy, I wish other software could have a summary of privacy settings. We could even generalize this to summaries of other sorts of settings. My head spins with the genius of it. I think I need a lie down. My car shows me this on its onboard computer. It gives me instantaneous and averaged litres per 100 kilometres. I'm notable? It would be nice to know why the conveyor belt system looks so complex. It appears that aircraft arrive at the left and right hand sides of this big building and then need to get routed to the correct slot to go onto another aircraft. Why all the complex belts? Why can't this be solved with a single large oval belt that kicks off packages at just the right spot to go on an aircraft? Any chance that it could be grey? Actually this isn't about what it's like to work for Bill Gates, it's about Joel Spolsky and reflected glory. Yes, that was the entire plot. I disagree (but that I did write TFA). I have a piece of commercial software I sell, it has an extensive set of unit tests. I'm the only developer and I wrote them because I need to know that if I ship a new version to my customers that I haven't broken anything. Unit tests give me the flexibility to refactor, improve, bug fix, etc. with the assurance that I'm not messing things up. It would be very costly for me to ship broken code to my customers. You think that's bad? ESR just compared Obama to Hitler. No, I am not kidding. http://esr.ibiblio.org/?p=301 Quote: "There is a pattern in the lives of the really dangerous charismatic tyrants that they tend to have originated on the geographical and cultural fringes of the societies they came to dominate, outsiders seeking ultimate insiderhood by remaking the “inside” in their own image. Hitler, the border Austrian who ruled Germany; Napoleon, the Corsican who seized France; and Stalin, the Georgian who tyrannized Sovet Russia. And, could it be…Obama, the half-black kid from Hawaii?" I can't find one. Which sucks because I had figured there was no point me writing one because someone else was going to. I figured someone would hack http://code.google.com/p/mobileterminal/ and make it an AppStore application. Code to detect this: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/02/tonight-im-going-to-write-my... Here's what the output looks like: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/07/photoshopped-iranian-missile... If someone would pay me... I'd find the time. The code I released to do that analysis is a simple version. I actually have a better version that's much more accurate and fast: 1. It eliminates a lot of false positives (such as detecting that the white sky has been copied when it's simply white) 2. It automates manual tweaking of the parameters. 3. It's multithreaded. I guess I should be cold calling Reuters etc. to see who wants to license the fast version. Also see http://jeaig.org/ PG's way of email is precisely mine. In fact my inbox is actually renamed to ACTION and I've written before about how I manage email: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/06/measuring-my-inbox-depth.htm... and http://www.jgc.org/blog/2006/01/how-i-manage-email.html I use a combination of automatic filtering (i.e. POPFile), fast keyboard shortcuts, and public shame (I publish the number of items in my inbox on my web site) to keep it under control. The TFA: "Facebook desperately wants to find a way to help application developers make money beyond advertising, and the iPhone App Store has shown that people are willing to pay for quality applications." Praise be to the iPhone AppStore! No one had thought of charging for applications before. Who knew that people would pay for software? I don't think the section on automatic foldering is convincing. It, once again, comes to the conclusion that it doesn't work/Naive Bayes isn't accurate enough, yet POPFile shows very high accuracy for a wide variety of users (this is from real usage data). It's odd that his thesis mentions POPFile and then doesn't go on to actually test it. He also uses the Enron data set for many of his tests which has very little header data in it. I maintained a piece of 250,000 line C code that had one comment in it (apart from copyright notices): /* bad code */ To this day I do not know if this was a comment on the quality of the code that came after it, or if the developer was reprimanding the code. Does nobody remember the late 90s? There was a service that did just that way back before the previous dotbomb. But the name escapes me, perhaps because it was as exciting back then as it is now. Thanks. I'd forgotten the name. That was it. It was a BHO for IE, right? I typed in the name of the greatest rock band of all time( ) and got a play list (it worked), but the pictures in the slide show were baffling: a bunch of cats and pictures of food. ( ) Meat Loaf (YMMV) I love the application idea but it'll only be possible on jailbroken phones because Apple doesn't allow direct access to the system preferences (the entire SCPreferences etc. is undocumented by Apple) and I expect that trying to accessing them would get your app. booted from the App Store. Hmm. Revenue for 2007 was $161.5m. So they are paying 2x revenue. Market cap was $221m so they are paying 53% over market. But the really amazing thing is their Net Income: $4.8m (2007), $6.6m (2006), $6.7m (2005). So they are paying 71x net income. I would take one year with my daughter and travel with her around the world. It really depends whether we are a niche or the leading edge. If we are the leading edge then the masses will use these new systems later and it's worth building technologies now. Bear in mind that your argument applied to email in 1986 when I first got the email address jgc@prg.ox.ac.uk. I'm keeping my fingers crossed that you do something like POPFile commercially. If you are feel free to email me and I'll spill all its secrets :-) We're talking 1986 here. That email was based on the command-line, but we did have IM: it was called talk. And we had anonymous peer-to-peer file sharing using FTP. And we had discussion forums using Usenet. We didn't have Facebook, but we didn't need it. I knew everyone who was using the Internet :-) Once upon a time I was VP of Engineering at a start up in Mountain View and I'd get called by recruiters all the time. One time a woman called me and asked about the company and I was particularly looking for people who had written debuggers. So I told her that. She repeated back to me: "Knowledge of debugglers". You are probably correct, but if you haven't decided then it probably does. Just to be pedantic an eye blink takes 300 to 400 ms. Amazon's claim is that delays 3 to 4 times less than an eye blink are annoying to people. Mean reaction time for a human is around 200 ms for a visual stimulus so Amazon is talking about faster than normal reaction time as well. Frame rate in video games is between 30 and 60 frames per second or one frame every 16 to 33 ms. Cinema is 24 fps or one frame every 40 ms. So it would appear that Amazon is saying that a delay that a human can perceive is troubling and results in lost sales. This was one of those books that I picked up because it was a 'classic' and I found it unreadable. Not sure pictures are going to help. I agree. You've got only 8 couples over only 10 nights. That's short and a small sample. Also there's no detail on what they did when they slept apart. For example, perhaps the men went off slept in a 5 star hotel and pampered themselves. Also, this news is from 2006. But it gets worse. If you go find the paper you'll find this abstract: "Introduction: So far only a few studies (e. g. Meadows et al 2005) have focused on the interrelationship between bedpartners and its effect on sleep and sleep quality. Previous studies were either restricted to women's perceptions and experiences of sleep (Hislop et al 2003) or to interaction between parents and children. Method: The current investigation examined how sleep and sleep quality is influenced by the presence and absence of the bedpartner over a period of four weeks. Couples were young unmarried students (mean age: 25; range: 22 - 26) with no children and no history of sleep disturbances. All subjects filled in the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), a standardized sleep anamnesis inventory as well as the MEQ- questionnaire to evaluate morning- or evening- chronotypes. Sleep-wake patterns were continuously monitored by wrist-worn actigraphs and all subjects completed a sleep diary including a standardized self-rating scale for subjective sleep and awakening quality every morning. During the investigation period subjects were instructed to spend at least 10 nights together and 10 separately. Results: Preliminary results from three couples (out of 10) show a significant reduction of subjective sleep and awakening quality in the co-sleeping condition as compared to the nights slept alone. This tendency was observed in females as well as in males. Co-sleeping also reduced objective (calculated by actigraphs) and subjective sleep efficiency (sleep log data) with a more pronounced reduction in females. When sleeping alone women have more sleep epochs associated with movements than men. In nights spent together in both females and males the mean activity score increased but the changes were not significant. Discussion: The current investigation examines both gender differences during sleep/wakefulness and the physiological and psychological impact each partner has on the other during sleep." Key phrase: Preliminary results from three couples (out of 10) show a significant reduction of subjective sleep and awakening quality in the co-sleeping condition as compared to the nights slept alone. So this is based on just three couples in fact. I should have added that this sort of thing is why PLoS is so important. http://plos.org/ Sorry, Michael Faraday you don't have the relevant experience or degree so you can't have access to that information. Huh? You mean you attended _free_ lectures by Sir Humphrey Davy and then went on to become one of the greatest scientists of all time. Wow. Those were the days. Yes. One way around this whole 'who pays' mess would be a Wikipedia like site for papers. Anyone can publish, anyone can review. If you added voting to that and some level of authentication of users it could be very interesting. And just try doing a search for "citation needed" to get an idea of the number of Knol pages that are copy/paste from Wikipedia without even trying. Repackaging can in itself by useful. I wrote a column about GNU Make for a long time and finally turned it into a PDF and Book via Lulu and it's very convenient for people to have all the columns (which I reedited) all in one place. A suicide bomber doesn't need to worry about airport security at all. They just need to figure out when the airport is at its most crowded and stand in a check in line and detonate their bomb. I'm in the process of writing a book. One thing that's very hard is to reread each chapter to make sure it flows. Once you've been over the text again and again it's hard to get a fresh perspective. What's working for me is to read the text out loud. I don't actually read it to someone, but clearly speaking out loud has helped. Now if they'll just allow data-tethering I'll buy one. Actually the change in birthplace is the most recent edit to that page... click History to find out. It did, indeed, claim Weymouth. Old, old, old idea. Even I was writing about this in 2006. http://www.jgc.org/blog/2006/04/stateless-web-pages-with-has... When I wrote that Matt Sergeant posted that this idea had been around since at least 1999. No it isn't. You just sign the data that's on the client and check the signature when it is returned. See http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=325551 . Wake me when he signs up for Twitter. I think you're suffering from a virtuous circle or Catch-22 depending on your viewpoint. This site (and others) have made out that everything is going to be a web app, so lots of people want to work on web apps and then if all the smart are working on web apps then web apps look like the place to be. Récession is a feminine noun in French, hence it would be La Récession No idea why you are getting voted down. I think the Air is really designed for the 'no optical drive' crowd, but I agree that I don't often use by MBP's drive. I too would like to see a 3G modem built in. Working on my first book for O'Reilly It's a travel guide for people who love science and technology. It contains 128 places where you can see really great bits of science or technology history, and it explains the science behind the place. Silly idea really because terrorists will just route around it. My personal theory is that the poor quality of comments on YouTube is actually a code system being used by terrorists to communicate. All the sleeper agent has to do is visit a web cafe and watch the following http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpfYAghuNtU while reading the comments. When he sees the comment "ZOMG cutest eva" he carries out his attack. Nothing but potatoes? What about the Idaho National Laboratory? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Idaho_National_Laboratory EBR-1? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Experimental_Breeder_Reactor_I Arco, the first town lit by nuclear power? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arco,_Idaho Agreed. Just look at the success of Gorillaz. At Electric Cloud and Scriptics where I worked with John Ousterhout we documented the culture we wanted. See http://home.pacbell.net/ouster/startupCulture.html I cashed the check Knuth sent me years ago. I remember, at the time, thinking that Knuth might be offended if I didn't. I guess I was just young... Virtual gifts in Facebook are an example of the "How is this software going to get me laid?" question posed by JWZ( ). You'd spend $1 on a stupid picture because you imagine some desired outcome. This is the same reason people buy flowers for other people, and in general the same reason people buy almost anything. The fact that the cost of making a virtual flower is entirely irrelevant. ( ) http://www.jwz.org/doc/groupware.html My reading list is on my web site: http://www.jgc.org/writing.html No, he's a VC. He's done a great job of promoting himself and his company through helpful blogging and twittering but he's not the one and only authority that we need to hear from and especially not about US presidential politics. > We all think it is great. Don't assume to know what I think. > He's certainly not the only authority (who said he was?). You. You said he was "The VC". Actually my career has been one significant departure after another... 1. Started out writing embedded network protocols stacks (TCP/IP, SPX/IPX, NetBIOS, ...) 2. Moved into discrete event simulation of large networks 3. Then moved on to Tcl developer tools 4. Then to content management systems 5. Then to Electric Cloud for parallel software development tools 6. Along the way created POPFile 7. Now this... This is partly why my @jgc.org email is forwarded to gmail and not managed by Google. I retain control of the domain and the receiving MX which then forwards to gmail. If gmail were to die I can reroute around it in seconds. It's worth knowing that David Bellamy claimed that he was no longer on television for other reasons (in 2002): --- He tells me how he got talking to a man on a train some time before the 1997 election and told him he was torn between voting for Arthur Scargill's Socialist Labour party and the Referendum party. The man told him he was an agent for the Referendum party, and soon after he got an invitation to lunch from Sir James Goldsmith, its founder. "It was the most fascinating lunch I've ever had. A bloody good lunch. I said: 'Why have you suddenly become a goody after being a baddy?' And he said: 'You go into a fish restaurant and the fish are full of poison, and that's why I'm dying of pancreatic cancer.' And I said, 'Well, I don't think you can prove that.' And he said, 'No, I can't prove it, but you say some bloody stupid things too.'" It was then that Goldsmith asked him to stand against Major. "In some ways it was probably the most stupid thing I ever did because I'm sure that if I have been banned from television, that's why. I used to be on Blue Peter and all those things, regularly, and it all, pffffft, stopped." Actually, he says, his TV career had stopped some time before that - he made his last BBC series eight years ago. Perhaps he is too scruffy for telly these days, I suggest. He gives me a look. "There are some bloody scruffy people on television these days. Very scruffy in what they think and the way they talk." --- http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2002/sep/30/broadcasting.aca... He tried to become Prime Minister of Britain running on an anti-Europe platform. [citation needed] 1.354e14 kg assuming the Death Star has a radius of 160 km. However there's conflicting information about the diameter of the Death Star (some say 120 km, others 160 km) and that's the diameter and not the radius. So the Death Star would be considerably lighter than your friend's calculation. My calculations give 3.385e13 kg assuming a radius of 80 km which yields a density of 1.578e-2 kg/m3 or 15.78 g/m3 which is way, way low. In fact it's much lower than the density of air. Three possibilities: I made a mistake in my calculation, Google's gravity value for the Death Star is incorrect, we shouldn't expect consistency from a story George Lucas made up almost 40 years ago. I think people here appreciate the Indian achievement because it reflects on a number of Hacker News axioms: 1. It's better to hack something than design for perfection. India had a number of launch failures prior to this success, but kept at it at low cost. They literally launched early and got feedback :-) 2. The cost of creating technology start-ups is getting lower all the time. India did this on the cheap and was able to piggy back on years of prior work. It would be interested to see a comparison of the cost of getting into lunar orbit between 1945 and today. 3. It doesn't matter who you are, it's what you do that counts. 4. There are some places in the world that are best suited for particular technology start-ups: Boston and SV for software, anywhere along the Equator for a minimal delta-v. Penis enlargement products are ideal for spam because they are embarrassing to buy elsewhere, they are very cheap to manufacture (e.g. sugar pill) and they don't work. The last part is important, if they did work there would be a non-spam market for them. For this reason, I believe that we do not see hair loss products marketed extensively through spam. There are good hair loss products (minoxidil and propecia) that have clinically shown effects. I am so sick of these stories that allude to Jobs' health all the time. Sorry for the shouting but Shut Up About It! We don't know the status, Jobs denies being ill, medical evidence says that survivors of the surgery Jobs have tend to look unwell/be very thin/have difficulty metabolizing food. So all likelihood is that Jobs isn't going to drop dead on us suddenly. Hell, if anyone looks like they are heading for a sudden death it's Steve Ballmer whose BMI must put him in a serious danger zone. Not sure this scales well to 24 hour clock as used almost everywhere but the US. POPFile has stopwords because people in the community insisted on it. My commercial email filtering software does not because it turned out that in my tests that the accuracy difference they made was so small as to be in the noise. And they were costly in terms of time to check, and to maintain across different languages. > Water: how wet is it? That depends on the contact angle with the surface the water is touching. I have never said this before, but.. w00t! I've just finished writing a book that will be published by O'Reilly next year. I'd echo your comments: 1. Write an outline. This is boring, but vital. If you don't do this you won't realize that extent of the task you are taking on. By writing an outline you are convincing yourself and a publisher that you can actually write a book. 2. Do some other writing first. For example, I wrote extensively for different magazines. This is both good practice and gives you sample writing to show to a publisher. 3. "Phone a friend" Do your best to find someone you know who can introduce you either to a publisher or to an agent. This also applies to getting VC funding, it's best to find some way in via someone your know (or someone someone you know knows) than just trying to cold call. 4. If you do get a contract track carefully your progress (I used a spreadsheet) so that you stay on target. 5. Do not get hung up on the right tools to use. I've written plenty of stuff in a text buffer in emacs, or in Word, or using a specialist XML editor. Your publisher may actually ask you to use a specific tool, and the reality is that the tool is the least important part of the process. Figuring out what to write, and then writing the sentences is hard. (I'm not joking about the last part) 6. Read your work aloud. After I'd written a section I would read aloud what I'd written to see how it flowed. And I'd modify, read aloud, modify, read aloud until it seemed smooth. 1. It's a travel book for geeks 2. I followed scrupulously O'Reilly's guidelines on submitting an proposal. I went through their normal channel for proposals and then I asked a friend who's an O'Reilly author to give them a prod for me. 3. I worked with the editor I'd been assigned to convince them that I could pull it off. What's the market size for physical graphing calculators? Sorry, but you've clearly never worked in a large company that had an actual IT department. There are many, many companies where what goes on your machine is what the company chooses. You are either forbidden, or prevented, from installing anything else. Those people are forced to use Outlook. Also, your average employee is unlikely to replace Outlook with the 'better' solution of extracting calendar information using 'gnus using elisp'. Utter, utter nonsense. In non-software companies the applications on the desktop are centrally managed and it's just not possible to use workarounds that engineers would find acceptable. Where's Mondo 2000? I'm surprised by this article. I live in Toulouse, France and quite the opposite appears to be happening. Almost all of the run down cafés in the centre of Toulouse have undergone extensive refits in the last year and are now packed. The article does make me wonder to what extent these bar owners are failing to update their run down bars and hence they are losing their clientele. My experience of the French is that they do love to complain about things not being like they used to be, perhaps these people should look to Toulouse as an example. I don't wish to criticize you or your friends, but this is similar to the problem of having multiple TVs in a house. The only solution to this problem is to put the computers away and talk to each other. In my house we have computers in an office, we have a TV in one room, but we have strict hours for the TV for the kids, we all eat meals together with no books, TV or computers allowed. BTW I think it would be more healthy if the four of you sat in front of one TV and watched a program together (especially if you laughed at it, talked about it). Me: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/11/i-am-hiring-in-london.html Have you seen http://l8tr.org/ which also scans web sites that are temporarily down and emails you when they come back up? I am 'GeorgCantor'... I couldn't resist because Gödel's reply seemed lame. He just assumed the undecidability and used it to bang on about his own ideas. Book titles: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/11/testing-book-titles-using-go... I disagree. In Turing's paper "On computable numbers, with an application to the Entscheidungsproblem" he makes direct reference to diagonalization arguments (section 8 "Application of the diagonal process") alluding to the proof that the real numbers are not enumerable. His proof then relies on a diagonal argument. And if you really want to do cool things with make: http://www.lulu.com/content/2584447 This article is so stupid it has literally drained my ability to point out how stupid it is. > Apple's culture is that of the 70s, the dark ages of personal computing. Were you even around in the 1970s? Those were the days... personal computers came with the complete source code listing of their operating systems, a complete hardware schematic, pinouts for all connectors... Right through the early 1980s it was pretty common to know everything about a personal computer. e.g. Go take a look at an Apple I or II manual, or the VIC-20, or the PET, or the BBC Micro or the TRS-80, or the early IBM-PC. See also http://l8tr.org/ I did. It took seconds to realize that this was interesting. There's something very wrong with that 2003 picture. If you look at the corresponding number of sales you see that there were less than 10 sales in 2002 and 2003. That can't possibly be correct (even taking into account a post September 11, 2001 slow down) and data pre-2002 looks fishy too because it's order of 100s of sales. It reminded me quite a lot of ItemField and so I was instantly intrigued to understand what had been done. I really like the YouTube idea. The plan is to have a dedicated web site for the book (O'Reilly did buy geekatlas.com). Thank you for the suggestions. I imagine that O'Reilly will do their RoughCuts thing with the book so that people get early access. And that's precisely why I decided to do 128 places instead of 100. It's instantly recognizable to anyone who's had to deal with base 2 as an in joke. The full title of the book is "The Geek Atlas: 128 Places Where Science and Technology Come Alive". Of course, for people who don't understand the joke I do explain it at one point in the book where I explain the binary system. I actually thought about doing that, but didn't have the time. The book will highlight elements of the places that are non-geek oriented (such as they are outdoors and suitable for a nice hike or picnic). On a similar topic... does anyone know of a _Windows_ calendar client that works with iCal Server? I've been using Sophos for a long time on my Mac. You don't have to fall into the Norton/McAfee trap. How about just adding tagging to HN and then RSS feeds by tag? I have no idea what this is doing on HN and I have flagged it. It's not appropriate to this forum and it's a piece of really bad writing. What has dental flossing your laptop (which appears to be a strategy copied from Sean Connery in 1960s era Bond movies with a strand of hair) got to do with a terrorist attack on a hotel? Because terrorists who are about to launch an assault on a hotel have first popped up to your room to take a look to see if you've got a .pr0n directory. And thanks for the advice on slipping a knife past TSA. Great idea. Hey, advise readers to try to get a knife past a TSA agent. Also, the whole thing about high floors is BS. Why? If I was a terrorist my next move in hotel attacks would be do go with a repeat of the Brighton hotel bombing. Book rooms months in advance, plants bombs in those rooms, set them off months later destroying the hotel. This article is a typical example of planning for the attack you've just experienced. Frankly, he should take Schneier's advice and just not worry about this stuff. If you are serious about fighting a knife wielding terrorist then I'd suggest that you go on a good close quarters combat course and learn how to get the knife off someone. That way you'll actually be able to disarm the attacker without breaking the TSA rules and without having an extra knife for someone to take off you. Look at it another way. Are there other places that are full of people that would be easier to kill. My guess is yes. e.g. a movie theater. Movie theaters have a limited number of exits, a large number of people who are conveniently sitting down, and they are easy to get into. For this reason there are some countries where movie theater bombings were popular who would lock the viewers in when the movie starts to prevent a bomber from planting a bomb and going to the toilet while it goes off. Of course, that doesn't work well if you have suicide bombers. Overall once you start thinking about soft targets like this you realize that they are easy to attack if you have motivated killers. If you then go down the path of this article and start worrying about those attacks then your priorities are all screwed up. Would be interesting to know if this writer who worries about a terrorist attack on his hotel enough that he barricades himself in and carries extra supplies and weapons took the time to put his seat belt on on the cab ride from the airport. Let me Google that for you: http://www.squeezedbooks.com/ Is popularity a linear scale? If it isn't then it seems to me that simply multiplying the price by the popularity is bogus. e.g. in terms of units sold what's the difference between a popularity of 0.1 and 0.2? Double? Ten Times? If I ran HN I would remove the delete button and keep the edit, but I would keep a record of changes so that users could look back through the edits made to a comment (a simple diff would do). Does anyone know why the seller is listed as "Reinke LLC" and not Amazon.com? Amazon.com has information about the application on their web site at http://www.amazon.com/gp/feature.html?docId=1000291661 David Lightman. He was smart, nerdy, witty and got the girl. The Catholic Church is not collapsing. It is growing, albeit by expanding vigorously outside the West. I'm hiring for a new start-up in central London and we are having a hard time finding very good people because many candidates are deciding to hang on to the jobs they have. Most seem afraid to leave for something unknown when the economy seems to be tanking. It's a pity that extra comma got in there. The original Stanford Daily headline was correct. Hey brilliant plan. Now any time someone makes the claim that P2P isn't about not paying for copyrighted content they can point to this utility as counter-evidence. So C is the new assembler. I remember the days when you optimized your C code by writing inline assembly. That may be true (about women) but my experience is that it's yet another bell curve and there are some very sexually active women who act more like men at one end of the tail. (And they should feel free to contact me :-) I'm looking for two people: 1. A Java developer who's done lots of back-end work. Ideally someone who's built a server in Java that's had to scale to either a large amount of data or a high number of transactions. Someone really familiar with multi-threading. 2. A UI developer who's done stuff in Ajax and/or Flex. Would be very interesting if there's done extensive work on data visualization in a web browser, or on web-based applications that do fast real-time updates. You could also consider using a recruiter. I realize it's painful to pay a large chunk of salary and you really want to conserve cash in a start-up. But you also have to trade off the speed of finding someone against the recruitment cost. I'm using both recruiters and social techniques (including giving a bonus to any engineer on my team who brings in a candidate that we actually hire). This post doesn't talk about what happens when you've actually got a candidate in front of you. That too is hard. We're using extensive testing of candidates to make sure that we understand their technical knowledge as well as traditional interviews. All our candidates have to do a programming test before they even get considered for an interview (we made up a test that we think captures the sort of programming that they would have to do here). Then when they come in they sit a programming knowledge test before they get to the first interview. I do agree that it's hard to get a good recruiter and you do have to work with them to make sure they understand your requirements, but it is possible. I've worked with a few over the years who do a really good job of screening candidates and if you give them a test that they can pass on to candidates as well then you waste less of your time. Maybe we're just seeing a buffer being flushed. He may have worked on all this stuff earlier. No. It's not on my blog because we are in stealth mode and not talking about what we are doing. Even interview candidates who get to the final stage have to sign an NDA. I know it's a pity not to be able to talk about it, but we have very good reasons (mostly around not awakening some large competitors who might try to rush through a project to make it look like they are doing the same thing) and are planning to launch everything (including the company name, web site, product and initial customer stories) at the same time. But if you are interested in doing Java server work handling terabytes of data, or really cutting edge Javascript work, or close to real time data visualization in a web browser using Flex then please contact me. It would appear (IANAL) that time banking could be considered a form of bartering which is covered by the IRS here: http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc420.html "The fair market value of goods and services exchanged must be included in the income of both parties." One of those great stories about patients who had a profound effect on an area of medical science. See also: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henrietta_Lacks Bletchley Park is one of the 128 places in my travel book for geeks and an absolute must see for anyone who's interested in computer science or code breaking. It would be tragic if it was allowed to fall into disuse or disrepair because of a lack of funding. I've started a simple campaign to help Bletchley Park by donating a power of 2 in the currency of your choice: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=387007 See http://oreilly.com/catalog/9780596523206/ and monitor it for updates. True John Ousterhout (creator of Tcl) story. I worked for John for many years, but our first meeting (when he was interviewing me for the job of VP of Engineering under him) was when he met me for lunch at Scott's Seafood. Early on in the lunch interview he said "You've probably heard of me..." and talked a little about Tcl and his experience. Unfortunately, I had said "No" almost as soon as the first five words were out of his mouth. So, then he was forced to tell me about Tcl (which I had never used) and went on to explain that Tcl was a really easy language for people to learn (which he illustrated with various interesting examples) and that it incorporated a complete regular expression engine from a lot of power was derived. Right there, I blurted out "Don't you think those two things are contradictory? It can't be easy to learn and have regular expressions since regular expressions are one of the hardest things for a novice to pick up". His eyes sort of bugged out of his head and he said, "Oh. Perhaps you are right. I hadn't thought of that". Luckily for me it turned out that making John have a novel thought was the right way to impress him. Despite apparently having a big ego he turned out to be the best boss I ever had, I learned an enormous amount from him and later we co-founded Electric Cloud. Sorry, didn't see this until you tweeted it. You can email your CV to me. Be excellent to one another Ah yes, this is an example of 'Wareing's Law' (which I named after someone I went to college with) who when asked why any event happened in a film (usually because someone was incredulous about the way a film was progressing) he would reply: "Because it's in the script!" That's a seems like a weak form of the Turing Test. Instead of being indistinguishable from a human you just need to be a suitable replacement. You just went up in my opinion by a large amount. It's interesting how much noise there is around MapReduce. I'm working as CTO of a start-up with a very large dataset (terabytes) where we need to do quite complex queries across the dataset and very quickly. Naturally we are taking a distributed approach to the problem since hardware is cheap and relatively easy to coordinate via software. We decided to go our own way using a mixture of some databases and raw file system access with our own application coordinating both the cluster of machines and performing the queries themselves after performing extensive benchmarking of everything. We looked closely at Hadoop and came to the conclusion that MapReduce was just the wrong architecture for our problem. Its performance was horrible. The moral of this story is that MapReduce is interesting, but that doesn't prevent you from having to actually test algorithms and make an informed choice. Just because Google's using it doesn't mean it's a panacea. There are of course other camouflage techniques other than just changing the port number. You could try port knocking using something like my tumbler project: http://tumbler.sourceforge.net/ I was about to post the same observation. The comparison with Linus is silly; this man appears to be a perfectly reasonable entrepreneur who's going after a specific target market for social networking/immersive worlds. Good for him, but not relevant to a Linus type impact even if he does live in Finland. I'm surprised by the claim that writing an add-on for IE is harder than for FireFox. My experience of Microsoft is that they do a good job of supporting developers through examples and documentation, whereas Mozilla does a very poor job. http://isstevejobsdead.com/ Interesting to compare the 1971 and 1979 pages describing the future of computers: http://www.pointlessmuseum.com/computer/027.html One has microcircuits with 10s of components, 8 years later there's the microprocessor with thousands. > All you have to do is write the documentation very specifically And that's where most software projects fail. If there's one great thing about the agile development movement it's the involvement of customers in the process so that they get the software they actually want, not what they thought they wanted at the beginning. How much does fully specifying a piece of software cost? Now compare that with a loose specification and an engineer who's in contact with the customer and refining the application as requirements are discovered. That's true, but my experience of Linux on the eee pc has been horrible and I eventually switched to Windows so that basic stuff would work: 1. I'd like to totally disable screen blanking 2. I'd like the built-in wireless to work with a WPA2 network http://equationater.com/ Here's my blog write up of the similarity between the article and the press release. It's pretty blatant: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/12/how-to-write-infoworld-artic... She's the person behind the algorithm in this: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/02/tonight-im-going-to-write-my... And she was incredibly gracious when I emailed her and asked for assistance and she publishes all her research on her web site ( http://www.ws.binghamton.edu/fridrich/ ). The stuff about identifying digital cameras via sensor noise is really interesting. Not true if the volume of submissions is high. The New page is fairly short and knowing that x% is automatically rubbish is very annoying. My take (without wanting to seem harsh): get over being down voted a couple of times and don't come up with a technical solution. It happens. Short answer: No. I didn't know anything about image processing at all until I read her paper. It took my quite a while to get to grips with all the terminology and ideas. I actually went through that paper line by line as I built my code and looked up every term I didn't understand on Wikipedia and then used links from there to understand what it was all about. One thing that she needs to be commended on is the clarity of that paper. I was able to follow it and implement her algorithm starting from zero knowledge. She then provided me with the actual images that she had used so that I could verify that my implementation worked. As with anything I'd suggest finding a project that inspires you and the inspiration will be enough motivation to make you learn anything. I'm surprised to see this getting voted up; seems like pure gossip. If anyone on HN wants a detailed list of _my_ sexual activities my contact information is in my profile. Otherwise I'd be happier if you just looked at my code and writing. I agree, but my example was that both sexual activity and changing gender are private activities that don't need to be discussed here. This is a lovely reminder that designing cryptographic protocols is hard. Even something as simple as signing a bit of data can have nasty pitfalls. My assumption is that the Amazon people felt that by using HMAC-SHA1 they were secure because that's a well known way of hashing and signing something. The pitfall was in their implementation. They have such a simple system, yet they managed to make a mistake. This sort of problem is one of the reasons that I made the crypto in tumbler ( http://tumbler.sf.net/ ) as simple as possible because I was sure that if I did anything but total simplicity I would screw it up. I could never learn something like that, I learn by actually doing. For example, when I wanted to learn Perl (this was a while ago...) I started to write POPFile in it. The only way I could get sufficiently motivated was by writing some code that others would see and use. Nothing like peer pressure! > Efficient debugging can't be done without a debugger(but that sounds pretty obvious...still... there is evidence of people who doubt this or even disagree!). Of course, you can use printf and output variable values all you want, but that won't get you far and you'll still be a blind-foldedly searching a needle in a haystack. I strongly disagree with this statement. I only use debuggers for extreme situations and find that a good understanding of the code, thinking about the problem and a few well placed prints is all that's necessary for most debugging.