One of the things about nginx is the lack of an organised community - for e.g. there is not even an official repository for nginx ( http://marc.info/?l=nginx&m=122153991029203&w=2 ). there are simply some mirrors of people who maintain a patch-based tree ( http://mdounin.ru/hg/nginx-vendor-current ). There is no bug-tracker (!!), just a wiki page ( http://wiki.nginx.org//NginxBugs ) and as someone mentioned ( http://www.wikivs.com/wiki/Lighttpd_vs_nginx ), very less activity on IRC. It comes down to the original issue of Linus Torvalds, Ingo Molnar and Con Kolivar: do you have a clear roadmap of where the architecture is going, vs a very cool technology that had a lot of support and was no doubt popular. I am in no way commenting on the technology behind nginx, but as an architect, making a deployment decision that is going to take hell to change later, I would be very concerned. the lack of a bug tracker and a SCM should'nt be limited by language barrier. Every project needs developers and testers. Contributing to projects may take different avenues and opens up opportunities to climb higher on the development foodchain as their experience matures. how does directed-edge compare to LinkedIn's OSS Project Voldemort ( http://project-voldemort.com/ >) ? You're dead-on about the lack of literature. I am no lisp expert (python stole me away), but something like the PythonChallenge for lisp could go a long way towards building a working knowledge. I really wish we could have books like Norvig's PAIP in the public domain - it is really one of the best books on lisp ever, however very expensive - more so in third world countries. Oh and I really wish that brackets were used rather than parantheses - there is RSI you know! is there a place where one has a list of the most popular wireless and sound cards ? Maybe the developers can use that as a starting point. mkxpud is an image generator, and a binary-level build system very similar to Woof of Puppy Linux. We don't want to handle the package dependencies, so we just leverage APT/dpkg. When running mkxpud, it reads project config (called cookbook), parse it into package settings (called recipe), strips directly from a working Debian/Ubuntu Linux, extracts them into root filesystem and finally generates image. Use autohinting [ http://www.spodesabode.com/discussion/51/making-ubuntu-look-... ] and Droid fonts and u'll see what a difference it makes The biggest draw in favor of git - especially for those people, who are already working with SVN or CVS - is the interoperability scripts for git. git-svn is freaking brilliant and is so convenient a bridge that several people maintain their SVN checkouts as git repositories and eventually checkin to the central SVN repositories using git. now... lisp.. if only wow. I never thought a comment of mine would be tokenized. But, I guess your parsing was spot on ... I like pylons and I cant understand why everyone is trying to scare off everyone else by calling it “glue”, “a hackers framework”, “it doesnt give you anything, allows you to choose everything” People would almost think it is the Lisp of frameworks (which it is). Pylons comes with “batteries included”. Its default setup with Mako, SqlAlchemy, Routes is quite good and I would say a Ruby-on-Rails for Pythoners. And like RoR, you can fire up “paster shell” to get a nice console. But my best part - how you can set “import pdb;pdb.set_trace()” to start a debug session in a console. I can wrap my fingers around pylons very nicely - and I like the fact that I can “hack” it if I ever wanted to. it would be interesting to know what problems you faced. If you could elaborate on the roadblocks you hit - and how other frameworks solved it for you, that would be great. Pylons: Python... check MVC...check SQLAlchemy...check Mako....check Umm... can somebody compare Juno to Pylons please - I'm kind of confused here i think what Arnold is trying to convey is mathematics needs to be "learned" intuitively, rather than in an abstract manner. Pure mathematics may, however, be practiced (though one can argue that intuition will continue to play a significant role ) The essential bit is about being able to visualize a mathematical concept, before being able to express it in mathematical language. For example, I think the visualizations of sorting algorithms give a intuitive understanding of how something should work, that you will be able to see quicksort in your mind, before you code it up. Physics can easily be interchanged for computer vision as a tool for aiding in mathematical intuition. Learning is hard, practice is easy. database newbie here - I always thought sharding was the only thing to do after your DB starts choking on the volume. I did not know there was any other way to go about it. Care to share any information on how you would scale DB (PGSql maybe) - any google keywords would be welcome as well Ruby's Gems ownzors easy_install - with versioned libraries, updates, etc.. And apt-get, pacman, rpm are not excuses, because I like to use Slitaz as my OS If virtualenv (which I love) is something that plays havoc with package management - they should be merged, rather than not do anything about it. pomodoro technique ? http://www.pomodorotechnique.com/ nice app - i also use timer-applet for nice Gnome integration on the taskbar to run it in VirtualBox, the livecd needs "xmodule=vesa" boot option. To install VBox/nVidia graphics drivers, you need to install dbrs-precompiled-linux-sources-2.6.28 (using apt-get). And OO 3.1 is at "deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/openoffice-pkgs/ppa/ubuntu hardy main" repository. Very lightweight on my 5 yr old laptop - with the OpenBox option. the difference between crunchbang and Debris is gnome. I like being on the mainstream desktop environment and being able to run it on older machines Once, while we were taking a break, I think we were actually watching the OJ chase on TV, there was a news program talking about him being in Europe with some little boy. I was sitting next to the guy while the news is making this crap up. He just looked at me and said this is what I have to deal with. http://www.gearslutz.com/board/4325168-post15.html http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=733369 Riemann for Anti-dummies: Introduction and Critique I would'nt mind a 14 inch, Intel Atom, no DVD, minimum USB drive, ultrathin, 6 hour battery life netbook zsh does a much better job (with its right prompts and formatting) http://img194.imageshack.us/img194/2101/zsh1.png - this actually shows a git repository imported from svn http://img40.imageshack.us/img40/3738/zsh2.png - this shows a regular svn repo This is what you need in your zshrc # precmd is called just before the prompt is printed function precmd() { title “zsh” “$USER@%m” “%55 vcs_info export RPS1=”${YELLOW}%1v${NORM}” wow..thanks! '''I happen to think mathematics would be more advanced today if a little attention was paid to standardizing its notation''' ... as well as the tools available to render those notations. http://www.stixfonts.org/pub_geninfo.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/STIX_Fonts_project Does'nt smalltalk have code=data behavior without s-expressions. I'm not an expert, but I thought that was the reason why Smalltalk has the IDE that everyone raves about along with image persistence Or can Smalltalk be modelled as an s-exp based language? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smalltalk#Image-based_persisten... nice .. thanks This reminded me of Dr. Devi Prasad Shetty (of Narayan Hrudayalaya, Karnataka, India) who created a very innovative Micro-health scheme ( http://www.yeshasvini.org/ ) of distributing the cost of heart surgery among the masses for a meager 10 cents (5 Rs) a month. Today, approximately 1.6 million farmers are eligible to receive heart surgeries (and 955 other surgery types) He has recently started getting traction in New Delhi for a similar scheme. http://www.hindustantimes.com/News/india/Delhi-does-not-want... http://hbswk.hbs.edu/item/4585.html According to your philosophy, isnt ArchLinux the perfect middle ground ? rolling releases, BSD style init, a really good package repo (AUR) and manager (pacman) - no "-src" packages ... if you want to insist on Slackware like package management - use PKGBUILD . That is plain offensive. The special olympics are an even greater achievement of the human body as a machine, since it must push itself with far lesser degrees of freedom. Mnemosyne is actually very good http://www.mnemosyne-proj.org/ it works on Win, Mac and Linux - written in Python http://braid-game.com/news/?p=364 Jonathan Blow, the developer of Braid, has had a thread on his blog (made from last year, when he gave up trying to port Braid on linux, till July of this year) about the (sorry?) state of developer tools on Linux. An interesting read - given that his primary editor was emacs and he has been using *nixes for 20 years. Long story short - sorry state of sound on Linux, sorry state of debugging tools on linux, OpenAL+SDL dont cut it. Use the Droid or Undotum fonts with antialiasing. Very, very good. http://tombuntu.com/index.php/2008/10/15/tweak-your-font-ren... is there a way to interchange ( to [ ? I have RSI. P.S. Not keyboard mapping please. thanks! doesnt this inherently lower performance? Message-passing rather than shared data structures implies you need to pass around heavy copies of data. Are Lock-free data structures (supported probably by atomic hardware operations) the middle ground? http://www.audiomulch.com/~rossb/code/lockfree/ Read first : http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=733369 then http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=772012 Why does'nt everyone publish their class notes in ePub format ? It is machine readable, reflowable and most ebook readers support it. is it really about network sound ? 95% of the desktop users needs sound to work [a] when two streams (e.g. a video game and music) are played [b] low latency sound in video games (a.k.a lipsync) Another 4% wants good audio tools to work on in Linux - which there arent many of. I dunno if this is a catch-22 because of the innumerable sound SDKs. In a previous comment I had posted described Jonathan Blow's (creator of Braid) problems with low latency sound and APIs on Linux. And this is a guy who has been using linux for over a decade now. The thread over at his blog has been going for over a year now ( http://braid-game.com/news/?p=364 ) and makes for interesting reading. please, please have a Eastern Economy Edition. Just wanted to point out a few differences to people hitting PGSQL after getting their feet wet with MySQL. 1. While installing PGSQL get your configuration variables correct, or it wont work out-of-the-box (kernel.shmmax, autovacuum, shared_buffers) 2. learn about authentication. PGSQL depends on authentication of the OS ("sameuser" on pg_hba.conf). MySQL behaves by default as the "password" authentication method of PGSQL. 3. Learn about template databases. Your first database is a template database. 4. PGSQL has "pg_" databases and slash commands (\dt, \connect, \q) for system administration. Sorry - I should have clarified. These are specific to Ubuntu packaging. I worked on MySQL before I had to work on PostGres and these were the major turning points in my understanding. Hope it helps someone else. that is a fascinating account - could you elaborate on how you leveraged a compiler/custom language for your 10K machine management. I am not able to wrap my head around what was it specifically that you needed a language for - rather than, say building it on top of perl/python/lua - and whether you used the yacc/bison toolchain to build it. I think the best paper that explains the magic number (0x5f3759df) is http://www.lomont.org/Math/Papers/2003/InvSqrt.pdf Lomont traces the history of the algorithm and the possible way that the magic number was derived - including more magic numbers (0x5f375a86) not only does it have the most sophisticated eye - it has the world's fastest punch [[ http://scienceblogs.com/notrocketscience/2008/07/the_mantis_... ] Shrimpzilla FTW ! seconded. Ruby's gem might not be perfect, but it is much more intuitive than anything python has (no idea about "pip" though) I hear you - I'm an Ubuntu user and I see usability and driver regressions with every release. I cant disable the touchpad in Karmic (could do do that in Jaunty) - bug marked as wishlist. DEC Tulip drivers have stopped working from Hardy onwards. Audio drivers dont work well on Thinkpad R series - its quite a hack to get them to work. that was good... thanks wow...thanks! Does anybody know if the eye-candy+speed advantage of E17 is still relevant, after the advent of the Clutter toolkit ? Given that the toolkit natively uses OpenGL and people can hack compositing managers together pretty quickly for it( http://wingolog.org/archives/2008/07/26/so-you-want-to-build... ), is E-17, still the "sci fi window manager" ? Protect a user from himself. I manage IT for an accounting firm and I got a few ubuntu machines - they know how to use Synaptic (and know I need to give the password). However, it is highly unlikely any of them know how to drop to single-user mode and do "stuff". One of the things that companies like about Linux - is that it can be reasonably locked down against people who typically click attachments in mails, etc. ... not against hackers. I think this is the beginning of a new era of Linux viruses. A good middle ground is search rankings - users who are "looking for a job" have their ranking bumped-up on search results (shown to employers). Not to the very top mind you (too obvious!) - but enough to come ahead of non-lookers. This way - the employers get a good result on their search for prospective hires and employees get plausible denaibility. As a beginner to lisp, I have always been bothered by the lack of standardization - especially in terms of libraries. For example, a couple of weeks back, there was an article about a python-based tool on HN (I forget which). There was a lot of opinion, however was generally about BeautifulSoup vs lxml. Coming to CL, I dont even know where to begin for XML parsing ( http://www.cliki.net/XML ). Which is why, it seems like black magic when people make amazing software (quantz, postabon) . I just get too intimidated on where to begin... it is similar to the javascript library fights that keep erupting on comp.lang.js : you ask about one and are made to feel like you should have chosen another. it goes beyond CPAN - it would have been nice to have a "batteries-included" version that packs in most useful libraries (like Python's Image, lxml, etc libraries). The very argument that choice > standardization is something I dont get - even in Rails, you have the choice of not using the default templating engine, JavaScript framework, etc. But it doesnt mean that they dont package it in anyway. This accelerates adoption, since it gets out of your way - and later when you mature as a developer, you can of course customize it wildly. It may or may not also have the happy side-effect that the quality of the packaged libraries increase, because of a much larger user-base. I'd much rather that people fork mature libraries than hack the one-millionth version of an XML library that just does 2 things. thanks... this is something really interesting Actually, I am interested to know how much does it cost to get a hardware PROTOTYPE built. Say, if I have a really cool idea about a new 3g device , how much would it cost me to get it prototyped - what happens to the intellectual property rights in that case. Is it shared ownership or do I own all IP ? Anybody have any idea about pricepoints... Here is a zshrc with almost zero switching cost - especially with the esc-backspace behavior for path deletes, setenv declarations and integration with Ubuntu's command-not-found. Additionally, it displays the version-control information of a directory (works for svn, git, etc.) http://sandeep.wordpress.com/zshrc/ Which OCR - opensource or paid? What was your flow ? Its the only GUI which supports svn+ssh . TortoiseSVN is (was?) extremely clunky in this respect. We host our repository on a Linode slice and our developers work on various OSes. Since it is Java based, it basically runs on Linux, Win, Mac. Anybody know of any other alternative ? People dont know about this - but another company in Delhi (India) : Routeguru.com, does this too. But I guess you cant beat the mothership - even with a headstart. why is it in Ruby? As opposed to, say, Clojure or Scala ? Talking of Gobo and 0install - I am surprised nobody has mentioned Nix ( http://nixos.org/ ). The aspect of Nix which is relevant to "versioned OS" is the package configuration database which can be snapshotted ( http://lwn.net/Articles/337677/ ). In this approach, the static parts of a configuration —software packages, configuration files, control scripts— are built from pure functions, i.e., the results depend solely on the specified inputs of the function and are immutable. As a result, realising a system configuration becomes deterministic and reproducible. Upgrading to a new configuration is mostly atomic and doesn't overwrite anything of the old configuration, thus enabling rollbacks. I recently wanted to install the same configuration as my Ubuntu laptop, on a desktop. The thread to list manually-installed packages in Ubuntu is huge and has no deterministic answer. Perhaps, a manager like Nix could have accorded me this flexibility. Here's something that I am using (on Ubuntu FYI) - http://www.ecofont.eu/ecofont_en.html This is the Spranq Eco Font . It's a TTF font, designed with holes (invisible to the naked eye) that saves printer ink ... they claim 20% lesser ink, I havent benchmarked my usage. The ecofont Pro is a software (rather than a font) that punches holes into any font of your choice - dunno about its compatibility with Linux/OpenOffice, so havent tried it. OK I'm confused now.. I think what the commenter meant was the cathedral vs the bazaar model of development. Would'nt FreeBSD, NetBSD, etc all be in the same boat as Linux? Granted that Linux has a benevolent-dictator-aka-linus, but that does not make it deviate too much from the bazaar model. For all its flaws, git (and github) are becoming the preferred choice of hackers everywhere - I'm not staunchly one of them yet, but I can see the charm. Git only enhances the distributed development model that all *nixes are built upon. If any, Solaris is the only counter-example to Linux - not FreeBSD. If any, Solaris is the only counter-example to Linux - not FreeBSD. >I'm not sure why you'd say that is. That was my attempt at classifying the corporate umbrella of Solaris to be THE cathedral vs the bazaar of Linux ... and, as you say, the middle ground of FreeBSD. I dont have context here, but it was very surprising to read your comment about FreeBSD being closer to the cathedral model. I was aware of GCC and Emacs being unapologetically so, but I thought BSD had a more open development model - the myriad flavors of BSD being a proof of that. anyone know what kind of development work do they need ? It would be helpful to know what are they looking for - and whether we can contribute, with our specific skillset patent infringement ? could you elaborate how - I mean, if a developer uses their API to create a product tailored around IVR, could it infringe? Or is it at the infrastructure level? what about Honda vs.... I dont know.. Detroit ? That is a good example of manufacturing companies winning on cost. hmm.. quite interesting. I wonder which scheduler did they use - cron based or roll-your-own using Erlang, Scala or something hmm.. boxee could use something like this. ActiveResource ? http://api.rubyonrails.org/files/vendor/rails/activeresource... i concur - as of now, scaling up could (but not necessarily ) mean having a captive outsourced team and capitalizing on your brand. interesting... do you think the view-first model of Java frameworks like Scala/Lift would make it more attractive ? my primary barrier is maven (I'm coming from Ruby and gems). I wonder why the sbaz (Scala-Bazaar package manager) is not the default, rather than maven. it would be interesting to see LuaJIT as part of LuaTex. Super fast desktop publishing FTW ! Linux 64-bit Sunspider benchmarks FF 3.6 x86_64: 2940 ms Chromium x86_64 : 656 ms enuff said I'm wondering the same thing too - how did they build this ? ZFS (after pool ver. 21 I suppose) has deduplication - are they building on something similar ? Partial checkouts. I used to work in the semiconductor industry, where HDL Netlists can go upto several GB. If you are in the EDA industry and you need to test your tool on a Netlist or two, you dont want to be checking out the entire test-tree. I suppose partial checkouts are critical for several other fields - for e.g. take a look at a similar request for Mercurial ( http://mercurial.selenic.com/bts/issue105 ) Message 8102: Two of the features that made it difficult to 'sell' Hg for the main SCM of FreeBSD were the lack of partial checkouts and partial history And because of the way legacy code is structured, this gives rise to issues like this one - http://jira.codehaus.org/browse/MRELEASE-457 For several use cases, this is a highly critical feature and the reason that SVN may win over finally - perhaps as SVK (svn's distributed revision control fork) The transition from cvs to svn happened very quickly, to the extent that it is now the predominant SCM. The migration tools are robust today, but they were not so a couple of years back - which is why it is even more suprising that people were willing to undergo the cvs2svn pain but are not willing to do the relatively painless 'git svn clone'. Maybe git truly doesnt suffice in a LOT of situations. +1 I think google would happily subsidize the cost of H.264 end-user licenses for the 100 million or so unique visitors that it had in Jan 2009. But I think it is going to be cheaper for them to spend a 100 million or so and buy out a top-end video codec developer and release the codec as open source.... or did they ? I did'nt know about this, but +1 to you. It would be interesting if this could be brought to Gruber and/or Adobe's attention. wow! dude.. save the earth. Choose the config with the lesser power consumption. that goes hand in hand with your package. I run only linux in all my machines - but I think that until KDE can get a decent network manager up and working or UVC webcams start working out-of-the-box, I dont see an Apple like presentation. One area in particular where iPhone web apps fall short of native iPhone apps is scrolling. This friction might make sense for regular web pages rendered on the iPhone’s small screen, where by “regular” I mean “not optimized specifically for display on the iPhone”. But it just feels slow — stuck — on iPhone-optimized apps. That was the Daring Fireball page on PastryKit I was replying to your question about why it is sometimes better to have a native app, even though you may not need direct access to hardware - user experience is another factor. Do understand that such a kind of experience may be deliverable today, with PastryKit or whatever someone else develops, but Apple can break this compatibility (which it cant do with its native SDK). A new business model may exist where developers make advertising money off free iphone webapps. It is extremely naiive to believe that Apple will allow you to deliver the same user experience by bypassing the App Store. not me - though I wrote in. Chrome/Linux works beautifully. I wonder now. in 3 years will we see a port Half Life 2's Source engine (with all its physics puzzles) on Chrome! please file a bug - this should not happen I hope what will replace Kenai will be similar to github and rubygems. That will probably mean a package manager like leiningen. There is a google spreadsheet benchmark ( http://spreadsheets.google.com/ccc?key=0AlX1n8WSRNJWdGNQME5B... ) released by one of the developers of ZFS-Fuse. Makes for interesting reading, since it confirms this benchmark. but on Linux and shows comparable results with Solaris ZFS benchmarks. And SSD + linux BLOWS everything else away http://jerakeen.org/notes/2010/01/yay-more-email-clients/ The Android GMail client is a perfect example of what a client looks like in this world. It talks to the (secret / private) GMail API, it does offline mail reading, and queues actions so you can archive / filter / whatever mails while offline and it’ll push changes later. You can read and write mail. It doesn’t try to do anything clever, because anything clever done on one client isn’t reproduced on any other client. And if I don’t have a client on my current computer for GMail, I can use a web browser, and still get all the features of the server. I use the web gmail interface for everything anyway, because it’s better than any GUI client I’ve got. I dont know - this guy makes for pretty convincing arguments on why email should be done right on the server rather than the client. Which effectively means a new protocol. reMAP claims to treat conversations as first class objects. Given suitable APIs on top, I think you could build different views on different email clients. I think what is meant by a new protocol and server innovation is a change in the data model. I do not believe they are going to dictate views. confirmed - and nowhere is this more apparent than when dating/getting married. I have seen veritable geeks give in to the (strongly family enforced) sentiment of rejecting partners from different castes - it's not so much as marrying into a lower caste, as it is about marrying into a different caste. I am seeing lesser and lesser people even knowing about the relative positioning of castes - however their cognizance of being a different caste still holds. very nice - someone who has used sup should put it up on wikipedia ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_e-mail_clients ). I see every other client - mutt, pine, etc. there Also check out Cherokee - http://www.cherokee-project.com/ - has a lot of similar features as nginx (small and fast), but also has a saner development model, public SCM, a bug tracker (!!!) and a friendlier dev team. Among the most famous sites using Cherokee are the (recently hyped) chatroulette.com and Lawrence Lessig's web properties. bug filed - https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gnome-power-manage... Could you elaborate on your setup ? In particular how does it compare to a modem feeding into a managed switch. Are you building a small-form-factor computer running pfsense (or something) with a wireless radio baked in ? same here - I just wish skype (with webcams) was better supported. For a lot of people (and businesses), that is a blocker. I managed to get a UVC webcam, but still had to get a PPA v4l repository and build some drivers. I think it is good that ipods will be supported out-of-the-box in Lucid (Rhythmbox). The same should happen for Skype. On that front, one should get rid of all the useless games and instead have : 1. a nice Twitter app 2.Scrivener-like app These are killer apps for a lot of people who use a Mac - especially the young student demographic. I used Droid for a long time and now am using Cantarell (another GPL font) for my interface... along with Inconsolata for monospace. IMHO, the UI aspect that makes the single biggest impact is high resolution icons. Take a look at the 512X512 OSX icons (or Win 7 ones) and compare them with Ubuntu ones. I think moving the top buttons is a terrible idea It is hard to think straight when one is out of a job and running on fumes for a couple of months - I do believe that most people will not think in terms of "hey this VC is not good, cos he does'nt get it". Most will think in terms of "how should I rehearse in front of the mirror, so that I knock the VC's socks off". But yes, the article is good reality check - maybe it is much more relevant on your second startup when, usually, money is relatively easier to come by. if you are clever with HN search, you will find a thread written almost a year back where a CTO talked about being sidelined by a VP-Engineering. The best thing I learned from that was, as a CTO you have to "measure everything and control the conversation" EDIT: got that for ya - http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=509571 what about avro ? http://hadoop.apache.org/avro/ "pip install avro" That is'nt very surprising for a person working the semiconductor design industry. Actually there are no AND/OR/NOT gates fabricated on a modern IC. They are all NAND gates, since they have better electrical characteristics and are Universal Gates (they can form AND/OR/NOT gates in some combination). What is surprising is that they used NOR gates - while they are Universal Gates as well, their fabrication apparently leads to poorer electrical properties. oh wow.. I had completely forgotten about RTL. Thanks for the explanation. That is actually a very valid question - anyone know the stack similar to rabbitmq server + celeryd , but built around zeromq ? upvoted.. There are so many important things that dont work - * out of the box webcam support, * remote desktop to manage Windows Server machines, * IPV6 support that doesnt slow down my browsing ( https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/lucid/+source/eglibc/+bug/... ), * something like Scrivener for linux and a bit more decent Office format support. Along with decent H.264 support, the above are some of the things that I am willing to pay for - yet what Shuttleworth does with Ubuntu is left side buttons. rdesktop works only for RDP v5.1 - that means Windows Server 2003 onwards (if they have RDP TLS enabled) cannot be accessed using rdesktop Please add support for pip - it really makes life easy. seconded - please file bugs atleast. Or help in debugging. A lot of bugs, by a lot of people, are about their particular hardware not working. Please atleast install debugging symbols/packages and submit better bug reports. Ubuntu developers dont have access to _all_ varieties of hardware. Yes, delays do happen - but help the developers in helping you. Better stacktraces, log files, even debugging-enabled-but-slow-Ubuntu helps in fixing issues. the autopackage site has no (easily) locatable links that compare it with new installation systems like 0-install, Nix. Can you comment on what advantages does autopackage have over other package managers. Correct me if I'm wrong, but all package managers are essentially cross distro - I can run rpm/yum on my Ubuntu machine. And a google search turns up .... umm.. this - http://kitenet.net/~joey/blog/entry/autopackage_designed_by_... ditto on the USB3 - I think 2011 will have a whole slew of products (most importantly, displays) based on USB 3. I think the best powerhouse laptop is the Dell M6500 with 1GB ATI m7740 or 1GB nvidia FX3800M + USB3.0 options. The worst part is that the macbook pro has a max memory capacity of 8GB, while the M6500 has a 16GB DDR3 top capacity. No brainer IMHO. is there any good non-commandline way of using git on windows osx and linux ? SmartGit comes to mind, but what are you guys using ? upvotes for zotero - unfortunately, I have moved on to Chrome and zotero dont workee in Chrome. upvoted for powerball... it should be standard working equipment along with a Microsoft ergonomic keyboard (quit typing on that laptop RIGHT NOW) and a good mouse. These exercises ( http://www.lifehacker.com.au/2009/04/exercises-that-protect-... ) also help though they are for carpal tunnel. http://mercurial.selenic.com/bts/issue105 Two of the features that made it difficult to 'sell' Hg for the main SCM of FreeBSD were the lack of Partial checkouts and Partial history Bitkeeper (the SCM that git was "inspired" from), claims good support for large binary assets BAM solves this problem with a hybrid approach. BAM adds the concept of one or more BAM servers. Each BAM server contain all BAM data, but clones of the server (work spaces) contain only that data that the user requests. Typically this is the most recent version of each binary but in some cases it may even be less than that. BAM has been successfully deployed in the game development space with great success. Game developers continue to enjoy the benefits of distributed work flow without the penalty of carrying all versions in every workspace. have you figured out how to set up the whole toolchain of scipy + lapack + GotoBLAS (or something) ? My favorite of them all is the one by JJ at Graphicology (the one with a verbose text). I think a lot of the tickets are expensive (given the large size fonts and I'm not sure but large blocks of even black ink). The one with JJ is so, so easy to understand and maintains ink cost. "mindfulness meditation" = vipassana http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=587032 but would'nt that affect even the older tickets, because section title (e.g. Seat number, etc.) would also be in english. Given the popularity of smartphones and dictionaries, I think I can punch in that text and get back a reasonable understanding of what the ticket means - rather than a non-verbose ticket with English section markings and roman numerals (no - the entire world doesnt use Roman numerals) If you take a look at that ticket again: the only data that is variable-sized, is on a separate line - viz the Full Name of the passenger. I do not think the positions of any other information would ever change - which means it would be staff friendly. what are advantages of wget over curl - warm, fuzzy feeling aside ? upvoted. This is a very valid question - the system tray imho is just a moniker for a 16x16 icon. I would want the ability to either minimize any app to a normal toolbar or dock to a system tray. The problem with having different menus for different categories is that it optimizes the use case where a person has Bittorrent, IM, music and 10 different things in the background versus a person who only has one. The person with only one background service will see unnecessary cluttering with different kinds of menus. Take a look at the forums, a significantly large number of them ask about how to remove the messaging menu (because they dont use it) In addition, I have a clipboard manager in the system-tray. Which menu does that come under ? screenshot or it didnt happen. very true - take a look at the Klassik theme combined with Skulpture. I really wish someone would make a better theme - gnome themes look so much better. Would'nt the pypy project's self-hosting interpreter be helpful for Jython ? just do try mrxvt for the terminal. it is even faster, even more configurable and has true tabs (unlike urxvt with its perl bindings) I really feel it is the best of the breed of lightweight terminals - unfortunately development has slowed, so it doesnt have full unicode support. I feel the same way as you do... until I realized that for the vast majority of consumers FM I did'nt know until you mentioned it here. Fail! upvoted. We buy our linux-based office software (we do NOT use OpenOffice). There should be more paid-for apps that are of much better quality than what's available. I believe that Linux (or some distro) should incorporate licensing/DRM into the OS itself - which you have the freedom to turn on or off. More or less, it means an app store, but indie developers will not have to worry about building licensing into their software. Go with Dell XPS or Precision laptops - they are usually fully supported by Dell and are quite good hardware (USB 3.0, 16GB max RAM) Dell has incredible compatibility with Linux - somehow a lot of Dell specific utilities have ended up in Ubuntu (e.g. firmware-addon-dell for BIOS handling, dell-recovery for creating Dells specific recover ISO, etc.) Dell's support pages have a lot of info on advanced processes (bios flashing, etc.) from Linux - http://linux.dell.com/projects.shtml Softmaker - mind you that we need it mainly for the spreadsheet, but I think the presentation software is also quite decent.Note that they dont have very good compatibility with ODF (sigh...). The license is extremely liberal. Because you need to jumpstart the paid-apps ecosystem. I am not talking about approval processes, but something more on the lines of an Android app store than an iphone one. What you get by that is : 1. signed software 2. small time developers dont have to worry about licensing 3. Distribution channel 4. Payment gateway The windows or the mac system was never built on the basis of a package management system, which Linux inherently has. Dont we _already_ have an app store in Linux? Only, there is no way for a developer to make money off Apt or Yum. upvoted for pacman. I actually have only tried arch at a friend's place, because for some anal reason Arch does not provide livecds. Only a command shell from where you must build your system up, which is quite a pain. But I have only heard good things about pacman (and it's ultra simple package format). It enables Arch's rolling releases model, which means that you are always up2date without having to go from Beserking Baboon to Chittering Chimpanzee. It is a much saner model for a stable, usable desktop system. If you can manage to combine this with a kernel update technology like ksplice, you have a super stable, updated Linux desktop without ever having to reboot (which makes the whole splash screen effort quite pointless actually) No it does'nt, but it is DRM all the same. If you were an app maker, why would you prefer a closed source DRM, than an open-source security model in the OS ? I just dont get it: everyone likes Steam, but they dont like DRM in the OS - is it something so distasteful that a computer gets tainted by built in DRM ? And then you will find someone who gets pissed off with Steam, goes looking for alternatives... and the consumer ends up with 10 different kinds of app-store software (on Windows, I have Direct2Drive, Steam and StarForce for different games) I dont know how it can be managed with a built-in DRM, but I suspect something like a PPA (Personal Package Archives) would enable everyone to self-publish their software, yet still be part of a web-of-trust model. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=809493 use pip to manage this: pip -E INST install hg-git export PYTHONPATH=$PWD/INST/lib/python2.6/site-packages At this point you can use "hggit =" in your hgrc Enjoy. Two big reasons to not upgrade - if you are on any hardware other than Intel graphics, then your experience is screwed (since opensource nvidia driver is enabled by default, for getting KMS and Plymouth to work). The problems include bad graphics, no resume after suspend, etc. Two: 2.6.32 lucid kernel has huge backported patches (especially the DRM code). IMHO, the better kernel is going to be 2.6.33 and later (what with Linus fixing really quirky issues http://lwn.net/Articles/383162/ ) hmmm.. what distro is this ? Because AFAIK, ubuntu distros (and maybe redhat/fedora even) suffer from multisecond delays due to ipv6 lookups - https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/lucid/+source/eglibc/+bug/... I thought this article had some solution to that (other than disabling ipv6, right now) - but dont think so I have a question - I am a linux user and am willing to pay a few dollars to get a patent-encumbered, high quality decoder - if it allows me to watch high def entertainment with low enough internet bandwidth expenditure. Is it that a vast majority of Linux users are unwilling to _pay_ : for content and software ? If it is as I suspect, then it could easily sound a death knell for media consumption on Linux. I wonder how much sooner would we have had Linux hardware-assisted H.264 playback (ffmpeg, vlc), if there money to be made off them. H.264 is evil for content producers - for content consumers, if (and _only_ if) the quality of H.264 >>>>>>>>>> Theora, then I can see why we would have to pay for it. I am not sure why this particular UI layout (and the infamous left-side buttons were at all necessary). There is another equally viable alternative, without all the complex re-engineering needed for "client side window decorations". let the window controls and buttons stay as they were pre-lucid. The left side button – the window control menu – will glow/shine when the application window has updated a status. Clicking on the window control button will show a drop down that has (in addition to the “To Desktop”,”Resize”, “Maximize”, etc.) an alerts subsection. Clicking on the events in the alerts subsection will behave exactly the way windicators work in the above design. Cons: rather than have all indicators in front of you at all times, you have to take the bother of clicking the window control button (or press alt-spacebar). Pros: My mother doesnt need to be puzzled about what the green shiny button is supposed to indicate, in the drop down, I can have text as well as an icon. With Chromium on linux, and ffmpeg-nonfree, this is the only player that works _reasonably_ well. Seeking is still a little borked for me and unreliable. Youtube' html5 player, jillion's player, etc. dont work reliably for me. I'm not sure whether that is chiefly due to difference of the encoded video itself. how does this compare with Beanstalk ? Just a suggestion - say if I skip ahead to the 20'th page, then Scribd will load all 19 pages and the 20'th page. That might not really be necessary and it does make the loading slower. chromium on linux - I skip ahead by clicking the small dashed bar (which has as many dashes as pages) Next time do try ZFS on Fuse (linux userspace filesystem) - I have a 1TB setup and it works quite well. You could try making a RAIDZ volume and see how it goes. Hey guys - this is a serious question : what is the alternative. Is there anything that provides 80% of the features of Wordpress at significantly higher security ? What about Textpattern ( php), Movable Type (perl+php), Expression Engine (php), Mephisto (ror), Type (ror)... what ? why would it be better than say fingerprints ? Is it the fact that fingerprints, or retinal scan cannot be cheaply integrated into a mobile phone... while this can be? So does Mercurial - Matt Mackall explained vulnerabilities (or lack thereof) in using SHA-1 http://selenic.com/pipermail/mercurial/2009-April/025526.htm... this is roughly the problem that KDE's Nepomuk (and its ontology) is tryin to solve. Though their implementation is a resource hog. Please, the needs of a multi-lingual Asian government is vastly different from, what is popularly construed, the popular choice. For e.g. Harfbuzz - the unified text layout engine for Linux. The competing technology is SIL-Graphite, which supports Smartfonts and compound alphabets. So what does Harfbuzz say ? For established scripts though, there is not much reason to prefer Graphite over OpenType. I am Indian and support this exercise - maybe 90% of it will be waste, maybe 10% wont be. Maybe finally we will have a Linux Desktop Summit in India, which is potentially the biggest market for open source software. use http URLs instead of hg:// We always (eventually) run into problems with Wikis, since we always end up with huge PDF or XLS files that we want to add to wikis. Currently, we are using Dropbox as a replacement for our wiki Is this a replacement for stuff like Python's eventlet, etc. ? I mean, if I am not building a web-app (but a network app nevertheless), does it still make sense to use Node.js ? For example, someone wrote the same example in eventlet, gevent, node.js, eventmachine, tornado and twisted. http://gist.github.com/376416 it's pretty obvious how to use gevent from your python code, how does one use node.js (without resorting to web frameworks, like Django etc.) what is the performance as compared to Enterprise Edition ? How does this compare to ActiveMerchant ? Why is git still a collection of bash scripts ? Does nobody care enough to wrap the core into a library (yes, i do know about the glacial libgit2 project) and put a Python/Ruby/Lua interface over it ? Dulwich exists, but it is not a drop-in replacement. When will I get a true platform independent Git (none of the msysgit stuff) ? I cant find the resource, but sometime back someone compared DVCS for large binary files (game assets) and saw they were absolutely inefficient .. and in several case incapable of handling large files we have selenium testcases that need to be run on IE. We need to have a revision control on windows. Please dont be dismissive of windows just because you can, some of us have to make a living. Is there a possibility/experiment, that the linux kernel be built using llvm ? As I understand, there is a lot of GCC specific code. What about Boost strings - http://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_39_0/doc/html/string_algo.ht... and RE2 for regex - http://code.google.com/p/re2/ No comments about the Lift framework ? FourSquare uses it Any recommendations about what is a good printer to buy TODAY ? -monochrome laser -zeroconf -separate print head -long lasting toner upvoted - especially the large image (one of the links on Wikipedia) that draws a graph of the "events". Ever try qBittorrent? its very light(QT + C++) and low on resource use. It was the first linux client to build support for magnet links. I like it for its excellent torrent search. It is available in more than 25 languages and is also available as a Mac client. Oh and its open source. not sure whether you knew it or not - but peer id spoofing (as uTorrent) was added because it was being banned on several trackers. Take a look at the bug to see a few examples https://bugs.launchpad.net/qbittorrent/+bug/497450 I think most private trackers allow Ktorrent and Transmission as they are considered defacto. Question - is there a bug for this on Android ? if not, I suggest someone file it (I dont have Android.. yet). There are the Indian Golkonda diamonds - they are the legendary mines from where some of the most famous and treacherous diamonds were mined ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golkonda#Diamonds ) - or the Panna diamonds, but I would be very surprised if there wasn'nt a De Beers hand in there somewhere. thank you! Since the documentation is'nt working, here's one question - is there anything similar to Leiningen for Clojure or , to a lesser extent, SBT for scala ? does using Rietveld mean that one has to use the app-engine ? I also want to present the counter viewppoint - http://arstechnica.com/business/news/2010/03/why-ad-blocking... Newspapers were dying because nobody wanted to pay for news, which they could get for free at Google News. Newspapers were told to suck it up and instead move online - to an ad supported model. No more ads. I dont think the newspapers are the bad guy here. The good laptops (often classified as gaming laptops) are made by ODMs (like Sager, Clevo and MSI) and resold by small boutique laptop sellers powernotebooks, xoticpc, etc are the ones with good reputation on notebookforums. Typically these sellers allow you to customize down to the thermal compound on the processors. The VoodooPC notebooks a.k.a HP Envy is quite good too - check out the 16GB RAM capacity for future-proofing. isnt sony the one that deliberately disables vt-x extensions ? http://levicki.net/articles/tips/2009/02/20/HOWTO_Enable_Int... Given the existence of Incanter+Clojure plus the Leiningen project (similar to R's inbuilt package management) - how does R compete? Especially considering primitive types support in Clojure - http://groups.google.com/group/clojure/browse_thread/thread/... why does it just have to be books - I can see a usecase for classnotes. Have a scanner in the hallway of your school or college - at the end of the day, scan all your notes and drop the paper in the shredder to be recycled. This would take barely 30 seconds. I use Monofur on my terminal and Anonymous Pro for my editor (distributed under the Open Font License) Anonymous Pro includes embedded bitmaps for specific sizes. http://www.engadget.com/2010/03/29/exclusive-android-froyo-t... Android Froyo onwards, a lot of system apps are going to be downloadable separately, just so that you dont have to wait for your service provider to build an OTA update for you. has the Android market opened up paid apps outside the U.S. ? how does this compare to leiningen, which i believe does a lot of similar things ? More than syntax, I think the bigger issue is "thinking in clojure". There have been far too many tutorials about Clojure-for-Ruby-users, etc etc. But the problem is that clojure _strongly_ eschews object-oriented programming. But ActiveRecord and Django ORM are (or pretend to be) object-oriented. Therefore, there is a strong mismatch conceptually (e.g. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3067261/how-does-one-mode... ). More than an IDE, there is a strong need to migrate _thinking_ from Rails/Django, etc. to Clojure. buy one that is supported by Cyanogenmod. Period. This will reasonably guarantee you that you wont be left out in the cold, when the new ubercool Android release is out. In general, I have found Cyanogen releases to be better in terms of flexibility as well (CyanoGen "Spare Parts" app) As on today, the options are Nexus One, G1/Magic, Desire, Evo, Droid, Slide, Hero (maybe only CDMA) They also have an open-source code repository for some web applications that they are trying to build. http://code.google.com/p/khanacademy/ I daresay that they could use technical help from all the web/javascript gurus out there. Wordpress. Most widely used blog engine (CMS?) in the world - only MySQL. http://codex.wordpress.org/Using_Alternative_Databases Drupal is probably one of the few PHP CMS that work with PG - http://geek.joshwaihi.com/content/drupal-7-postgresql-suppor... Harfbuzz really sucks at asian fonts because of compound alphabets ( http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&... ) SIL Graphite smartfont technology is probably better suited for this - but I dont think that anyone considers that important enough.. even though there are all indications that Asia might be the biggest market for Linux. I run a boutique outsourcing company in India - we have been working (for some time actually) for 3 venture funded startups in silicon valley. This has mostly worked because in all of these startups, we engaged through people whom we are linked to through our past professional lives - we dont do odesk or any of that stuff. What has also helped is that we try to spend a couple of weeks at the client's site, which helps us to understand the culture as much as the technology. But what was key, as I later learned, was to get the clients to interview and choose from among our employees themselves (or hire new one) run your outsourcing team just as tightly knit as you would run an offshore development team - talk to developers (not just project managers) directly and you should be fine! Also, TCP/IP stack hardening http://www.cromwell-intl.com/security/security-stack-hardeni... +1 This ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1239067 ) is a question that I posed to Ubuntu brainstorm. The font hinting and rendering patents (held by Apple/Microsoft) are supposedly expired, therefore opening up the way for Freetype to jump ahead by leaps and bounds. Maybe a little money could be spent on patent due diligence. Are you talking about complex desktop/platform games or the whole social gaming phenomenon ? Here's an interesting article by Tobolds ( http://tobolds.blogspot.com/2010/07/another-theory-of-fun.ht... ) where he describes how the Metaplace virtual environment founder - Ralph Koster - turned around, created Facebook games and sold them for a pile of money to Playdom. The question is, if indeed you are going the low-tech-but-flavor-of-the-month social games route, would you consider things like outsourcing your tech ? If yes, then becoming a small but successful game studio means that you can drop #1 off the list. disclaimer: I run a outsourcing gig, that works on social games amongst other things Drupal, Joomla, Wordpress, phpbb, vbulletin, invision power board:: Together they are 99% of online communities + personal websites. If you want to use any of them. Then it is php. I may not particularly like PHP, but to deliver projects in reasonable time, you may have to leverage PHP The question is this - suppose you had to work with not-so-great developers or, more realistically, young freshers to software development ? would agile help as compared to not having agile then ? If yes, then what is the simplest methodology (books? blog post?) that is effective ? Anybody know how will the performance be w.r.t large binary assets? Git and Mercurial are notoriously handicapped there. and in the freezer http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Right-_and_left-hand_traffic#Sa... I always believed that driving on the left-hand side was safer because, a majority of the world's population is right handed. So, you want your good hand on the wheel, when you are changing the radio or using your stick-shift. Other than for legacy reasons, right hand driving is harder than left hand. The easiest way to illustrate this is to learn to drive the stick-shift: it is easier on a left hand drive car (with your left hand on the stick-shift) rather than a right hand drive car this is something that I wish would change - not being completely tied to MySQL. Concrete5 is tied to MySQL ... Webvanta looks like Ruby ( http://www.webvanta.com/technology ), so should work fine with PG Not sure about Zotonic. With a live snapshot, doesnt MySQL performance take a massive hit ? I have seen benchmark numbers from the MySQL Performance Blog people. Could this be uploaded to pypi, so that it is available via pip ? pip install pyre2 -E /tmp/testing As for what CIOs (or CFOs) are thinking, you've got to talk to them. They (or if not them, their subordinates) belong to membership organizations. You've got to join them. It usually costs a lot of money. +1 - this is the biggest reason why it seems so difficult to penetrate these markets. Anyone have a epub version for the iphone/android ? Start with this - http://www.geniebusters.org/Riemann_intro.html and then http://www.schillerinstitute.org/fid_97-01/982_Gauss_Ceres.h... It follows Vladimir Arnold's method of re-coupling physics with mathematics as the original way of learning it... since observation of planetary physics was how a lot of mathematics was derived. It is a very, very interesting read. SandGorgon's law: As an online discussion about PROGRAMMING grows longer, the probability of a comparison involving outsourcing or Indians approaches 1, if Godwin's law has not already been satisfied swype ? it works pretty well even if you are moving about, since it doesnt depend on accuracy of position. unless used in a reductio ad hitlerum or a reductio ad outsourcedum situation, it does not apply. which IRC server do you guys use ? I have long wanted to set up an private IRC server for our workplace, but got lost in the zillions of complicated IRC server setups. Do you use it over VPN .... or have you set it up to use some kind of authentication ? It would be great if you could help. Is Calfile or ReadyReturn open source ? This would be a great asset in deploying similar systems in... say.. developing nations. doesnt every solution involving magnetic media include the need to have power sources (since HDD, USB drives need a recommended electrical power rating source). Optical media is the only way to guarantee whichever future "creatures" encounter the data, can actually figure out how to access it. If you are a blind alien (so that you do not understand the _concept of light_) you can potentially still have measuring equipment that can sense the pits in the media and make sense out of the binary data. apart from this, is'nt a pencil almost unequivocally better. Assuming you have a soft-enough lead and with the right thickness, a pencil is almost always better than a pen. Is marketing and sex appeal a large part of the charm of a pen ? For example there is no "Mont Blanc" for pencils... That's because the hetzner systems are built using desktop components, not server Opterons, Xeons, etc. are server class components, which need more expensive motherboards (typically those that can accomodate upto 64-GB RAM, 5X HDD, hardware RAID, iSCSI cards, etc.) Secondly, it's the routers/network equipment that they use - they are much more prone to downtime. webhostingtalk has a couple of interesting discussions about this. What I suggest is you take a look at the deals/offers sections of such websites and figure it out. I currently have a 2 X quad-core Nehalem with 12GB RAM, 5TB B/W and 4X500GB HDD in Raid 1+0 for $399 But I am not talking about draftsmen - the "Mont Blanc" exists _per se_ not in some specific demographic. I like penciltalk, because the other site which I have seen - davesmechanicalpencils - has good reviews, but invariably all the pencils look uncool. I am sure it's not the poor bloke's fault - rather that companies dont make pencils with sex appeal. upvoted for "golfware" Incidentally, the whistleblower protection bill was passed barely a week ago: http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/article560731.ece The place to lodge all such complaints is http://cvc.nic.in/lodgecomp.htm I would'nt be surprised if this law was invoked during the legal defense. about-the-better-car: ever heard of the Tata Nano ? 2000$ 56 miles a gallon hmm.. explicitly uses myisam engine in mysql. Not good. For a lot of countries, the green card backlog is > 7 years. YMMV The culture is bad and I'm just not able to write great software. You do realize that you could solve that by writing great software, in clojure no less, on github. You're not always going to be able to work with people with the exact same culture or skill levels. That is going to happen anytime you work at any place, including your own, where the number of people > 5 (it's my _magic_ number) So why do people leave companies ? better money and better promotions. If you believe your master's degree will help .. do it (and get the paper) (sometimes they just do it to spend six months in Phuket) I see you have not really mentioned about being an entrepreneur - maybe I'm reading too much Freud, but you need to think what you want out of the six months you wont be earning. This might not be entirely Microsoft's problem. I faced similar issues with Dell's backup/restore software for windows 7, which I multiboot with Ubuntu.Still others had this issue with HP backup and recovery manager The relevant bug is here - https://bugs.launchpad.net/debian/+source/grub2/+bug/441941 What is interesting is that Grub apparently doesnt have a problem, but Grub2 does. I got rid of it simply by uninstalling any bundled software (Dell, HP, Sony, Lenovo) BEFORE installing Linux. I sometimes think that the lack of books for Postgres is because someone is paying to keep them off the market. Every few days on pgsql.general mailing lists, there is someone asking for a good Postgresql book (the "High Performance MySQL" kind) Less books = one more tick mark for Oracle. Is this endgame Linux ? For all intents and purposes, this is the market that Linux should have. High performance *nix, highly stable, can run huge programs on it. Coming from the silicon IC design industry, there are huge IC layout tools which run exclusively on Linux. They work a lot similar to AutoCAD-like software - they do a lot of automatic layout, place-and-route, 3D design, etc. These tools run for weeks at a time on linux machines and are highly optimized for Linux. That existing market could have been so easily translated into software like Autocad for Linux. But something went wrong somewhere - probably the OS graphics API was not good enough (a frequent enough complaint for Linux)... I really dont know what. But even after a proven 4.4 billion dollar market (EDA industry market cap) for Linux based high-performance design tools, Autocad went after Mac. Knowing fully well that TCO for a Linux based system is far, far lower than a Mac based. Most commercial software for Linux is standardized for RHEL or UBuntu LTS platforms. I think stability is not the main reason - it may be perceived market or the graphics API problems that I was talking about (especially with third party drivers - nvidia and ati) seconded. I think every messaging broker needs to support the STOMP protocol now. It is cross-language and a whole lot of products are being built around the protocol, including some that wean you away from JMS (e.g.HornetQ, previously known as JBoss Messaging Server) Do join the Friends of Laphroaig As a condition of this award, we agree to pay a yearly ground rent in the sum of one dram of Laphroaig, to be claimed in person at the distillery. You’ll understand we’re not offering heritable ownership or any right to cut peat, farm sheep or extract minerals from the plot - far better to take up your right to a warming measure of Laphroaig. Upon the Leaseholder’s arrival at Laphroaig we undertake to provide a map, with adequate directions for locating the PLOT, and suitable protective clothing against Islay’s rugged weather and eccentric wildlife. suppose you wanted to build a private-messaging system for a website, where users can send PMs to each other. Would zeromq be a good candidate for that (as the backend). Would you need to use a broker for that ? what would be the best way of sending large files server-to-server ? this is a question that has been puzzling me. Is there like a library or a protocol that is tuned towards transferring multi-gb files ? OpenOffice does not even come close to MS Office .. especially for the Excel part. The problem is not that XLS(X) is a better or worse format than OOXML. The problem is that it is defacto - so if I want to be able to communicate with the rest of the business world, I need compatibility. Softmaker comes close, but not good enough. Plus now that OpenOffice's future is tenuous (oracle?), I would rather buy Office or Softmaker. When we wanted to begin a new project - our choice of SCM and forge went hand-in-hand. The big plus of hg is that it will work on all platforms - Win (yup), OSX, Linux The big plus of bitbucket is that it does not limit the number of users you can add to your project - github's paid plans limit number of users. I'm sure github has a hell of a lot of features, but we dont use most of them - what we do use, the pricing model of bitbucket makes more sense. Thanks. My bad - I frequently get confused by that. not really. The problem is the way that projects are dependent on other projects. It is especially illustrative, if you use a package manager like apt-get. Installing something pulls in tons of other libraries/dependencies. When you want to build something, you would want to build against their dependencies.. which you would want to tag in some manner. For e.g. v1.0 of ProjA needs v0.8 of ProjB and v3.2 of ProjC. A nice example is NodeJS that needs The GoogleV8 engine. Take a look at the number of changesets that are simply managing revisions of V8 inside the NodeJS tree ( http://github.com/ry/node/commits/master/deps/v8 ) In an ideal world, you could have tagged a version of NodeJS source code with a particular version of V8 (which lives in a different repository), all under the same directory structure. Add to that Jamie Oliver's TED Award acceptance talk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIwrV5e6fMY But what limit is a good limit? I might not be inclined to the same number philosophy that github forces on me. Or is Github the Steve-Jobs of revision control ? "You dont need that" What is the merb for the django world ? Is it web2py, flask, cherrypy ... maybe even pylons ? I'm kinda confused - from the homepage, it looks like Flask is Werkzeug plus some extensions. Is Armin, the great thing about Flask ? what is the equivalent of this is mercurial ? No - there are several "Android" phones. These are the ones which Cyanogenmod supports. Cyanogenmod is a community supported Android distro made for each and every phone model that it supports. My HTC MAgic (equiv. T-Mobile Mytouch 3G) is now running Cyanogenmod 6 based on Android 2.2 Most of the other custom firmware for phones are based off Cyanogenmod, rather than stock Android. Support the project financially or otherwise, and request for your particular phone. Usually, all HTC phones are supported. Recently a team won the DevDerby (" were challenged to create as usable and fully functional a program as possible in only six hours ") http://www.lmcalpin.com/post/1109835129/dev-derby-2010 They did it using the Play Framework in pure Java. Incidentally the Play framework supports Scala, but this example goes on to show that Java is'nt quite out of the game yet. Quite a few of the phones allow it (most of the HTC, the original Moto Droid, the Nexus One of course, etc.). I think even the Samsungs allow it. For some of them (early HTC, etc.) the process exploits a hole. The install process for both is the same though: install new bootloader -> choose your flavor of Android. There is nothing that I was not able to do in pubic life because of who I am, or specifically what my last name is (last names are give away your caste and geographical location). presumably except dating and marriage - which is still beholden to the very hard lines of caste. disclaimer: I am an exception to that rule - but just barely made it. You are wrong - the next billion (or two!) live next door to China, from where we are seeing the emergence of the first sub $200 (full, unlocked price) phones this month [ http://www.priceindia.in/tv/spice-mi-300-price-%E2%80%93-che... ] That price figure is going to fall way, way lower once the Android supporting Mediatek chipsets enter full production [ http://www.electronicsweekly.com/blogs/david-manners-semicon... ] I predict $100 Mediatek-powered Android smartphones by summer 2011, flooding the Asian market. That particular market is snapping at Nokia's heels as well. While its sales have stagnated, new contenders have risen very fast in the ultra-low cost market [ http://toostep.com/debate/two-year-old-micromax-becomes-indi... ] Quite a few of Woothemes/Templatic templates are available in Drupal flavors as well.. and they look to be cheaper as well. Given that I can run Drupal w/ Postgres (the DB I'm already using), its a nice value proposition. My question is - does GPU mean nvidia/ATI, or will the Intel Integrated graphics also be leveraged for these performance boosts ? I have a question - with systemd [ http://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd ], do you still need a daemonized message bus ? OSX's launchd, creates listening sockets and when it receives a connection, it starts the service and hands over the socket to the service. Given such a scenario, can you not simply work with plain-jane IPC ? care to elaborate about strong backend ? are you referring to the system architecture (DB, site responsiveness, PHP vs Ruby, etc.) ? You could use the Cream bundle for vim ( http://cream.sourceforge.net/ ) to get a more modeless, Textmate-like editor. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1712035 The distros have killed Python Just a counterpoint to "If your stuff runs in Linux, your stuff runs in Linux" No it's not - also from the linked article Not only that, but in many distros if you "upgrade" you can actually destroy base systems needed to manage the OS. Because upgrading Python is either painful or nearly impossible... Point being that it is not unreasonable for companies to expect homogeneity and focus on innovating on features, rather than supporting dev environments. In most cases, it isnt a problem, but often it turns out to be. For example, my linux machine has vm.overcommit_memory set to 0, which Redis aint comfortable with. What I notice, however, is that people dont mind when they are "forced" to work on OSX (and given free Macbooks). I wonder if it is truly standards "Nazi-ism" that people are concerned with or is it simply a case of teh shineeyy. Why dont you go one step further and offer shared NoSQL instances - for instance, Redis - which can pretty much double up for what memcached does.. but also so much more. One step even further would be, people can spin up on-demand instances of whichever NoSQL server they need - Cassandra, Voldemort, Redis, Riak... you name it. I would love to have a formal language theory class (e.g. "Languages and Lambdas: The Mathemagic of Programming" http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1524856 ) in Clojure. Hell, I would pay for it too. There is also the Rust programming language being developed by Graydon Hoare(the Mozilla Tracemonkey compiler dude), Brendan Eich (the Javascript creator) and Dave Herman (of PLT Scheme - Racket ?) http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/4009 From the language faq : http://wiki.github.com/graydon/rust/language-faq "Have you seen this Google language, Go? How does Rust compare? Yes. Rust development was several years underway before Go launched, no direct inspiration. Though Pike’s previous languages in the Go family (Newsqueak, Alef, Limbo) were influential, Go adopted semantics (safety and memory model) that are quite unsatisfactory. Shared mutable state. Global GC. Null pointers. No RAII or destructors. No type-parametric user code. There are a number of other fine coroutine / actor languages in development presently. It’s an area of focus across the PL community." that's interesting - did you evaluate something like Node.js or Clojure/Aleph for the same purpose ? Is this legit ? as in, are there enough people from the original project's lead developers in here . I am considering donating to their development fund, so was wondering if it was just an overly ambitious project going nowhere. true - it is going to especially troublesome for non-native English speakers, who wont be able to pronounce the name. Especially in Asia - is it "lee-bree office" or "lie-bree office" ? Even worse is that you cant use the word in spoken conversation, and hope they will be able to spell it correctly enough for Google to work. They are gonna search for "libr office" - which returns Microsoft Office as the top hit. Which means I cant go and ask my friends to download it. On the other hand, I am getting tired of the way that Ubuntu is focusing so much on getting its fonts right, that critical aspects like suspend/resume are broken, but not fixed. Bug 568711 ( https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/568711)... particularly nasty because it is a confirmed bug in suspend/resume that has a lot of people being affected by it - but has been relegated to medium severity and is currently unassigned. ordinarily I would agree, but there are a LOT of affected users with suspend/resume problems. Now, it might be statistically true that there are exponentially more people who are working on desktops - but there are an insignificant number of people using Ubuntu on laptops. Why this bug is particularly significant is that the bug affects people with across very different hardware configurations, manufacturer and model. Still, I grant that I do not know how does one figure out the issues with wider impact: but this particular one has 77 people marked on the "affects me" list. That is not an insignificant number (not the total number of people affected, but rather who bothered to search the tracker and then file a bug) you're absolutely right - but ugly fonts were fixable even previously. I used Droid or even Calibri from my Windows 7 install. I dont think there have been any changes in font rendering itself (which is the main cause of Linux fonts looking bad compared to Win7 or OSX) - rather, just a new font. But suspend/resume ? I just cant fix it - it is so bad that I have started believing in Linux suspend/resume being sentient ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1613621 ) Generally related to the UI, but from a technology viewpoint - this release will use Freetype 2.4 which is the first released that is not patent encumbered by Apple or Microsoft (all those patents expired in May) Though Ubuntu has always shipped with the patent encumbered stuff turned on, but I think we are going to see some interesting innovation in font rendering going forward. i am considering moving to fedora from ubuntu. one of my motivations is descriptions of better user experiences overall, plus more cutting edge stuff like systemd. morever i think i am growing more and more colored by the notion thar ubuntu doesnt really employ a significant number of core developers. does anyone have experience of the differences in the daily experience of using fedora vs ubuntu, especially for a clean simple experience, as a developer machine setup? You could use DJVU (arguably better than PDF for scanning books - supports OCR). There are a couple of scanning solutions for DJVU format. I think you are right. Here's what I think the issue is: 1. Sun invents java. 2. Sun patents several aspects - including the security model, bytecode, etc. 3. Sun open sources java and has a patent grant agreement in place if (whatever flavor of ) java passes the TCK. 4. Sun does not release the TCK as opensource 5. Apache Harmony does not comply with TCK - some weird stuff that if Harmony uses the TCK, it ceases to be opensource (might be applicable to mobile domain only). This means that it does not enjoy patent grants. 6. Dalvik uses the Harmony class library, as well as having a similar security model as Java (Patents 6,125,447 and 6,192,476). So the problem is that, indeed the Dalvik bytecode is different, but that was never part of Oracle's patent claims IMHO. The patent claims are allegedly due to Harmony AS WELL AS other stuff like security models, PACK200 Java compression scheme for DEX, etc. Side note: there is a Android fork called Sundrop which claims to be a non-infringing Android because it uses the official jvm. I disagree because it does not take care of the other patents. I dont know about that. For example if you have a curry which uses butter - eating it at cold temperatures means solidified butter which tastes different to me. It may not be applicable in the whisky case since there is no change in the state of matter. http://www.gandi.net/supports/ -> very, very interesting. how is the performance of Mono/ASP.net vs stacks like RoR, PHP, etc. on Linux ? with unlimited public AND private repositories. Mine was a predictive road traffic alert service in India. Wanted to use cell phone data along with congestion prediction to send SMS alerts about traffic jams. We (me and a couple of guys and profs from academic research bodies) started work on it - I spoke to some of the biggest VCs. I was told by all of them that people in India dont care about traffic - so it is not a problem worth funding. In retrospective, I should have stuck with it a bit more, but it was not a low-cost startup idea (most of the money would have been spent on Ph.D salaries) and maybe also have co-founders who beleived in the idea more (mine didnt). But I ended up doing a services startup, which is doing OK - 13 people now! For me the biggest problem was ending up with a lot of heads. I guess this happens when you go back to a previous commit and in-advertently starting checking in stuff - In SVN, this is prevented. I dont exactly remember how I handled this the last time around, but I think some rebase-fu was needed Or, it's like leiningen/cake for clojure. Just wanted to mention the process of registering a company in India has mostly moved online using the Ministry of Company Affairs website ( http://www.mca.gov.in/ ). The most time consuming thing is acquiring a Digital Certificate (which is how most financial filings are done in India these days), which involves in-person verification. India recently introduced Limited Liability Partnerships ( http://www.llp.gov.in/ ) which is a much, much simpler way of registering a company, especially in the software field, than anything else (most of it online) Or rather, Kleiner-Perkins http://money.cnn.com/2010/03/26/news/companies/terralliance_... Is this relevant for Rails 2 as well ? On a related question, is Rails 3 a good idea for any new projects (especially those using ActiveMerchant) .. or should one stick to Rails2 until all the plugins/gems are ported ? In which case, this tutorial is not exactly relevant (for me) right now. Very true - I'm using a Quad core E6410 (which I picked up at refurb when I was stateside). Superb machine. Better than recent thinkpads, I would say. However, I do hit the bug with ubuntu suspend/resume. I have not had problems with Dell's wireless for the past 1 year. If you are using Ubuntu 10.04 or 10.10, I havent seen a Dell laptop where the wireless wasnt out-of-the-box. the new official Indian currency symbol: the Indian Rupee Sign Ah yes.. in Gnome/GTK type "ctrl shift u 20b9" The latest release of the Unicode Standard also includes support for the ancient Indian Brahmi script that was in use during the reign of Emperor Ashoka. That's circa 232BC - of course a lot of buddhist (read - Chinese, Japanese, etc.) scripts originate from Brahmi, which was arguably used as a medium of religious evangelization to spread Buddhism from India. But I guess the language is effectively a dead language. hey thanks - we were trying to figure out between cap and fabric and your answer was of big help. Dont want to start a religious war here, but how does slimv ( http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2531 ) for vim compare ? Any chance you could post your configuration files somewhere ? (you know PHP, varnish, etc.) It'd be great to grok those. Did you guys ever read the "architecture astronauts" article that Joel Spolsky wrote ? It's pretty much about Ozzie and it aint flattering. http://www.joelonsoftware.com/items/2008/05/01.html how do you handle schema changes ? Another clojure web framework - Conjure - has rails like migrations. What do you do ? F# + Mono. F# is derived from Ocaml and you can compile Ocaml programs using the F# compiler (if they adhere to the -ml-compatibility subset) well it was incredibly informative (thanks!), but you do not have the problem of schema changes. In a traditional DB, one needs to manage addition and deletion of columns, during the development of a project. And one needs to be able to synchronize these database schema changes with the rest of the team. And it is nice to have these as incremental (yes there is the obvious waste of creating a column in one migration and dropping it in the other) Migrations also allow you to do stuff like add indexes etc to your tables and is not just a one-to-one mapping of your objects to the DB. Which is why migrations (Rails and Django's South) are so extremely helpful during development. One of the things I that was for something like Linq (Scala has something called squeryl) and you could have your database created from your objects - not optimal, but enough to start with. FWIW, ease of managing incremental schema is why Drupal (using drush and "Drupal Features" ) is one of the better PHP frameworks. thank you so much for this - right when I needed it ! - Integrate RDP 6.0 (Vista and up) support into rdesktop. It is the one thing keeping a lot of us from using Linux exclusively ( http://goo.gl/1pm8 ) This ties in with the Federal Information Processing Standards ( http://goo.gl/RKUD ) which will make rdesktop useless for U.S. government mandated connectivity requirements. - Fix suspend/resume on Linux or work towards integrating TuxOnIce/Suspend2 in the mainline. At the very least, improve DSDT debugging tools, so that non-geeks can help developers identify why suspend is not working on their desktops. http://goo.gl/oUzF - Create a SVGALIB backend to Plymouth, so that nvidia/ATI cards dont have shitty bootsplash ( http://goo.gl/1D52 ) - Fix SIL-Graphite support in Pango so that Asiatic fonts (using smartfonts) are better supported. - Fix upstart scripts for postgresql, php-cgi and a zillion other services (migrate them from the old style - it really messes up having them in different places.) - And of course, the long running IPV6 slowdown bug ( http://goo.gl/y0SN ) I once sent a mail to Linus Torvalds, requesting him to bless something like this. My justification was that corporates (IBM, Oracle, Redhat) employ kernel hackers in order to get their most wanted features into the kernel. It could very well mean the server/enterprise side of things. But how does the ordinary desktop user vote for their choice of features - maybe even through money ? It would have been nice if he could have backed something like, a StackOverflow for opensource bugs/feature requests with payment integration. Didnt hear back though! Photoshop's power = macros and actions (IMHO there are commercial outfits producing actions for Photoshop) I have yet to see a web based design tool that has a good macro system - even basic ones (like auto align, increase/decrease font size, etc.) are missing It's like telling someone who uses emacs to go and use gedit. thanks a lot ! how does one handle rate-limiting : I mean what is the back off method that Twitter approves ? I have an app that pulls data from the Twitter streaming API, filtering on a keyword. Suppose, I start getting rate-limited errors (I guess any response code other than 200, means that you are getting rate limited). Can I still keep pinging Twitter - and when the 60 minutes are up, will the tweets start coming in again ? Or can I sleep for exactly 65 minutes and hope that everything will be fine again ? then why does Dell work ? Do you use STL then ? Because, that was pretty much the only reason I started using C++. Or do you write your own containers do you have a blog ? seriously, this was a superbly informative rant. Gift certificates? e.g. Indiaplaza will this supersede hadoop ? Muay thai for sheer conditioning - you need to start ignoring the pain. Like real life for instance. There is Chromodoro plugin for Chrome (not very useful unless doing web work) Pomodoro Timer applet for Gnome ( http://linux.softpedia.com/get/Utilities/Pomodoro-Timer-5582... ) RsiBreak for KDE ( http://www.rsibreak.org/ ) Pomodoro Tasks for Android (currently using) as is this article - http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/3726 We propose developing an R-like language on top of a Lisp-based engine for statistical computing that provides a paradigm for modern challenges and which leverages the work of a wider community. - Ross Ihaka (co-developed the R statistical programming language with Robert Gentleman) and Duncan Temple Lang (core developer of R) I am really interested to know the management practices in place at Apple that enable this kind of a personal reaction to even be possible. It simply cant be that Steve is a very conscientous person (which I'm sure he is) - but also that the infrastructure in Apple allows this. I run a 13 people shop and I know I will get to a point where I will not be able to look at individual bugs/questions, etc. What kind of triggers, tools and techniques make it possible for an issue to be filtered up the hierarchy ? Or is it simply because of the any-employee-can-mail-holy-Steve-but-god-help-you-if-it-was-unimportant policy? could you put up a doc or something explaining the difference to chroot jails ? because you mention: . CDE runs packaged programs in a sandbox similar to a chroot jail, but truly malicious applications can circumvent this sort of isolation attempt. Do you use similar techniques to chroot - essentially I am asking whether your code is basically chroot (in terms of its behavior AS WELL AS its internals) with some security features removed ? i'm not able to dig it up right away - but just a couple of days back there was a blog post by someone who gave a long, very comprehensive listing of topics that take you all the way from basic to postgraduate level math. It was organized in a dependency graph kind of way. [ with 200$ 10.1' android multi-touch devices e.g. http://goo.gl/S5JHs (I would suspect that wholesale costs would be closer to 100$). ] For seeding 10000 restaurants, you would barely need a million and half dollars (not counting android app development). I daresay that you could make the interface close enough without infringing on copyright issues. The key is to lock down a hardware manufacturer who can supply the devices with a low failure rate. hmm.. out in India, this was pretty much the best livestream I have ever watched. Someone is doing a good job anybody know a ubuntu ppa for this ? in ubuntu, the config used to compile the kernel is available at /boot/config-`uname -r` copy it to the source dir and name it as .config Rich Hickey of Clojure ( http://groups.google.com/group/clojure/browse_thread/thread/... ) Matt Mackall of Mercurial, before it was acquired ( http://selenic.com/pipermail/mercurial/2010-April/031543.htm... ) I concur with your distaste for the domain name (@prateek - no use garnering such animosity. Just drop the name and pick something else - desihacker.in is available. you might even get some good press.) But having a local technology discussion group might not be all that useless - let me explain. There are other hi-tech communities in India, similar to HotHardware or Extremetech which are hugely popular in the community (e.g. http://www.erodov.com/forums/gigabyte-ga-x58a-ud9-review-ln2... ). So this is not something that is of unproven relevance. India has a chicken and egg problem in terms of programming intellectual prowess. The community is driven primarily by that which can lay down your daily supper - Java/JSP/VB/ASP . By virtue of the existing tech leadership pool , most innovation is driven from the west. And it takes a long time before the community takes root in India. I blame the community for it. For instance, it would make far greater sense for the Linux community to try and hold their top level conferences in India - which could very well be their biggest customer base (the west is lost to the fruit seller already). Did you know Dell, HP, Lenovo, etc. sell laptops with Ubuntu/Freedos preinstalled in India (off the shelf) ? Point being, I think India does need a sunrise period for its technology community to be shepherded in. Hacker News is definitely too advanced in its expectation of the community for... say a fresh-behind-the-ears college student in India. This community might also be too Yank in its vernacular. Yes, there are a lot of Indians around, but we are all comfortable with the vernacular, prefer it even. That is definitely, definitely not true for most Indians who might feel completely alienated (especially the younger ones) For all the other Indians, torn between feelings of loyalty and betrayal, I encourage to search out and mentor the fledgling community back home - they need your help so that eventually they can come here and start flaming! MySQL only Which is why I'm still using Oyako ( https://github.com/briancarper/oyako ) Opera exists on the basis of the superb mobile browsers - Opera Mobile and _especially_ Opera Mini. (there was a previous post about this http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1882753 ) In India, where smartphone penetration has just started, pretty much Opera Mini is defacto here. Especially with the cheap, underpowered Chinese smartphones which come pre-installed with Opera Mini. In fact, a significant percentage of Nokia phones out here are preinstalled with Opera Mini (or Opera Mobile). I'm pretty sure there is a per-device licensing that is making money for them. Funny that you mention Tapestry 5 and Howard Lewis Ship. I was recently looking for a fast, stateless, Java based web framework (I liked Stripes, but eventually had to settle for Spring). I came across this SO question: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1303438/why-did-you-stop-... Why did you stop using Tapestry? Because Howard Lewis Ship is a liar. Lots of reasons but the main one was breaking compatibility between v3 and v4. Just when we solved all those issues v5 came out and broke backwards compatibility again! Just couldn't go through that again. Ideally, I would like to have a lean version of maven+jetty+spring to implement a web framework.. which should also be deployable to more heavyweight containers like JBoss. I havent figured this part out. Maybe Stripes is the way. There is already "archlinux" which is a rolling release distro. But this would be a killer feature if Ubuntu can pull it off. I think there needs to be a fundamental difference in packaging philosophy to achieve this - for example the "-dev" being packaged separately will now need to go IMHO, etc. umm.. no. I mean the headers and link libraries(e.g. mysql and mysql-dev). This is an opinion - frequently development libraries, header files, etc. are dependent on kernel versions, glibc, etc. More so than binaries themselves. At the very least, a rolling release will change your kernel and glibc. Which means unless your header packages change in tandem, they might cause incompatibility problems. It is less of a technical issue and more of a workflow one - would you want to handle the explosion of support requests similar to "I have mysql 5.1 but my PHP client does not connect to the DB.... oh crap, I forgot I have mysql 5.0 headers. heyyy, what gave you the right to upgrade my mysql ?" If you go with the notion that disk space is cheap (and indeed packaging headers and dev libraries would be not too expensive in terms of disk space ), there is really no real reason to separate them both. What is the meaning of SNAP has a re-architected display model and backend based on Cairo evolving toward COLLADA over time. COLLADA looks like an XML based digital asset interchange format. love tarsnap, but seriously... someone please make a web-gui (you can paste your ssh keys in a webpage a la github) or atleast a java gui. It does get to be too painful sometimes. wonder if there are similar templates for LibreOffice ? I wouldnt mind paying for something like that I was not trying to propose a "better" way - my understanding of tarsnap's security is deeply limited. Yet, I love how it is exposed as a scriptable command. In my (very) limited knowledge - I am able to do retrieve backups on my machine using my key, which I supply to the command line. I was thinking of how it would work in a web based environment. Perhaps I could copy paste my key into a textbox, and I could retrieve my backups from a webpage. This would only last for the session (tarsnap would not store the key). I know that you can think of a million ways that this can be exploited, but that is MY cross to bear. If I am prepared to do this, because I need immediate access to my backups from another machine - then please let me do this (basically, give me a way to access and create my backups in less than two steps). I personally do believe that this would be a killer feature. I invoke SandGorgon’s law of outsourcing analogies As an online discussion about PROGRAMMING grows longer, the probability of a comparison involving outsourcing or Indians approaches 1, if Godwin’s law has not already been satisfied hmm.. this is interesting. Someone once quoted that India is the only ex-Commonwealth country (including Canada AND the UK itself) that has the most iron clad constitutional guarantees on free speech. I'm not sure how accurate that is though - India has on occasion banned books (like Salman Rushdie's work) to prevent potential civil unrest. But there are similar precedents in the USA. hmm - I wonder what would happen if this was brought to the attention of 4chan ? AS Godwin's law itself clarifies: Godwin put forth the sarcastic observation that, given enough time, all discussions—regardless of topic or scope—inevitably end up being about Hitler and the Nazis. Question - if they had been using a DVCS which checksums every commit, would they have been safer ? Presumably, you could build a tool that stores a list of checksums and if you had to do a restore, that tool could validate the backup. Or is it that, with a little effort, DVCS' can be hacked/corrupted fundamentally ? agreed - but my question still stands: Take SVN for instance - if I managed to hack into a SVN server, can I change the source code (under SVN management) in a way that would be undetectable ? Repeat the same question for git, mercurial and CVS. For CVS and svn: you can hide it until someone actually looks at the relevant code. For git: not really I don't think DVCSes help much here. Those statements sound contradictory. Let me try to understand - the distributed aspects of DVCSes would not have helped here. But the incidental fact of checksums in DVCSes (maybe necessitated by the nature of "distributed") does help. Right ? Somehow it reminds me of Neal Stephenson's Diamond Age ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Diamond_Age ). The Primer is intended to intellectually steer its reader toward a more interesting life, and grow up to be an effective member of society. The Primer also reacts to its owners' environment and teaches them what they need to know to survive and grow. cyanogenmod any ? http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/forum/33-google-nexus-one/ (Forums currently down because everyone must be flocking there) I'm not sure what you mean by that, because CM is as custom as it gets: https://github.com/CyanogenMod It even adds a new "Cyanogenmod settings" to your settings panel where you can do stuff like alter cache size, etc. CM removes the default launcher and replaces it with the ADW launcher. CM also incorporated the AAC+ bug fixes much before Google. In conjunction with the DroidBasement overclocked kernels ( http://droidbasement.com/db-blog/ ), I have my ole MyTouch 3G performing better than stock 2.2 Could you cite why you say that it is impossible to "to do a custom build with the same qualities as the google provided one" ? ahh.. i wondered when that would come along. I had a thought that relevance should be computed like a "stream database", but with an index rather than a data store behind it. Maybe something like Streambase - but written in Clojure - on top of the lucene index. Take it one step further, where the entire index is expressed as s-expressions (i'm a bit out of depth here) - you can basically write a mapreduce job on the index. However, I'm not so sure that computing relevance can be parallelized - i.e can it be broken down as opposed to be computed as a global problem ? whoa - just in time. My wife has been working for the past couple of years as a copywriter for a top notch ad firm in India. She has been wanting to switch careers into design and has been looking for a college program that will give allow her to transition into it. I'm not sure if this is the place for it, but I'm extremely interested in knowing about the entry requirements (read through the website already), the class composition and what next after this course ? Plus, the prospectus isnt clear about what exactly do they teach. could i get in touch with you ? my email is in my profile - i couldnt find yours Also wanted to plug "Shen" here, an offshoot of the lisp-based Qi language. Shen is VM agnostic, so it will run on Python, Clojure, etc. Javascript is its first target. Here is the appeal by its creator - Mark Tarver (and Carl Shapiro) http://www.lambdassociates.org/Shen/appeal.htm or http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1921347 The qi syntax was previously posted on HN : http://www.lambdassociates.org/Book/page000.htm Are you planning to do do anything other than Wordpress ? if yes, then may I suggest Drupal. Drupal 7 is already gearing up to be an amazing framework and it is a seriously untapped market. I have lost count of the number of times people have asked on IRC about a Thesis like theme framework for Drupal (Acquia is not quite it). Another popular request is an admin theme for Drupal that is geared towards people used to Wordpress (me included). There is no way to design a solution to an internal debate. Nor should that debate be passed along for your customers to suffer through. I'm gonna file that away Robert Love @ Google ( http://robert.love.usesthis.com/ ) - author of Linux Kernel Development and ex-Ximian developer. Laptop (though admittedly non-coding) - Macbook Pro. 'nuff said. are you gonna put up your code ? It would be interesting to see how to think through building a crawler (as opposed to downloading Nutch and trying to grok it) I think that is to prevent money laundering. How about a special mention for non-US contestants. take that one step further. Currently an Ubuntu system depends on bash, ash, perl and python scripts for various tasks - booting up, init, etc. Take one scripting language and use that completely. Not an easy task, since you will have to do stuff like have a perfectly compatible PCRE library, etc. have you looked into using Cascalog/Clojure with hadoop ? on opera mini-Android, the browser hangs. Which is quite surprising, since Opera Mini pre-processes pages. another request here. Sorry to hound you, but digging that up would be awesome. The Ubuntu documentation could use some help. In my place, I sort of enforce pair-programming for about 2 weeks before a deadline. Basically at crunch time. I basically believe that crunch time increases the probability of errors by orders of magnitude. Secondly, as the author mentions, that is the time when gaps in knowledge need to bridged over... at the expense of personal ego if need be. For a short, intense period of time - pair programming can produce the same benefit as code + code review, without taking as much time. Plus code review has an inherent context switch (for the reviewer) that is even worse during a crunch time. Can the reason also be lack of forced obsolescence? I have a HTC Magic (also known in the US as a Mytouch 3G). It is a first generation Android phone. I thought about upgrading recently and was beginning to look around. What I did instead was to download the latest version of Cyanogenmod (and contribute some of the money saved to the project). I can actually say that I am putting off upgrading for the second half of 2011. Has the Android space become synonymous with Windows XP ? Because I now see people upgrade phones to play Angry Birds (which I cant on my phone). IMHO, a large upgrade happened in the PC world around the time Doom3 and Half Life 2 were released - so instead of people lining up for Android phones, they instead line up (figuratively) for the next killer game ... it would still be a solid reflection of the platform. open source and not locked to the mac hardware ? interesting point - I think people who "donate" do it out of gratitude rather than creation of entitlement. By virtue of that, the complainers are less likely to come from the actual donor list. My empirical evidence comes from the Cyanogenmod Android project - where "when can I haz gingerbread" or "this sucks - why arent you spending enough time fixing " is always from non donors. NOTE: it is easy to see this trend on the CM forums, because your forum handle displays whether you are a donor or not. That I think is an easy way to lower the credibility of flamers (something that isnt possible on Clojure Google Groups). But then again, maybe that in itself give rises to the expectation that "if I donate, I can flame". I havent seen it happen on the CM forums though. on similar lines - P90X works great. scala != functional programming http://enfranchisedmind.com/blog/posts/scala-not-functional/ It does have functional programming constructs though Clojure is a much better candidate for FP on the JVM. why do you need an I7 in the first place ? I think it is because of two reasons: high-perf single threaded applications and high-perf multi threaded applications. The first is stuff like games : in fact some of the biggest consumers of the top-end CPUs are enthusiasts for games. Which is why these processors have all the nice overclocking features built in. Photoshop is another target market, but it is slowly moving towards multi-threaded. Where games are concerned, I see that games from 1999 are still the most popular selling games http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/ewzoa/1999_game_stil... (Minecraft anyone?) . Plus gaming is changing towards newer haptic stuff - and this is without going into the argument that PC gaming is dead. The second is stuff like rendering, compilation, etc. : stuff that distributed computing already addresses. There are already startups that are doing PAAS on ARM powered low-power servers. nVidia has announced a desktop version of the ARM architecture, coupled with its graphic engine. In this world, I seriously think that X86 is losing its relevance. finally ! my email is in my profile - rather than trying to set up one large meet up, I up for several smaller ones (or one-on-ones!). Just mail me, and lets do coffee or beer (which tend to be very noisy in India). hmm.. i'm not sure why Sandbar ( https://github.com/brentonashworth/sandbar ) is not being used. I think it adds support for SSL as well ( https://github.com/brentonashworth/sandbar/wiki/Authenticati... ). ordinarily, I wouldnt reply to this - but this potentially affects my business, so here goes: You dont need to be a good programmer to build a great software business. There are innumerable instances of non-programmers building great business. And especially while churning out your MVP, you could do much worse than outsourcing your product and instead, driving sales. There is a bloated sense of elitism in writing your own code - while I certainly subscribe to "once a geek, always a geek" personality, the insistence that the CEO/CFO/CXO should be a coder is not entirely healthy. I run an outsourcing business and our first few (and currently one) customer are Silicon Valley startups, some of which got acquired in the course of time. And we are not expensive - the lowest we have gone is 1/3rd the silicon valley salary rate for a 10 year experienced engineer (this was when the project was large enough). As far as India is concerned, I have had an interesting discussion with @plinkplonk over here - India has orders of magnitude more people and engineers than most other countries. So yes, there is a high signal-to-noise ratio to finding people... not unusual in any large economy. When comparing skill levels to countries like Eastern Europe, I will admit you have a better chance of finding good engineers there, just because you need to be very good to be able to make money like that. [[ Read what I just wrote AGAIN - I didnt say europeans are better than indians in general. I said YOU would have a better chance at finding them in a smaller place.]] I wouldnt presume to go and tell you how to go and find your employees/outsourcing partners, but remember this: At the end of the day, India has a huge talent pool - in this day of an overheated Silicon Valley/NY job market, how do you go about leveraging this talent pool ? Use the fact that a good Indian salary is a fraction of American salary - these are the same people who migrate to silicon valley and pull a Vinod Khosla or Ram Shriram. There is no real truth to the fact that cheap==poor when exchange rates play to your advantage. good question - and the answer to that is the way we got our first customers. We used to do two weeks of work free and if they still wanted to work with us, the 2 weeks get retroactively billed. These days, we have a sufficiently low walk-away penalty for the initial weeks. We never lost a customer.. and we did work with non-technical, although smart, people. egad - please take a 100 upvotes from me. I have actually offered to pay money (it's on a bug somewhere on launchpad) for the suspend/hibernate issues. I'm not sure if Fedora fixes this, but if yes - I'm all over it. I'm HATING have to shutdown and restart. how do the various package managers for .NET stack up ? but its not about running power - its about cooling costs, which IMHO makes up the bulk of a data center's expenditure. I'm not sure if there has been any innovation in this area (shut off power AND cooling for certain areas in the data center) I dont think it works that way - in centralised cooling spaces, they have to keep their cooling machines running. So, it costs the same whether you are generating that amount of heat or not. To cut down on cooling, you need to architect your farm to have smaller, independent cooling systems. However, your system must also be architected such that weird things like "only machine is active in my cooling cluster, so I cant shut down the cooling for that area" cannot happen. I'm not sure if things like that have been solved. So is the case with most asian countries. So I asked around - why arent you using Libreoffice ? 1. Most cases - excel support is lacking. Yup, they did google for "cheap office" and try out OpenOffice. 2. Local language support - nobody really has it. But Windows (not just Office) has nicer ways to find and install fonts. Oh and the name "libreoffice" is REALLY, REALLY not working out in Asia. Even for english speaking ones. Asiatic scripts (especially China and India) need smart fonts - http://www.linux.com/archive/feed/52884 However, the default font technology in most open source stacks is Harfbuzz and not SIL Graphite. The attitude towards graphite can be summarized thus ( http://behdad.org/text/ ): This allows for developing fonts for minority scripts and languages without having to update the engine first. For established scripts though, there is not much reason to prefer Graphite over OpenType. And by minority scripts we mean 1/5th of the world's population, the two fastest growing economies and open source friendly governments. It's not a question of understanding the meaning of "libre". Its about the pronounciation. I used to be able to tell people to go and download "Open Office" and they remember. Phonetically, if you use "Librii Office" - they dont. "Libr Office" they dont. I am not sure why - but I have spoken to dozens in India (accountants, lawyers, etc.) and the name just doesnt have recall. Libre also is not a Commonwealth English word. I'm sure everyone came up with that name with a noble intent - but it simply isnt working in India which is extremely Anglicized as compared to most other Asian countries. That name really needs to change. On a curious note - in the U.S. have you spoken to a non-geek, say your pizza delivery dude, and have brand recall of "Libreoffice" ? yes - for good suspend/resume (in laptops), multiple monitor (hot plugging and unplugging doesnt work as well as Win 7) and.... Steam. yes - please. I wrote about it previously : http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2129846 Not sure where you are from, but this definitely doesnt work in Asian countries. completely agree - this is wow stuff. God I wish all software on Linux looked like this. Especially language support (clojure) for example. Not able to use one for Clojure (the one for Go works fine) - could you please check https://github.com/franks42/clojure.tmbundle/blob/d0b6baa893... This is not entirely true - in the U.S., Paypal does ask for a SSN for large transactions, etc. India's equivalent KYC (know your customer) norms for using the PAN card are not followed. This is more of an anti money laundering thing than anything else. And in India's case, it is more often than not used to fund terrorist cells. NO - 3D secure is not good for the customers. the system has no safeguards for vulnerabilities like man-in-the-middle,etc. attacks. Yet it gives credit card companies, the right to deny chargebacks to customers (whose credit card was stolen/hacked) because they can now wash their hands off the matter ("hey only the customer knew the second password... he must have been careless with it, not us") Not switching back until I see Linux on an equal priority to Windows (even XP !): https://wiki.mozilla.org/Firefox3/Firefox_Requirements#Platf... http://news.slashdot.org/story/11/01/16/0657240/Why-Linux-Lo... P.S. Other browsers, supported by commercial entities, can be excused for doing this. Not Firefox. hmm - you need to go to 1799$ before you end up with a half decent graphics card and 2199$ for a decent card. Compare it with a Dell XPS 15 Sandy Bridge - $1049 for i7 2620M, 1920X1080 display, nVidia GT525 Optimus card, HD Camera. For a first time possible mac buyer (me) - is it well justified ? very true - my mistake. I could, however, be very much on the mark - if we account for the frequent coupons that Dell puts out. this is not a rhetorical question - would you say that a similarly priced Dell warranty cover (what we call CompleteCover in Asia: it includes accidental damage protection) is worse than a walk-in Apple Genius support ? Dell's coverage is usually next day onsite. I asked this previously on SO - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3121385/is-it-possible-to... What is the difference between OSX services and Unix pipes ? Could something like OSX services be built trivially on Linux ? Maybe my question was framed wrong. If I ask about how a OSX-like services framework may be created, what is the answer ? For example, there are OSX services that remove spaces from text or even summarize paragraphs. IMHO, some of them are contextual - some services only show up as active when you copy a URL, etc. They seem pretty nifty and I always wondered why Linux doesnt have something like this. thanks. FYI - My question changed from the similarity of pipes and services to just thinking about how something like services could be implemented on Linux. I did take a look at GnuStep Services, but is it the way someone would have done, if starting from a clean slate ? Powershell has a "pipeline" as well which works at object level. Again, it may not be the same thing as pipes or services implementation-wise, but it is conceptually relevant. do you know how it compare to Insanity - I'm especially interested in the Tabata interval angle. is it possible for you to mention, how you went about doing this ? technology stack, algorithmic approach, etc. thanks for the list ! http://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/development-process/ Esp. take a look at section 2.7 ( http://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/development-process/... ) question - does stuff like VNC (which also works on windows) not suffice ? hmm.. but what about Xzibit - a per window VNC app ( https://github.com/tthurman/xzibit , http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLyjz2BuoEg ) I think it is basically sponsored by Collabora I'm not sure if that will do any good - you see Blackberrys are killer on messaging not apps . The answer to the Blackberry question is more server-side than client-side. I know your point was enterprise IT, but allow me to illustrate with a consumer example. The same reasoning applies. Here in India, I see most of the hip young crowd carrying Blackberrys. Note that unlocked, grey-market iPhones are available in India at not-too-deterring prices. But Blackberrys are defacto, and all you see people doing is message, message, message. We have some of the rock bottom rates on calls and SMS - yet you can buy a fixed-rate Blackberry messenger subscription at nearly every service provider in India which lets you do unlimited group messaging (irrespective of domestic or international). I think you can also group-message a certain number of multimedia items. Now that is something that not even Apple has cracked. The system is seamless. The only competition to Blackberry in the hip-messaging market will come with the Facebook phone which will seamlessly integrate the mobile angle to the Facebook Messaging platform. R.I.M can only be broken by the final integration of Google Voice, Gizmo5, Slide/Disco and some form of video chat into Android. The notification-bar on Android is simply custom built for messaging notifications. is there a reason why most of these color schemes (including solarized), have a very low contrast for comments - making them difficult to read. I personally use the desert colorcheme ( http://hans.fugal.net/vim/colors/desert.html ) this is interesting - colorscheme as a reflection of programming philosophy. I actually tend to read (and write) comments a LOT. Which is why, I simply am not able to use any colorscheme that tries to hide comments. Can I receive postbacks using this ? Explanation - as usual, my company works on a shared LAN which goes through a single internet connection. To test some applications, we have to be able to receive postbacks (on our developer machines) through 3'rd party services. The best way we found was to have an OpenVPN server running somewhere. Each developer connects to the VPN server and receives a private IP-address. All postbacks go to the VPN server and are then routed through nginx to the correct developer machine (on the private IP address). VPN is a pain to setup and configure - can something like this be used instead ? The question really is - how does nginx forward requests to the correct developer machine. looks awesome - thanks ! I suppose we will sign up sooner or later - 10 Euro isnt too expensive. until very recently, the SVN repo was not made available to the public. AFAIK, there is still no bug tracker. Dont get me wrong, I have several production sites on nginx - but the development methodology makes me very nervous. Cherokee has some of the same objectives as nginx (fast and lightweight) and has a very open development process. Plus, the Cherokee Market is very cool ( http://cherokee-market.com/ ) ! Are you, basically, referring to CSS grid frameworks ? Even if you are not - dont they accomplish the same thing ? I have used Namecheap's customer service (my fault entirely) and it has been super excellent. They usually have a turnaround time of a few hours and are 24X7. They also have a forum where you can request for specific features - a couple of months back I posted requesting for account management pages to be made HTTPS.. and now they are. Dunno if the post made a difference. However, their branding is stupid: I cant get my clients to register their domains on anything called "cheap" - especially corporate ones. I suggest gandi.net in that case. Authorize.net's AIM gateway also allows the flexibility to authorize now and capture later - without the webapp needing to store the credit card info. Pretty nice if you want to do things like "we'll bill your credit card only when item ships", etc. This is how you can invoke jruby from inside Spring http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/2.0.4/reference/d... Or you can use warbler to bundle your ruby app into a deployable WAR file: http://caldersphere.rubyforge.org/warbler/ If you do manage to get it working, it would be great to have a blog post on it. Lift is a stateful framework - so YMMV based on your application requirements. This is deliberate and has some engineering rationales behind it. Play! is stateless. Both have great communities - Lift has a slight edge in mindshare because of Foursquare. Yes - which is why what webapps do is only authorize AND charge when something actually ships. Most payment gateways (including Authorize.net's other products like SIM) support this workflow. The reason is because, to do something like AIM or CIM, payment gateways need to store CVV numbers as well, resulting in a very expensive level of PCI compliance. I'm not extremely well versed with fraud semantics, but IMHO placing an authorize on a card reduces the risk of fraud, refusing to pay, etc. I have said this before and I'll say it again. Libreoffice is a terrible name because it is unpronouncable ESPECIALLY for non-native english speakers. This is not an untested axiom, it is a reality that I face. Most people understand even a highly accented "open office". OTOH, listen to these vastly different pronounciations of libre : http://www.forvo.com/word/temps_libre/ http://www.forvo.com/word/libre/ In addition, the first 3 pages of a google search for "free office" does not turn up libreoffice (the first hit is OpenOffice). I'm sure this can be fixed with a bit of SEO, but I'm afraid TDF isnt thinking about its target demographic: non techies. native english speakers - by which I mean USA, Canada and UK - know what libre means. It's like the word "bazaar" - even if you say "baajaar", you will get most Indians to understand the meaning. close to 90% asians will not even know the meaning of Libre even if you write it down . Please understand, I am not debating the relative merit of using the word "open" as opposed to "libre" as a branding exercise - people just dont know what libre is. agreed - but the problem is two fold. I can say ubuntu to a person on the street and they remember it, because the word is phonetically easy. Libre isnt. Again, this is not about branding - "libre" is a word that is extremely difficult to pronounce, read and remember for a lot of asians. its the "BRE". LibOffice would be infinitely better in terms of pronounciation. Please do - I have been following electronic music for a few years now (DI.fm subscriber, head-fi) and never knew about this stuff. Arrandale chipsets (Core i5 and i7) have suspend resume issues with the intel graphics chipset. This affects systems like Dell Latitude. ( https://bugs.freedesktop.org//show_bug.cgi?id=28739 ) The fix is available in kernel 2.6.38 ( Ubuntu 11.04 is 2.6.37) I run Ubuntu 10.10 with a PPA 2.6.38 kernel to get around the problem. Please note this problem is at the kernel level - going Fedora will not help. Ubuntu is more or less the only OS I use currently - sleep/suspend/resume issues still exist. I do hope they integrate projects like TuxOnIce, etc. into the mainline - I would gladly pay couple of hundred dollars to have working sleep/resume on Ubuntu laptops. Considering that Dell, HP, Lenovo, Acer, Asus would have about 15-20 models at one time (considering the motherboard + wireless), I'm surprised there is no third party company providing supported Linux - for companies like KSplice, this could be another line of business. true - my mistake. Although you should also know that 2.6.38 and 11.04 has a mysterious power management bug that increases laptop battery usage significantly. http://phoronix.com/forums/showthread.php?48656-Mobile-Users... All said and done, IMHO it's not worth upgrading to 11.04 right now. Here's something that I have been curious about - the biggest perceived disadvantage of git is that it is not written in a single language - this leads to the problem that it is more difficult to set up on Windows than mercurial. Isn't this a problem that is easily solved ? I mean Github is a pretty large company built on top of git. I know that Github is sponsoring work on libgit2, but JGit is pretty good as well (and so is the pure python implementation - Dulwich). Would it cost too much for Github to sponsor a bounty to make a pure python/ruby/java based implementation and keep it in sync with Junio's git ? Though it is not the intention, I'm pretty sure if you had a 100% Github-supported Dulwich git... it would be very hard for mercurial to stand up as an alternative. Which is why it is hard for me to understand why isn't such an obvious business lead being taken advantage of. I genuinely want to understand whether it is a very hard technical problem - which will make me respect Linus even more. I have a naive question - why would I not use something like ZeroMQ for messaging ? I completely understand the need for JSON when you are communicating with the frontend/Javascript. But if you are doing backend messaging, would you not rather use ZeroMQ (which comes with its own protocol). From what I understand (from previous HN posts), it is super fast and handles binary data very efficiently. I also understand that you can tune stuff at the OS level to wring the last bit of performance from ZeroMQ. P.S: yup, it is written in C, but all bindings apparently work very well. Here's my specific doubt - my application uses arrays, maps, lists, etc. Can I not use zeromq to send these data-structures as binary data rather than serializing them to JSON ? seriously? What do you think Android is - and its not just the kernel. I have a working userspace on my phone. In fact, when I have spotty connectivity, the first thing I do is fire up the terminal and do a ping/traceroute. Gnome != Linux. nope. You have the NDK which allows you to use native code in C/C++. Python for Android is built using C/C++... not Java. unlocked phones != unlocked bootloader. "unlocked phones" mean that you are not restricted to using one service provider and you can just change your SIM cards to subscribe to a new service. But this still does not mean that you can change the operating system of your phone hardware. This is the bootloader. Unlocking the bootloader gives you to freedom to flash community developed Android variants. HTC's commitment is to unlocking the bootloader - not the service provider SIM unlock (though you might be able to do so - however they are NOT the same thing) I think the problem space is different. Power hungry processes and mobility are usually mutually exclusive and IMHO, they should be. The win in this case is not mobility, but portability I envision that we will see Crysis on mobiles in a couple of years, but that will be in conjunction with a dock - which will not only connect the mobile to a HD display - but also keep feeding it power and optionally cooling it. When removed from the dock, the game will ideally switch to a low poly mode, where it no longer is gonna exercise the GPU+CPU to its max - thereby saving power. question - does JRuby follow the same versioning and release cycle as vanilla Ruby, including Rake, Gems, etc. Essentially, what I mean to ask is if this kind of breakage is expected in JRuby anytime soon. If you can - could you elaborate some more on DB interaction from Clojure. For example I dont completely understand There are no SQL/Relational DB ORMs for Clojure for obvious reasons . I particularly also ask this, because most Clojure web tutorials are written with GAE or NOSQL in mind. One of the big reasons that China or India (which might be linguistically closer) is not a hotbed for Linux innovation is because of the linux leadership. Hold more conferences here, incorporate features required for a non-Roman script market and see it explode. FYI - every known computer maker sells OS-free machines: both because the local piracy driven market demands it and that a lot of people use Linux as an alternative to Windows (India Dell level 2 customer support will answer Ubuntu questions) You are close to the answer, but not quite there. You see a lot of government work has to be done in the vernacular ( by political necessity) - and the defacto tool for written communication happens to be Word. Now, I have been trying to (as part of Accountability Initiative and other egov channels) get the govt to adopt open source alternatives like OpenOffice. But the problem is that complex Indic languages are NOT a priority for either Gnome or KDE (and frankly dont work that well on Linux). For example, the Harfbuzz project mentions somewhere For established scripts though, there is not much reason to prefer Graphite over OpenType. Graphite is of course, the Indic compatible smartfont technology. Again, I might be completely wrong by way of technology, but the fact remains that the world's fastest growing computing market doesnt have significant linux mindshare. Very sad considering tha it is very very easy to do that in India.. much more than Europe or America, where you have to de-Apple people. What really, really hurts me though is the fact that a significant (>70%) number of Indian colleges teach programming in Borland C. Why ? well it is easy to blame our cultural proclivity to resist change - but the easier answer is that they dont know any better. Remember, India does not have a significant amount of internet penetration: Network effects happen more due to physical communities rather than electronic ones . Asia (and especially India) is at the cusp of an open-source revolution just because we cant afford anything else. Come over and start one. My comment was not meant to change the direction of anything or to disparage the efforts of a community which helps me earn a living. It was simply to illustrate that linux is not yet an alternative to piracy. Perhaps not unconnected to the following http://www.rediff.com/business/slide-show/slide-show-1-benga... I'm not sure if what I'm thinking is correct (or even technically possible) - but couldnt it be possible that what they are envisioning is the Rubinius architecture being the one true Ruby and having two backends : C-Rubinius or Java-Rubinius. What it would mean is that the C-Rubinius and Java-Rubinius releases be simultaneous: you can choose to pick one or the other based on your surrounding stack. This would mean that they fund both Jruby and Rubinius till they can be merged. Thank you for this. I have a personal peeve with the direction that KDE has been taking with the semantic desktop - the tremendous slowdown because of that and absolutely no focus on usability. Plus the desktop looks like an 80's Eurodance video (as compared to Gnome 2). They continue to use konquerer and KJS (built into the core desktop) rather than webkit or V8. Power management with linux on laptops has been going downhill since sometime and today I get atleast 30% less battery life as compared to Win7 (maybe Phoronix is right with its power regression hullabaloo) Suspend and resume still sucks ( https://bugs.freedesktop.org//show_bug.cgi?id=28739 presumably fixed in 2.6.38 but still gives me problems frequently). Displayport/HDMI out on my laptop does not send out audio and until I used a custom PPA kernel, multi-monitor out on my laptop used to lockup frequently. All of these things work seamlessly on Windows 7. I am willing to pay good money for a seamless Linux desktop (~100$ for something that works seamlessly and timely updates) - if that's what it takes to get someone to focus on something of value, like TuxOnIce, rather than placement of close buttons on the left vs right. take that thought one bit further. Say you only support hardware from the last 5 years (Drop all pre-2001 compatibility.) - 5 major laptop makers,3-4 hardware/motherboard lines. Can a software player not raise 20K$ to buy hardware and build in full out-of-the-box compatibility ? Diaspora raised 200K for vaporware - can this not be funded ? flashblock on chrome FTFY P.S. I dont completely trust Phoronix, but I'm beginning to think that the power regression thing is real http://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&item=linux... Doesnt work for me (no audio): Chrome 12 on Ubuntu 10.10 64-bit Youtube is playing fine. Here's the Chrome debugger log: http://pastebin.com/MwqfD1K5 Here comes the relevance from an earlier discussion of mine http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2623722 - "Nobody in India uses computers in Indian languages". This tablet can revolutionize rural education, especially since the Indian govt mandates rural connectivity as a pre-requisite to handing out telecom wireless licenses. But you cannot teach village kids in English - especially, if in a few years they have to go and read the land records, inheritance documents, local newspapers which are in regional vernacular. But the system is running Android - guess what is the top request on the Android bug list? ( http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/list?sort=-stars ) Arabic language support. Same problem as Indic fonts. Same problem on all Linuxes. not sure if that is entirely true - this bug is still open http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=1618 Again, if they still used a non-smartfont technology for compound scripts (I think that's what they call when two alphabets join together to form a new alphabet), it wont really solve the problem. the interesting this is that Macbook Air are all SSDs - so unless OSX is doing something terribly creative, why arent we seeing the same kind of return/failure rates on Macbook Airs ? Copy-on-write data structures (like the ones Clojure uses) may help mitigate some of the object churn. Use Drupal 7 - as good (better?) a CMS as Wordpress. You can buy themes off the net or build your own. Very hacker friendly - you can manage/script your Drupal site using "drush", the drupal shell. First class support for Postgres. see if your laptop is affected - add "pcie_aspm=force" to your boot parameters. Ubuntu bug (updated) here - https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/760131 To be fair to Michael (the founder of Phoronix) - he did spend a large amount of time and resources building out the PTS and integrating it with power-measurement devices that let him automatically narrow down this commit. Personally, if it helps me wring more battery life out of my laptop, I would considered the ads (or the donation) well-suffered. could you please add a link to "buy as a gift" ? I can purchase it twice, but it will keep getting linked to my email address. nothing is gonna happen to Groupon (or the indian subsidiary). OTOH, Dropbox just got hit with a class action lawsuit. I notice that several projects (including Flask) do not build in support for DB schema management- e.g. migrations. For those of you who are writing apps in Flask, how do you guys manage changes in DB schema ? the ui looks weird with multiple-inboxes placed side by side. I'm not sure if this is going to be pure C or a mix of C/C++, but if you're sticking to pure-C, here's a chapter idea: using containers in C. This is the big selling point for C++ : the convenience of STL. In all the projects that I worked, it was one of the important reasons to choose C++ over C. Yes, this focuses less on the language itself and more on the ecosystem around it, but I figured if you have an entire chapter dedicated to "make", then this makes sense as well. I wonder which platform they will use for the tablet (Android, Meego.. Bada?) and for the content format (epub/mobi). I'm assuming the textbooks would be mainly in korean. Steam. FTFY. ummm ... didnt Photosynth come from the SeaDragon acquisition and Kinect came from the PrimeSense partnership ? OTOH, I think .NET/Mono are awesome pieces of language innovation. EDIT: oops - didnt see that this was mentioned below. but no dedicated graphics card is that why, probably the longest thread on fatwallet, is about ZenniOptical, which ships from China ? You only give forums and beta access to people who have donated $16 or more, while you send handwritten postcards to people who have even pledged the lowest amount. Now, I'm not sure if you plan to spend a dollar out of every $4 for international postcards, but it would be nice if you could give access to everyone who donated. Two reasons for that - not everyone lives in a first world country (and expects postcards) and secondly, even a dollar committed to the idea of a software is more than most people. Each time a new Ubuntu version is released, I try out KDE - but always end up going back to Gnome for productivity reasons. The fact that KDE is bloated because of all the semantic desktop stuff doesnt help a bit. Since KDE has switched to its SC (software compilation) based nomenclature, I would happily pay for a KDE-light S.C. with NO MySQL, nepomuk, strigi, akonadi, konqueror and just a bare desktop with Chrome and LibreOffice (saying I can disable it doesnt count ) Since, I'm unable to use Unity in any significant way, I'm looking for a way to use KDE. And I hope they make a much better default theme than what they have - everything said and done, Gnome looks much much more polished. based on your spice tolerance, thai food is the best option. It usually uses flat rice noodles (which just need to be soaked... not even cooked) and thousands of stirfries made possible with ready pastes and a few veggies/meat. I would bet that you can whip some up under 5 minutes. And diet coke will not cause your body to have the same insulin response as sugar based drinks. Also, go read fittit (/r/fitness) could you comment on this then - http://www.ajcn.org/content/82/5/1011.abstract P.S. I'm genuinely asking, most of my knowledge is borrowed from Leangains This. I have to repeatedly tell people that EBS-backed is not persistent. Amazon did everyone a big disservice by calling something -backed when it was actually transient. persistent until you terminate the instance. Unlike a EBS volume that you explicitly attach, which persists beyond the termination of the instance you attach it to. hey thanks - that was a really interesting find. However, it is a rolling distro based on Debian Testing. I hope that doesnt mean frequent instability. Question from someone who is not an expert in crafting CSS: Is normalize.css something that needs to be actively maintained as newer (versions?) browsers come up or older browser have some changes ? It sounds to me that CSS Reset might be a "bulldozer" and is absolutely inelegant, but I would not have to download a newer version of it every 6 months as I probably would have to do with normalize.css. Am I missing something here ? Nope - the book sold far more: They are not taking into account Eastern Economy Editions. The book is quite popular in Indian colleges. Install Ubuntu - surprisingly, they now make images which are designed to be installed on macs http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/releases/11.04/release/ubuntu-11.0... this is a solved problem - the PCIe interconnect for desktop graphics and MxM for laptop graphics give an extremely tested and viable way to upgrade graphics cards. Hell, even the latest Sony Vaio Z comes with an external graphics card ( http://www.geeky-gadgets.com/sony-vaio-z-with-external-graph... ) It is completely viable to create an upgradable platform that does not obsolete itself by the time it is released - the problem is not technology itself, it is the console manufacturer management notion that it is a good idea to have planned obsoletion every 3 years or so to get people to buy new hardware. Give me an upgradeable PS3 with an SSD and Steam (rather than the 10 times slower Bluray) - and tell me that it wont kill desktop gaming. Nintendo, MS and Sony will be killed by mobile gaming - the latest Kal El pre-production silicon has a 12-core GPU and a 4-core CPU http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBvaDtshLY8&feature=playe... Just a matter of time before Crysis 2 works on your big screen TV through mini HDMI - what remains to be figured out are the controllers this is accepted practice. All games come with an indication of minimum system recommendations ("nvidia 9800 or greater"). Customers already accept that they cannot play certain games (Crysis?) if their system is not upto mark. Windows 7 has the notion of a graphics "score" as well to figure out whether to turn on Aero. The only reason why this is not done is forced obsoletion - the customer behavior has existed for a decade or more. Is the github repo ( https://github.com/stuarthalloway/onlisp-clojure ) not being used by both of them ? It's a wee bit scattered all over the place. Please file a bug on this - so that we can upvote. desktop grade hardware - if that's your thing go for it. I believe that if you're going dedicated, might as well pay for enterprise grade hardware (with ECC RAM, RAID disks) because you dont get all the nifty backups/clones/spin-ups that you get from the cloud. question - why is everyone making alumninium unibody notebooks ? Is carbon fiber not lighter and (arguably) just as strong. Is it just the design aesthetic that everyone is trying to reach out for or is there something else. hmm.. I honestly never thought that was the issue, given how popular graphite tennis racquets are. What about fiberglass then ? I even saw a show on TV, where they remade a car chassis by handfilling fiberglass filaments and the resulting could withstand sledgehammer blows. does fiberglass/carbon-fiber affect laptop cooling ? sony makes laptops using carbon fiber - http://store.sony.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/CategoryDisp... same ballpark pricing ~2000 USD. Is unibody aluminium that commonplace a manufacturing process that it is much more feasible than carbon fiber ? Why not raise funding ? Given that your competitor has already raised funding, atleast you wouldnt have to convince investors about the viability of the concept. If you were looking to bootstrap yourself and avoid dilution, perhaps it is time to rethink that strategy. ps this kind of work (ultra-cold neutrons + gravity) is just as interesting and important as the higgs particle work at the lhc. it's also cheaper and smarter. so it's depressing that what is reported in the popular press is so distorted (by scientists themselves, who need to drum up money and support for "big science") - we see a huge amount of coverage of the lhc and nothing on amazing work like this Hmm... Stackoverflow/Hacker-News for pure science ? Even if the lokpal bill comes and goes, the impact has already gone far beyond the concept of an ombudsman. For the first time in my memory, the urban middle class of India have been represented - as opposed to factions based on religion, caste, race and language. A new platform has been given due recognition - that of the growing, tax-paying, facebook-ing urban demographic which has never been able to dissolve its own lines of religion, caste, race and language. This is a huge achievement in a country in which nearly every state is governed by a political party which is strictly local and more often than not ethnically and linguistically native. I am extremely optimistic that the next general elections (for the country's Prime Minister) will have corruption, infrastructure and education as some of the platforms rather than being right-wing, left-wing or secular. I for one (as are many in India) am fearful about the lokpal - primarily because the actual people behind the Anna Hazaare campaign are "professional" non-profit organizations. I would much rather have e-governance as well as absolute and complete transparency on government functioning (for example, Estonia ??) Right now - the biggest problem is Wordpress which has ZERO postgres support. A PG-supported version of Wordpress will go a long, long way in popularizing Postgres. No can afford macbooks - something with Ubuntu please.. can you not put shielding AROUND the device, rather than build hardened processors ? I can think of one reason - increases weight of the whole package - but perhaps the corresponding cost increase is not so much as buying a radiation hardened 1Ghz processor. if you have got the sandy bridge processor, do NOT give into increased-graphics-performance temptation and upgrade to the 3.1 kernel. There is a 76% power regression vs 2.6.3x kernels http://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&item=linux... Use skype (w/ video) on android. I fully expect Microsoft to drop Skype support for Linux .. or atleast give a seriously stunted binary to get around anti-trust, that I am using Android as my full-on communication tool, including video conferencing. I see skype-video on the S5PV210 Samsung chipset android tablets already ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfwI1c93KqA ). Atleast in Asia, you can get resistive 8 inchers with Gingerbread for sub-$200. There have been several white-label 8'' multitouch tablets for a long time. http://www.androidtabletspcs.com/8-Inch-Android-2-3-Tablet-P... For example - the tablet above has A8 Cortex, gingerbread and dual-cameras. actually this is the 1024x768 res display. I dont know why the disparity in description. pullup bar ? (even if you are not strong enough to do pullups, you can hang or do "negative" pullups) I actually want to see an educational process/technique that produces content, even half as good as Khan Academy, repeatably . My question has always been - will Khan Academy lose relevance after Sal Khan ? Or is there a recipe that allows the creation of more Khan Academys. exactly - "outside" the same question as "after". Sal Khan is one of the best educators out there, without a question. But how do you scale it up ? Get non-domain expert, smart teachers to study and try to teach a subject ? hey guys - as an end user, how do I make sure that I am protected ? I mean is there a way to make sure these certificates dont affect me. I'm on Ubuntu Linux and have applied the recent updates... but how can I be sure ? can I add Synapse (for Ubuntu) to the list ? Written in Vala, faster than Gnome-do and primarily developed for the ElementaryOS project. I dont understand this - is there a difference between an explicitly allocated EBS volume and the ephemeral volumes of an EBS-backed instance ? Or are you focusing on the RAID10 part - but then everywhere RAID10 is touted to be the best RAID solution (right balance between performance and safety) here's a post on the topic from reddit http://www.reddit.com/r/mlclass/comments/krg3p/whats_the_dif... if a newer version breaks, then I pull the older version into a local directory ("vendor/mine") and use :path directive in my gemfile @pspeter3 - how has been your experience with Elementary - especially your transition from Ubuntu? Things like package management (any apt-get changes), multimonitor support, wifi/sound drivers, etc. ? They are doing really cool (and actually usable stuff) with features like Switchboard+Plugs, Synapse, Pantheon, etc. so am really interested in switching. A lot of people/companies I know were using Assembla and Beanstalk. I wonder how big a threat this is to them, rather than Github . I notice that Bitbucket hasnt integrated Issues tracker with git. Bitbucket's bug tracking was IMHO much superior to github. Plus Bitbucket doesnt format the README markdown as nicely as Github. EDIT: I notice that I was mistaken. you need to enable bug tracking from the admin tab. Yes please - small things like the branches drop down are not very intuitive. I think the competitive advantage for Bitbucket will come from super-enhancing features like the issue tracker. Today, I still have to run Redmine inspite of having Github issues. Give me an industrial quality issue tracker (hooks, assignee features, charting, roles and permissions). Basically just pull Bugzilla into Bitbucket. Now, that would be a killer feature ! Nope - I'm not really talking about Bugzilla or Jira from a UI point of view, but more of a functionality angle. That's the thing - the UI for issue tracking, on both Github and Bitbucket, is great. No functionality however. TL;DR : will pay for issues Funny, nobody responded with I'm sorry Dave, I'm afraid I cant do that I wonder how long before Asimov's three laws become a necessity... The blurb - http://tech2.in.com/news/tablets/indias-very-own-35-tablet-t... Specs: Android 2.2 Wifi, 2 USB Ports 7'' resistive display, 350g 366 mhz processor 256 mb RAM 2GB flash microsd support 2100 mah battery can play 1080p video As posted in my other thread - the subsidized cost to customer is $50 (cost of manufacture is $35). The blurb: http://tech2.in.com/news/tablets/indias-very-own-35-tablet-t... Will be available for purchase in November. The specs are: Android 2.2 Wifi, 2 USB Ports 7'' resistive display, 350g 366 mhz processor 256 mb RAM 2GB flash microsd support 2100 mah battery can play 1080p video The video review - http://gadgets.ndtv.com/video.aspx?id=212812?hp - does mention a dedicated HD video chip inside. So probably, yes. Is it this book : http://www.modernism101.com/rand_next.php THE SIGN OF THE NEXT GENERATION OF COMPUTERS FOR EDUCATION There is an interesting comment posted about this topic by someone whose father worked as a technical writer on NeXT http://www.nextcomputers.org/forums/viewtopic.php?t=1590 Paul Rand was hired to design the logo for 50k, with the following rules: he would ask some questions concerning the mission of NEXT, and then he would leave. There will be no updates, no revisions, no meetings. he will return with a logo and if it is accepted, another 50k would be paid to him. Mr. Rand returned with this small brochure (not the 100+ page document that is written about all over the net.. i think people got the 100 from the price of the logo design). This NEXT logo brochure really brings you into the mind of a great designer. Steve Jobs was so overtaken by this proposal, that he asked Mr. Rand if he could make copies... to use as marketing material to potential investors. Here's ESR's comment on why Unity is unproductive - http://esr.ibiblio.org/?p=3822 Its more or less what Linus independently talked about. Anyway you look at it - the terminal icon behavior is pretty asinine (IMHO - OSX doesnt do it that way). My productivity goes down drastically on Unity. Instead I can use synapse, gnome-dock, etc. and get the same "shiny" without losing productivity. yup - and both of mine hate unity as compared to Ubuntu 10.10. No - it is not the same. That was one manufacturer - this is everyone of them. With Apple, what you were looking at was a single, vertically integrated walled garden, that was never even the playing ground for DIY. For many in the west, DIY is synonymous with "enthusiast". But here in Asia/India, a very VERY significant percentage of the total PC market is held by "unbranded" PCs - about 45% (ref: http://trak.in/tags/business/2011/05/17/top-pc-compnies-indi... ). This is so relevant to the Indian market that it is almost scary. As a yardstick - for a fresh hire in India's largest tech employer, Infosys, buying a Macbook is almost 6 months salary. Buying an unbranded PC running Linux is about a month and a half salary. Secondly, your assertion that motherboard sales wont be affected is wrong. The push to implement this is piracy and not marketing - which means Microsoft (and not the end users) will be the driving force behind the push to certify motherboards. VLC does this mean that FLAC will soon be irrelevant ? Today a lot of high-fidelity audio players support FLAC as the default lossless format. This kinda meant that that iPods and these players lived in different universes as far as lossless is concerned. If the release of this codec means that h/w manufacturers are able to incorporate this codec into their silicon (I'm not sure if the open source license extends to hardware), then effectively there is no real reason to use or support FLAC anymore (minor differences in quality nonwithstanding). Anybody know which codec is more power efficient ? Conversely, I see no reason for any device to support ALAC and not FLAC. Isnt this implemented in silicon (or atleast implemented as some DSP-specific library) ? AFAIK that costs money. Today, if you wanted a lossless player, that player had to have FLAC - which was taken from a commercial vendor like Tensilica [1]. But now that ALAC is an alternative, why would I even try to spend more money and also add FLAC ? Plus, it is reasonably trivial to convert all FLAC to ALAC [2] [1] http://www.tensilica.com/products/audio/audio-codecs/flac.ht... or http://www.tensilica.com/products/audio/audio-codecs.htm (no ALAC) [2] http://www.dbpoweramp.com/dmc.htm There is Shinken as well ( http://www.shinken-monitoring.org/features/ ) which promises 100% compatibility with Nagios plugins... plus is written in python ( https://github.com/naparuba/shinken ). Not sure about performance comparisons The atrix was the first phone that recognized that use case - but the suits at motorola made it prohibitively expensive to own the dock (costed as much as the phone itself) that made this possible. Here's the problem I see - the docking system that needs to be standardized. The ARM Mali T658 GPU promises PS3 quality... and there are better chips (Tegra 4, Adreno, etc.) on the way. The Atrix leverages the HDMI+microusb because of the way it designed them to fit into the slots into its dock. Theoretically, you could use the Adreno dock with other phones, but they dont have the ports placed in the same way (to lock into the dock). I think with Google's philosophy of open-ness, it is too much to expect the creation of a new dock standard. I'm not sure if HDMI (or the displayport equivalents) can carry serialized mouse signals in addition to display... but somehow the ports need to be standardized before we have a hope of leveraging hardware that will be equipped to play Crysis by 2012. And that will be a shame - all that power and unable to use it. Almost as frustrating Skype not using most Android phones' front camera towards video calls for a long time. I think its because the workflow is broken - what is the tool that you use to typeset to get beautiful ebooks in EPUB, MOBI and AZW ? I dont know - and neither does reddit/selfpublish . How does an author go from writing to generating books without encountering specialized (and expensive) typesetters? The first piece of advice that self-published Kindle authors will give you is to have a beautiful cover - how do you design one and integrate it into your ebook generation workflow to get one nice little package ? Can I say that the publishers are fleecing us, when probably they are having to pay extra to make sure their ebooks look good on Kindle, Nook, Sony, etc. ? The toolchain doesnt exist - and it is time for disruption. how does this compare with the stuff Terracotta is doing ? Is this essentially Terracotta for clojure ? with SSDs catching up (in terms of price/gb) to hdds, could you possibly use SSD as a jit-cache ? processors are the most power hungry part of a machine, and considering cooling is the biggest bottleneck in a modern datacenter, I wonder if SSDs acting as caches could amplify a processor's power. Or.... you can go (and later support) Cyanogenmod http://wiki.cyanogenmod.com/wiki/Motorola_Droid_X:_Full_Upda... true - unfortunately, if bloatware doesnt get you, then forced obsolescence will (no ice cream for you !) sooner or later, you will have to get on the open source bandwagon... and Cyanogenmod is where its at. Doesnt this play havoc with caching - I mean if you had a single UI webapp (that in turn queries all other webservices to render a page), then you could simply heavily cache your UI webapp. But when your client side JS is directly querying individual web services, in that case you would have to cache each individual web service (not sure if this introduces inconsistencies vis-a-vis different web services). Is this how Amazon - who reputedly has everything as services - renders its webpages as well ? >For example em-activerecord just didn't work so well under huge load (dropping SQL-connections), so I had to write my own mini ORM for the workers. That's interesting - could you elaborate (here or a blog post) on your findings. what was different between your ORM and em-activerecord that made it more performant. The thing is - my first thought would have been to leave the ORM alone and focus on the DB side (like more sophisticated connection pooling/pgbouncer, etc. ). Which is why I'm interested in what went wrong in the ORM that made it screw up when used in a non-blocking kind of a setup. forgive me for digging deeper - but could you narrow down the problem _why_ your architecture better. My gut feel is that you are leveraging the connection pool better - because thats the only thing that can explain DB connection issues. The other thing could be that your em-activerecord connection objects might be too heavy, so you're hitting some kind of ulimit/open-file-descriptors problem (basically OS issues). This seems like exactly what would hit anybody who is trying to build a worker model for processing data... hell even for sending emails. It would be interesting to see where you are pushing the limits - it could even be something deep like does this fix the abominably slow development with the asset pipeline (without the gems needed to hack it and speed it up)? Basically, can someone give me a way back into pre-3.1 asset pipeline slowdown ? in dev mode, the asset pipeline induces extremely slow page loads in development (2-4 seconds per page locally) This has been the single biggest complaint against Rails 3.1 if you google for it. For e.g. take a look at http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8084006/serve-assets-dire... Similar questions have been addressed by either installing rails-dev-tweaks or by pre-compiling assets - which is then a problem if you're actually working on the UI/JS - which is where half the dev time is usually spent. or build a self-aware version/cylon of you. this is awesome - I wish that this could be made into a formal setup (FossFund ?) so that the rest of us who have a different fiscal year closing (March in India), can make the choice at the right time. It is very hard to find the right clicks (paypal, etc.) to fund - say OpenSSH. Hell, I didnt even know that they needed funding until I accidentally ran into http://www.openssh.org/donations.html . Searching for "TuxOnIce donate" does not even bring up the paypal link right on its front page. It would be great to have a Kickstarter.com for open source donations - basically a one stop page to search,click and send my money on its way. EDIT: Humble Bundle's donation sliders are also a nice way to donate an amount and have it distributed the right way. It would be doubly awesome, if I could donate, but also indicate a specific sub-project which I am interested in funding (e.g. multi-monitor support in Linux, etc. ) There's a bigger problem than usability - I say this because each of the places that adopts any kind of workplace software usually has IT/helpdesks/consultants to handhold this kind of stuff. The biggest problem is really the spreadsheet - people can live with even Google Docs for documents and even presentations. But Excel has managed to be irreplaceable. When billion dollar termsheets (and all its macros) come bundled in the XLS format, there is no way we can get away with anything less than 100% Excel compatibility. I speak of this from experience in a failed attempt to port an accounting office to Linux - Excel was the only roadblock ... and I tried everything including Softmaker. I am willing to wager real money that if LibreOffice Calc becomes 100% compatible with XLS 2000 and XLSX formats, we would see the adoption of Linux just explode. Word and Powerpoint dont matter as much - web based offerings like Prezi are increasingly compelling alternatives. If you had to incorporate search today - would you use indextank or solr ? $8 Comodo SSL certificates - again from Namecheap http://www.namecheap.com/ssl-certificates/comodo.aspx I have had my SSL application rejected by StartSSL for some reason - probably because I was not in the continental US https://github.com/linuxmint/Cinnamon is the github repository http://www.webupd8.org/2011/12/cinnamon-gnome-shell-fork-wit... for screenshots http://cinnamon.linuxmint.com/ - homepage This is not entirely correct: check out Guyenet's rebuttal and conference video http://wholehealthsource.blogspot.com/2011/08/carbohydrate-h... http://www.dietdoctor.com/ahs-showdown-gary-taubes-vs-stepha... Seems like a web2py project - more about it here: https://bitbucket.org/id804097/minnaedu/src http://www.jjude.com/2011/12/here-is-a-blog-engine-for-googl... seems to be running here (on webfaction) - http://www.jjude.biz