Did anyone record the stream? I couldn't see it live. Did you find any links? Agreed. On the other hand, popularity of Chrome helps Mozilla not to relax and to push forward. I like Firefox for extreme customizability. Nothing matches that and Chrome is nowhere close to it. If you are interested in assisting an open source mobile project, why not to give a hand to Mer and Nemo Mobile? http://merproject.org/ http://wiki.merproject.org/wiki/Nemo It's good to be distanced from this kind of crowd ;) Microsoft using Ogg Theora? That's a breakthrough. In some ways it's better, in many others it's still the same (bad wise). They were rather chilled off about WebM, so I wouldn't expect them to be interested in Ogg Theora either. Here is one for Star Trek fans: play -c2 -n synth whitenoise band -n 100 24 band -n 300 100 gain +20 Anonymizer is your friend. Well, let's give him credit. That staffer was at least honest. These congressmen aren't stupid, they well know that they support censorship and that's what all these PIPA and SOPA are about - censorship. And the fact that they don't openly speak about it doesn't change the essence. But they are scared of publicity still. So thank you for publishing this encounter. It really needs a broader coverage. Yes, America can rightly be called corporate ruled for the most part. So he doesn't really care about average public. He cares about corporations and their money. Sure it's dangerous. For MPAA's intents to have low publicity for that bill that is. Posted workaround doesn't really work. The problem is not only DRM, but lock in into Apple. Using iTunes is not acceptable, it's not interoperable. All this are just dirty tactics from Apple to lock users into their iTunes infrastructure. One wouldn't be able to use those textbooks anywhere outside iTunes, therefore it's defective by design and authors shouldn't fall for it. What if someone doesn't want to use iPad? You can't make one tablet type mandatory to read a textbook. That's ridiculous. The problem is two fold here. Apple pushes lock in on authors and schools, which causes students lock in. It's a vicious cycle. Therefore I don't really get what is so exciting about it. Do you think someone here really considers vendor lock in a positive thing? Accessing physical textbook can't be mandatory, since you can get it in a number of ways (buy it, go to the library, borrow from your friend etc.). DRM locked in ebook is much worse. You are forced to get iTunes/Apple device to access it. You don't get it. Your choice is limited. With physical text book - you can get any of those choices, including buying the book. With DRM + vendor locked ebook you can't buy and use it if your device doesn't fit into the vendor's plan. We aren't in the stone age of computing anymore. Interoperability and open standards are intended to avoid exactly this problem. There is a key difference. Those limitations of the physical books which you mentioned are inherent in the book itself. I.e. there is no way to implement a downloadable physical book and etc. Limitations of the DRM / vendor locked in ebook aren't inherent, they are imposed by interest of the vendor (Apples interest in the market share for their devices in this case). I.e. there IS a way to implement ebooks in another fashion, which won't limit interoperability and will promote more choice. But Apple is knowingly pushing worse approach, that's why it should be criticized. Doesn't seem indifferent to me. Looks more like cognitive dissonance, when people just pretend that something they don't like to accept doesn't exist. And when you point out the exact problem they only get more upset. No, changing that option doesn't really affect anything. Depends on what you understand by "aggressive". Energetic, active, pushing for opportunities and so on? Or being cruel, damaging to others and not caring about side effects for the sake of the goal? No, opposite of passive is active. What does it have to do with aggressive? They can apply various methods, such as polygraph to determine whether she really forgot the key, and it won't be so easy for her to avoid revealing the real fact. Isn't it natural to ask, if something is wrong with technology which needs to be broken to make it work? More important is a battle of open vs closed, DRM and control encumbered vs free. Both MS and Apple are on the dark side of this, so watching the Apple win isn't something that society will benefit from. Yes, I find it strange, that when it comes to Apple, some people who are reasonable otherwise simply stop thinking rationally, and don't hear any real arguments. So it really can be a waste of time trying to reason with such kind of people. Those who promote open standards, free software and don't disseminate DRM. Probably you can add to the list those who are against software patents too. Unsurprisingly Apple gets a minus on every of those points. Yep, it's ironic how things changed. The big brother in that clip is exactly Apple today. Someone even made a parody: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdVzboF2E2Q Agreed. For example ban on competing browsers embedded in the iOS SDK is simply a monopoly protection, and has nothing to do with customers' interests. I wonder who downvoted this one. Any reasoning please? Or it's just an effort to downvote any critique addressed towards Apple? By this logic any browser should be banned from the system, including their own, since their sandboxes have vulnerabilities as well. So I'm not buying this argument. Using security arguments to hide anti competitive intentions just doesn't cut it. The last time I checked their SDK license, it let you use their JavaScript VM for the dynamic code (unless this changed recently): ===> 3.3.2 An Application may not itself install or launch other executable code by any means, including without limitation through the use of a plug-in architecture, calling other frameworks, other APIs or otherwise. No interpreted code may be downloaded and used in an Application except for code that is interpreted and run by Apple's Published APIs and builtin interpreter(s). So the argument that they ban any interpreted code is hypocritical. They ban competing browsers through banning JavaScript VMs. Great, so they just know that there are more vulnerabilities in their own optimized engine, still they use it in their own browser. At the same time they ban anything else on the system, claiming that it promotes security. Doesn't sound convincing to me at all. Meaning, that if I, as user will find a more secure browser - I won't be able to use it, since it's banned on pretense that it'll compromise security (hypothetically, not that I use iOS as a user anyway). If I guess correctly, the question above was intending to ask which companies fall under that category. So there are a bunch who promote all or some of those values (my favorite being Mozilla for example). In general open source related companies promote open standards and stand up against software patents and DRM. (On a side note, Apple didn't say anything on the latest development around SOPA/PIPA, simply because Apple is strongly pro DRM and they would probably support these kind of laws willingly). DRM doesn't only apply to the media content, but to software and operating systems as well. While SOPA is mostly associated with media, DRM in essence is a broader issue. I look at simple facts. Firstly, Firefox or any other browser which uses its own JavaScript engine can't be ported to iOS due to license ban. You don't consider it uncompetitive behavior given that browsers are a very competitive field in general? Well, I do. Secondly, Apple of course can argue that it's not a monopolistic thing in the global sense, since there are non Apple OSes around which don't enforce draconian restrictions. And it most probably can even work in court, to dodge possible antitrust inquires. Yet, it wasn't all that so good for Apple, and they removed some restrictions from their SDK to avoid some of these problems (it's slightly better now). I'm sure their lawyers are trying to find the edge there. If you don't like the term "monopolistic practice" because of those nuances, you can call it anticompetitive practice, fine with me. "Clearly" claim isn't convincing here. Apple says those bans are in consumers interest. Others say they are really in Apple's interest. You can probably find arguments for both. I personally see it as a second case, because it's against me as a consumer who wants to use other browsers for example. It's based om Mer Core: http://merproject.org It's running on the Mer Core http://merproject.org and I wonder why developers aren't given credit for in in the article. Mer can run on Wayland as well, as soon as there will be drivers for the given GPU. I'm somewhat curious what does all this have to do with the word "hacker" which denotes kind of approach to life really, in a way of "hacking" it. This seems to be a common tactic of the shady backers of the global censorship. They gain support for their dark laws by obscuring real intentions and fooling politicians into blindly supporting them. True, there are those who understand the real picture, and support nevertheless. But there are also those who are simply not responsible enough to understand clearly what they support. And they are exploited by the real culprits who fight against freedom. That's why they are so scared of publicity and push hard to pass this laws in secret. They know that public review will quickly reveal their evil intentions. DRM shouldn't be promoted, period. No luck. Just don't use iOS. Firefox moved to native UI on Android, which made it faster. The minus is obviously need for add-on developers to work with native UI too. That's not very precise. Legally, Apple doesn't allow to use iOS SDK , i.e. to build such applications. If you manage somehow to build it any other way (not using Apple's SDK), this restriction has no meaning, and while Apple could reject such kind of software from their app store, you could deploy it to alternatives, like Cydia, and still be legal, since you didn't violate any licenses. I.e. for browsers makers the concern is not that they'll be rejected from the app store, but that they can't even legally build them with the Apple's SDK. And that's bad, since it promotes bad coding practices. Also, WebKit is far from being uniform, and differs from one flavor to another. The rule above is not from the App Store guidelines, but from the SDK license. I.e. even if you use alternative app store without restrictions (Cydia), but build a browser with Apple iOS SDK - it's still illegal, and that's why major browsers like Firefox wouldn't do it. Any factual statistics for that? I'd say it's a very ugly practice, to use development tools license to ban competition. It's like saying buying this chisel you are bound to only carve logos of the chisel making company. It's still not nobody. And having Firefox playing a significant role will prevent situation which existed in the past where many sites were "IE only". We don't need "WebKit only" sites. There are enough WebKit browsers specific things which are not standard to make "WebKit only" situation a problem. In general, well balanced browsers representation makes web developers think better and be more responsible. Nice work. Awesome!-) The only unfortunate thing is the sole focus on the native Android UI now, due to limited resources. Conventional mobile Linux which has to use XUL based mobile UI is treated as barely supported because of that. Did Chrome ever use anything like pdf.js? In KDE at least, KParts Firefox plugin does a very good job for PDF viewing, using Okular. Desktop UI toolkits improve and there are lot's of innovative ideas there. Qt is a major example. Because they have no idea about C++11? Usually those who treat it this way obviously don't know C++. > starts asking about how sizeof works on pointers > to member functions or when "inline virtual" does > and does not inline something. You really had such kind of interview encounters? It's just weird. It's just better to void pointer declarations like: int* a, b, c; Just use: int* a; int* b; int* c; The type is really int* but C legacy treats b and c as int in int* a, b, c; Definitely a sign that Yahoo stopped getting profit from doing anything useful, since they fell so low as to use software patents litigations for their income. Apple and Microsoft are notorious software patent aggressors who consider patent protection racket an acceptable "business practice". Google on the other hand tries to avoid anything of that sort, and uses patents only for defense against patent aggressors. At least Google used to up until latest Motorola acquisition which mixed their policy up. Didn't really look into what Samsung is doing in detail, but they usually just fight back (for example to Apple) as defense, and don't act as aggressors. Yahoo didn't engage in software patent aggression before. So whatever the case, acting as a software patent aggressor shows deterioration of company ethics and usually signals that they can't compete on merit. To fix this problem, software patents need to be abolished as a practice damaging for society and innovation. While they exists, they'll be abused by trolls. That's true. In some cases this happens, for example members of OIN have legal obligations not to use patents against each other at least. But I'm not sure there is any company that took a solid legal obligation not to be a patent aggressor in general. Not really. Those who act unethically bear the responsibility, and saying that since system is broken it's OK to abuse it just doesn't cut it. With that said, of course the system needs to be blamed (and changed) as well. No, no one forces them to play it. The fact that they play it is a good reason to disrespect them already. Seriously, isn't it obvious? Look at the purpose of the patent law. It's supposed to promote innovation for the benefit of the society, or how it formally sounds: "to promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries". Software patents do exactly the opposite. They not only don't promote any innovation or progress, they stifle it. Something of that sort. You can also structure it as: - Knowledge and progress are beneficial for the society. - Inventions and discoveries promote knowledge and progress. - Patents are supposed to encourage inventors to publish their work thus helping the promotion of the above. - If applied badly, patents can be misused to serve totally different goals (like monopolizing the technology or knowledge), hurting the society in result. So the system needs to avoid that. Software patents are the perfect example of the case where the original goal is reversed. I.e. by the nature of the software, patents only hinder innovation. So they should not be applied to software at all. And that's why I called it unethical, rather than illegal. Patent aggressors might appeal that their actions are legal (within the current broken system), but since they have negative impact on the society and serve totally the opposite goal, they are unethical. He does. Learn more about his biography and his interest in mysticism and philosophy: http://www.amazon.com/G%C3%B6del-Logic-John-L-Casti/dp/07382... Diaspora* (decentralized social network) is intended to be a free service, not using users' identity as a merchandise. So while in general "free" services aren't really free, there are free ones as well. > you need the opposite temperament: a hunger for money. Wrong. It's easily leads one to make money a self goal, which a grave pitfall. Since it's not mentioned - assume nothing is encrypted and avoid using it unless you encrypt data on your own accord. On the contrary, I see a constant influx of new users joining, and lot's of active very interesting topics. Diaspora can be an interesting place, or look like a stagnated wasteland depending on how you use it, and your skill in applying hashtags. That depends on your contacts. I use just Diaspora, and not Facebook or Google+. If you don't know how to pronounce something - you can fetch a dictionary and look it up: http://www.howjsay.com Do you trust G+ enough for that? It doesn't encrypt your data. It shouldn't be a business. It should be a sustainable project. The moment you make it a business, it looses its core value - "by users, for users". That said, the project needs to sustain development and growth of course. The difference is in the goal. Business' goal is to make money, and it's driven by for profit reasons. Such kind of project's goal should be to make a good (user oriented, privacy protecting and so on) social network, and it should be driven by that reason. > If I were Microsoft, I would hold my ground. You mean to justify such kind of crooked behavior? On grounds that Apple bans any non Apple interpreter (which downloads code from the net) to be compiled with iOS SDK. I.e. any JavaScript engine including. It's a pure form of anticompetitive censorship. Most people don't get the idea that Diaspora has lot's of available servers, and some of them can be filled up (thus you'll have to wait if you want to join those). But no one stops you from joining others which have spare capacity. That's the point of Diaspora - it's decentralized. See: https://github.com/diaspora/diaspora/wiki/Community-supporte... They use Ogg Theora. Pleasantly - no Flash. It's like giving up on something that's released for pre alpha testing :) The point is not to "give up" on it, but to test and to file bugs. Security is much better now. What's wrong with Ruby? It's a great language. > You must log in to see this page. Fail. I'd say disallowing them is may be too harsh, but posting them is simply impolite and users should avoid doing that. I'm not a FB user and these kind of links just waste my time. Those who want to monetize on the social networks *(the way FB does it) are in the wrong. Growing privacy disrespect will backfire on them soon enough. When did you last test it? Firefox performance surpasses Chrome in memory management and optimizations IMO. Give a try to both and compare. Since you were resolute enough to make a switch out of performance concerns, you can as well switch again ;) Personally I never found Firefox to be performing bad enough to switch, even though Chrome could be better some time ago. I'd phrase it differently. It'll collapse because it blatantly disrespects users' privacy. Apple claims that pushing a DRMed single vendor solution (basically intending the industry lock-in) is not anti-competitive? Whom are they trying to fool? > To fight the money game you need extremely deep pockets. Not really. You just need different kind of priorities. For example Diaspora challenges Facebook on the grounds where FB is the weakest - privacy. Facebook can't compete on privacy no matter how hard they try (and they simply won't even try since the whole FB is built on selling off privacy). The whole approach of Facebook at its core is a disdain for the users, because Facebook profits from users' profiles. They can argue that users are willing to trade off their privacy for the "free" service, but it's just a sneaky way to get users information to monetize on. Given that, why do you think they should have more respect in other kind of interactions? Yes, we agree. Really Facebook is not fitting to be a social network, but at the same time it has such a huge number of users at the moment. Hopefully real social networks like Diaspora which are built for social interactions and not for ripping users off on their privacy, will eventually gain more traction. Commented there. Probably. Because you want to support those who produce the content, if you like using it. Not supporting them while using their creation is sheer disrespect, regardless whether piracy is illegal or not. Exactly. Eventually they'll learn, but it takes them a long time. Just a thought. If you consider the site as kind of a model and example for films distribution, why can't you add a [Donate] button, and direct all the funds to the corresponding companies who produced the movies? They might even get a better idea that convenient service without any DRM junk brings them revenue. Without such option the site is questionable. The problem of Valve is their usage of DRM. I won't use them just because of that, whether they release Linux client or not. I.e. it's better to run a non DRM-ed Windows game (let's say from GOG) on Linux using Wine, rather than native one from Valve but with DRM. But their entering to the Linux scene in general is good, since it might encourage others to do it as well, and eventually non DRMed distributors like GOG will push for more Linux games too. Well, first part is possible to resolve (but requires effort to find out who's the owner, yes). Second part can be resolved if you technically build the transparency system. I.e. those who pay will have a tracking mechanism for the transaction and would be able to confirm that their money aren't used by you. But in general I agree, it's more of a wishful thinking, in practice it requires effort. But you went so far as to make the site which offers a way to get the content completely for free. It would be fair to put at least some effort for enabling the backwards flow. If you are scared of being shut down, why not being scared of acting without respect to the creators of the movies? Linking to DRMed channels kind of defeats the purpose, since you are promoting a DRM free way. But you get all the DRM junk. Better to deal with chmod +x than with DRM restrictions. Contrary to popular belief, not using DRM really shows respect by game creators for their users. I simply won't buy any DRMed game. Luckily some publishers like GOG emerged, who promote DRM free games, and have such major contributors like CD Projekt Red who aren't scared to show respect for their users by selling DRM free games. They (CD Projekt Red) managed not only to pay salaries and improve their products, but also attracted a lot of potential customers for their future titles. GOG is behind in providing Linux versions yet, but I'd rather get DRM free game to run under Wine, than DRMed native one. I liked Humble Indie Bundles precisely for their DRM free Linux releases. Other good DRM free source is GOG (though requiring Wine). Steam is of no interest to me because of DRM promotion. It's a choice the company has to make. You can see DRM free releases being successful, so those who stick with DRM need to be discouraged. There is a positive side of Valve's interest in Linux though. It'll encourage others to pay more attention to Linux, and eventually more DRM free games will be available too. If you mean there is some convenience - why do you need the overhead? Just install the game without any extra client which restricts you. It's a case study for DRMed approach, which isn't the way to go. For example requiring one to connect to their server prior to playing (implicit requirement of having an Internet connection) is a ridiculous restriction. DRM needs to be discouraged by its definition IMO. I was saying above, that if that raises an objection that making a financially successful game without DRM isn't possible, then such objection is not true. Or if you want to phrase it in a positive way - those who don't use DRM need to be encouraged. Yes, it's their (game creators') choice but offered as an option by the distributor (Valve). I'm simply not interested in encouraging such kind of behavior. Those who have a stronger stance on DRM free releases deserve more attention. Your choice matters. In this case I'd call it "vote with your wallet". Preferring non DRMed games shows support for their developers, as simple as that. The argument "since most don't care - you shouldn't either" is flawed. If you are sure something is right - it doesn't matter how many care to do what's right. > Video games are a billion dollar industry, but non-DRM'd games are not. It only should increase the incentive to avoid buying DRMed games, and specifically support those who aren't scared to release theirs DRM free. For example look at the latest Humble Indie Bundle. Linux users pay highest average for the set. It shows that they encourage developers to produce Linux games more than users of other OSes (obviously since Linux games scene is lacking). You can argue, that Linux games market is miniscule, and if so, why even bother to send your message in such form? But you still see people showing appreciation, and developers can take note of this. Surely, I'm not interested in buying CDs and punching in codes :) I prefer to download a purchased game, install it, and run without any DRM. DRM free core dumps surely should be more fun than DRMed ones. ;) But seriously, having or not having DRM is not really directly related to how often it will crash. I think your argument can be rephrased in a way, that multilayer games require third party arbiters (server admins, GMs and so on), who should be able to ban violators of game rules, reconcile conflicts and so on. I fully agree, but I don't see why it should be equated with using DRM for the actual software. And to single player games this issue doesn't apply at all. I still think using any kind of DRM is an unethical overkill for controlling the MMO..G and the like. Firstly, the game can be designed better avoid (some) exploits. Secondly automated mechanisms can be built on the server side to prevent cheating (monitoring unnatural stats boosting, unrealistic mods and so on). I agree, that it's not easy to do it manually. So, write server side protection code for that. It's not DRM, and not some kind of client targeted kill switch. If the user is caught - ban will follow. Let them register again, and get another ban if they want to waste their time. And if that cheating is so hidden that it's not even unnatural IG - who cares (i.e. it's still not fair, but at least such user doesn't have big impact). From the player perspective, I'd choose a multiplayer game based on the community. Sometimes community can identify cheating just by observing something unnatural, and those users will quickly be boycotted. So GMs are needed to intervene when human decision is necessary. They not necessarily have to detect the issue themselves first. Thanks for the information, I didn't know they are the owners. That's even better, it shows how a serious and successful games production company can promote DRM free approach. They used to rely on DRM before, but I guess they reconsidered at some point, and turned it completely around. Thanks! That's useful. Did HBO ever consider asking some fixed price per simple download? No streaming, no complicated subscription services. Just payments per files. There can't be any logical reason not to offer it, if it's so widely pirated already. They can only convince some of those who pirate not to do it, if they provide the same level of simplicity and convenience. In any case, it can't make it any worse for them, than it is now. It can probably only make it better. I'm not sure exactly what you are trying to compare. Rather try to compare those who simply pirate the stuff as soon as it's out with anything of the above. I think if they'd offer something around $2-$3 per episode right away (without any iTunes), they could gain more from those who don't pay anything to them now. Here is a good interview with Marcin Iwinski (CEO of CD Projekt Red) about DRM: http://www.forbes.com/sites/danielnyegriffiths/2012/05/18/th... Not right away, and not without DRM (i.e. as a portable file). So it can't compete with pirated copies that way. What hypocrites. They don't want to return the data, don't want to be sued at the same time, and even try to redirect the claim to those who can't return it. Are they just dumb, or utterly cynical to the point of mocking the public? They need to put presser on Newegg managers. It's simply ridiculous. You miss the main point, that software shouldn't be patentable in the first place. Software patents can't possibly serve any positive purpose. They'll probably charge 100% tax for IE6. http://www.0xdeadbeef.com/~blizzard/weblog-videos/2010-03-26... Mostly political reasons it seems. Java was always encumbered with patents and licensing restrictions especially for mobile usage, which came out the ugly way as we know with the latest Oracle's lawsuit. Even though Oracle didn't succeed, but nevertheless there was always a risk. I guess Microsoft didn't want to depend on that, but on the other hand wanted to leverage familiarity with Java to lure Java developers into using C#. Rather boring and uninspiring move (creating a close clone), but Sun can be partially blamed for not making Java truly free (like C++ for example). Facebook is defective by design as a social network. It's for profit driven, privacy abusing and etc. and etc. It's a pity that it became a virtual monopoly. Same bad as happened with Windows on the desktop. If company behaves indecently (like Apple does) it deserves to be boycotted. The fact that it's influential is even a bigger reason to boycott it. Influential crooks are more dangerous. If the patent system is so broken that it's abused by all kind of trolls (including Apple), do you think courts can fix it? Only patent reform can change something. And meanwhile, boycotting works too. Courts don't create laws, they interpret and apply them. Laws are created by the legislative power (i.e. congress). Courts is the judicial power. I.e. to fix this mess, legislative power needs to reform the patent law. Here is a proposal: https://defendinnovation.org How is it irrelevant? Consumers should not support companies which engage in crooked anticompetitive behavior. Our choices should be based on something more than how they treat consumers. It's like "blood diamonds". They might be all nice and sparkling, but really stained in blood. Do you think it's enough to look just at the external value? It's not enough. It's good to vote with your wallet, boycotting companies which engage in unethical business practices. I'm surprised they don't attempt to patent Von Neumann architecture, or even the concept of algorithm itself. > The fact is that the patent office is basically rubber stamping most patents and relying on patent invalidation processes within the legal system to resolve issues. Which is expensive. It should work other way around. Those who file such patents need to spend money to prove that this stuff is really innovative and for some real experts. Current patents system is pure farce. It's offensive enough to show disrespect towards unethical business practices in which Apple engages (such as abusing patent law for anticompetitive purposes). > Our choices should always be about how companies treat people That's correct. That's why companies which promote lock in, stifle innovation with software patents abuse, and etc. cause damage to society. I.e. they treat people badly, for the sake of their profit. > Samsung is not excluded from the list and one of the reasons that this thread exist. I'm not following every single example, but when did Samsung exactly act as patent aggressor? Most cases that come to mind were in defense to others aggressive patent threats (namely Apple's). Apple doesn't hesitate to act as patent aggressor on the other hand. There is a difference between defensive attack, and outright aggression. It's still using Android graphics stack, so it's not that exciting. Tizen at least uses X.org with plans to use Wayland which is the way forward. I hope Mozilla will find vendors to use Wayland for B2G as well. I.e. Android graphics stack (when it's the only option) prevents device from being hackable, i.e. for porting other distros on it (Mer/PlasmaActive, Nemo etc.). Tizen devices with X.org/Wayland drivers will be better in that regard. I'm not saying that what they did isn't useful at all. I said it's not exciting, since these upcoming devices will be again Android (compatible) only. Rather boring, but it's not Mozilla's fault, but manufacturers'. They don't produce open specs for their hardware, and don't provide X.org/Wayland drivers either. There is no need for specific port. Just minor modifications in B2G in order not to depend on any Android infrastructure. It's mostly OpenGL ES dependent: https://wiki.mozilla.org/B2G/Architecture#Gecko:_Graphics Just instead of any Android layers, it'll use OpenGL ES provided with Wayland stack. I was asking, commenting on what jaebrown said earlier, quote: this is business and we people should just let it play itself out in court. So I asked: do you think courts (alone) can fix it? I.e. really courts won't help, until the law is fixed. New or next. Same thing in new package. Microsoft is a proprietary dinosaur of the previous era, which doesn't realize its time is slowly running out. Switch to social networks which respect users' privacy. For example to Diaspora. Facebook and Google+ can't be "fixed" in that regard. Just avoid using them if you care. That's why normal social network should not have profit goals which exploit users' privacy. It should serve the purpose of social interactions, and not the goal of profiting on users' profiles sold to third parties. I was primarily referring to the drivers architecture (which is incompatible and useless for X.org and Wayland). I mean in practice, Firefox OS targeted devices won't have X.org/Wayland GPU drivers, only Android ones. It's not important for immediate goals of Mozilla, since squeezing regular Linux graphic drivers from vendors is a horror. But it doesn't help other distros (like Mer/PlasmaActive and etc.), if they decide to make ports to these devices. It may be not Mozilla's primary goal to promote conventional mobile Linux, but in practice these devices won't help that cause (at least for now), so I feel like they won't be enough of "open devices" in that sense. On the other hand, if X.org/Wayland based devices will appear (like upcoming Mer/Vivaldi tablet), Mozilla can enable B2G to run on them as well, since they'll provide sufficient support for OpenGL ES. Nokia can't. They contributed to Meego (which is inherited in Mer) under the terms of GPL. All they can do is to bite their elbows now for ditching Meego. I didn't really get why he proposed to call it Chubb crater. Chubb didn't discover it or anything. Did they avoid using bats for copyright reasons?-) Cat doesn't cut it as much as bat I guess. Luckily it's going to be W3C standard, and Apple and MS won't be able to use their lame excuses to avoid implementing it in their browsers, like they did for Vorbis, VP8 and etc. Because it'll show that they aren't supportive of Web standards and they'll look like complete fools - bad PR for them. That's why they were sabotaging any attempts to make other open codecs (like VP8) an official standard for HTML5 video. It's much harder for them to explain why they oppose official Web standards, than just to say they aren't supporting one of the optional codecs. Why not. They might propose using VP8 combined with Opus (not sure how it'll be called) for video. The problem however is in the same lack of support, since VP8 is still boycotted by Apple and MS so far. The bottom line - do your math and avoid lock-ins like CDMA. For example N900/N9 users in US always used prepaid plans, since those devices were never subsidized in States. And it does come out cheaper overall. The main reason why providers try to underplay non contract plan is the lock-in. They don't want users to switch easily, which is possible with GSM devices and non contract plans. Many prepaid plans don't offer any handsets. You need to bring your own and just buy a SIM card. The whole practice of capping the bandwidth is rather crooked, but it exits all the same even on the contract plans. One piece from there is especially notable: Microsoft notes that It must also be flexible: there should also be no fixed ties to specific codecs, media formats or other scenarios. The story is strangely familiar to video/audio tag mess. Avoiding specification of required codecs will give companies like MS and Apple their regular excuse to ignore open codecs. I think W3C needs to dodge this sneaky trick and put Opus in the standard explicitly. Nothing prevents extending WebRTC with more codecs beyond the required standard minimum, but enforcing the least common denominator is a must, to avoid the repeating of complete failure of ubiquitous video/audio tag. And that standard choice should be an open royalty free codec. Design looks somewhat "tabletized" with oversized controls intended making usage of capacitive touchscreens easier. Desktop version of the site doesn't need such oversized controls - they don't look pretty and unnecessary eat useful space. It's nicely done though for the mobile optimized version. It's hard to comprehend how can anyone take Nathan Myhrvold's statements as serious. His whole business is built on the patent racket. Intellectual Ventures produce nothing, help nothing, and do nothing, except filling Nathan Myhrvold pockets. Well, they also serve as lackeys to Apple and Microsoft in their patent wars against competitors, but that just only makes them worse anyway. There is a reason why they are doing this. MS and Apple want to get away from the MAD patent balance, so trolls are eager to help: http://www.project-disco.org/intellectual-property/loose-nuk... They surely plan to lock the industry into their new closed codec for another long time, since patents on H.264 will eventually expire. Will anyone come out with improved open codecs to counter that for the sake of open Web? They don't want you to get along with H.264 just fine when H.264 patents will expire. That's why they are pushing for renewed codec. And the only way such thing can become free, is if someone would buy all patents on it (like Google did for VP8 with On2), and release the codec as free. But unlike the story with On2, with so many parties involved in MPEG-LA it's simply impossible. It's their perpetual cash cow, and they want to keep it that way, while it goes against the interests of the open Web. Bandwidth is still far from perfect in many cases (especially on mobile). So it matters a lot. I was referring to the MPEG-LA (the patent related entity) not to the ISO working group. The new spec is coming from the technical participants, whose patents are managed by MPEG-LA. The patents of the resulting codec will be obviously managed by MPEG-LA as before, and they don't want the situation when H.264 patents will expire and the industry would get away from the lock in into their closed codec. They want the closed part to persist. The intentions of improving technical side of the codec are also there, but it comes along with expanding the time of the patent grip on the whole thing. You can take a look at http://www.mpegla.com/main/programs/AVC/Pages/PatentList.asp... It mentions which ones are expired, but it doesn't say how much longer the remaining ones will be valid. They should better focus on cleaning up D* code, solid federation and security (such as end to end encryption and etc.). Flashy UI is really secondary. Lot's of people feel that D* is unpolished and lacks advertised features like moving from pod to pod, real solid federation and so on. D* developers said they didn't abandon those, but they surely look distracted with too much UI stuff in Mark. The problem is, with these perpetual upgrades (which undoubtedly will be patented from the the present time) they want to stretch it well beyond 15 years. Luckily H.264 is not a standard in any way, since W3C removed any specific codecs from the video/audio tag spec. In general yes, but in D* case the team is so small, that core devs do all work including UI and backend. Unless I misunderstood their situation. The problem is not in low value of memes creation. It may be useful and interesting for someone (and useless and not interesting for others). The problem is in the limited resources of the Diaspora team, which are scattered on another project now, leaving Diaspora underdeveloped. There is some talk that it's really for the sake of Diaspora architectural redesign, which will lead to improving federation and etc, but I'm not convinced yet, since now Makr is positioned as a "service" which drags in support and etc. reducing resources available for Diaspora even more. So you can understand why many people who support the Diaspora project are seriously upset about it. Well, they can probably do whatever they want with new projects, but if they decided to slow down Diaspora development, they had to reach out to the community with explicit statement that they are changing focus now. This never happened, on the contrary D* team said that they aren't dropping D* (however they didn't clarify if they slow down D* development). And it's not about demanding new features - the most core advertised features which were intended for Diaspora from the beginning aren't complete yet. I'm not sure if they wanted to turn it into "for profit" thing. It's a FOSS project, not a for profit venture. Though the project needs to be sustainable of course. That's simple. Dip and fountain pens allow you to create lines of different thickness, which can result in interesting calligraphy. It's simply impossible with ball pens which produce constant thickness lines. Great news. No, privacy is really required for something that aims to compete with Facebook, simply because Facebook can't compete on privacy. I'm not sure if I understood the question, but if you mean how user control is related to the decentralized structure, then the answer is in the question. Decentralization essentially prevents one entity from being in control, and in edge case control is given to a user who runs a personal pod for single Diaspora account. I think encryption is good to have and D* devs had it in some further plans. But it's probably not the first priority, until federation protocol is rock solid. Linux by no means should be limited to power users. It should be (and is) a universal OS. Ask Mozilla how they manage to distribute their tarballs which work on all major distros. No Android please! Linux desktop is shifting from X.org to Wayland, and Wayland is making inroads into mobile as well. Android is really a completely side thing for conventional Linux. His answer about Internet freedom was not to the point, sounded more like standard blank political talk without essence. And why not? Tell me that. C++ is a widely used industrial language. The problem with Android is its diverging from the Linux desktop path (i.e. X11->Wayland). Being completely incompatible put Android apart and it arguably can't be called a Linux desktop at all. The split it caused in the mobile devices (with no drivers available except for Android) is a horror, and like Aaron Seigo called it - Android is the best friend and the worst enemy . The real future of the Linux desktop and mobile is Wayland, and Android it seems will stay apart forever, going its own path. That's not the point (many of the mobile devices already have a USB and HDMI). The point is - Android incompatible architecture put it apart from the rest of the Linux world. And it's a horror to squeeze X.org or Wayland drivers (as well as other Linux drivers) from the mobile manufacturers, when they say "we are too busy with Android". Users like what's comfortable and functional to use. But those who create it - are developers. Regular mobile Linux has hard time presenting existing software solutions to the user because of the hardware barrier reason. And not because they are in any way inferior to the Android user experience (if anything - they are superior). I.e. there are practically no manufacturers which provide closed Linux drivers or open specs (so open source drivers could be created). They mostly only care to provide Android drivers. Hopefully Jolla and Plasma Active will help to break through somehow. This situation is caused by Android's historic roots, since it started as a proprietary project, and didn't take in account any interests of the Linux community. The fact that it was open sourced later didn't really change anything - it's de facto completely separate from the Linux desktop as well as from the mobile Linux varieties which share the effort with the desktop distros. Wayland was created with collaboration in mind. Android architecture - was not. It's not that it "can't". It's just that would be bad for Linux even more. Do you want the sick situation with mobile drivers to spread to desktop as well? No, thanks. Also, Android is rather narrow in its capabilities comparing to normative Linux. No need to cripple the desktop like that. It's going to be other way around - normative Linux will start competing with Android in the mobile sphere. Mac OSX is paired with limited hardware choice which is far from best. With Linux you can build any system you want up to very high end computers. It's unmatched in flexibility. Yeah, he avoided the killer question which busts his logic. Then why didn't the judge ask it? Nokia's giving away Qt was the final sign of their move towards the road of no return. It was good for Qt though, since Nokia has no interest in it anymore and could only hinder any progress. Nokia is history now. Why make it particularly SIP and not for example Jingle based? And there is no need to build anything. Just use regular XMPP servers infrastructure. Security can be achieved with ZRTP and OTR, though current implementation of secure XMPP/Jingle clients is still lacking. Can anyone explain in general what is the point in WhatsApp which isn't compatible with anything except itself, vs normative XMPP/Jingle client through which one can communicate with any user from federated XMPP servers? I have hard time understanding why new closed (walled garden) IM networks appear in these day and age. So the only point was in avoiding one time step like adding an account to the client (like users do with e-mail too) / or registering on some XMPP server? Still it hardly justifies creating more walled networks (unless they allow federation and regular XMPP communication with their servers). That's understandable, but my question was about creating WhatsApp vs making a regular conformant XMPP/Jingle client which also simply works through TCP and UDP. The later gives free choice of what XMPP server to use and allows communicating with users of other federated servers. WhatsApp allows communicating only with WhatsApp if I understand correctly. To a degree they do, since users of one walled network can't communicate with users of other walled ones, and if they want they need to create an account in each of them. While federated XMPP is like e-mail, i.e you can use one ID to communicate with users from many servers. So there is an obvious comfort even for the end user. You see, so what stops them all from implementing their clients and servers using conformant XMPP with enabled federation? Can your Facebook messenger connect you to users of WhatsApp and vice versa? No. With Federated XMPP it'd just work. Is it just their greed, or lack of thinking? Actually Facebook does use XMPP, and I think even WhatsApp in some way internally does, but Facebook server lacks federation, and WhatsApp isn't even conformant to standard XMPP. In the end - you have no way to connect the two. This situation resembles the early period of the Internet, when users of Compuserve couldn't send e-mails to users of AOL (and other way around). It sounds completely weird today, but how is this situation with IM networks different? Understandably there are historic isolated networks (AOL, MSN etc.) which predate any serious federation efforts, and even they are slowly enabling XMPP in some ways. But creating new closed ones in the present time is just weird and only serves to make the situation worse. > you can talk to any of your friends if they install the app Yes, that's exactly the catch. Why should you require them to install anoter app if they might already use some other IM network? Approach of WhatsApp may be simplifies the initial registration step, but it adds to the global mess of the non interoperable IM networks. Negative impact way outweighs any potential comfort benefits, and authors who promote such things are to be blamed for it. > Everybody with a phone already has one, so they don't have to do the whole 'create/verify an ID/password' dance Actually you might want to do it, since numbers change, while IDs don't. Plus you want to authenticate the other party if for example you need a secure conversation (such as with OTR). I'm not really directing this critique to WhatsApp users, rather to WhatsApp authors, who exploit users' comfort of no configuration vs one time configuration / registration, while causing with that a proliferation of walled networks. They are not doing a good service to users at large. One time configuration / registration is not really a burden. All users are familial with that process. And they don't do it each time they read their e-mail for example. As I said, the negative impact of non interoperability proliferation is way more significant. "Occupied territories" aren't a country though. Otherwise the domain should be related to Egypt or Jordan (whose territories are supposedly "occupied"). The result looks reassuring, that there are still people who care about their privacy. (I'm not using Facebook and Twitter both). Requiring to sign in with FB or Twitter is disrespectful. If some site offers external authentication, let it use OpenID or BrowserID already. Jordan and Egypt have recsinded any claims to those territories That's exactly my point why those territories aren't occupied. The only way to call them occupied if Egypt or Jordan would still claim their authority over them. But as you said - they don't. Therefore while their status isn't clear, they aren't occupied. I.e. they are not more occupied by "Israeli Civil Authority", as they are occupied by the "Palestinian Authority" (i.e. Fatah and Hamas). At least that's how I view it. Oslo agreements weren't supported by Arabs (de facto), therefore they are morally void for a long time already. UN might support the idea of "occupied" terminology, but UN isn't the only entity who defines it. If the book is publicly available in a variety of formats already, who needs Amazon at all? Talks about Mer, Nemo and Jolla Mobile. I think all of this is close to be pointless, when there is an abundant and sickening Windows bundling problem which persists until present day. End users don't care about any ISVs, ABIs and other such matters, and some even don't have a clue about OS names. They buy a computer with an OS preinstalled. And guess what that OS is? That's the problem which needs to be solved first. The rest as the author admits, will be solved under the market pressure. And what does Linux not provide, that the common user needs? The most common use cases are covered by modern Linux desktop more than enough. When you are starting to go to more specialized use cases (gaming, publishing, etc.) then Linux will fall behind. But they are arguably not the majority. So the common reason not to give an option of Linux (or no OS) is not because Linux is really lacking in functionality, but because of either deals with MS (i.e. reduced Windows price), or because of lack of demand (i.e. the same "network effect"). But demand is hard to build if such option doesn't even exist as an option for an unaware customer. So it's a vicious cycle, which is of course well fed by MS to persist. Have you considered that windows is good enough for the end users and represents good value? Same as Linux in this day and age (if user has such option). The reason no market share destroying competition has appeared is that people are quite happy apart from a minority of users who are quite vocal. With this logic any kind of monopoly can be justified, but it doesn't make monopoly good per se. Artificial lack of competition is bad. consider that are more windows power users than there are mac users and Linux users combined. Network effect is part of the problem, but the bundling issue is just a method to feed it. So one way to break it - is to remove the bundling blocker to allow fair competition. Arguably, the majority of PC users don't care about heavy gaming. While gamers are an important factor, they aren't the blocker for any OEM to provide an option of Linux preinstalled. There are lot's of people who use their computers merely for browsing, reading e-mails and some minimal document editing and multimedia like audio/video. Many don't even use desktop office applications, using some web services for that. And Libre Office or Calligra are decent options as well. The age of immature office options on the Linux desktop is gone. Outlook is a rather heavy monstrosity. There are better e-mail clients out there, including those on Linux. I'd rather call them users. Consumers doesn't sound so good. It's degrading, because not only tech enthusiasts can use computers for creative activity, becoming producers, rather than consumers. How many users use 100% of functionality of MS Office? And what part of functionality most users use? We were not talking about drop in replacements, were were talking about satisfying enough needs of a common user. There always can be cases of some functionality lacking. But for common needs - Libre Office is way more than enough already. Google's options are way too limited comparing to desktop applications, but they work well for some use cases. I find Libre Office more than satisfactory for above average complexity document editing. And while it can lack some obscure functions of MS office, I just probably never needed them in the first place. Honestly, besides gaming (which becomes better with maturing Wine) I don't see how Linux lacks in any functions you mentioned i.e. DVD burning, legal music downloads (one can use Banshee with Amazon for example) and etc. and etc. The only issue can be that of unfamiliarity, but it's not a functional issue. Any decent digital player can work with Linux (and I don't consider iPod to be decent one ;). UI unfamiliarity is not equal to the lack of functionality in the program itself. Comfortable feeling about UI is also a subjective matter to a degree, so what works well for some is irritating for others. I think they care, but they have their constraints. They'd rather polish and add important functionality first, rather than radically redo the whole design. After the LibreOffice / OpenOffice split it's still probably not at the point of such step. But I'm sure at some point they'll address it. >Many people have heard of it, certainly, but they often have some vague idea that it's a command-line interface for ultra nerdy experts. That's why Android and Ubuntu both avoid using the word 'Linux' in their public branding. That actually is a lack of gratitude and failure to improve Linux image on their part. But I agree with the rest of the above. Removing the bundling won't magically solve all issues, but it's a huge blocker which prevents any kind of solutions from reaching the broader audience. > You can buy PC's with it preinstalled and buy PCs with no operating system so you can install it. This sounds like a fairy tale, given how many problems people have with claiming the Windows refund alone, let alone getting alternative OSes preinstalled. And no OS option? Virtually non existent, except may be for corporate customers and servers. > I don't think Microsoft is a monopoly They formally avoid antitrust regulations by delegating the refund to OEMs (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_refund ), but it doesn't change the factual situation - Windows is bundled practically by all major OEMs, and you hardly can find an option of Linux preisntalled or no OS for those OEMs. Getting a refund for Windows is a burden which one has to fight through, do you think it's not an artificial restriction on the competition? I think it is, and it needs to be broken. Yes, MS tries to hook schools early on. But no one stops teachers and school stuff from rejecting MS offers and going with Linux. And it does happen in different places. It means to the best of authors' knowledge. It is unencumbered, unless someone proves that it is encumbered. That's the whole point. They have no proof to show, because really those codecs are not violating any patents. But they want to create fear to ban competition. Let them present their patents and try to sue, then you can say something is encumbered. Until now they engaged in empty threats and demagogy. They make tons of money by dominating the market, and when some potential completion shows up they try to prevent its adoption by spreading empty FUD. So it has nothing to do with patent encumbrance, it's just about their greed and thirst for market domination. They won't present their patents until there's a big haul of cash to be extracted. Algorithms are already implemented and software which uses them is distributed broadly. Where are their court cases? Until those patent trolls (trolls as in spreading FUD) actually show what those patents are, they can't say that anything is encumbered. And they themselves have no idea about what they are. So whatever lies they spread now, even if it comes from Jobs, is simply irrelevant. You can easily find VP8 used on Youtube. Not big enough? Those predators wouldn't hesitate to sue, if they'd have something to bite with. But they have no teeth. You can come up with any kind of arguments or guesses about why they don't sue, but the bottom line - they didn't provide any proofs, so their FUD doesn't worth anyone's time, and these codecs can be considered unencumbered and free to use (and that's what's happening to their displeasure). The citation above was about video codecs, FUD about which is spread by MPEG-LA, who never showed any patents as a proof. Opus is another story, since Qualcomm and Huawei listed supposedly violated patents, so Opus creators were able to review them and to confirm that those claims are bogus. For general population, Linux became the name of the whole stack of related technologies rather than the kernel name, so not using it (by Ubuntu at least) is a disservice to everyone involved. I'm OK with Android not using it, since they are too far apart from the rest of the Linux world anyway and aren't benefiting global Linux community much. Just my 2 cents. They are prohibited by Apple to be even built with iOS SDK, if they interpret the code downloaded from the Web, which is naturally the case with browsers and JavaScript. History of Mozilla UI: http://liveweb.archive.org/http://www.andrewturnbull.net/moz... http://liveweb.archive.org/http://www.andrewturnbull.net/moz... http://liveweb.archive.org/http://www.andrewturnbull.net/moz... http://liveweb.archive.org/http://www.andrewturnbull.net/moz... History of Mozilla mascot: http://www.davetitus.com/mozilla/ Archive of old browsers and original Mcom.com site: http://www.jwz.org/blog/2008/03/happy-run-some-old-web-brows... http://home.mcom.com/archives/ http://home.mcom.com Or rather history tends to repeat itself :) http://www.debian.org/donations If you use Firefox, you can set plugins.click_to_play to true in about:config. Of course it won't help for HTML5 content which starts playing automatically, but it can improve performance with making Flash playable only on demand. That's why N9 makes more sense. I hope Jolla will make a handset that will work on all major GSM networks in US. That's strange. Right now they list 5 GB plan as $70/month: http://prepaid-phones.t-mobile.com/monthly-4g-plans?clicked=... And usually their non contract plans are cheaper. They do offer another 5 GB plan for $30, but with 100 minutes / month for calls. Even better - it's a federated XMPP server, allowing you to communicate with users of other federated XMPP services like jabber.org. Any XMPP/Jingle complaint client should work, but there can be rough edges in general. You should be able to call any XMPP (Jabber) users if their server is federated (and they have a client with XMPP/Jingle support of course). I.e. not only to the users of Google's XMPP server. And it's the same sick idea as Whatsapp - another walled and non interoperable IM network. Interoperable solutions should use a standard protocol and be able to communicate with other servers. Like e-mail for example. For instant messaging such standard is XMPP (Jabber), and when server has federation enabled - it allows communication with users of other XMPP servers. "Having an app" for various OSes is not called interoperable. Going back to e-mail analogy, one can expect to use any e-mail client, and to send messages to users of any e-mail server. Without any need to use one kind of client and being restricted to communicate with users of one e-mail server only. The same thing should be in the field of instant messaging, and such thing is already possible with XMPP. Those who proliferate non interoperable networks (Whatsapp, iMessage or whatever) - are plain wrong and should be ashamed doing it in this day and age. Looking at history - e-mail had to overcome the same problem. At some point, major public e-mail services were walled, like AOL and Compuserve not being interoperable. Luckily today for e-mail such thing is unimaginable. But with IMs - it just persists. And in big part, those who create new walled networks can be blamed. Rust indeed looks very promising. I hope it'll pick up usage beyond Mozilla internal projects. Would be better if they'd drop using DRM. Let's hope GOG will follow with shipping native Linux games. With their DRM free stance - they'll be very well received by Linux users. If you are interested, you can vote to show them that there is a demand for it: http://www.gog.com/en/wishlist/site/add_linux_versions_of_ga... For GOG installers you can simply use innoextract to unpack all the files, to avoid using installer through Wine: http://constexpr.org/innoextract/ The proposal above is really more about giving an option of native Linux games when they are available. Often GOG offers a Windows version, while Linux or Mac OSX variants aren't offered even if they exist. Having a DosBox / ScummVM games packaged for Linux is good, but that's not the main point of that vote. I really don't like DRM in general. Valve's move to Linux has its pluses, I'm not denying it. But DRM is a fat minus. I'm not sure what you mean. How does DRM add any value to Steam? I.e. what would be worse there if it could drop DRM? The way I see it - DRM never adds any value, and it's a two fold problem. The practical aspect of it - it degrades usability for legitimate users as you pointed out. And the ethical aspect of it - it's a preemptive policing technology that treats users as potential criminals by default. In my opinion it doesn't have any reason to exist at all. And actually you can dismiss it just for the fact of promoting DRM, since DRM means disrespect to users by default. The problem is, that if it aspires to be a generic channel for distributing software besides games, the DRM side if it is bad enough to be concerned, even if it won't replace other open channels. While that may be true, the focus here is different. Whether the game is closed or open source is developers' decision, while using or not using DRM is the distributor's decision. So in this case the complaint is addressed to Valve as a distributor who promotes DRM. In contrast GOG as a distributor is against any DRM. May be. They said they are interested in feedback though. Request for supporting Linux already got 6000 votes. At some point I hope they'll start paying attention. They aren't rent seekers. They are protection racket money extortionists. That depends. Those who like reading folklore and legends actually appreciate such style. I like it too. So not everyone finds it hard to read. But it's not some casual fantasy for sure. Along the same lines was Diaspora, which ended up being a spectacular failure, but not before garnering a huge amount of attention. This is not true. Diaspora is not a failure. > Give me a profession remotely close to programming in the following ways: Little or no required education... > Programming is money for nothing. This is not called programming. It's called monkey job. Programming requires education (i.e. being a knowledgeable professional in computing, software engineering and so on) and it's not money for nothing by any means. Looking at the title, I thought for a moment that Apple tried to patent some color %) They did already patent rectangular shapes after all ;) Breaking DRM and making personal backups should be the first step for those who use such services. May be you consider it a rental, but most consider it a purchase. That's why throwing out DRM and making a backup should be expected the moment you buy some ebook. It should be legal per fair use. But this is gray area. Logic wise - it should be 100% legal. But laws are often broken and stuff like DMCA is really messy. EULAs can't override laws. Even if you break the EULA for legitimate purpose - you aren't necessarily breaking any laws. Point is, EULA can't even restrict you for civil cases if it contradicts your rights. But that can vary from country to country. > Try Again Later I'd say - dump MS. Try something that treats developers as humans. Is there any decline of PC? I didn't notice. How does it show any decline? PC market is stable and only grows. Especially in the corporate sphere. All this talk about tablets killing PC - is pure idiocy. Tablets are toys in comparison to PCs. Only when mobile computers will develop to be real PC alternatives (i.e. offering equivalently ergonomic user interfaces - hollographic and what not), one can start talking about them replacing PCs. While they use touchscreen input, they'll remain alongside PCs. Some people, who don't use computers extensively. But most - are using both, PCs and mobile computers. Current interface of mobile devices isn't comparable and can't possibly replace PC ergonomics (keyboard, monitor and etc.). Real alternative would be some holographic interface that pops out in the air from a computer a size of a grain. That's an alternative to PC ergonomically. Not the current day tablets or handsets. Key factor here is ergonomics of computer's interfaces that humans use. The size of the computer itself is much less relevant. It can be a desktop, a mobile computer, a super portable tiny computer. But the human interface is more or less of a constant, given that we, humans, tend to have certain physical parameters which aren't changing despite any technology advancing. That's why computers with keyboards and wide screens aren't going anywhere, until other real alternative human interfaces will be developed. Touchscreens are good for what they do, but they are no substitute for keyboards, mouses and wide screens by any means. Are you a writer creating your next magnum opus? Or student who rushes to finish some course work in time? Try doing it on the touchscreen. Are you creating some music or videos? You won't exchange your wide screen editor with tons of controls for any degraded touch screen experience. Are you a developer who uses IDE? Forget about touchcreen tablets - keyboards and monitors are your friends. Are you a hardcore gamer? You won't give up your keyboard and mouse and your high end GPU/CPU for any tablet for sure. And etc. and etc. What I'm trying to say, is that tablets interfaces aren't replacing regular (i.e. classic PC) interfaces such as keyboards, mouses and wide screens. They are only complementing them. So all this talks about tablets killing PCs is nonsense. For some you don't need them, but for some they are a hard requirement. It means they aren't going to be replaced by tablets. Tablets can take some percentage of activities that used to be done on regular computers - that's true. But not all by any means. Therefore talks about "killing" - are not to the point. When some revolution in the interfaces will happen, and new methods will replace keyboards mouses and wide screens - then one can say the classic PC is obsolete. But that time is not here yet. No, this can't replace keyboards and wide screens because of incomparable productivity. More like holographic screens and input devices which can take a size of a big monitor (or bigger) and offer convenient interaction methods, while not taking really any space. What I meant, is something along these lines: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKyQhriOrD0 Yeah, try playing some latest RPGs like Witcher 2 and etc. on a touch screen. Comments are welcome ;) Those who need fast typing won't exchange keyboard for a touch screen ever. I didn't say touch screen isn't useful. But it's not a satisfactory replacement for older technologies like keyboards. It's just a useful addition. Replacements will come later. Good news. Now I hope DRM free distributors like GOG will start paying more attention to Linux. They are planning to improve it, but there are issues along the way: http://www.h-online.com/open/news/item/NVIDIA-wants-to-remov... There probably is no point in it, since there are enough general purpose distros already, which can be perfectly used for gaming, and benefit from improved drivers. Improved drivers benefit everyone. Even Wine based games will run better. So kudos to Valve and Nvidia for working on it. Yes, though arguments weren't too convincing. Here is another answer from CDPR/GOG about Linux: http://www.pcgamer.com/2012/10/24/cd-projekt-red-interview-c... There is no need to go Ubuntu only. See how Humble Indie Bundle packaged Torchlight. It works on many major distros, DEB, RPM based and etc. No, I don't think he meant that. It's rather trivial. He mean bigger discrepancies across distros. Think one of them using X.org while other already jumping to Wayland and etc. Packaging is a trivial thing to solve in comparison. Since you can download them directly anyway - it doesn't really matter. Number 17 doesn't look to be extraordinary, it actually was commonly given in Moscow State University (on math and computer science departments) until recently, when oral examinations were removed altogether. In general such discrimination against Jews in Moscow State University was commonplace until the beginning of 1990s, and is gone since then. May be, on the other hand it's DRMed. Those who avoid DRM probably don't prefer it. Don't call semi-officially government sanctioned antisemitism with stupid euphemisms. It's plain insulting. Here you go: http://arxiv.org/abs/1110.1556 Better don't tell this "wisdom" to those who were discriminated in Russia. They won't appreciate it. Here authors also filtered problems which have relatively "simple" solution (which is hard to find). The problems used to fail students included those with extremely hard (or non existent) solutions. Andrei Sakharov once commented, that he reviewed those kind of math problems, and was perplexed by their complexity. Universities had national census not only for Jews obviously. This doesn't preclude the fact of that it was manifestation of antisemitism. If you don't get it - there is little point in explaining it to you. I don't need to complain. Just further ignore your pointless flaming in this thread. Jews were not completely kept out. There were admitted with a census. I.e. there was a fixed small percentage that was permitted to be accepted, and the rest were to be rejected using these kind of tactics. The obviously antisemitic nature of those methods was practically government sanctioned, but nowhere officially articulated. This existed until USSR fell apart in the beginning of 1990s. Since then this discrimination is practically gone. (Now there are no oral exams altogether anyway). I disagree. The policy was "official" in a sense of coming from above. But they attempted to wrap it around in "natural causes". > but the article and comments imply the examiners had full ability to reject Jews. This was simply impossible. There are multiple evidences that it was going on. I'm not familiar with exact mechanics of how those failure problems were given to undesirables (it was before my time). But it's a historic fact that it was happening on a massive scale. There were even "Jewish" institutes, like MIIT which got disproportionally big percentage of Jews, because of the census policy in MSU (Mekhmat & VMK). > Sorry to learn the oral test is gone. In many colleges there are no entry tests at all these days. Major ones like MSU have written exams. See https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%95%D0%B4%D0%B8%D0%BD%D1%8B... Apple understands only the logic of MAD (Mutual Assured Destruction). Not sure what the downvoters tried to show, but above statement is simply self obvious. Patent aggressors (which Apple is) relent only under the threat of defensive patent action. Thus, comparison with MAD is natural and expected. Don't be disillusioned, thinking that Apple is all white and furry. It has teeth, and hides them only when scared that they'll be beaten out. Rather they have poor grasp on reality - people will break DRM no matter what idiotic laws will such "lawmakers" pass. Well, nothing is ever guaranteed. Remember Fahrenheit 451? Such kind of vision while seems far fetched can happen if people let it happen. Well, I know when Perestroika started, but I gave it a bit of a margin, since I can't say for sure when precisely it affected this discrimination. It's known to be gone for sure in the 1990s. Could be, it started in 1989. That's rather strange for Apple then, to cut the branch they sit on. > “Money doesn’t buy happiness” and it shouldn’t be your primary reason to accept or leave a job. Great phrase. Why sad? It just proves the point - they probably weren't sincere to begin with. Even if some within there would want it, others would sabotage any such attempt. Their dependence on lobbyist money is too strong. Yeah, software patents should be given a rest - an eternal rest. > He noted that during a time of growing litigation in the smartphone industry, "innovation continues at an absolutely breakneck pace. In a system like ours in which innovation is happening faster than people can keep up, it cannot be said that the patent system is broken Innovation happens in spite of the sick patent system. Not because of it. I.e. if not for the system, innovation could have been even faster. > Indeed, Kappos suggested that the volume of patent litigation in the smartphone industry was a sign that the patent system was working as intended. This is lunacy. He suggests that the point of the patent system is increased litigation? He should look in the constitution more often. I'm still waiting for ZRTP to catch up in normal XMPP/Jingle clients like Pidgin and etc. Somehow support for it is really lacking. Yes, but it's still strongly lacking in most other clients to be useful. The only mistake in that was the word "near". It's purely ridiculous, since that method has nothing to do with security honestly saying. It's ironic, that in the comments section of the article it says: Comment using... Facebook . Some other obscure options aren't helpful either. Why can't one comment using Mozilla Persona or OpenID? If someone is criticizing Facebook (very reasonably), but at the same time requires Facebook to comment, it sounds hypocritical in the least. More on the subj itself - I'm not sure really what the author expected from FB. They don't care about users' privacy - period. I.e. they don't respect their users. If you don't appreciate it - quit using Facebook and use privacy respecting social networks. Not using Facebook is the only solution. Or to be more precise - instead, one should use tools which are built from the ground up for the sake of users and social networks, rather than for the sake of profit by exploiting users' profiles. Attempts to "cure" Facebook sound like attempts to tame poisonous snakes not to bite when they feed. It simply sounds like nonsense to me. Facebook from the start was for-profit thing directed by its owners, and never had any "users governance". If someone wants "for people, by the people" - let them use Diaspora*, Friendica or whatever else emerges on the horizon to fulfill that purpose. But if someone is using Facebook, they shouldn't complain that it doesn't respect its own users. That's the way it was built from the ground up. You use a false premise, that in order to create a social network, it has to be set up to profit from users information through advertisement. Who said it has to be so in the first place? I see. Well, I don't think there is a real way to "fix" Facebook in this regard. The problem should be approached on the deeper level - i.e. the whole network should be built differently. So other alternatives have a chance to be better. How are custom drivers set up there? I.e. can one use other distros there easily (let's say Debian or Fedora), or it's tied to that custom version of Ubuntu only? It's time for industries to wake up and to ditch all kind of content DRM altogether. > It seems that many of the seasoned developers have forgotten why we stopped using C++ and moved on to Java, C# and other modern languages. Did they? Somehow I didn't notice everyone moving to other languages :) C++ has its obvious strengths and is a widely used language. So it doesn't need to come back - it's already here. > C++ is the wrong direction for the future I could accept this argument only if author would focus on fundamental features that C++ doesn't readily provide - inherent concurrency safety for example and so on. So languages like Rust can be considered a better direction for the future which lies in massively multicore architectures. But C#? No, it's not a direction for the future in comparison to C++. Yes, if something can be considered a competing successor of C++ it has to be from the same compiled family of languages at least. That's very questionable. "For the Web" argument falls apart if you consider that Java applets are complete failure. The Web is ruled by JavaScript without any doubt (and if something, ActionScript/Flash programs on the Web are much more common than Java ones). And while as general purpose language Java is used quite a lot, it can't replace C++ for applications which require best performance. So Java really fills its own niche, and I wouldn't consider it as a full blown successor of C++, even if it was intended to be such. Rust got into more stable state with the last release. Comparison is not valid, since I'm considering many new projects. For example parallel computing (massive data processing) is mostly done in C++. Intensive 3D games are written in C++ as well. Just about anything that needs critical performance is written in C++. So we aren't talking just about legacy code, we are talking about new development. Look at Jolla startup. They use C/C++ primarily. Why would they buy this monstrosity? The only valid reason could be to convert it to proper XMPP, then I'd applaud them, but on the other hand Facebook's own IM service isn't federated, which defeats the purpose. So it doesn't look like it can improve Whatsapp in any way. Don't feel outdated in avoiding a sick technology. Did you mention to them that's it's insecure and proliferates walled IMs? Not that it can convince everyone to avoid it, but some are just unaware how bad it is. Whatsapp developers play on people's ignorance regarding security, as well as on apparent attractiveness of "ease of use" with skipping the registration step (which precisely causes all the security issues). It's a really nasty thing to do. Here is for the reference: http://www.h-online.com/security/news/item/Account-theft-sti... As a worthy alternative propose your friends to switch to any federated XMPP service. Why would people be OK with constant security risk, but not OK with one time registration step for normal XMPP service? XMPP clients are available for all major desktop and mobile platforms. So it's a really interesting psychological hook that Whatsapp developers catch their users on here, offering a completely inferior solution, with selling it of for the fake attraction. My point was, that start-ups differ. As well as technologies they focus on. Not all start-ups are about the Web and frontend tech. Many are about backend, others are about core technologies like mobile operating systems and so on. Numbers are not the point. But significance and impact are. Repeating my comments from the previous thread which was deleted for some reason: Why would people be OK with constant security risk, but not OK with one time registration step for normal XMPP service? XMPP clients are available for all major desktop and mobile platforms. So it's a really interesting psychological hook that Whatsapp developers catch their users on here, offering a completely inferior solution, with selling it of for the fake attraction. And it's a really nasty thing to do - to play on people's ignorance regarding security. So why would Facebook want to buy this monstrosity? The only valid reason could be to convert it to proper XMPP, then I'd applaud them, but on the other hand Facebook's own IM service isn't federated, which defeats the purpose. So it doesn't look like it can improve Whatsapp in any way. Whatsapp is a perfect example of how not to solve something in a crooked way. Whatsapp developers should be ashamed for exploiting people's ignorance, and for luring users with fake convenience of skipping one time registration step for the price of constant security risk. Why would you call a gem, a company which proliferates insecure walled IM gardens (based on non compliant XMPP which precludes using any normal clients), instead of advancing secure and federated IM networks based on standard XMPP interoperable with any compliant client? Their approach is really ugly. This puzzles me. Let's compare one time action of registration for secure XMPP service (where you have an option of choosing your own ID (JID) and password which you can change later), as well as an option of using a client with extra security like OTR for text messages and ZRTP for audio/video conferencing, with the client which lets you skipping one time step of registration, but gives it for the price of broken insecure approach of using predefined IDs and passwords based on the device ID? I'd say constant security risk outweighs the "burden" of one time registration step which is a pretty familiar for any user on the web and takes just a few seconds to complete. It's not a decent thing to do for Whatsapp developers to play on users ignorance. Why specifically iPad and not just mobile computers in general? iPad isn't the only tablet around you know. > But what’s foolish about publishing on a single platform? ... I publish only on the web Is he pretending not to understand, or he really doesn't know? Publishing on the web doesn't limit users, since web is an open and accessible platform (given that you have any decent browser). Publishing "to iPad" is artificially limiting your audience, because publishers weren't smart enough to use cross platform publishing technologies (PDF anyone?). So no - one platform publishing is plain stupid in this day and age. And no - the Web is not called one platform publishing either. Yes, if they want a classical publishing style in digital form - let them simply ship PDF which anyone can use wherever they want to. And if they want some interactive "bells and whistles" they should better use the web for that. Also many publishers are plagued with DRM paranoia, and instead of shipping their content in various forms they choose some awkward limited mechanism which requires device/tool X to read it. For example when you buy e-books through some web store, you don't expect all of them to be free, you pay and get your PDF/ePUB or whatever. So it's not an entirely foreign concept for the web. And comparison with regional physical newspaper distribution is not valid, since physical media is limited with physical space. Digital media is not - it can easily be distributed anywhere the network can reach, as far as publisher put just minimal effort to publish it in accessible form. So there is for sure nothing smart in limiting the distribution media to one isolated platform. > I don't deny that a larger audience may be better, but it adds overhead to support more platforms, so focusing on just one can be an advantage Publishers should however consider approaching their readers with respect. Limiting access to content with platform is not pleasant for those who don't use that platform. In case of physical books / magazines there is no such limitation. So spending some more resources to avoid offending potential readers is a worthy goal. Plus as I said that overhead doesn't sound to be that dramatic - what's so difficult in providing a link to a PDF? I only commented in the context of distribution limitations. As others pointed out, it wasn't really the main reason for this publication failure, but it was definitely a flaw regardless of other reasons. I understand the psychology involved, so my remark was rhetoric. One time comfort of avoiding registration lures users who are unaware of resulting security risks. In essence such tradeoff doesn't worth it. It's just unfortunate that such tricks are used by developers of Whatsapp - it's really indecent in my opinion. Also, instead of promoting federated XMPP (which idea is exactly one time registration and communication with all other federated services), Whatsapp promotes its own walled service. Double failure the way I see it. When will come the era of DRM free Netflix? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NSA_warrantless_surveillance_c... That's because RT dares to talk about what others don't. As well as it doesn't make it a lie. What's your point? The answer to the last question is self obvious. Most other media is more controlled by the US power, than RT (which doesn't make RT more objective by default, since it can be of course more controlled by other interesants, but still it makes it easier for them to review these kind of topics). How much other media covers EFF efforts in general for example? You are right - practically nobody does it. Let's rephrase it - who talks about it now? The problem still persists, if not even getting worse. So kudos to RT for paying attention to it, when others aren't. Since it persists - it's worth a remainder once in a while. > So the problem is, what does it mean for the public in general to care? That's actually simple - public should use strong encryption. That's it. I.e. those who care about such violation of civil freedoms have no other option anyway, if attempts to prevent this surveillance will continue to fail (and with the current power - they most probably will). There were interesting encryption related cases already: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2012/03/01/forced_decryption_ru... However I think if some state is to ban encryption, it can be called a police state without any doubt. Those who care anyway already use clients which support OTR with the same Google Talk or any other XMPP server like Pidgin, Adium, Jitsi and etc. Those who don't care won't use anything even within the Google Talk web application. Standalone XMPP clients anyway are way better than Google Talk web application, since they are more flexible and allow using several accounts at once. Many people run Linux on the desktop these days. And commonly cited numbers like 1% are way off (too low). On the contrary to how you described it - when people grow out of Mac OSX and Windows, they start using Linux on the desktop. > The big question though, is whether or not linux moving to consumer type interfaces is a good thing. See gnome 3, unity, etc. making things easier to use on the surface, but at the same time removing lots of the configurability and power that many linux users enjoy. Here is a good review of shifts in ideas behind various Linux DEs: http://www.datamation.com/open-source/experimentation-vs.-tr... I agree with the author that KDE made the wisest choice not to narrow options and to embrace various form factors with different design approaches (instead of lumping it all together into one mobile style UI). I didn't mean Android. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux_adoption#Measuring_deskto... I don' think Android is appropriate for the desktop. It's way inferior in comparison with regular Linux (i.e. GNU/Linux with glibc and etc.) and there simply is no point in using it that way. Probably the other way around - conventional Linux will make more inroads in the mobile sphere in the near future. The point was, that those models aren't comprehensive. So using that number is not better than using higher estimation. In reality - exact numbers are hard to come up with, but you can conclude that 1% is underestimation using indirect methods. Evaluating the skew in the web counters. Again - it's not a clear proof. Rather it's a reason not to take web counters like a proof. In :help it says: 'pronounce castle' to pronounce a word (say castle). (uses [:0] http://www.forvo.com/ ) When you type pronounce castle however - it searches for it, and doesn't pronounce anything. Sounds good. In general, it's time for more people to stop using contract plans with subsidized devices and higher monthly fee, and to start using non contract plans with full price devices and lower monthly fee. Of course if these monthly prices would really be lower. One reason why consoles from MS and Sony are bad is their obsessive DRM and the notion of turning a general purpose computer into a locked up appliance. But there is another architectural reason which is generic - consolized games degrade the quality of gaming interfaces by making them overly minimalistic (since consoles don't use keyboards), and even developers who release crossplatform games for PC and consoles often save time by not distinguishing these interfaces, and when you run the game on PC it feels crippled interface wise. So I'd say for gaming in general, consoles are a big disservice. We'll have to see how this will develop. What's wrong with this trend? High quality games require good performance. Find other alternatives to C++ which can offer the same performance, and you'll see more games developed using them (given that someone will write OpenGL interfaces for those languages). It was already posted: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4893902 Reposting a comment, since this threads seems to have picked up over the old one: --- One reason why consoles from MS and Sony are bad is their obsessive DRM and the notion of turning a general purpose computer into a locked up appliance. But there is another architectural reason which is generic - consolized games degrade the quality of gaming interfaces by making them overly minimalistic (since consoles don't use keyboards), and even developers who release crossplatform games for PC and consoles often save time by not distinguishing these interfaces, and when you run the game on PC it feels crippled interface wise. So I'd say for gaming in general, consoles are a big disservice. We'll have to see how this will develop. > So much of world history leaves out or minimizes the contributions of women, and so “of course” most of us had no idea who she was. This sounds amazing. I thought she's really well known amongst the techie crowd. This idea is way older. Various mystics already envisioned the metaphysical structure of the world in such way (i.e. creation of reality through symbolic transformation - computational idea similar to Markov's algorithms). See for example Taam Eytzo by R. Pinchas Eliyahu Horowitz of Vilna (18th century philosopher and mystic): http://www.hebrewbooks.org/21931 There are a few papers published on this subject: http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/01445340.2010.506... http://aleph.nli.org.il/F?func=find-b&request=000509568&... Stanislaw Lem actually has a story precisely on this subject. You can the deterioration of DirectX domination in the gaming market. I mean "you can add". The rise of mobile gaming and more interest in MacOSX and Linux brought more attention to OpenGL, SDL and etc. It definitely threatened the dominance of DirectX. Practical example: http://en.thewitcher.com/forum/index.php?/topic/33183-red-en... The problem is that you don't allow using normal commenting options (with Open ID or Persona) in addition to Facebook (if you need that one). So why can't it be called extreme? It's rather irritating to see sites requiring to have Facebook to comment (I don't use it). OpenID and Persona are the most flexible options. On the other hand, when it comes to the threat of TPP for the Internet, US doesn't complain (quite on the contrary). Does it sound hypocritical? He could know that from someone else. But from whom - is a separate question. I'd say not useless, but pointless, since we don't have information about that. You have it totally wrong. We shouldn't let US to push TPP on the rest. Surely we shouldn't let any ITU backed by Russia, Iran and the rest to do that either. My point was about apparent hypocrisy. When it comes to taking away control over Internet from US to others, US objects. But when it comes to adding more control in the interest of US lobby groups (which push TPP), US government is silent. We, as Internet users should worry about both of these problems the same way. Whether it's interesting or not to someone - is their choice. It's interesting for me as a historical example. Not surprising. Consider the government to be dreaming about 1984 and prepare to deal with it now. Whom do they think they are? The Dark Lord himself? Not exciting. I'll wait for my Jolla communicator. Didn't IBM help we know whom to sort their victims' data during the WWII? This kind of argument doesn't work. Most of the sources are in Hebrew and Aramaic. Though I couldn't find the transcription of the scrolls there. It could be very useful to place it right there on the site. The main benefit of it is universal access. Also, making backup of digital storage is way easier than preserving original copies. Sorry for off-topic but why specifically Silicon Valley? While it has many historical technological centers and is often hyped, it's not the only possible place to open a technological startup. They should include Xbill by default: http://xbill.org I'm not sure if they are working on it, but for example many Hebrew manuscripts in Vatican ( http://www.scribd.com/doc/27128629/Hebrew-Manuscripts-in-the... ) became available as microfilms for the Institute of Microfilmed Hebrew Manuscripts ( http://jnul.huji.ac.il/imhm/ ) At least some part of them were going to be digitized (see http://web.nli.org.il/sites/NLI/English/library/news/Pages/d... ). More Linux goodies, thanks HB! The magic is in more Linux games each time! Good riddance. Most mobile browsers do it for a long time already. So it's a good thing for everybody. Don't forget to vote for adding Linux games to GOG: http://www.gog.com/wishlist/site/add_linux_versions_of_games Not if you compare their stance on open standards in general. They are both bad and acting nasty with using lock-in in different forms. > That's where the LN-2 comes in. An elegant solution if you ask me. It's quite a classic solution for subway construction and restoration in the deep areas. In certain conditions, when tunnels get flooded with quicksand, liquid nitrogen can be used to isolate them. XMPP + OTR + ZRTP to the rescue. How does it compare to VP8? Theora can't compete with H.264. If something, VP8 could. They demonstrated that they value police state ideals over the civil liberties. Wasn't it expected? Is there any major migration from Linux to Mac OSX on the desktop? Did you see any statistics? Well, impressions of course can differ. I observe lot's of people moving from Windows to Linux, and never yet observed anyone moving from Linux to Mac OSX. But globally this probably doesn't mean much. It depends. For example if you use Nvidia driver and tools - they offer good and convenient multimonitor support out of the box. Without Nvidia it's quite messy, I agree. Surely it can depend on the computer and the kind of work you need to do. But I doubt there are any systems which "just work" for every single use case and scenario in the world. So if you found something that fits your particular needs (and wasn't achievable on Linux) - good. But for many use cases Linux is even better than Mac OSX. So it depends. * Bookmarking: Mozilla Sync. It works perfectly for all my web bookmarks. It's free software, free service (as free of charge), it's encrypted so no one else can peek there for advertisement or what not. And it obviously works right in the browser syncing between all your instances. * RSS: There are many different FOSS RSS aggregators. What do you need to pay for there? Akregator for example. * Social network: Diaspora. Ad free, privacy oriented, free software as well. Free service too (no fees). In essence, not every free service is built on breaching privacy of users to sustain itself. I'm using "Nvidia X Server settings" tool for setting multiple monitors. Never had any problems with it on my Debian testing. And configuring system is usually trivial. How long ago did you stop using Linux for the desktop? If it was indeed around 1999 - then really, try again. Linux is not standing in one place. Not always. Some dare to make something unusual and succeed: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24qJXgiuO1E The industry seems to get healthier now. More interest in cross platform games, OpenGL, SDL and etc. and less lock in into DirectX. No, it doesn't. Especially for schools - it's a pointless waste of money and sneaky tactic by MS to hook students on their products early on. Schools should ditch MS and adopt open source solutions for the sake of the future generations. MS is not a newcomer to pushing their solutions to schools through government channels. It's their way to prevent people from learning about alternatives. Corruption is all around in these schemes. You need to start changes somewhere. It's not absolutely essential - it's what MS wants you to think. Think different. Don't forget that Ubuntu draws on the many volunteers behind Debian, and then gets most of the credit. Yep. It's long time overdue. I wonder if they use libhybris or something similar to pull that trick and to use bionic drivers. I hope they'll push for regular glibc drivers as well though. Nah. Their new look should be like this: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/41/Barbed_w... Microsoft's whining about Google's abuse of patents or monopoly in general is a pinnacle of hypocrisy. May be they should look at themselves first? A recent interview with one of the leading Diaspora developers: http://podroom.a2zen.fm/podcasts/exposing-the-truth-radio/ex... Yep, it's dated (those issues with Diaspora mentioned there, like no video posting, are already fixed), but at the same time it describes the current situation with problems of centralized social networks very well, and the main point behind the article applies now all the same. That's a base/API, not a service ready for end users. Diaspora is considering using it in some way, but so far it's limiting the logic of the node to one user only, which doesn't look like a logical restriction. See http://www.loomio.org/discussions/1522 In a social network, there isn't an use case "post pictures" - the real use case is "post a picture of my kid so that my mom can see it" No, you miss the point. The purpose of social network is connecting people. Posting a picture for mom to see it is just one example of social interactions, there are multiple others which can be done through social network. For example exchanging ideas. Yes, Diaspora needs to add more features to become more friendly and versatile. But it's not about making a Facebook clone. It's about giving people an option of free social network. The point of the article - start using it now if you care about freedom. The more users it will get, the more feedback and more potential developers. It's not yet about "those who post pictures just come now - it'll replace all your Facebook use cases". If Diaspora can't show a reasonable path to get a critical mass of users, then it's not worth to invest time and emotions in posting there. I'd say if one doesn't share the sentiment of the author of that article (i.e. understanding of the need for free social networks), then one won't find reasons to invest time and effort in it already now. But the article isn't addressed to such people on the other hand. I think it's more than just creating an account. It's about contributing with relevant content, discussions and other ways of participation which increase the value of the network itself. Yes, in such way just the mere fact of joining has a side consequence of increasing user base. But in most cases those who join and don't participate are often not reading the network as well, since they have no connections there (they aren't following tags or have contacts and etc). So real help for the network are participating users. Those sites are outdated, since article isn't very recent. Here are the up to date sites: * https://joindiaspora.com (developers pod) * https://diaspora-project.org (project community site) List of pods: * https://diasp.eu/stats.html * http://podupti.me Well, encryption doesn't increase the cost much and is only welcome. The way to deal with increased user base is to even out the federation - i.e. in ideal case the pod will run on user's own computer, and thus will reduce the cost of hosting to virtually the cost of Internet connectivity, which is already paid by the user. Of course in practice it's not always the case, but quite a number of such pods already exist. I think it's being ironed out now. You can contact the development team at: https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/diaspora-... At present installing your own pod is indeed a difficult task, and is too involved for an average user. However Diaspora is working on simplifying this. Yes, encryption with such access scope is complex, but I was referring to the cost of running it, not to the cost of developing the architecture. Development can indeed be hard and costly, but many things are, and open source still tackles hard problems successfully. Yep, examples would be interesting. There are counter examples - like the open Opus audio codec, which was developed by collaboration of various engineers and which is state of art precisely because they weren't burdened by stupid patenting issues, and could instead concentrate on creating a beautiful technology. While I usually prefer film adaptations to be as truthful to the original as possible, I think in order to be be good films, they sometimes need to introduce something new. A simple example mentioned in the article are women. I don't really understand what they complain about. While book story can ignore some aspects of the world, visual film is a different matter. Imagine picturing Dale without showing any women. While Tolkien doesn't speak about female Dwarves for example, ignoring them completely while picturing refugees would be simply unnatural. The same goes about Elves and etc. However not all changes are the same. When characters are changed in some weird manner, which makes them very different from the books - it already becomes bothering and there is simply no justifying reason for it, except for director's ego. In the Lord Of The Rings there were several such examples. For example Aragorn, Boromir and Frodo were changed in a big way. Their actions in the film didn't match their characters from the book (i.e. for their book versions it'd be unnatural to do certain things which they did in the film). So I partially agree with criticism, but only partially. Making a carbon copy of the book probably wouldn't make a good film. The concept is wrong. They better start making tables with touch aware surface and built in user interface. And no Windows please. I'd prefer to see more high end laptops with normal Linux to be sold. Did you ever succeed in getting your Windows tax back in case when you don't need Windows? Lenovo's refusal to provide such option is actually illegal. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_refund Are they going to start supporting VP8 hardware decoding there? It's not available in Tegra 3, at least with their Linux for Tegra release. Did you build it for Linux too? Since it's using SDL - it should be possible. I think it's surely illegal in EU, but it also must be illegal in US, at least in theory, based on the Clayton Act: http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/15/14 However I'm interested if anyone actually succeeded in proving it in some small claims court. There are legal precedents of victories against tying policies of Lenovo and the like in Europe, but I didn't find any similar examples in US. But the same computer can be used with other OS, and denying such option is anti-competitive product tying which falls under antitrust regulations. I agree however that it'll require a precedent to have a solid base for this. Reminds me of this obfuscated C classic: http://www.ioccc.org/1990/westley.c If you want to compile it, replace each "1s" with "is" in the code and compile for example like this: gcc -Dis=1 westley.c -o westley (or just put is=1; in the beginning with the same substitutions). Normal compilers don't like 1s notation for short. Then run the result with some integer parameter ;) As long as games released for this console would be regular Linux games runnable on the PC as well, it wouldn't be too bad. But in general old beaten console vs PC gaming arguments stay in place. Console market degrades games quality (interfaces and performance wise), which backfires to PC gaming scene with crippled console versions being adapted for PC by developers with minimal changes, instead of creating normal and rich PC interfaces for games from the beginning. That's a good question. MS started to move in the right direction with XMPP support, even though they didn't get up to supporting federation. If that will be dropped - it would be just another proliferation of the isolated IM networks. Good development. I can't agree that C is as high level as C++ . C++ templates and many features in C++11 are way higher level abstractions than C. > Yes C# is created by Microsoft, does that make C# bad? No. Sorry to burst your bubble, but you are wrong here. It does make it bad. One should learn from history. When language is encumbered with shady copyrights and patents (yes yes, I don't think something like that should ever be patentable / copyrightable, but in practice the broken system allows it), there is always a risk it'll become a potential problem. Look at what happened to Java with Oracle's attack on Google. It's good that Google was able to brush it off, but not everyone has the same resources to do it. Yes, Microsoft "promised" they won't do something like that. But do you trust their promises? And does that promise extend to anyone who can acquire Microsoft's "rights" on C# tomorrow? So to put it shortly - better stick to truly free languages without some weird IP strings attached. Luckily there are enough of them around. No, the article is about the attitude of saying "it's bad because it's vendor A" without explaining the reason for it. In this case, I explained the reason. Microsoft is too entrenched in intellectual property assertion, and therefore they didn't make C# free. It's not the fault of the language or language designers. It's the fault of Microsoft. So if someone says don't use C# because it's made by MS - they are right, but they should explain what it means. The fact that Windows can't read most common filesystems is indeed a sheer idiocy, most probably caused by Microsoft's arrogance and assumption that anything else doesn't worth attention since they'll dominate the world forever. How is it that "everyone knows about it"? It's some kind of intuitively acquired knowledge, or may be the most natural approach? I think not. Any user learns the system for the first time. So the satire in the story is an answer to those who claim Windows to be more user friendly than Linux, and it humorously describes the level of usability of Windows in comparison to Linux. They could implement it for the sake of interoperability. Surely it doesn't worth it from MS perspective since they didn't do it. But the reason is not because they don't have resources or it's some extremely hard problem to tackle. The reason is that they don't care about interoperability until forced. That's their whole approach. It'd guess it's not just unprofessional, but is an evil prank on their part. Like the old joke from the Windows 95 source code says: if(first_time_installation) { make_50_megabyte_swapfile(); do_nothing_loop(); totally_screw_up_HPFS_file_system(); search_and_destroy_the_rest_of_OS_2(); hang_system(); } http://fsinfo.noone.org/~abe/Windoof/win95.c Yeah, gray font on the white background is not pleasant. For a page which talks about books like "The Design of Everyday Things" it's kind of a fail ;) They don't cover just visual design, but design in general. While visual interfaces are most commonly associated with design, design is actually related to many other areas as well. Looks better now, but I'd still make the font a bit larger. That's how it looks in my browser: http://freeimagehosting.net/newuploads/cyqjo.png (Firefox 18 / KDE 4.8). Not really - it depends on the choice of fonts and their settings. Most sites look good on my system. Occasionally you get such ones, which look weirdly because they rely on some non existent font, and are rendered in fallback mode, using some generic one. If you want to avoid relying on system dependent fonts, use WOFF. Example (from this site): font-family: 'proxima-nova', 'proxima-nova', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; proxima-nova and Helvetica Neue are not common fonts, so putting them as first with fallback to Helvetica is not the best option, if the font isn't provided as WOFF. That's where other social networks differ. On Diaspora for example one probably doesn't know anyone after joining, and you always meet new people. You follow interests, subjects and conversations, not your acquaintances from real life. So it may be "big" for Facebook, but it's routine for other networks. Hashtags work for that quite successfully (in Twitter and Diaspora). I'm not sure how well will these graphs work in comparison, but it's better than nothing for Facebook. E-mail in the early days also prevented users from communicating with users of other servers (most notorious examples were AOL and Compuserve). Eventually under pressure that wall was broken. You can compare it to IM services which use XMPP but don't allow federation, which is one of the main points of XMPP. And Facebook does exactly that with their IM service - they use XMPP but don't federate, thus not allowing their users to communicate with other XMPP networks. Kind of expectable from Facebook ;) This probably predates SMTP, but I can't find a solid review of this historic issue. I'll look around. UPDATE: It's mentioned here for example: http://www.michaelrobertson.com/archive.php?minute_id=192 Why can't they base Tizen on Mer? Tizen suffers from the same problem as Meego did - too much corporate control and no open development whatsoever. If you liked N900/N9 and Maemo/Meego - you'll better like Mer and derivatives. They have more chances to succeed, since they don't suffer from the risk of some company pulling the plug from the whole project. I compared Tizen and Meego. Meego development and direction was too tightly controlled by Nokia (and Intel). When they quit - the project fell apart. Community forked it as Mer (Meego Relaunched), which has open development. Mer however is only the core. End user distributions are based on it. So far there are Nemo, Plasma Active and Sailfish. Another big problem is their attempt to prevent mandating any open codecs. So far I doubt C++ is going anywhere - it's here to stay. When the usage of such languages as Rust will gain more traction up to the point that high performance games engines will be written in it, one could start saying that C++ is being pushed out. But it's really somewhere in the future. Exactly, it's a chicken and egg problem. C++ has tons of libraries, while Rust has barely any. Rust can use external C bindings, but not C++ ones yet. I think if they solve the issue of using C++ libraries from within Rust, the transition will be much easier, and meanwhile more native Rust libraries will be created. That's part of the problem they are facing. C is much easier to deal with. Still using Sun Unix keyboard with tilde on the right, and no obnoxious Windows keys ;) Control in the middle row on the left is also helpful in order not to stress the pinky. Yes, all those extra keys work with OpenSolaris and OpenIndiana. Alas, they don't produce any scan codes with Linux. They are located in a separate area on the left, so they don't disturb your workflow. http://docs.oracle.com/cd/E19683-01/806-6642/images/BR.unix.... That's probably because I'm using Sun Type 5 with mini-din convertor to USB. Under OpenIndiana these keys work fine, but aren't working on Linux. Must be some driver specifics. Type 6 and Type 7 work better indeed, but they are not so ergonomic as Type 5 for some reason. Even LTE ones? Where can one buy the DRM free version? I think the difference here is that Antigua is going to sell the pirated material, while usually it's distributed without fees. It's hard to say how successful such effort would be for Antigua (competing with the same free pirated content), but some can support it just to make the point. Why sarcastic, the question is sincere. It's nice to see Valve pushing for more native Linux games, but on the other hand I'm not using Steam because of its DRM. So that's why I asked if it would be possible to buy the Linux version somewhere outside Steam. Buying CDs in the age of digital distribution sounds crude. See https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5113557 Well, I never used Steam preferring DRM free distributors like GOG, so I can't say much about Valve in this regard except that I know that Steam uses it :) It's unfortunate that they are too engrossed in DRM as much as preventing their games form being distributed by DRM free channels. I know that it's not as draconian as others, but I don't like it nevertheless and prefer to support distributors with clear DRM free stance. CD Projekt Red who own GOG naturally distribute their own games through GOG, but note that they as well distribute them through Steam. I see no clear reasons for Valve to restrict the distribution of their games to Steam only. Yes, historically it came with this not very invasive DRM, but there is still no reason to keep it forever, since DRM has no good reasons to be used altogether. I understand that Valve can be already too involved with game producing companies which still have backwards thinking that DRM is a must. But Valve can start pushing them to drop it, instead of being passive. This looks interesting. So one can get the installers for these games through Steam and use them without running their client and etc.? I thought all their games require the client running and it's already DRM for me which I don't accept. Is there an easy way to filter games by this criteria on Steam itself? I don't think any clients from Steam or other distributors need to run in order to install or play some game. And as the other commenter pointed out - you don't want suddenly to lose your whole collection if Steam terminates your account. Then it's even more of a reason to avoid them, since they view DRM as positive, and not just something they tolerate because of some games producers. Let's see how Daala and VP9 work out. Something should break the domination of closed formats, and MPEG-LA obviously plan to extend their grip on the market with H.265, since patents on H.264 are going to expire. Introducing an updated format will start this whole patent lock from the beginning. No, the point is it is good enough , even if in some cases it can't be as good because it has to work around software patents. Theora indeed can't compete in comparison, but VP8 surely can. Support for H.264 in the hardware is commonplace, while support for VP8 is limited to few new SoCs and is virtually absent in any video dedicated hardware. You don't see it as a domination of closed formats? Those who really lack support for WebM are mobile users who don't have dedicated hardware decoder and those who use crippled browsers like mobile Safari or mobile IE. Desktop users (at least in case of IE, not sure what's the story with Safari these days) can install needed plugins and DirectShow filters to support WebM. But the lack of dedicated hardware decoding in mobile SoCs remains a serious problem, since even when the browser supports VP8 decoding in software, it would be a degraded experience, especially power consumption wise. SoC manufacturers slowly add VP8 support. But it's limited to the newest models at most. So it's coming but not as rapidly as you could wish. By closed I mean not available for free use and distribution, for example in open source projects which can't pay any royalties. May be saying free format would sound more clear, since you are right, closed is a bit ambiguous, as it can also mean a format without published specification which needs to be reverse engineered to be used. Also, I don't think that H.264 forbids only commercial use. Can you freely distribute their decoders and encoders? What about putting them in hardware for non commercial use? > I would expect trouble with the adoption of VP9 given Google's moves with Mortorola's patents. How exactly? There is no indication that Google wants to make VP9 patent encumbered, since their whole idea behind VP8 was to enable high quality open video codec for the Web and beyond. If VP9 will be their natural next step, it will be open as well. If Daala comes soon enough too - it will be another option. > Exactly the patent threat will come from the MPEG-LA or the members directly. Because if VP9 is indeed similar to H.265 Why would they design the codec to be vulnerable to patent attacks? VP8 was designed to work around threats from H.264. They surely applied the same logic for VP9 since they intend it for practical use and not as theoretical brain exercise. MPEG-LA spits threats all the time, including against Theora and VP8, but they have no teeth to bite. > Open source projects can't pay royalties. But people who use them can be forced to. That's right, and that's the reason to avoid any closed codecs. > The idea that VP8/VP9 will gain traction and remain royalty free is laughable. What's laughable? VP8 remains royalty free. VP9 will as well. In practice you can never guarantee that some submarine patent troll won't appear tomorrow to threaten you. But the same perfectly applies to H.264/H.265 so your argument is irrelevant, since such threat applies to virtually anything, but it doesn't mean one should stop innovating because of it. That's true, and Google explicitly granted their free usage, thus the codec is open in all senses of the word. I'd expect the same story with VP9. So what's your point? http://www.webmproject.org/license/bitstream/ http://www.webmproject.org/license/software/ http://www.webmproject.org/license/additional/ Apple and MS just don't like open codecs, period. That's the whole reason they sabotage them. It's not about belief - it's about the struggle between closed and open. Motorola was bought from beginning to use as a leverage tool against patent trolls like Apple and MS. What did you expect? VPx is intended to be open from beginning by Google. That's bunk. H.264 has as much legal uncertainty as VP8. This didn't stop them from using it. Naturally they just have allergy on open codecs. You can never expect that, because you have no guarantee against unexpected patent trolling. Apple and MS are just looking for excuse to sabotage open codecs. But real threats come from themselves and unknown patent trolls. > H.264 has a group of companies and a lot of lawyers backing it up. How can it help against some patent troll who can appear tomorrow and threaten H.264 users? No army of lawyers can help against that. So all this rhetoric is completely useless. Legally VP8 is as good as H.264. The only reason for them to avoid is to retain their monopolistic grip on codecs usage. Kudos to Newegg for being steadfast and busting another greedy patent troll. That logic is indeed bizarre. If jurors are confused with what they judge about, they should be simply disqualified from the start. Yeah, a very obvious idea comes to mind - all affected by the same patent troll should pool resources to support at least one steadfast fighter in order to bust the troll, instead of spreading resources thin. I use them all the time when I need to buy some computer hardware. Except in cases when they don't have what I need. They have excellent customer service and return policy. And seeing that they have strong stance against patent trolls gives another good reason to support them. By the way, the word algorithm is derived from the name of Muḥammad al-Khwārizmī. Alchemy is a more obvious one than chemistry :) Exactly. Alchemy means "the chemistry". Alchemists were true experimentalists and researchers and discovered many chemical reactions, elements as well as invented various tools. They focused on mystical application of this knowledge in a sense of drawing parallels between processes in the soul to chemical processes. Only later this distinction between "chemistry" and "alchemy" appeared, when interest in mysticism stopped being part of this field of study. Concept of zero is not specific to Indian mysticism though. As well as its correlation with infinity. Why not to propose a petition to drop the whole DMCA? Or rather contact your congressmen to do it. Except that there is something useful in it actually - like removal of secondary liability from ISPs. However all the "anticircumvention" provisions there are sheer garbage. FTC can't protect against patent trolling. Did you read what's written above? Google has no grip on codecs market. Learn the facts first. I'd rather go for Sailfish. Sailfish will have normal coreutils which come from Mer repo. That's good. Terminal is a norm for regular mobile Linux, and not some exotic third party application like on Android. Shouldn't this bug have a dependency on bug #0 - existence of Windows tax? Nah, their first bug is - gaming on PC is still alive and kicking. What explains certain patterns in number of available positions in each salary range for different cities? Look for example on difference in ratios between east and west coasts (compare New York and San Francisco for example). Note: I'm looking at developers' data. The second scratch+ doesn't work (Firefox 18.0.1). This one works (# is breaking it really): data:text/html, html,body{background:%23111;color:%23fff;font: normal 16px/24px "Helvetica Neue",helvetica,arial;}body{padding:24px 48px} document.body.focus(); I hope this proposal will get busted for good as unacceptable promotion of unethical practices for the Web. AT&T are one of the worst mobile companies in US. Avoid them as a plague. This is misleading, since it means it's not a CPU emulator, however it's an emulator of Windows in a sense that it mimics the Windows environment and system libraries. Yes, this is a famous letter which can be considered a foundation of Microsoft's historic hostility to any open technologies. Netflix is one of the pushers to standardize DRM in HTML: http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-html/2013Jan/0172... So I don't see their growth as a good thing. The point is that it demonstrates the core ideas which Bill Gates put in action in Microsoft. I.e. aggressive IP methodology. I'd rather them not use DRM at all. I don't use them precisely because of their DRM proliferation. But it's not the point - the point is that DRM is a dying trend altogether, and making it a Web standard is nonsensical. It's not different from proposing to make Flash or Silverlight a Web standard, when the whole Web is shifting to move to pure HTML. That's besides the mere fact that DRM is unethical and goes against the whole notion of the open Web. If you read it carefully it's not just about piracy. It's against sharing (which in open source happens without any piracy). His basic idea - sharing prevents good software from being written. I.e. only closed paid model can be incentive to create good software. It's the cornerstone idea of Microsoft and is very in line with their historic hatred towards open technologies which they always saw as a threat (and obviously not because of piracy). It also is in line with their aggressive approach to enforcing patents and copyrights. >for subscription services DRM doesn't even get in the way You are saying that some DRM doesn't get in the way, how is it exactly? DRM prevents users from using their system of choice, since DRM is practically never cross platform, and DRM stands in the way of copying (that's what it's created for) i.e. in a way of copying for legitimate purpose such as format and time shifting, backups, accessibility and various other applications of fair use. To put it practically - can you use Netflix on Linux let's say? Not without jumping through some weird hoops. Can you make backups from Netflix content? No. So I'd challenge that it's transparent and doesn't get in the way. > It's a necessary evil, I fear. No, it's an unnecessary evil. And there will be online content without DRM - content creators just need to come to grips with reality and do the right thing. DRM doesn't add any value - it only degrades it for legitimate users. Content creators have two ways forward. First is dropping all DRM, which makes experience better for end users, and respects paying customers. It doesn't stop piracy, but it provides incentive to buy from those who treat customers with respect. Second way is pushing DRM, degrading the experience of paying customers and treating them as potential criminals by default. This way doesn't stop piracy as well, but such disrespect towards legitimate paying users doesn't create any incentive to deal with content creators and distributors who treat people this way, and artificial limitations which degrade the experience and flexibility of such content reduce the incentive even more (guess what incentive they increase? Exactly - for piracy). Music industry realized that DRM doesn't offer them any benefits (and only offers disadvantages) so they dropped pushing it. Other industries are still catching up with the idea, but they'll come to it. DRM as a trend is dying, though in many areas DRM free distribution channels are still a minority. You can get more and more DRM free e-books, DRM free distributors like GOG and Desura show that it's not needed at all for gaming. What's really dragging behind is video distribution. Besides DVDs where DRM is trivially removable, there are virtually no DRM free channels especially for streaming. But I don't see any conceptual difference between music, books, games or videos and etc. In any of these cases DRM offers nothing positive to end users (totally on the contrary) as well as doesn't prevent piracy. So as a trend - it's dying but it will take time for it to be gone forever. My whole point was - it doesn't make sense to make a Web standard out of a dying trend which on top is unethical and user hostile. Therefore Netflix is doing a really bad thing with pushing DRM into HTML standard. See: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5166104 See: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5166104 It's good to see this moving forward. A few questions need to be addressed in order for this to become really useful. How is XMPP/Jingle supposed to work over WebRTC? I.e. in order for the browser to connect to a standalone VoIP client for example (think of implementing Google Talk plugin in pure JavaScript). From what it looks like, this can require some support for this scenario in XMPP servers (not unlike they need something to support XMPP over WebSockets). So this is really an important piece of the puzzle which needs to be ready. >I don't understand hostility at DRM when it's used to secure a stream of something you don't own. Simple. See all arguments presented above. In short - it's unethical practice of preemptive policing which severely degrades usability and achieves nothing positive. It's based on implicit insulting treating users as potential criminals. Users naturally should be hostile to such disrespectful treating, and surely this should not become any kind of Web standard. And just to note - a concept of a "stream that you don't own" is a sheer nonsense in itself when the data reaches the user. User should be able to back up any data - it's within the fair use of that data. That's what I meant - most probably some server support will be required. I hope ejabberd and others will address this. Until that WebRTC won't be useful for building web based XMPP/Jingle clients. Regarding codecs - most XMPP/Jingle clients support VP8 and Opus is catching up too. It's not like there are many of them around anyway. Farstream supports both if corresponding gstreamer components are present. But ejabberd still had to enable support for BOSH or WebSockets first. Without it Strophe was of no use. So I assumed that similar thing has to happen with in this case in order to be able to route the Jingle stream from the browser over WebRTC. If the server modifications won't be needed at all - then of course it'll simplify things. Also, clients don't always use SRTP - there can be other methods like ZRTP for example. Skype has to be killed just because it's a closed non interoperable network. WebRTC can be misused as well if closed non interoperable networks built on it will pop up around like mushrooms. If WebRTC will be used to plug into federated XMPP/Jingle networks - then it'll be good. We have a conceptual disagreement here. For me - DRM is similar to getting a book, which comes with an accompanying police robot which follows you around and allows you to read it only within certain periods of the day and prevents for example from photo copying. If you want to make this concept closer to renting, consider that book to be from the library. Does it make sense? No, because it's nonsense. And one would argue that it's unethical to use such preemptive policing which interferes with your activities and violates your privacy. DRM is exactly the same nonsense. If you are talking about using doors - it's totally the opposite, usually it's DRM that violates privacy of users and is prone to all kind of abuse (example: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sony_BMG_copy_protection_rootk... ). > If you agree to the terms of service that Netflix provides their video under, the content you stream from them absolutely and undeniably is not something that you own It doesn't really matter how it's called ("owned" or not "owned"). Users have full right to use this data in the manner they want (like time or device shifting) if they do it for their personal needs and don't redistribute it to others. In most cases to allow such flexibility one needs to either get DRM free content, or to strip DRM from the DRMed one. It's especially important for people with disabilities who are mostly ignored by DRM schemes. Streaming is merely a convenience scheme, in comparsion let's say with simple download (i.e. it doesn't require you to store data and allows accessing it instantly in contrast to waiting for the download). Those who intend streaming as a way to restrict usage are wrong since they ignore users' rights on fair use of that content. > If you demand ownership of any data that comes over your connection, all you're doing is fostering an environment where we can't have nice things like Netflix and Hulu Not true. Nothing essential dictates Netflix or Hulu to use DRM except paranoid fear of piracy by content publishers which push them to use such nonsensical and unethical tools like DRM. And as was already pointed above - it doesn't even prevent piracy anyway. All it does - punishes the paying customers and shows disrespect to them. So - there is no such necessity for any content to be distributed on the net under DRM. And if some content distributors insist on using such methods - let them, but it should never be encouraged or proliferated by making it a Web standard. They need to be educated that it's a backwards and unethical approach. And people should be encouraged to avoid such distributors - for the sake of making a point that customers should be treated with respect and to show that unethical methods are unacceptable. Repsect is also a two way street. When distributors treat users with respect, users have incentive to support them more in return and to respect them back. Most distributors don't care about or never think about it. But those who do, are respected by users much more and it always pays back with more loyal customers. Linux example only proves my point - DRM degrades usability (in this case for Linux users). DRM schemes will never be fully portable and will always restrict use cases. Hm, why can't this be done with simply using SVG instead of using fonts in such manner? I see. But I think it's not a preferable solution if one wants to support crippled browsers like IE <= 8. But it's an interesting proof of concept still. Some approach like Raphaël JS is probably better for such cases. Or one just needs to ignore any crippled browsers, which might not be ideal.