I can recommend this too, it's big in places like Portland horizontally (keep adding cache and load balancers/proxies). all you have to do is keep making more profits and keep buying more hardware into infinity. sure, one day you'll have to build a nuclear reactor and tap a dam to provide all the power and cooling for the datacenter space, but it's easier than a redesign. (by the way, i wasn't being sarcastic. that's how we scale our web applications. we just haven't gotten big enough to need the reactor yet) Honestly? Does anyone who isn't themselves a "hacker" actually associate the word with anything other than person who develops and utilizes methods of breaking into computer networks and exploiting security holes? This word needs to be retired. It's 2009 and something more politically correct is just necessary if you wish to have anyone outside your immediate sphere of influence take you seriously. People tend to relate their whereabouts to people they know IRL more often than those they communicate with online. If you don't know where someone is, you ask their friend, their parents, their wife, co-workers, etc as the amount of socially-relevant information (such as location) will be much greater and with a larger history of previous knowledge in those person IRL than those met online. After all, why does Markus in Timbuktu need to know you vacation in the hamptons every 6 months when you've got your Crackberry on you for the duration? Markus' co-workers, family members, and friends will be much more aware of such information. And sometimes people need a break from the internet. What is this post about? Somebody who finally is able to prioritize his life? Having standards is great but this is a stupid philosophy for life... Alternatives and compromise are important in many decisions, and your maximum level of interest may not always be the best factor to weigh your options. I guess I just can't get past the fact that you can easily make an unwise decision this way by overlooking practicality. You see a couple options you're not very interested in, and then one you are very interested in, and you pick it without hesitation? I know i'd like to learn Tae-Kwon Do, but I also know my primary motivation for learning a martial art (beside the art itself) is to get in shape physically. From what I understand Muay Thai is a much better cardio workout. Tae-Kwon Do might be more fun but it wouldn't benefit me as much as the Muay Thai (not to mention kickboxing is probably more useful in a real fight). So to reiterate my original statement: I think you can end up making the wrong decision if it's based purely upon excitement in an idea and not practical information which may be less exciting. I acknowledge your point that it may make your life more fun, but as i've learned growing up, doing things that aren't fun are often more important. Rant on mp3 blogs and free streaming music... What's funny is when projectplaylist.com was actually accessible, it was basically an HTTP version of Napster for music blogs. They made it seem like they were playing MP3s found on other sites, but they really aggregate all of the files in a large storage cache sorted by seemingly-random numbers. They then obfuscate the URLs by "encrypting" them with a single RC4 key which was embedded in their flash player. The end result was a search engine for finding and downloading any music you could possibly want right from their high-speed repository. I don't think they ever re-implemented this but they did change the HTTP interface every so often, and now the main pages are down most of the time. Myspace had a similar functionality (with XML to serve the location of the files, so no nasty html grepping needed) but when they released their music-centric site they finally got wise and added a more dynamic system of authorizing and re-authorizing each piece of music being played while it's playing. This actually is neat because it allows you to gather stats on which songs are being played for how long and who's really interested. It wasn't worth it to me to extend my script to support this more complicated functionality but I don't see why it couldn't be reverse engineered with a little time. So anyway, any of these streaming music sites are basically playing a dangerous game with their content. When you hand someone content for free, anonymously and via the internet, you're just asking for someone to make a script to download it where they don't need to watch your ads. RTMPE is not a solution because we've had rtmpe reverse engineered for what seems like years now. It seems like the only thing that makes content providers interested in this at all is when someone makes a snazzy GUI which does all the work for you and simply downloads songs. All this could be handled by simply requiring authentication & authorizing song plays N at a time. Then you don't really need copy protection since the user simply doesn't have the capacity to download more than one or two songs at a time, which (if implemented correctly) can make it damn hard for anyone to exploit your service. Bad programmers using a language poorly does not a bad language make. He just doesn't like dealing with the result of bad programming so he's saying C++ sucks. His "argument" is stupid. YC Rant: build in a requirement to look up a URL before it is posted. If URL was posted any time previously, either choose to bring the original thread to the front or don't post it. What could having a duplicate thread possibly benefit you over resuming the old one? In 20 years i'll have my own jet pack and rocket car too. Rosie, can you get the door please? Scaling Twitter: Making Twitter 10000 Percent Faster http://74.125.113.132/search?q=cache:mfi_ssC0kxwJ:highscalab... (highscalability.com is down. perhaps they need highavailability.com?) People mis-configure Apache all the time. They leave their site wide open for attack. They're vulnerable. Saying it's not a vulnerability when 3,000 sites all have their source code visible to the world is like having your arm chopped off and saying "no it isn't, it's just a flesh wound." I know it's not a cool remote root buffer overflow exploit hat trick 540 front side flip, but it's a security hole which people need to be educated about. Obligatory perl example, pretty messy: U="onelinebot:one.onelinebot";curl -d 'track=obama' http://stream.twitter.com/track.json -u$U|perl -ne'/\"screen_name\":\"([^"]+)\"/&&`curl -d "" http://twitter.com/friendships/create/$1.json?follow=true -u$U`' I think you missed the point. Most people don't own an iPhone. Most people who have iPhones don't exclusively talk to other people with iPhones. And most people don't buy a data plan just to send or view an e-mailed picture message from their iPhone-owning buddies. Music for me. If i'm feeling distracted or can't quite get my thoughts clear, I blast hardcore punk or drum & bass and once my blood gets pumping the productivity begins. Sometimes it doesn't work so well and i'll try something on the opposite spectrum - bob dylan's first album, slow classical piano/strings, etc. Also, and this may sound weird: a trip to the restroom. Sitting on the can for 5 or 10 minutes helps me think about the one problem without distraction. Usually I can formulate an outline there and come back and start typing. I agree. The only workers this would attract are 'hacker hobos'. It's almost the same as the plot to The Seven Samurai - pay us 3 meals a day and we'll work for you. The problem is, you get what you pay for. I think anyone with skill would find a job that would net them actual money, since most people have bills and like to purchase things. For similar services sure, or services which rely on others even if they aren't similar. BK went down and all of a sudden Twitter's throwing 503's. Coincidence, or strain on backend resources from users fleeing to their back-up social network? You can't store everything in memory all the time. There simply isn't a computer built which can do that. Horizontal scaling with commodity boxes and layers of cache are the most cheap and effective method of returning a high rate of requests as quickly as possible. http://www.halhigdon.com/15Ktraining/Stretch.htm http://www.indoorclimbing.com/stretching.html stretch beforehand to prevent injury and after to remove lactic acid and soreness. it's been stressed to me on several occasions that stretching post-exercise is critical, and at our gym we do 10min of yoga after a 1-1.5hr cardio session. i'm still getting used to some of the exercises and my calves need constant stretching or they get tight and painful. They did that at a company I worked for. Really big "X", guy was incredibly smart. Ended up doing absolutely no work because he was "the guy who wrote X" and could get away with it. The memory use is not accurate unless you take shared pages into account. Copy-on-write will make it look like each apache child is using 40MB, when really it's only 10MB private RSS. Use a RSS-calculating script ( http://psydev.syw4e.info/new/misc/meminfo.pl ) to determine the close-to-real memory use. If you don't calculate your maximum memory use correctly you will run into swap with traffic peaks. Also keep in mind that swap is a good thing. Is your app constantly cycling children? This isn't going to allow it to move unused/shared memory into swap. Don't ignore memory leaks by reducing your max requests per child. The forking thing is more of the same. Copy-on-write means it's not going to balloon your memory unless some function turns that shared rss into private. It isn't something that you want to do a lot of, though. I guess the corrolary to this article has to be "Don't let your startup's sysadmins diagnose development-side issues." You'll have to add "Make sure your developers can diagnose development-side issues" to the list as well. Most web app developers I have met do not know how to diagnose problems, or simply defer immediately to the sysadmins if there's no syntax errors or logs to refer to. It is a social game, but i'm not sure how much it's not as social as basketball or any other sport really. Those who don't play for money or to win an executive over (redundant) play in order to hang out with their friends. The game itself has its own interesting skill to acquire, but I guess since it doesn't have an athletic component it's lost in the "shuffle" of old person games. Still, I defer to George Carlin on my opinion about what we should do with golf courses: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7C7c-nZIyfc I did something like this. Living as a homeless person is probably the biggest perception change you can have without drugs. People who drink Natty Ice are 35% more likely to live in a southern state and own a pickup truck, and people between the ages of 21 and 30 who drink Pabst Blue Ribbon are 125% more likely to be douchebags. These statistics are true 300% of the time. Mostly security and forensics tools which aren't mainstream. There aren't many practical, mainstream uses for "evil" hacker tools. Metasploit, Nmap, Nessus, Netstumbler, l0phtcrack, Aircrack, SATAN, Snort, Honeypot/Honeynet, John The Ripper, p0f, Ethereal/Wireshark, Hping2, Netcat, Dsniff. Like others have mentioned, any copyright-breaking tools like MPlayer, DeCSS, rtmpdump but there's no way to say these were written by "evil hackers" (more like hackers who just wanted to watch their own DVDs or download free public videos) Can anyone reply back with a list of known services which would be affected by this attack? Would like to stay away from them until patches have been circulated... You could base your meet-ups on anonymity and uniformity. I've always wondered why these sites focus so much on pictures. I think they should be based on personality and similar interests. Take the pictures and user-ids out of the list of people going to meet up. Also you can add structure to the event. I find people are much more likely to meet a bunch of strangers if they know exactly what to expect and what is going to happen. The social map idea isn't bad at all: you might not get a great idea about a person by their biased autobiographical profile. Looking at their facebook or myspace activity may glean much more insight as to their personality. One of the things that strikes me about dating sites is how they're designed for people who are the absolute best at communicating and putting forth a good impression. If online daters were so good at that they probably wouldn't be trying to get a date online! There needs to exist mechanisms that help people to express themselves. Also, I could just be crazy, but it seems like there's some inherent dishonesty in presenting yourself via online dating. Are you lonely? Horny? Bored? There doesn't seem to be a way to express any emotions or desires that others may share without appearing undesireable. Some way for people to connect based on their emotional state seems useful to me, I just don't know how you'd present it to users (other than perhaps through hidden settings and a "show me users who feel similarly to how I do" list method). Well, he is fucking right. The fucking point being that the fucks in the Perl 5 camp need to get the fuck off their high horse and move on with the fucking business of Perl without being defensive will end up benefiting both these fucking camps in the end. And who the fuck knows, maybe if we get more familiar with both fucking languages we can fucking communicate and improve both fucking codebases? ......... Fuck. Heh... Basically, we don't. Sad, really. It's mostly due to apathy and no mandate from higher-ups to pursue stronger security, but in general our farm is only strong enough to keep generic attacks at bay. 0-days, man-in-the-middle, hell even some SSL vulnerabilities are possible for us. We have a "security team" so we defer most of the security precautions to them and just keep our base software configured not to let anyone unauthorized in. However, utilizing host-based as well as network-level intrusion detection tools, combined with kernel-level and userland-level security patches and mandatory security access control policies is the best all-around solution. Grsecurity for kernel patches, an OS base with strong security in mind (many new distros use things like stack-smashing-protecting patches to glibc), snort for network IDS, tripwire/portsentry/others for host-based IDS, SELinux configured for all your hosts to further enforce your access requirements. And of course, diligence: monitor security lists (particularly the one for your distro/kernel) and update immediately when a patch comes out. I played with Debian for a while and didn't like it. Slightly more annoying to use than rpm/yum. I know lots of people like apt, I just didn't, and I didn't much care for the stable/unstable/testing branches (I assume Ubuntu has the same hirearchy?) This is a side-track, but can anyone tell me why distros aren't packaging their apps to be installable/run-able independently of each other? Eventually people want conflicting versions of software installed (i'll admit very rarely for a desktop user and more for systems whose OS doesn't change as often as their developers' application requirements) and you have to become a fire juggler with your now-custom packages. Just install every single application and library in its own path and use a wrapper to determine default symlinks for the base-system and reference alternatives directly as needed (apps can also link to their preferred library and path this way so that wouldn't be an issue). In fact, I wager you with this filesystem layout you could go much longer without upgrading your OS as newer libraries/binaries would simply be installed to deal with the new requirements and used accordingly. (I know this may sound complicated as hell but it's not much more work than the current man-hours put into setting up individual packages for building across multiple OS revs) And another thing: Jolicloud's "ideas" page is the worst web 2.0 market-speak i've ever seen. I can't take that OS seriously. All I wanna know is: Can I tunnel IP traffic through it? http://thomer.com/howtos/nstx.html You will be reinventing the wheel; that's part of working with open source on big sites. There just isn't one open-source deployment/backup/versioning/etc system out there. Nearly every large deployment/backup/versioning/etc system i've seen has been custom. Most of these details will be specific to the group you're working with and the project's requirements. Don't worry so much about getting the process right or finding a pre-packaged solution. The most common solutions will be the same old tools re-worked and customized to get the job done on that site. I'd say the best thing you can do is put your fingers into every single open-source pie you can and get a feel for it all. The rest is a natural evolution of developing for your target platform. Looks like this 3-D camera he developed has been used in films before. Why didn't they change film forever? Do we expect to enter a new era where everyone uses James Cameron's insane attention to detail in order to make a headdress look realistic, or develop a new language and teach it to actors? The article smells of hype and seems to justify this long-delayed epic "to out-Lucas Lucas." I'm no film buff, but the cinematography of certain parts of the trailer reminds me of the same second-rate "Lets get a really wide shot of this big computer-generated battle scene" effects-for-the-sake-of-effects schlock that's been shoved down our throats for the past 10 years. The Na'vi look really cool. But every time I see a perfectly framed complete shot of a monster leaping out of some shrubs in slow-motion I want to throw a shoe. We get it. It looks cool and somewhat life-like. Now can you please show us something that's designed to evoke a response other than cooing in delight of your wonderful technical achievements? 403's with wget user-agent. pwillis@bobdobbs ~/ :) wget "http://translate.google.com/translate_tts?q=hello+hackers" --10:11:36-- http://translate.google.com/translate_tts?q=hello+hackers => `translate_tts?q=hello+hackers.1' Resolving translate.google.com... 74.125.91.100, 74.125.91.101, 74.125.91.102, ... Connecting to translate.google.com|74.125.91.100|:80... connected. HTTP request sent, awaiting response... 403 Forbidden 10:11:37 ERROR 403: Forbidden. pwillis@bobdobbs ~/ :( wget -U "Lynx 1.2.3.4" "http://translate.google.com/translate_tts?q=hello+hackers" --10:11:41-- http://translate.google.com/translate_tts?q=hello+hackers => `translate_tts?q=hello+hackers.1' Resolving translate.google.com... 74.125.91.138, 74.125.91.139, 74.125.91.100, ... Connecting to translate.google.com|74.125.91.138|:80... connected. HTTP request sent, awaiting response... 200 OK Length: 6,192 (6.0K) [audio/mpeg] 100%[====================================>] 6,192 --.--K/s 10:11:41 (103.07 KB/s) - `translate_tts?q=hello+hackers.1' saved [6192/6192] A brief summary of the /.'d http://www.nookdevs.com/Rooting : take off the plastic casing, remove the embedded microSD card, mount it as ext3 fs, `sed -i -e 's/^\(.\+\)adbd\(.\+\)disabled\(.\+\)$/\1adbd\2enabled\3/g' init.rc`, umount, put sd card back into nook, use android dev toolkit to connect to port 5555 and start a shell This is kind of amazing to me. An open android device with free cellular internet access? If it has a mic this could replace my phone... Agreed. But in my personal experience, most films with generous amounts of realistic-looking CG end up sacrificing what makes films really fun to watch: an engaging story, realistic portrayal and cinematography that brings you into the film instead of sitting in front of it. The visuals are worthless if you can't make people feel something other than "ooh... aah..." and i'm (hopefully incorrectly) assuming this movie - with its highly-anticipated technical wizardry - will follow in the footsteps of its predecessors. I'm assuming you're talking about some kind of atomic file-or-block-level backup such as LVM snapshots? Large files such as databases can change while reading them over a long period of time, so a standard disk image or file copy wouldn't be reliable for a live system. Use SSL. Make sure the cert is valid. And hope nobody comes up with yet-another SSL vuln. edit And hope that they haven't gotten a new valid cert by hijacking mail for the domain, too. edit Or, hard-code the domains and IPs in your hosts file. ... which is something i hate about most browsers. why don't they cache the cert indefinitely and wave a big red flag any time it changes at all? the occasional false alarm due to renewal would be a fair cost for the gain of more notice to unauthorized changes. just to clarify: they could obtain a new valid cert by redirecting the MX to their own mail server and requesting a new one via e-mail, right? or is there another way? Here are some more useful options: * "-C" to exclude all common revision-control working directory files. Lowest filter priority, consider the rest of your args. * Look up backup rsync guides and add snapshot or "--backup-dir" support to your deploys for a cheap alternative to system snapshots and other deployment reversion techniques. * "-E" and "-X" for when you just want to apply execute settings and not blow away whatever custom permissions you may have on your deployed files ("--chmod" is also helpful here) * "--delete-after" and "--delete-excluded" to clean up files you've deleted from your source files. * "--timeout=120 --contimeout=60" Because nobody needs to wait 5 minutes to find out their deploy failed. * "--compress-level=9" * If you have a huge deploy tree, it may be faster (though less reliable) to run find SRC -mtime -8 -print0 > files.txt && rsync OPTIONS --from0 --files-from files.txt DEST This will make a list of only the past 7 days' worth of modified files to attempt to rsync, which may cut down on the total time to deploy considerably. * "--log-file=/big/partition/deploy.log" To get a better idea of how the deploy is going or how it went. * Consider if you need --delay-updates to make the deploy more atomic. If files get deployed a few at a time, will this cause the user experience to suffer? Load as well as long file lists can cause long periods between updates. * If you have more than one developer that can deploy to the site at the same time, consider that rsync should only be your file-transfer tool. You need a whole other layer to account for transaction locking, who is deploying or reverting files, and basic logging is very handy to track down problems. But that's a bit out of scope for this link :) The man page and docs in the source detail how it handles these different circumstances. The short answer is "very robust" and there are options to customize how it behaves during partial or total success/failure. I am not surprised Weta doesn't use Isiton. We've had nothing but problems. But they are cheap. And Aspera rocks . Wait - preserve local edits? That sounds bad. It is a handy tool for dealing with versioning and rollback. But i'd hate to be the guy who deploys a hot fix and suddenly rpm is out of locker entries. i dont really care what hn is about: i found it cute and pointless. maybe thats what the discussions on hn's purpose really are about? whether a story is 'important', 'informative', or purely entertaining. i see no reason not to include all of them. but perhaps a way to separate them would allow some to focus on the generic category they prefer. just my two cents. That is the datacenter our company uses. Cat 5 rated, plenty of power, hosts a slew of EMS and other core services. Some parts of it aren't the best but you could do a whole lot worse in Florida. What intrigues me about this is the possibility of leveraging cheap clouds that are literally racks away. Hmm... It's a cloud provider that doesn't use Virtualization. You don't need Xen or OpenVZ to have a handful of boxes and an API to address them as a distributed redundant machines. (Does anyone even know what Beowulf clusters are anymore?) IIRC opening a file and using link() is about the only portable atomic method of file locking. Works on NFS and pretty much any UNIX. There may have been some other trick to making it work right on NFS but if you're going that far you may just need a lock manager. I agree. If only every client were capable of properly-configured non-buggy NFSv4... Hence why I say the "portable" method is with link(). There are a lot better solutions if you don't have to support crappy clients. i would love to read this except i am using windows mobile and am shown some "use a different browser!" page instead. this is annoying The more you try to become a Hacker, the less you are one. has the cheapest prices out of any VPS by far This is not accurate. There are many VPS's which are cheaper, many of which have much greater capacity for the money. Some are fly-by-night scams. Others have several years of stability with good support. Check forums and VPS review sites to find the best match. That said, I have nothing against prgmr or linode and would use them if I needed a super-reliable VPS. (My main VPS is Linode, my secondary is with Kerplunc Hosting) in your example thirst for knowledge was not learned, it came naturally. if a person looked throught the telescope and wasn't filled with wonder and curiosity, would you say that was a failure in teaching? no, because some people do not care. they are not naturally curious. also there is a distinction between someone who is curious and someone who is compelled to tinker and learn more due to their curiosity. any normal boy may be curious how his RC car works. a hacker takes it apart and tries to obtain the secret to this mysterious device and what makes it tick. i do not believe you can be shown how to have this trait. you can emulate it, but you gave to really obtain a curiosity about all things unknown. is it possible to develop this trait over time? yes. but i think it has to come naturally, and not by a book or FAQ. haven't had it for long enough , but the bandwidth seems spotty (sometimes 500k, sometimes 2mbit, etc) and seemingly high ssh latency, maybe cpu load on my slice. but other'n that good so far with a stripped down/custom distro and FastCGI perl i could make that happen. you could go crazy and use an epoll perl httpd too. backend would be nosql with a small cache in memory. you'd need a decent chunk of bandwidth as gzip may push cpu over the edge, and hope you have fast disks. how many hps is HN anyway, at peak? you could go crazy and use a uClibc buildroot. build it on your desktop and transfer an image to your slice. i use slack, but that's not exactly tiny... To paraphrase Bill Cosby: I said to a guy, I said, "Tell me, what is it about being yourself that makes it so wonderful?", and he said, "Well, it intensifies your personality." I said, "Yes, but what if you're an asshole?" What I find particularly disturbing is the normal emotional and sexual relationships from my own teenage years (just so we're clear: dating people my own age when I was a teen) is now seen as a crime. If the clock was turned back and I was suddenly 16 years old in 2010, i'd be scared just to have a girlfriend. What if her parents charged me with a sex crime because they caught us making out? I feel pretty bad for kids today for having to grow up in a culture of fear, confusion and repression. I was speaking about my state of mind at the age of 16 and these new cases of teens being prosecuted for their otherwise normal relationships. I'm not saying I would stop trying to get girls (who could stop a teenage boy from chasing girls?) but it would inspire fear in me whenever I was anywhere near an adult or authority figure with my SO. It also doesn't take a lot for media hype and rumors to appear as facts to a young person and have an effect on their state of mind. I dread a future where young adults feel these cases are uncontroversial. I think it's perfectly clear why they're doing this: it's a lock-in device. The more people buy these half-assed products that limit their choices and exclude 3rd party support and control of your own device, the more money they can funnel out of you. Oh, you want music? You have to buy it from us. Oh, you want a program so you can be productive? You better hope we approved a recent version of it. Don't like it? Too bad, you already bought the hunk of metal and silicon, deal with it. Make no mistake: total vendor control is not in your best interests as a consumer. It never has been, never will be. If you loved the iPhone but hated all that annoying fits-in-your-pocket and voice-calling and typing , you're gonna be AMAZED at the bullshit we've come up with! Now open your wallets and bend over. I am a crypto noob, so please excuse me if I sound stupid. But why not force your users to pick a password that is at least 8 characters and contains at least one digit, one capitalized letter, one lowercase letter and one special character, then gen a 16-byte salt and run it through SHA-512? The examples given in the article are for 6 lowercase alpha-only characters, which has always been relatively trivial to crack. This brief article I found from 30 seconds in google shows my example at the bottom ('96 characters'): http://www.lockdown.co.uk/?pg=combi I acknowledge that bcrypt seems like a simple safeguard against password attacks, but I don't doubt a hacker's ingenuity in developing a method to make attacks against it reasonable - especially if it becomes widely adopted. And I think once you've lost your password database you're already completely fucked, in one way or another. Folk wisdom of PHP developers? I think the creators of crypt() are probably smarter than this. Password hashes are part of a way to mitigate a particular situation: deciphering a login credential when the password database has been exposed. Shadow files are locked down to root-only because you should never trust people with your password hashes. If somebody has the hash, it's just a matter of time. I don't assume time is on my side. If bcrypt() somehow makes it near-impossible to brute force password hashes in a "reasonable amount of time", we'd no longer need our shadow files to be root-only. We could give our bcrypt hashes out to the world and say, "Ha! TRY to crack this!" But you don't do that. Because you know deep down in your heart, once that hash is out in the open, the game is over. It's possible someone will crack it so you cannot trust it. And if someone got access to your locked-down password database, someone is deep enough in your system to have at least read-only access to your password database. Whether or not they can decode the password they probably have other ways of getting whatever it is they really want, which is rarely just an account credential. I will, however, agree that bcrypt appears to buy you much more time in the event that your password database is exposed. I am skeptical of how much more time that would be under the right circumstances, though, and the potential consequences of CPU exhaustion in the event of some kind of small DoS on the authentication layer. Also: can you please comment on the original point of my post, which was using a complex password in addition to a fast salted hash? When compared to bcrypt and its purpose/results, is this still an inadequate technical solution, and why? (edited to make 3rd paragraph not retarded and add request for clarification) s/^.+(?= Generator)/Spam Subject/ I haven't seen this link on this thread yet so here we go: http://people.redhat.com/drepper/sha-crypt.html Ulrich Drepper's implementation of a work factor in SHA password hashing. He addresses a popular article on bcrypt() and how using SHA allows one to follow NIST guidelines and still have the advantage of a time-consuming algorithm. me@myhost ~/ :) time perl -le'print crypt("some-password","\$6\$rounds=900000\$myrandomsalt")' $6$rounds=900000$myrandomsalt$O4u/Z5FRNBi3fw6YhAM1V1hC1LAawq9Ri65Kx77GchzOWieXeRs6w83bYqotyqBcz.WE29NygNli93dBDAbpt/ real 0m3.996s user 0m3.990s sys 0m0.005s If someone could comment on this in comparison to bcrypt I would appreciate it. Why should we use bcrypt if this exists in modern crypt() implementations? As an "enterprise" SVN user, I have to say I hate SVN "in the enterprise". Who the hell would want to rely on one repository in one location for all their writes? Not to mention delays in syncing changes read-only upstream creating confusion and loss in productivity for remote devs. The HTTP method seems to be one of the most common uses in the "enterprise" because of its flexibility, but it's also the most buggy (in my experience). I know 'wandisco' makes its money off fixing all the typical "enterprise" problems with SVN, but we don't pay for 'wandisco' so we don't have the luxury of a proprietary fix for an open-source problem. I have not used git. But the fact that it is distributed makes me want to try it a whole lot more. The C language does not exist; neither does Java, C++, and C#. While a language may exist as an abstract idea, and even have a pile of paper (a standard) purporting to define it, a standard is not a compiler. That is some Zen shit. For the PDP-7/11? Probably. so, here's my issues with hosting your own mail. it's probably the most difficult common internet service in the world to maintain. there are a litany of sysadmin tasks you must take care of before you even begin with the really tricky problems. the main reason is that e-mail is arguably the most critical of services. you can't afford to miss a critical e-mail, so its imperative it be incredibly robust and fault tolerant. first you have to set up redundant hosts. preferably on different backbones in different colos, unless a majority of your gear is in one place. next you set up the software as secure as you can so there is a minimum window for 0-days and patching can be done in scheduled maintenance windows. then you set up your monitoring to notify you when something goes south, on both hosts. things like queue size checkers and threshold-based statistic alerts are handy. next you set up your spam filtering. THIS IS HARD. i don't care what any old salty dog mail admin tells you, it is an arduous process to properly manage the filtering and blocking and unblocking etc of mail. for a small site, getting aol or yahoo to unblock your ip range may be a great feat. for a large site, 90% of your traffic will be spam and getting every legitimate mail is nearly impossible without subjecting your users to tons of crap. the cost in money and time just to host some free webmail yourself is astronomical in comparison to putting up with an ad and a possible privacy violation from a free provider like yahoo or gmail. if you want your mail handled properly, pay a big e-mail provider to host it for you, or spend a lot moree time and money to do the same thing yourself. c) hide everything in the ventilation system and leave false laptop/files out as decoy There is no explanation of why a filesystem is a bad place to store "binary blobs". If you're collapsing the metrics that you're storing IN SQL there is something really wrong going on. Logs are OK to store in SQL, assuming you're scraping your logs properly and are logging the proper things. Logging every clickthrough in a relational database is somewhat insane. Logging 10 minutes worth of aggregate clickthroughs is perfectly fine. If you think logs should be a ring buffer I challenge you to tell that to any admin of a system that is subject to laws governing the length of time you must store logs (which is pretty much all e-commerce?). if by "solve" you mean "completely redesign modern RDBMS's" you may be waiting for a while. i'm no expert, but my limited understanding is that most of these services provide a singular interface to a database. to be "automatic infinite horizontal scaling" they'd need to support an infinite number of interfaces on any of these commodity servers. i could be wrong, because again i don't fully understand them, but i think that means basically implementing the equivalent of an 'intelligent' distributed parallel fault-tolerant file system. at that point i figure you could add "lots of glue" (heh, understatement?) to MemcacheDB, MemcacheD, MemcacheQ and some other crap and get something similar. but i could be crazy. six billion five hundred seventy million rows? the important part is the difference between a compromised authentication secret and having local control over hardware/software. the password is now out in the open. there is now one more way for someone to root the slice other than getting control over the node(s) running the slice. In effect, No. The computing power required to crack SHA-512 is infinitesimal compared to that for, say, bcrypt. However, modern crypt() implementations support multiple rounds just like bcrypt and that would make it significantly more difficult (time-wise) to crack. But then again SHA-512 is already being replaced due to some potential flaws found, so.... shrug Kind of pointless to crack your password, though. I mean, it's not like you use the same one for more than one account. i know right? after the 16th character in the 96-character set it gets a little tiresome to type but i think keeping my twitter account secure is worth it. This is exactly why I find running your own mail server does not pay off. Fighting spam is a full-time job and should not be taken lightly. Even large enterprises move the majority of their e-mail hosting to cheap providers like Google. (Unless some other company threatens to stop giving you their business if you go that route) do things 'the right way'. high standards are my personal favorite motivation for doing a good job and working harder. if i know the quality of my work matters i will try harder to get it right. in some orgs it seems quality is completely disregarded in favor of 'just getting things done' and respect for the job suffers. i have no idea how martial arts would help my programming other than some kind of meditation-centric art (shaolin?). i do arnis/eskrima, which are philipino martial arts. the hand to hand is similar to muay thai but a little more focus on defense like locks. the stick fighting is neat because your reflexes improve and you learn how to move (good for sparring). i imagine most weapons classes would be good to sharpen your hand-eye coordination. a second auth step through email would just be added into the trojan to capture. they'd go ahead and run the first token for you and display a fake message that it was successful on your machine. then when you get the e-mail in 2nd stage it'd just mitm that too and finish the auth on its side. text would be more difficult to attack with a trojan, and banks use it; i don't see why WoW couldn't. you get trojans via botnets. very effective covert 0-day kits hidden in vulnerable sites, and not everyone keeps up with all security updates all the time - and all it takes is once. "treating weight lifting as cardio" is intended to build muscle that can perform. take anybody who uses a standard lifting program and they'd die 30 minutes into a p90x/insanity/conditioning program. do the same cardio with weight, or weight with more reps, and your muscles adapt to more continuous strain. if you just care about looking buff or losing/gaining weight quickly, do few high-weight reps. if you're training to be a fighter or just want to be highly conditioned, do lots of reps. yes, but if you are careful you can add a weight vest or light ankle/wrist/dumbbell weights and do various cardio exercises with minimal risk (if you use proper form). you should reduce your weight if your exercises are too high impact. small to medium dumbbells in combination with different exercises (squats, lunges, burpees, squat jumps, etc) can definitely give you an edge in your overall conditioning. jump training is very effective with a good amount of extra weight (30lbs or more) - of course watch your landing. even punching for 3 minutes with 5lb dumbbells is insane. "Unfortunately, the RPM based distro's such as CentOS and Fedora do not have 32-bit ELF support so we are, at this stage, unable to offer equivalent images for those particular distros." Wow. I didn't know Slicehost was on crack. Can somebody explain to me WTF they mean that RPM-based distros don't have support for 32-bit ELF files? CentOS and Fedora have been using 32-bit ELF binaries for ever . Modern CentOS distros ship both 32-bit and 64-bit binaries (including 64-bit kernels). All they should need to do is kick a 64-bit image and remove the 64-bit binaries, and change your yum repo to a 32-bit one only. If the initrd was an issue they'd just switch to the other arch's initrd or rebuild kickstart-images with whatever support they need. This is pretty easy stuff. ...? I click it and it brings me to some minimized search/home page. What is this? http://ostatic.com/blog/a-bright-future-for-drizzle I guess this is old news but this is basically a much moreand flexible form of what I was thinking of (I was only considering the infrastructure/fault-tolerant portion of an RDBMS). You could definitely design a well-scaling horizontal cluster using this design; even if the stock components don't support what you need you just modify stuff outside the microkernel. If I was still going to school, i'd get on Chatroulette and ask people for answers to my homework. In Other News: Real hackers will now be monitoring pager communications for the signals sent to these cars and do it themselves without the company website. I think the point should be, if you're caching really really well, algorithmic problems will not matter . Why? I help to admin a site which is algorithmically shitty yet performs big feats of performance and makes bank. Making bank is the goal. If you can accomplish it even with a shitty algorithm via caching, do that . And honestly, for most horizontally-scaled systems i've seen it's not difficult to "turn down the cache" and watch for load issues. And the best way to debug problems (such as algorithm limitations) is by knowing the hard limits of every facet of your system and comparing against current use metrics. Time-consuming but not very complex. * I've been to 5 high schools * Went through 9th grade twice * Dropped out of school entirely * Self-taught everything I know about computers and technology * Work for a large media company doing the job I set out to do for a decent wage Technically i've achieved all the [other] goals I set out for myself as a kid. Time for some new goals... * Not that this is impressive, but finally began working out 5 months ago and continue to stick to it 4 days a week. This is the longest i've stuck to anything besides a job/relationship and I am in the best shape of my life. well, they say the best way to conquer your fears is to face them. my suggestion: get embarrassed. fail. it's a funny thing, fear. fears always make things seem worse than they are. i think you should do something that would normally embarrass you, and when you are done review what happened as a result. then do it again. each time you get in that situation you come to grips with the totality of your fear, and each time you walk away from it you become that much better at dealing with it. i think the thing to keep in mind is that yes, you will fail. yes you will get embarrassed. but after going through it you will learn how to deal with it. i'll bet you after the 50th time playing guitar in public or singing all your fears would be gone. maybe you can extend that to other parts of your life too? i also agree with looking at people in the eyes, smiling and saying hello whenever you pass. it shows confidence and it trains you to cope with people's rejection should they not smile back. I think an even better question is: what does it take to become a real CA? Don't just assume 'oh, it must be really tough' if you don't know for sure. How much money and what kind of resources would it take some to really create their own valid CA just for generating forged yet valid certs that browsers would not flag as invalid when used in a MITM such as those used by the device in the wired article? i'm sorry, but, how is that difficult? most of that involves basic procedures for verifying someone's identity before providing a cert plus an independent party for auditing and other purposes. you don't even need any money, just to set up the basic infrastructure and steps for issuing certs as documented in provided links. i think they basically hinge on the idea that they will match up your CA with real human beings and verify you gen certs safely, but this is not a roadblock for an attacker. i think with time, patience, and an apparent genuine interest in doing things the right way, anyone could get mozilla to accept their root certificate. (and then generate certs for the black market for unauthorized people with loads of cash) Oh, jesus christ. Listen. Just because you can't do any actual work on an iPad doesn't mean I only have a "work computer." It's very rare I use my laptop for work. I use it for my personal tasks and entertainment and thus it is a personal computer. Now can we please stop with ridiculous comparisons like this? I recommend everyone take 15 minutes and look up a guide to configure a 6to4 address on any interface they have with a public IPv4 address. Try with the anycast address first, and if that doesn't work get a tunnelbroker account. My opinion is all these problems can get solved over time only when everyone is first connected to the network. (there are some guides to setting up a gateway for your 'private' hosts, like this: http://74.125.93.132/search?q=cache:gX-Stzp_WdgJ:www.anyweb.... ) this is, to me, evidence of why Perl is a great language. it's not something people pick up to write web apps. you can write very good web apps with it, but there are better options. but you can also use it to write virtually any kind of application - and the libraries and supporting modules already exist to allow you to complete it, quickly and well. you can probably use Perl for a wider array of apps than any other language (largely due to CPAN). i just wish people who don't know how to program with it would stop picking it up and getting things done. my company's 10-year old Perl webapps are still chugging along just fine, btw. Vapid in the sense that it makes no difference? Or that it has no context? Ok, so right now I see ~300,000 (315, but let's round down - because 15,000 hps is nothing, right?). Let's assume DoubleClick has some very big customers who all do lots of traffic. Let's say they have at least 10 big clients like Amazon that could bring their peak traffic up to a theoretical 10x more than the current average of 300K. That's 3 million hits per second, minus adsense adwords etc. That is enormous. Astounding. And from my point of view, impossible to do without an extremely well laid out infrastructure. This number is therefore not just a vapid boast but a telling example of how awesome their network and applications are for being able to handle load of such magnitude. Even if it were only 5x the current load, 1.5 million hits per second is no walk in the park. You can't handle traffic like that without a truly robust design and several really scalable, really reliable layers, from appliances to handle incoming dns traffic all the way back to the app and database servers. According to this document ( http://docs.google.com/viewer?a=v&q=cache:nqfZBBPVbikJ:w... ) in 2006-2007 DoubleClick's peak ad delivery rate was 250,000 with 900 servers (before they switched to using some . Right now it's current average is more than that. I agree it would be nice to have some comparison to their peak capacity right now, but if you consider how tough it is to handle their current load and that they have to account for significantly increased load, the result is a network which is gigantic. To me this means I can rely on them to properly handle whatever meager site I throw at them to serve ads for. 14 and 15 year olds should not be working in sweatshops. what the hell is wrong with the people defending this? this isn't the pampered western worker vs the average 3rd world worker, this is kids being forced to go without sleep and effectively without a life for pennies. fuck that. i know most people will argue something like "they are probably lucky to get it." it's still bad for them, and trying to justify the bad conditions with arguments like 'its expected of them' really exposes a true lack of empathy for one's fellow man and some pretty selfish reasoning. Rant: There is no point in hiding an entire article just because I disable JavaScript (noscript default block). View Source and ooh, there's the story. Even if somebody has a 'good reason' for doing this, it's annoying and i'll just work around it. I mean, if I have the peace of mind to disable javascript i'm just going to find another way to view your content without it. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Password_policy#Password_durati... Just make your password very complex and the brute force is not much of an issue. Of course, not many people will go for that idea... Probably the best compromise is to review the advancement of password cracking technology over cost and compare that to the required complexity of a password to survive for at least 120 days without being cracked, and make your password complexity at least stronger than that. You can attempt relying on things like bcrypt (if your whole infrastructure happens to support such algorithms) but I think password complexity is enough to thwart most/all attacks. Do the apprentices work 15 hour shifts 6-7 days a week? If so, I believe that is unhealthy, both mentally and physically, for anyone but especially a person whose body is growing and needs more rest than an older person. linode's datacenter offline for 2 hours... and no official explanation. i know everybody's supposed to expect downtime, but it would be nice to know what happened too so i don't just assume it was linode's fault. geez. this makes me want to take some anti-anxiety meds. talking to strangers is very nerve-wracking. The line between active conspiracy and everyone just going along with something because they're easily lead or prefer to believe something a certain way is probably thinner than you imagine. Is The Bible a conspiracy? Is everyone in Christianity secretly in on it? Or are they just going along with it because they like the idea? I don't know about you, but I go for the free cookies & coffee after the service. Criticizing Slackware for lack of modernity would be like criticizing a well-maintained 1957 Chevy for not having power windows or satellite radio. You don't run Slackware to escape from the complexity or configurability of Linux; you run Slackware to embrace those things. A very good analogy for this distro. It is slightly misleading, though, since new technology regularly makes its way into Slack. The problem most people will find isn't the lack of "modernity" in terms of new versions of software and support for features like encrypted root filesystems and modern kernels. If anything I think it's the lack of larger resources [edit: in the way of amount of distro devs, packaged software, software 'polish'] provided by other distros that make Slack daunting. Also, i'd say there is even less complexity and configurability in Slack than most other distros. Each distro brings its own method for dealing with common tasks central to any operating system. Typically these include management of the configuration and operation of local services, network services, and taking care of the heavy lifting of installing complex interlinked applications and libraries. What Slack does is strip all that away. You become the manager of your operating system, not an obscure software tool. What's really beneficial is the experience you gain in working with open source software at such an intimate level. Everyone who wants to really know Linux well should try out LFS once, but then use Slack day to day. Just as a reminder, this will create and install your software as owned with your local user/group. This means your /usr/bin/ and other directories will now be writable by your local user and group. You can pass '-c y' to makepkg to make all directories owned by root:root and mode 0755, which may screw with some things that expect group 'bin' or more tight permissions. I prefer to do 'make install DESTDIR=./PKG/ && rm -rf ./PKG/ && sudo make install DESTDIR=./PKG/ && cd PKG && sudo makepkg -c n -l y ....'. This first tests if the Makefile properly supports DESTDIR (assuming the 'make install' will fail if it tried to install a file to a root-owned directory). If it does, it runs the 'make install' as root with the DESTDIR argument, which will create all the files with the expected owners/perms. I put it all in some shell scripts a while back if you're interested: http://psydev.syw4e.info/new/slacktools/ it sounds somewhat like a vnc plugin in addition to their native chrome applications (if these 'legacy' apps indeed run 'in the cloud'), but could also include wine for windows apps or perhaps a nested X server for native linux apps. but the majority of the article is speculation and a review of recent tech history, so who knows the entire story breaking was based on this principle. he thought it would be best if he basically made a press statement via wired column through a friend who would say all the right things, a day before an official statement by the military. if anyone wants more examples they are not hard to find. now the story is actually about him and not the leaker in question. this kid should run for office. to show how the abs can be worked, go to a pull up bar with a spotter. have them hold your legs bent while you hang directly below the bar. do 5 or 10 pull ups. now have them pull your legs back about a foot or more and do 5 pull ups. usually i can feel my abs strain pretty hard. kiping pull ups work a lot of your core but can be dangerous on temporary pull up bars attached to door frames. What's stopping you? I thought his moral argument was "please pay me for the sheet music so my kids won't starve." Which I agree is ridiculous; he'd just quit writing music and find another job before they died of starvation. I mean, hellooo, soup kitchens are free... so he should subpoena the website for logs of every person she traded his music to and ask them all if they all have the same convenient lack of ability to pay $3.99 online? get real. one person shares with 10, those 10 with 100, and whoops, now he's lost over $400 in potential sales because she wanted to be nice and share. no i can not prove he would have had these sales, nor do i need to. you also seem to ignore his other suggestion: check out the song book at the library. the books are returned, thus as long as the people do not make copies of the books all they can hope to do is memorize the sheet music. if they forget they have to go get it again. if it's already lent out, they have to buy it. as in, an internet of fridges and door locks and cars? good god, the viruses... let's put off the internet of objects until we have a web browser that isn't exploited every other month. i'm pretty sure our mysql boxes do 10 times those reqs on old web server hardware. oracle does about 400, but most people do not need ACID. as a person who deals with tens of thousands of machines/network devices, i disagree that it's a bikeshed. yes you have to refer to a database for specific information. but it can be a huge time saver if the information that is most generally needed is just there, not needing to be looked up. for us, we basically have 4 types of information in a fqdn: datacenter, lan, type of host (web server, database, filer, router, switch, etc) and an additional datacenter identifier. after the root domain comes the datacenter, and if there's an additional subdomain that's the lan. after that is the host name which is a number prefixed by the host type. the number is a randomly-selected number within a certain range. the range indicates what datacenter it's in, so 4000-5999 are in one place and 6000-7999 are in another place (incase whatever you're looking at did not include the subdomains). now we can refer to 'ws1234' and know what it is and where it is. it still has much more specific information, but that can be looked up as necessary. since it's less random it's also easier to read hostnames to people and grep through logs. after having worked with much more confusing naming conventions, i like this simple straightforward method because it's easy to read, talk about, and gives the basic information i need before i look up the specifics in the inventory db. can you do without it? of course. but does that make my job easier or harder? random journalist or insider: "hi, geek squad? can you set up some encryption software that allows me to perform covert communication across the internet? i don't know, freenet or freenode or firefox or something. what? no no, i'm definitely doing nothing suspicious. don't tell anyone, ok?" i'm sure they could get it done, but its much easier to get found out. better to have a simple method you don't rely on anyone else for. the comments are great, especially the 'full of shit' and jessica's. it'd be nice to have more of something you hate? this paradox is troubling. perhaps you should learn to love money, or learn to want/need less of it? examples: don't own an expensive mode of transportation, don't eat out, downsize your living arrangements. i love how they're openly stating it's confusing and controversial so they're going to keep it secret so no one can object before it's completely finished. this will become a barbara streisand pretty quick. last i looked there was nothing free that rivaled Project. other systems like AtTask (shudder) have the same functionality in spades, but poorly designed imho. scripting a basic gantt image creator from some image library and excel files is pretty trivial with perl and other languages. is there any problem with going outside before you have lunch, taking off your shirt and running a mile? this should allow for at minimum 5 minutes, at maximum 15 minutes of sun exposure. With FreeBSD you can be assured that STABLE is stable and CURRENT is current. Releases are taken very seriously, as can be seen by FreeBSD 5 (one of the best OS releases every, IMO) took years to finalize. Point releases are binary and API compatible with .0 releases (ie. 5.5 binaries are guaranteed to run on 5.0) Each time i've tried a "stable" release right out the gate (5.0, 6.0, 7.0) I have had numerous random crashes and bugs in the default install. I always have to wait a few minor revisions for the bugs to be worked out. Of course, i'm a Linux guy, so maybe i'm doing something wrong. i assumed the half of the population who weren't allowed to take off their shirt would wear some kind of minimal sports covering. even an a-shirt or something similar would still expose one to a sufficient amount of vitamin D, perhaps with a few more minutes exposure. it's not wikileaks' job to filter what gets leaked. that's the job of the leaker. you have to understand, there's very little cause to leak classified documents. most people who have classified jobs would be retarded not to assume they could get caught. if they have some matireal which they object to, they weigh it against the possibility of manning's fate (which could be death, or just lots of torture). if it's worth the risk, they leak it. this wild west of anarchy where every secret gets leaked will not exist. but important, controversial things (or whatever could sway the balance of power of any given government) that are worth the risk, will be leaked. for the first time in the history of the world the powerful are afraid of keeping secrets. and that's OK with me. Yes. With a deployment tool that provides an audit trail, an easily searchable log with description of changes, locking, change reversion (not revision), and optional change management and code review. They should get read-only access to the webserver configuration and logs, but no actual write access in production. Just enough access that they can fuck up code in production, but enough checks and balances to make un-fucking the code easy for Operations. Obvious practices such as 'never deploy code Friday afternoon' and 'financial code requires change management approval' also help. Limited restarting of services allowed with big fat e-mail warnings to Operations and dev groups, with audit trail. A lot of those same workers today don't use nose/mouth coverings (save for a bandanna). The rural poor continue to sacrifice for the urban well-off. Not everyone has the benefit of schools with computers. Getting kids in many districts to comprehend basic math or science first would be nice. it's not difficult to control where malware spreads. directly attacking specific ranges is one easy method, as is coding the limitation into your bot or only sending commands to the ones in a certain range. get akamized. you can also build traffic limits into your web stack or OS or network gear if you're afraid of traffic ramps hurting your wallet. like tptacek said, a good DDOS looks like normal traffic, so this could happen if you got slashdotted by 10 different news sites. the case in question involves limited licensed spectrums and companies which have legal monopolies over who can use their network and how. it's like bellsouth requiring you to use an Apple for broadband and comcast requiring Microsoft. it's anti-competitive and unfair to both consumers and any company that may want to compete due to the harsh cost of either entering the market or for a consumer to pay for the expensive new devices or contracts. considering this is the most ubiquitous method of communication in the nation (and probably the world) this is something every government should regulate. i really don't like any aspect of this at all. so, my encryption is not guartanteed, i don't know if it's working, it doesn't cover all network traffic, and isn't shipped by default with any operating systems. i'm never going to use this and i'm never going to recommend it to anyone for any purpose. (sorry, i drank a jug of haterade this morning) what's the point of "more encryption than you have now" if it can be disabled by mitm (this includes the 'wireless networks' cited as a good reason to use it) and you don't even know if it's working? if i want to use encryption, i want to know its encrypted . there is no point otherwise. an example: i'm using an unencrypted network and plaintext protocol. if there's no attacker on the network, my data is "safe." if there is an attacker, my data is effectively compromised. if i'm using this solution around the same network connection and there is no attacker on the network, my data is safe. if there is an attacker, they'll see it's this lame attempt at encryption, disable it through mitm, and my data is effectively compromised. in a real life setting i can't depend on this to secure my data. however, ssh, openvpn, ipsec and other solutions provide assured encryption (unless you screw up the configuration). you don't even need a CA with ssh or openvpn - copy your keys or certs by a usb key once and you immediately have a strong defense against mitm. i'd love to see sites provide a secure encryption alternative to SSL which allows for out-of-band transfer of secure keys and 1-to-1 authentication to prevent a nation's clandestine operations from peeking at my traffic. that probably won't happen though. in the meantime i protect my last-mile access with a secured tunnel; i just pray SSL is strong enough to not be attacked at a hop from my tunnel endpoint to the site. take out 'this document is confidential', add SSN. a lot of false hits, but some genuine government employee records too. also the bush era whitehouse visitors logs which are just kinda interesting to skim through can you give me an example of a connection that can be passively sniffed and not injected into? unless you have some wacky physical media which has no Tx, if you can see their traffic at the very least you send spoofed packets to the destination or source. if you're on the source's LAN you just spoof DNS and/or ARP for either the default gateway or the destination. if you're on the destination's LAN you can spoof the destination or do packet injection. if you're in between either LAN you can arguably do any damn thing you like, depending on network topology and routes. but i don't see a case where i could see the traffic and not do something to either downgrade the connection, hijack it or mitm it. so they're risking their data on an uncertain possibility that a user might catch on that i've been downgrading their sessions and stealing everything? once you explain this to a user, do you think they'll really trust it? considering about every third time i visit a high traffic site with ssl i get a new cert pushed to me, i don't think ssh is a good comparison. also, perhaps i skipped over this, but tcpcrypt seems like a level of encryption well below application, thus if we did get a hijacker trying to 'change the self signed cert' after an initial connection (or just dropping the encryption) we wouldn't know, unlike ssl/browsers. am i incorrect? mainly i feel sorry for this guy because of how out of touch he is. he packs more to be homeless than i pack to go camping and basically tries to emulate whatever he finds to be a stereotypical homeless person. maybe he never worked in food service and thus didn't know american dumpsters are goldmines of safe, edible food? more than anything, this seems like a feeble attempt at a rich person to do something they consider "crazy" so they can have a cool story to tell their friends over caviar. "oh wow, look how dirty i was! ha ha!" this guy needs to get over himself. there's lots of reasons why people become homeless ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homelessness#Contributing_cause... ) and most well-off people simply don't think about the kind of problems people have to deal with just to survive. homelessness is a multi-faceted and complex issue which encompasses millions of people in different situations. there is no way to "see how they live", unless maybe you got some head trauma, a broken leg, asthma and were dumped somewhere you didn't know with no support system and no job skills (compounded perhaps by a self-medicating drug or alcohol habit). do you want to help the homeless? tell your congressmen to pass laws that help them with their real life problems they need to overcome ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homelessness#Problems_faced_by_... ) before they can try to sustain themselves with a job and housing. donate to organizations which provide food and shelter to many instead of handing out money to individuals. give old clothes and supplies (like the backpack & sleeping bag he tossed) to goodwill or a local shelter. mainly the way people can help the homeless is by putting forth resources to help people learn how to elevate themselves above simply surviving, which most people eventually settle for compared to what seems like the immense difficulty of getting a stable job. most of the homeless he encountered isn't most of the homeless. it's a small subsection of homeless in two parts of his town. different parts of different towns have different kinds of homeless. the wikipedia article i linked to explains how a surge of homeless came about, many of them having mental or medical issues. many times those coming back from war have both and end up homeless. and sure, eating what little you can, living outside and a stay in prison may give you better reflexes than a rich computer geek who blogs about being homeless for a week. i don't think many people anticipate being homeless and then go and buy homeless gear. they aren't going to pack themselves a homeless kit. i imagine one would acquire things as they wander, pick up other people's junk, get what they can in handouts, etc. by just buying this stuff you're giving yourself an advantage over the penniless. perhaps it was his interest in only doing this for a week that prompted this "self-donation", i dunno. i refer to this same point regarding phone/laptop/etc. it's feeble because he didn't really appear homeless. he only did it for a week. he just tried to get into places that were more comfortable vs living like the people who were unfortunate enough not to win the lottery. in other words, he was basically trying to game the system and see how good life could be as a homeless person vs how life really is. he's intelligent, well prepared, aware of his surroundings. he doesn't have any particular handicap which could prevent him from eventually just finding stable work. he makes a good point that there are good resources for people who fall on hard times temporarily, but this doesn't account for the majority of homeless who stay homeless for an extended time (or indefinitely). and i found it feeble because he spent more time taking pictures of himself than getting to understand "the freaks" or anyone else but black mike. he experienced homelessness. but through a crystal glass, behind a pompous facade, with the armor of reserves of cash and helpful, resourceful friends. based on the conclusions of his blog, i don't think he learned anything. mainly i don't think you can compare one homeless situation to another and so this kind of "see what its like" scenario is not useful. I try to stack another buck on any time the tip will be You do this in Mexico to get out of traffic stops. Is it a cultural custom designed to get preferential treatment? Yes. But it's also called bribery. this is how matasano got owned. an easily guessable account got broken into and root priv escalation was used. if they were using port knocking an attacker would have had to be in the middle, which is possible but adds an extra 'auth' layer so increases overall intrusion hardness. also, everyone keeps talking up these scripts to stop brute forcing... two iptables rules will do this for you. For hackers: this works the other way too. Let your SO describe what they do to you, even if it puts you to sleep. They'll appreciate it. I completely agree, which is why I wanted someone to give me a task they would find useful vs just academic exercises. Also, I don't know where to begin with projects that need help. Can you suggest a way to find those projects more in need, or is there one using perl/c/python that you're familiar with and needs help? so, without knowing your actual infrastructure, here are some questions/comments. 1. do you have a cache layer? the ability to batch-update multiple of the same event without actually hitting a db (or, shudder, disk I/O) can help you in general and provides an edge during huge spikes. 2. reliable monitoring is hard. you usually need an extra host to check the other hosts, typically with a very low resource service/protocol like snmp, ganglia, collectd. send alerts based on threshold or ramping. also try to benchmark your service and get numbers on the amount of memory, cpu, hps etc. that will make it tip over and set hard limits in your applications/servers. 3. i don't know your hoster or how they scale, but i'm a big fan of ultra low cost VPS's that dynamically scale. i wouldn't rely on any single hoster for my entire site, but for excess capacity there are dozens of good cheap providers you can scale out with. i don't usually look at amazon because of (iirc) the huge cost for short return. but definiely look to see if you can expand your hosters for DR. it's funny you bring this up because we were just discussing site performance at work today. what i took away from it is this: speed is mostly relevant when there's a competing product providing similar value and you risk losing business due to inferior user experience. if google were far better than their competitors at providing what users want (relevant search results they don't have to dig through) they could take 5 seconds and it wouldn't matter. the added value of getting what you want on the first try at the top of the page would keep people using that product. yes, 500ms can seem like an awful lot when you come from a world of 250ms. but if the results returned from the 500ms are significantly better, you bet your ass users will sit through double the time to get better, more reliable results. IANASEOE, YMMV, HBD, ETC. but for us, yes. the site of my company was balls slow yet managed amazing feats of capitalism, mostly due to a faithful userbase in the face of faster and cheaper alternative sites. value won out. an example: Steam, the game delivery system, takes longer to deliver and properly execute games than it takes to buy one from the store, install it and run it. but you get more value from steam so people sit through hours or nights/days worth of downloading to run its games. so you don't have a backup of any of your data? this is why i love hacker news. the more you know about where your food comes from, the better. maybe you wouldn't eat that burger if you knew the pesticides, hormones and antibiotics that go into it. maybe you wouldn't eat that shellfish which may be full of birth control hormones. and maybe you wouldn't eat that genetically modified corn. in the bigger picture, eating a dead wasp seems like the healthy choice. i am not a geneticist, but i look at any change without lots of historical data and studies as alpha or beta quality and i assume a possibility for bugs. online is not a backup. there is a reason we back up databases to magnetic tape, store them in remote locations, rotate tapes and test their integrity. use a password keyring! mozilla provides one if you enable master password and sync your profiles between home and work. kwallet, gnome keyring and keepass are other alternatives. i was working on backporting a gaim master password patch to pidgin but haven't had the time to finish it. if you write down some passwords on paper and put them in your wallet, rc4-encrypt them with a master password and write down the base64 equivalent. there should be plenty of free javascript decoders for base64 and rc4 so you can decode them wherever you can find a browser. (yes this is paranoid, but if people know you keep passwords in your wallet it's trivial to get your pocket picked) If you're keeping ALL of your user profile data in ACID-compliant databases you're probably doing it wrong. Large modern websites store tons of information about a user which may not in any way be necessary to even keep for anything other than data mining, or perhaps preferences, click/hit tracking, etc. I can't see how such data is important in any way in regards to finances or trades, so why it couldn't be done on a much-less-resource-intense database solution I don't understand. Moreover, the cascading effect of a database failure is made much worse by putting all your eggies in one basket and depending on this one cluster of databases to keep the whole ship afloat. In a good design scenario, much of the site should still keep operating even if the backend databases are timing out from load. For example, your cache layer (if not expired) should continue serving cached content/logins/etc. This may not be as useful for clients that sign in randomly or throughout the day, but for people who use the site frequently or stay logged in throughout the day their sessions should stay active in this scenario. The content in the user profile which doesn't require ACID compliance could also be using caching and nosql/mysql/etc which would keep the apps working even longer in the event of an outage of a particular piece of technology. Because this technology doesn't require some of the more complicated requirements of Oracle RAC it may also be easier to recover/restore old data, again assuming this doesn't have a particular need for ACID. I completely agree that you should not ride on the sidewalk. It's much safer to ride where cars are looking: the road. Wave, use your lights, anything to get people's attention, and assume the cars do not see you. However. If it's night time, and i'm riding up a busy 45mph street with no bike lane, you bet your ass i'm riding the sidewalk. I'll be paranoid and stop at every single vehicle or pedestrian crossing, but i'll ride the sidewalk. I know the kinds of people that drive these streets, and I know it only takes one asshole veering 12 inches into the side of the road to send me flying at a pole and potentially back into traffic. Drunk drivers, drivers on cellphones, people not watching the road, people looking for loose change in the glove box, or just freak accidents. Any single event could kill you on a bike. Where I live we don't have the luxury of taking up a whole lane of traffic to bike safely - if you do, the least you get is harassed (horns, trash thrown at you, threats). If they're driving an expensive car you're more likely to get run out of the lane because they know they own all the lanes. https://wiki.softwink.com/bin/view/Main/SaganFAQ#Why_Sagan http://www.darknet.org.uk/2010/07/sagan-real-time-system-eve... Pretty good system to correlate different events to get a better picture of a potential intrusion. If you're familiar with Snort I recommend checking it out. The second strangest part of this outage (to me) was that the cluster "was quickly overwhelmed by hundreds of thousands of queries a second." Does Facebook not have a way to curtail the number of queries being sent to its databases? I'm not a highly experienced programmer or dba but i've seen mod_perl websites that can do this with their API layer. It was engineered in once it was realized the database cluster could only do so many queries and connections at a time and they didn't want to lock up the database servers. The strangest thing to me was that the clients had the permission to essentially cause a race condition across the whole site. From what I understand, the client ran an API call which either forced a re-fetch of a key which apparently only needed to be fetched once (and thus theoretically could have been staged in advance using a database application not running on the frontend site which could update the cache and prevent a database fetch, or just update the database, whichever was more necessary), or failing the database connection due to the aforementioned thundering herd of QPS it also triggered a re-fetch from the db (which again could have been prevented by a db app pre-loading the new value). So, if my outsider's idea of how Facebook's code works is accurate, this could have been prevented if either the cache/database was "pre-fetched" in the background not using client API calls, or if client API calls simply weren't allowed to all modify [and read] from a single key in the database. The latter point seems less likely than the former, but possible. (Sorry if i'm speaking out of line or as an uneducated FB user, but according to these comments and RJ's breakdown this is how it appears to me) I could just be misinformed/sleepy, but why can't we all just multihome? Upgrade or replace (tech refresh, anyone?) all gear which doesn't natively support v6 and start running both networks at the same time. You hardly need to support anything but the routable address space of v6 if the device is configured for a v4 network, and applications can get patches to prefer a v6 connection (apparently even though some applications claim to try to make a v6 connection first, it doesn't usually work for me in practice). This at least buys you the time and flexibility of transitioning the chicken while the egg finishes gestating/maturing. We all realize that every v4 frontend server has to support v6 before clients can be transitioned. However, I don't see a problem with giving everyone a v4 and a v6 in the meantime while the servers are upgraded. This means middle-man upgrades first, and basically every link between an internet host has to natively support both ipv4 and ipv6. If you just used RAs you don't have to support dhcpv6 yet, and dhcpv4 handles the stuff RAs don't for the clients. Perhaps i'm over-simplifying. (edit) Also, completely separate thought: why the hell isn't Obama offering a discount to help transition like they did with TV? That was a pointless upgrade while this is a real looming problem. Can somebody get Google and Microsoft in a room and make them form an IPv6 lobby? Reason #3 is a good one. In Perl i'd make DBDs for all the NoSQL solutions I had to use and tell my devs to use that, but what else could we do that'd be more language-independent? The short term benefit in my proposal is being completely backwards-compatible and avoiding the problems of tunneling and other proposed workarounds while providing IPv6 routing where necessary. It doesn't "fix" the problem of running out of IPv4 address space (unless a given ISP decides to switch to IPv6-only, require its customers to upgrade, and turn on a multihomed IPv4 address for extreme cases). What it does do is allow the transition to take place. Everyone should be shouting at the top of our lungs at ISPs to support this so we can get this chicken/egg scenario over with. People are basically in denial. The cost is never going to be null and everyone has to move eventually. Server admins actually have the bulk of the responsibility here for getting the whole internet migrated to IPv6. It's their services we want to use and network addresses are just a way of getting to them. The problem is they have seemingly no accountability. I tried to hold the admin of xkcd.com's feet to the fire and I got rebuffed. Unless there's a substantive potential for their customers to abandon them they don't really give a crap (hopefully because they have other things to take care of). And in the meantime they can claim they don't need to move because the rest of the network isn't ready for them yet. So tell ISPs to multihome already and we can then start telling server admins to get their shit together because the rest of the network is ready for them. I can't edit this post anymore so another random comment: ssh doesn't work with link local addresses. I just set up an ad-hoc wireless network between my two laptops and tried to ssh from one to the other. The addressing works because I can "broadcast"-ping both networks successfully: psypete@pinhead:~$ ping6 -Iwlan0 ff02::1 PING ff02::1(ff02::1) from fe80::216:eaff:fe9b:56e2 wlan0: 56 data bytes 64 bytes from fe80::216:eaff:fe9b:56e2: icmp_seq=1 ttl=64 time=0.055 ms 64 bytes from fe80::20e:8eff:fe13:5741: icmp_seq=1 ttl=64 time=2.23 ms (DUP!) But unfortunately it seems ssh doesn't know to set its sin6_scope_id for the interface of the bind address I tell it. psypete@pinhead:~$ strace -e trace=network ssh -6 -b fe80::216:eaff:fe9b:56e2 fe80::20e:8eff:fe13:5741 2>&1 | grep AF_INET6 bind(3, {sa_family=AF_INET6, sin6_port=htons(0), inet_pton(AF_INET6, "fe80::216:eaff:fe9b:56e2", &sin6_addr), sin6_flowinfo=0, sin6_scope_id=0}, 28) = -1 EINVAL (Invalid argument) (edit) Wait, nevermind, i'm a noob. I have to specify the scope ID in the address with the postfix '%wlan0'. Adds to the list of new crap to memorize for IPv6 transition > I completely agree. But I can't think of a way to solve this. Charge people more to use IPv4-only networks and make it slower. Oh, wait...... If you're hardcore you can even get a treadmill to go with it. So in a recent episode of PAX TV they showed one of the penny arcade creators had a gaming system installed in front of a treadmill. Obviously programming's going to be a lot more difficult while walking than playing a video game, so perhaps program the treadmill to move forward a few feet every 30 seconds or so? It might be enough of a small change that you can learn to ignore the small movement while standing and may keep the body from getting stiff. I like the aspect of not jumping on the old 'lets reinvent the wheel again' and 'we need a new tool for an old problem' bandwagon. Sysadmins should not be wasting their ever-shrinking valuable time writing code (that they probably aren't even experienced enough to write well) when they can pick a 'product' like xargs or wget off the shelf and get the job done in a tenth the time. Add to this the fact that modern computers are more than powerful enough to handle complex computing tasks and the cloud is often very costly for the same computing power as you'd find on your desktop and you end up doing it faster and cheaper using a standard Unix workstation and tools. However, it's a mistake to think this 'taco bell programming' is somehow a good model for actual programming, or even some sysadmin tasks. This should be renamed 'Taco Bell Kludging'. Because that's mostly what we're talking about: using a quick hack/kludge on a command-line to finish a job quickly instead of programming. In terms of actually building a scalable, fault-tolerant solution, sometimes the Unix tools just won't do. Don't shortcut and cut yourself off at the knees just to save time. People, NTLM hashes have been dead for years. Stop using them. http://support.microsoft.com/kb/299656 Am I the only one who was just inspired to reduce his 'friends list' from 145 to 38? Yes, the article I point to is concerning LM hashes, but NTLM hashes are almost as bad - and you can stop using them. This URL shows you how to force NTLMv2: http://windows-secure.net/O.Reilly-Securing.Windows.Serv/059... The idea is to try to force Kerberos authentication only. I can't find any tips on forcing it explicitly (even through group policies) but perhaps there's a firewall method to disable any [NT]LM auth and only allow Kerberos auth. I think some specific services may only allow NTLM (such as Telnet) and some services (such as IIS) may have to explicitly be configured to use Kerberos. (edit) I should mention that I am not an expert on configuring Windows domains or their authentication (obviously) but according to some random guy I asked in IRC, if the SPN is set on a calling ID for a given service, Kerberos will always be used (or attempted anyway) and enabling TCP instead of UDP for the communication may help it get through firewalls etc (and solve some other login-related problems with UDP attempts). However, I think NTLM is the only one that can get through all manner of proxies, firewalls, etc (for IIS for example). What I don't get is why people thought this was some heretical nonsense? It makes total sense, and is kind of obvious when you actually consider the design. A car with a big sail on it would only be powered by the wind and probably not exceed the wind speed, because nothing else is driving it. But it was clear that this thing had two power sources: the force of the wind moving it forward, and the force of the prop pushing the air backward (that may sound totally retarded, I know nothing of physics) and propelling itself forward. It's as if people just stopped thinking once they hit the conundrum part of it and purely started trying to form reasons why it could not work, and didn't really question or analyze it with the possibility of them being wrong. If someone ever produces a good book of best practices for sysadm/syseng, please provide examples like these of why it's important to follow these best practices. Yes, we've all made silly mistakes. But if you're in that design meeting and somebody asks, should we do ABC in case of XYZ, try not to think about how complicated or time consuming it might be to do ABC. Think about the worst case. If not doing it could at some point bring down the whole business, perhaps you should ponder it some more. Actually, screw a book... Does anyone else want to start some wiki pages their experiences with screw-ups, the causes and the solutions? Does this exist in a comprehensive way and I just haven't found it? Thanks, i'll give this a read. In my experience the best solution for a large-scale dynamic site is a combination of read-only access to production and deploy management. Deploy management is the combination of a change management system with a deployment tool in a flexible way. So for example, with the right options, in an emergency the manager of a team of developers could deploy anything to the site immediately without requiring approval from change management. The tools are still right there to revert any change, and of course there's snapshots and daily backups for the most critical data. Except for emergencies, all changes to production would come with an approval from a higher-up with potential code review back-and-forth first. Contact data and reversion capabilities are built in, so everybody knows who did what, how to contact them and how to revert it if they're unavailable. And of course your trending data will tell you when your peak use is and code pushes are typically frozen during that time, minimizing further potential loss. However, besides having read-only access to production, devs should also have two kinds of testing: "development" and "staging". Development is where the bleeding-edge broken stuff lives and code is written. Staging is an identical machine to those in production. Often you'll see test or qa machines which aren't identical to production, usually because changes aren't pushed to them the way they are in production. The staging machine gets all changes pushed to it like any other production machine, except it lives in a LAN that cannot access production or anything else. A method to reproduce incoming requests and sessions from production system to this staging server will give you a pretty good idea what "real traffic" looks like on this box, if you need it. What the average person should understand about high paying jobs is: it's bullshit. One guy gets paid half what another guy gets for doing the same job. You can analyze it any way you want, you can compare markets and the critical nature of the job crossed with the experience and yadda yadda. It's bullshit. Many of us have worked with people making tons of money and they just don't seem to have a clue... That's because they're good at bullshitting. The pointy haired boss, the brainless engineer, or my favorite, the government employee who gets mid-6 figures for re-filing someone else's paperwork. What the average person doesn't understand is they can easily get the high paying job if they can bullshit well enough. And we all suffer because people like this keep getting hired and we have to deal with their bullshit. Why some companies have great hiring practices and others are a joke, and they pay virtually the same, I have no idea. But if you can bullshit, there's a high-paying job waiting for you somewhere. Google web cache for those who can't get to non-standard ports: https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:E3WJ19... Some more interesting tidbits on how to write exploits: http://x9090.blogspot.com/2010/03/tutorial-exploit-writting-... Please don't call someone fat and lazy, even if it is more direct. People respond better to courteousness than rudeness. The countermeasures you can use today to counter web server resource starvation attacks are: * Turn off keep-alives * Turn MaxRequestsPerChild/Thread down to a minimum * Set your timeouts low * Set your MaxClients/Threads to a number your server can handle * Enforce LimitRequest* settings * Enforce cpu runtime, memory, and other limits on CGI to prevent an overly-zealous set of web apps from loading your boxes * Don't accept POST and other methods if you don't need it, and enforce a maximum POST size in your web apps * Play with mod_antiloris, mod_qos and mod_evasive and see which works best for your application. * Use a single iptables rule to drop more than X connections at a time from any host You're right that a stupid attack like a plain-old DDoS using normal machines to make normal requests is probably the most effective. After blocking tor and anonymous proxies there's only a few other ways to block a large number of different addresses from flooding your site, usually with packet analysis on # average connections per host and repeatedly requested URIs, but those aren't as trivial to implement as the settings above. Yes, i'm pretty sure being courteous is what causes people to become fat and lazy. It has nothing to do with diet, exercise or a sedentary lifestyle. Actually I wasn't aware of such a feature, it's kind of neat. But no, that won't help with this attack (the filter works only on HEAD and GET methods, and this attack is about the content after a POST). It looks like this filter deals with reducing the CPU required to handle the request portion of an initial HTTP connection. I suppose this could help with preventing the server from being starved of resources for an attack on solely transmitting an HTTP request, but that could be mitigated by a 5 or 10 second timeout on getting a HEAD/GET request from the client initially (which should be reasonable even for dial-up and mobile connections). And I personally haven't ever seen a DoS attack on a proxy layer that ate up more CPU than any other resource, so I don't see this filter as being a significant advantage over the basic tuning you can do with connections on the proxies. Oh, and as tptacek mentioned, a reverse proxy like varnish can definitely help in different DoS scenarios. I haven't used varnish in the real world so I can't speak to specific advantages, but in general, dedicated reverse proxies are a great way to offload initial processing, provide more resources for a high number of connections and deal with host-level attack mitigation so the app servers don't have to waste time on it. Haven't searched much yet - does this have anything to do with the Skype protocol encryption being cracked and the people responsible leaking POC code before they release it to the world this month at 27C3? Heh, well it's going to be a concern again after this month. IIRC they said they are going to release a more complete tool to let you explore the Skype network in general (besides just decoding packets for sniffing). In theory you can penetrate corporate networks wherever there is a Skype client running, and if they found a bug in an old version of Skype it's possible they could send a worm through the network and take out a lot of machines. But maybe it is more likely that it was just an innocent bug. I just asked the question because it seemed like a big coincidence that Skype should go down right before these guys do a big exposee on the protocol and encryption. I'm pretty young and uneducated (which means don't listen to anything I say), but it seems to me that wars are profitable. Arms and heavy vehicle manufacturers create jobs which stimulate our economy, and the foreign nations and international banks that control our debt get to dig a little deeper in our pockets. It sort of helps everyone but the enemy. After the war we get more money by "winning" contracts to rebuild what we've blown up - but slower and more inefficiently than is necessary, with lots of extra cash mysteriously disappearing once it reaches foreign soil (the equivalent of a CEO bonus, but instead for CIA and whoever else need a payday for ensuring the war goes off without a hitch). But I could be wrong. (Also, what's the alternative to the Dollar and Euro? Micro-economies? Maybe an economy built out of dealing with a massive number of differing currencies and economies?) Hopefully-constructive criticism/additions: * If your ssh connection took forever, it doesn't really matter if it's a load-issue or bandwidth-issue. The site is ungodly slow and so will be your admin access time. Kill the site, put up an "under construction" sign, fix the performance issue, bring the site back. Link to a google-cache, web archive, or other version if possible in the meantime. * Don't waste time running a ps. If you're running apache, just grep for MaxClients in the error log. Actually, there's really no point in checking because if you're being slashdotted, you hit MaxClients, I guarantee. * Top isn't going to give you an accurate amount of memory used per process. You need to check smaps and some other things and all of that will take too long. Remove all modules except what you need to serve whatever static content you want to get out there during the slashdotting. You definitely do want to reduce the memory any way you can if you're constantly swapping and its loading you to hell (confirm with vmstat/mpstat/iostat). * `killall -9 httpd` works faster. * Your estimates of ram per client are going up when they should be static (25MB for 512 RAM and 54MB for 4G?). If you're lucky your app won't even actually use up all this valuable memory - Copy-on-Write will save as much space as it can unless the individual process needs to reserve some anonymous memory in the process. Once you unburden yourself of extra modules (run 'ldd' on the individual apache modules if you want to see all the shit they can load into your box at runtime) run apache with one or two processes to test and look at the memory use, and go from there. * I'm kind of on the fence about this one, but in some circumstances it can help a little to reduce MaxReqPerChild to something stupidly low, like 100-1000. You risk overloading with i/o when your process reaps and a new one loads up, but if your processes keep swelling up with more memory as they run (hi mod_perl!) killing them off and starting new may help you. * Honestly, in a slashdotting situation, use 'wget' or 'curl' to take a snapshot of your dynamic page(s) and put those in place as static files to be served to users. If you don't have a proper caching layer don't even worry about your database because you will almost invariably kill it with queries, which will kill your webservers. If you want a 'dynamic' version of your site to show to people that updates regularly, set up a cron job to wget the dynamic pages every 1-2 minutes and overwrite the static copy (but for god's sake make it back up the old copy and only move it if it's not empty or an error page). * Looking for the biggest files is good. You can also grep and sort the apache logs to see which files are being requested the most, and staticize/shrink them however possible (css/jsp can have excess whitespace removed with some tools, images can be shrank with 'convert', dynamic pages can be made static as above, etc). `cat $LOG_DIR/access_log | sed -e 's/.*] "/"/' | sort | uniq -c | sort -g | tail` (sort doesn't print the count with 'sort -u' ... somebody should add that). Oh yeah, and anything that prints a log? You should disable that now before /tmp or /var fills up. So I have an idea. For HTTPS responses that are cached to disk, 1. do we care about the security of the files on disk? 2. if so, do we do anything to actually secure this content on disk? If 2 is 'No', could we perhaps encrypt the content with the SSL cert (or some piece[s] of it) before written to disk? Say you have an app you want/need to benefit from caching but the cached data contains sensitive information you'd like to make it harder to get at from a long-term perspective. Take some unique bits (or lots of bits; they're kind of small) and encrypt the cached data with it, and make a hash so you can reference where this cached item came from without explicitly noting where it came from. This would let you store the data with the knowledge that if somebody recovered a hard drive with this old data it would be difficult for them to figure out where the cached data came from and how to encrypt it. I realize i'm basically asking to use public information to encrypt private data. This can't be too difficult to 'hack' around but you'd need to know what website and certificate created the cached copy (so those entries should probably leave the 'history' as soon as the browser exits). I'm not too familiar with SSL certs in general so to add extra protection you can add something like Firefox's Master Password to the encryption scheme so it's "genuinely" encrypted without data which can be found or guessed like in the SSL cert. Sorry if this is off-topic, just popped in my head and now i'm curious. Yes, but how many web developers are in a position to decide how their documents are cached, and of those, how many care to? If it's in the web browser I can determine how sensitive data is handled so I don't have to rely on all web developers to do the right thing. Also, this may be a completely separate issue, but shouldn't persistent cookies set over https also be encrypted on disk in some way? If a bank website was found to be setting persistent cookies over https, i'd sure want the browser to be encrypting that cookie in some way before putting it on my hard disk. Again, I don't know if browsers already support this, but I think they should. We're no strangers to love... A full commitment's what i'm thinking of... This reminds me how some companies still run old web apps on huge server farms made of boxes with 4GB of RAM. They're basically building in a limitation so the programmers can't try to gain performance boots via memory caching if they wanted to. Also consider that though the article indicates a ~$900-1000 for a full 24GB system, it may be only ~$3000 for a S5520SC-based system with 96GB. I suppose one would be good for horizontally-scaled web caches and the other for big databases or whatever funky app might make tons of random seeks over a large dataset. My $0.02: I don't like the idea of ordering something which I have no idea if I will like (not that I can tell if that would happen as there's not much information). And if the point is to just find clothes that females approve of I can go on some women's fashion forum and ask them directly, then go find it in the store and try it on. I think "personal stylist online service" is a more useful business model than "send me a shirt that look nice". I can buy a shirt, but i'm probably doing the rest of "style" wrong and could use tips tailored to the rest of my appearance to make myself more professional or attractive looking. Portraits of the 16 people killed last month in PGC: http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2011/01... https://awesome.naquadah.org/wiki/Irssi_tips (also: "/set beep_when_window_active ON" "/set beep_when_away ON") I use irssi bell on message combined with tmux's status bar notification on bell from a panel. When I get a message, irssi sends a bell to the tmux panel, and the tmux status bar at the bottom signifies I should go check the window/panel irssi is running in. (tmux is a slightly more user friendly and horizontal/vertical split alternative to screen) Do we really care if our users' password "password1" is cracked? If we're not going to enforce complex passwords then trying to fight brute force cracks is pointless. They can just check the 1000 most commonly used passwords and net a tenth of the accounts. On the other hand, enforcing a strong password would make it virtually impossible no matter what the algorithm. It's 1-factor security, so it will only ever be as secure as 1-factor; if you can steal it you have access. I can take someone's debit card to the bank drive-up window and empty the account, so yeah, I wouldn't worry about if you carry a debit card around. i can use a debit card in stores and online without a pin, and take money out of the bank without a pin at the drive-thru. if all i need is a card that's one factor. The book Bridge to Terabithia (of which a 2007 film was adapted) was at number 8 on the ALA's list of frequently challenged books because: "The censorship attempts stem from death being a part of the plot; Jess' frequent use of the word "lord" outside of prayer; concerns that the book promotes secular humanism, New Age religion, occultism, and Satanism; and for use of offensive language." Maybe it's better we don't have a similar process. Haha, that's awesome! The FTP scene is so big they need distributed ftp agents to FXP their wares? I always thought their drama and "wars" over shit like sharing files (....like it's not going to happen? not like they're using DRM or something) was incredibly overblown, even as a kid. Glad to see they're just as retarded now as ever. So browsing graphical tabs is quicker for you then using "Ctrl+RightArrow" or "Ctrl+n" or some variation of one of those? Traversing my screen or tmux sessions is usually much faster than using a mouse. Do you actually contact 10,000 people in a way that's not spam? The answer is obviously No. Nobody talks to 10,000 people. What are you gonna do, spend five weeks calling the first 4,000 people? Send 2,500 text messages? CC 8,000 users on your annual Christmas Greeting e-mail? How the hell would you even begin to sort through that many contacts using a cell phone or a standard e-mail client? It's Google. This company serves the general public and doesn't have the resources to tailor its service to every asshole (or Executive) with unrealistic expectations. Next time somebody asks for more than 10,000 contacts they should just flip him the bird. That's very nice. I don't care who the user is, there's no way humanly possible any person can or will maintain individual contact with 10,000 people over the course of a year. Just trying to remember who half of the people were or when the last time you talked or what about would be ridiculous. It seems to me this is why there are (for example) sales tools which help track relationships and organize aggregate contact data into a manageable system. But come on. However much of a VC rockstar Brad Feld is, he's not e-mailing or calling 10,000 people. Like most people he'll add everyone he meets to his standard contacts list, but this is not scalable, and there's probably a couple thousand people sitting in the list that either he's never had correspondence with or hasn't for a year or more, making a follow-up unlikely. Of course I am generalizing and assuming based on my own experience with PIM systems. Instead of just adding people to a contact list and forgetting about it perhaps Brad should invest his time in a system which will provide more features tailored to the nature of his business contacts, and that way Google doesn't have to redesign its infrastructure to support 0.001% of users. That's all i'm saying. Maybe there's no way to get around this, but a flight from DCA to LAS on Aug 3 is $227 with Hipmunk, whereas on Spiritair.com I get as low as $195. With a promotion coupon (which almost always pop up about a month in advance) I could get between $19 and $50 off that. Is there some way Hipmunk can show reduced costs direct from airlines or incorporate promo coupons? I know some promos are "random" but Spirit has them every week for different destinations and dates. (I also notice Tripadvisor shows me one for $189 if I leave from BWA... does Hipmunk have a 'nearby airports' search option?) Haha, I don't know, it's always been easy to get a new IMEI. Go to one of those "cell phone support forums", advertise an unlocking service, ask for IMEI, receive in your email. With a little more work you could monetize it but botnets for CC#s are probably a lot easier, and 419's provide even more pay for the effort involved. But then again i'm not a kid in some 3rd world country looking for a quick buck so who knows, Android apps could be a really interesting proposition. Does nobody care that this makes the world-wide-web completely pointless from any perspective that isn't a web browser with JavaScript? I'm going to be royally pissed if I have to write from scratch an http library in C with JavaScript support just to make a friggin' scraper script or debug a website/webserver. If you want to be annoyingly fancy with the way you deliver content, just do it to user agents that support JavaScript . For any other user agent just provide the actual content we wanted! To do this, all you have to do is not use hash tags . The URI can remain the same and the application will work just fine (JS can still check the friggin query uri and do any Ajax trickery it wants). Sometimes I think webapp designers are just trying to piss hackers off. We'll ignore the fact that having to escape the bang is really annoying, considering the page is useless from the console anyway due to the aforementioned requirement of JavaScript. You mean, if every website in the world provided a standardized API that any HTTP-querying application would instantly deduce, understand and begin to process, rebuilding the page as is output to a user on a browser after constructing its markup after JavaScript parsing, would I be happy? Sure. But i'd rather not discuss ridiculous things which will never happen. I don't want an API interface to a web page. I want the web page. More specifically, I want the content; I could give a crap about markup if my application is not a web browser of some kind. There's probably a thousand different uses of applications that just get content from web pages and none of them try to deduce an API to call to get an idea of what a webpage's content was supposed to be. They just expect that, you know, when querying a webpage they're going to get the webpage, and not some cryptic scripting. I should not have to reverse engineer a webpage or read an API spec in order to wget it. This is ridiculous. A web developer walks into a bar. Bartender says, "why so glum?" Web developer says "my app's got some bug, the site's acting weird and I can't tell what's going wrong." Bartender says "so? that's nothing to be sad about! just view the source and-" "I can't", said the web developer, "my application's such a mess of random includes and calls it's hard to tell if it's a bug in the browser or my code or something else." Bartender says "so just ask someone else like a sysadmin or sysengineer to help debug it..." "Nope", says the web developer. "They don't know the code, and when they try to query the app it just returns a few lines of JavaScript. They can't see any error." "Hey, i'm just a bartender, but maybe if you optimized your application in a way that made it easier to troubleshoot you wouldn't be in this pickle." -- SEO consultant walks into a bar. Bartender asks, "what'll you have?" "I'll have a double of JB, neat." "Whoa! Woman troubles got you down?" "Nope. This damn application i'm trying to get more visibility for has no content for crawlers. It's all a mess of funky quirky browser optimization, but no content for people to search for. It's like the page doesn't exist!" "Whoa. I'll get you the bottle." -- A blind man walks into a bar. thud Bartender says "hey buddy, watch where you're goin'. What'sa matter, you drunk or something?" "Yep", the blind man says. "I can't use the internet anymore because everything's based on JavaScript and my screen readers and accessibility tools don't work, so I just drink instead of getting work done on the internet." "Join the club", says the bartender, and points to all the other people whose lives are now more annoying because somebody thought it was neat to use a hashbang and hide content behind JavaScript parsers instead of making the web easier to work with. (ok, i suck at writing. but you get my point) Um. You know Google is not the only free e-mail provider, right? Anonymity and privacy are like punk rock. People have been saying it's dead since its inception, but look around and you'll find it all over the place. Wait. What blew up that it took someone 20 hours to realize? The first thing you take from that is, don't do anything without double-checking your change to make sure it worked. In terms of rollback, just don't do anything which isn't reversible. Taking chances with your changes is taking chances with your business. If you don't know how to rollback whatever you're doing, ask someone who does (there is always a way to roll back or add redundancy). I agree except I don't think continuous deployment necessarily means automatic deployment. Every deploy should be done by a person and tested right after; none of this "push out all commits at X time" or "push as soon as it's committed" as both are risky. During the day is usually preferred and never at 4:59PM on a Friday or right before everyone goes to lunch (ever had to clean up a downed cluster when some jerk pushed bad code and the whole team went to Sweet Tomatoes? yeah). To help troubleshoot breaks, have a mailing list with changelogs showing who made a change, time/date, files touched. Also have your deploy tools mail it when there's a code push, rollback, server restart, etc. Have a simple tool someone can run to revert changes back to a time of day so if something breaks just "revert back to 6 hours ago" and debug while your old app is running (nice to take one broken box offline first to test on). If you're making a big change you first cut a CR and get approval of any teams involved. At change time, everyone knows they need to be on-call if something breaks, preferably in a live chatroom. The rest of the time devs should just deploy when they think the code is ready and have tested it on a like-production box . They then manually verify the change worked. You use automated monitoring to ensure when something does break you are notified immediately. I think i've heard that speech at four different conferences. Woz needs a new story. That, and the dependence on a stable data connection to initiate a call, and sometimes DTMF (dialpad) doesn't work with automated systems (reproducible, so i'm not crazy). To alleviate the slow messaging sometimes i'll use GV's SMS gateway which for some reason is faster than texting with the GV app itself. That never happened in the US. It was only the past couple years that S60 phones got introduced to AT&T and other US carriers as bundled with contracts. And nobody's going to pay $400+ for a phone they know nothing about. I always decried the fact that Nokia's phones were more advanced than the iPhone when it came out, but nobody gave a crap (they also didn't know it existed). Everyone (in the world) should just be less critical and stop thinking their shit doesn't smell. But as far as hipsters are concerned, I won't ever respect someone who trades their individuality for conformity. I'm going to risk sounding like a dunce here, but IIRC some frequencies are more prone to bouncing off glass - for example in metropolitan cities with lots of high-rise buildings. While this is a detriment in the city, it could also be acting as a "satellite dish" making it easier to collect stay signals while also directing most of the transmission upward. Considering the antenna is supposed to be at the bottom of the phone the effect should be more pronounced as more of the glass can be used to direct the signal. Am I crazy? Just skimming some sites, I found this one: http://www.squidoo.com/antenna-advice-and-information It points out that some antennas for PCBs are built at 1/4 wavelength (from 2.75 to 1.3 inches for GSM networks). Something to do with this combined with how waves are either reflected or refracted when hitting a surface like glass could explain how (depending on the angle of the glass and its length) you could see a portion of the signal actually directed upward or just in a different direction. Maybe combined with a flat metal table as a shoddy groundplane? Whatever is going on it's probably limited to the signal inside and above the glass, as going through non-tinted glass is (iirc) supposed to have a -3dB reduction in signal. More reading: http://setup-wireless.blogspot.com/2008/11/radio-frequency-b... http://docs.google.com/viewer?a=v&q=cache:FGiX56l9G3MJ:w... http://www.wifi-doc.com/Cisco.Press-802.11.Wireless.Ne/15870... (i really wish an RF/electrical engineer would comment!) However, I will suggest that his various missives, rants, and other statements contribute positively to the general fabric of discussion around software freedom and personal privacy. ESR stated in Revolution OS that RMS's 'wholesale attack' on (was it software patents or intellectual property? i don't remember now) was one of the reasons it was hard to convince businesses this wasn't just a hippie pipe dream. The OpenMoko runs all Free code, afaik, so the whole "being tracked by Big Brother" deal sounds like tinfoil hat syndrome. This particular rant only points out that most cellphones run on proprietary software. Why don't we just shout about anything that uses proprietary software like cars or industrial manufacturing equipment? We know it's proprietary, but comparing it all to a fascist regime isn't going to contribute positively to a discussion to make it more open. You can be tracked anywhere there's a communications infrastructure. It is required for things like law enforcement as well as being part of the protocols that run the network. Since basically every country on the planet does this, comparing it to a Stalinist order seems retarded, and I don't think it will ever change. Ok, this is a good point. The code encrypting/decrypting the GSM is not open, which means it'll eventually be cracked, and until then we have to just assume nobody else has figured it out. But does this have anything to do with being spied on? Other than the government decoding your GSM communications (which it can just ask Ma Bell to tap without a warrant and get away with, according to the W.Bush-era abuses) I don't see that particular un-free code helping in tracking or spying on you. correct me if im wrong, but iirc that second factor is a 4 digit number you pick at your first login. i have set up rsa auth systems. would it surprise anyone to know that sometimes vulnerabilities are purposefully included because its easier or allows you to keep some old insecure app working? securid is not some golden impermeable shield. it just helps stop a few attack vectors. More interesting to me: how many have been rejected? If anyone were curious about possible racism in funding (AND I'M NOT SAYING THERE IS AT ALL) that would be the metric i'd begin with. Favorite part: Praise Bob! It's actually a good alternative to regular physical activity. You can do it anywhere for any length of time and it will dramatically increase the load you can withstand at a given angle. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isometric_exercise "While dynamic exercises are slightly better than isometric exercises at enhancing the twitch force of a muscle, isometrics are significantly better than dynamic exercises at increasing maximal strength at the joint angle. Flexibility may be increased when isometrics are performed at joint range of motion extremes. These isometric contractions recruit muscle fibers that are often neglected in some dynamic exercises. For example, gymnasts are extremely strong at great ranges of motion through the practice of isometric holds." (see above comment) dynamic exercise is only more effective at increasing muscle twitch force. isometrics will be more effective at increasing strength at joint angle. for example, i could do more squats in a minute (up to 90) after i did isometric holds vs before. My Optimus V's android 2.2 browser opened it successfully I know it's kind of beside the point, but Facebook could have done some amazing stuff with hardware-hackable badges considering their budget. Defcon has multi-purpose modular badges, HOPE has RFID and multi-purpose, and even a party by an elitist hacker group has a badge which does multi-player video games. Surely a badge with wi-fi or bluetooth combined with a custom Facebook app would allow for all kinds of useful communication and location within a conference. Is this just too complicated? (On the booklet thing, most hacker cons have mobile con guides for browsing and offline mobile apps for use) Sort of. What i'm proposing is a combination of CHAP based on mutual secrets and the host IP and key checks SSH does, and after that PKI. (Though SSH doesn't record the IP address of the destination unless you explicitly use the IP, so the DNS address can still be spoofed) And they do. Any publicity is good publicity. What in the world does Enron have to do with a publicity stunt? They committed fraud and went bankrupt. How is that like shooting an elephant and putting it on youtube? And Lohan, she's still making movies. Where's the problem? A neat way to hide your SSH port, but not very practical (scanners will just wait a little while to see if the SSH banner gets pumped out). You want something that speaks HTTP so it'll get through transparent proxies of corporations and wifi paywalls, which would be proxytunnel combined with a server-side configuration of whatever your favorite http proxy/server is. Even if your corporate environment forces NTLMv2 proxy authentication, you can chain cntlm and proxytunnel to their proxy and still tunnel out, and nobody is the wiser. ( http://dag.wieers.com/howto/ssh-http-tunneling/ ) For some reason those always crap out on me while OzymanDNS (the first major implementation in perl by dan kaminski) works pretty much every time, though it's quite different in operation. To implement your own custom DNS server, use Net::DNS::Nameserver; # (and see ozymandns for implementation example) The whole source: http://pastebin.com/raw.php?i=mXVK93sY (edit: updated with 0.03) The first time I tried it was slashdotted so I pastebin'd. Thank you for your work! Every time I see a HN story about "how i made my site handle lots of traffic" it's people re-learning the same lessons. We really need a basics-of-building-big-webapps FAQ. Step 1: Make your site as static as possible, or at least relying as little as possible on server-side processing. Pretend your app is made of Java and thus assume it will hog memory, be slow and crash every other day, so plan to handle those kind of 'reliability' issues. Step 2: Get a CDN or a buncha cloud-hosted servers (like, 100). You may need 5-10 of them to serve static content using a caching web server solution ala Varnish (or just Apache proxying/caching; yes, it works fine), and 50-100 for application and database processing. Step 3: Make sure as little of your site as humanly possible makes use of database calls, and for gods sake try not to write too much. Step 4: Use a lightweight (I SAID LIGHTWEIGHT!) key/value memory store as a cache for database elements and other items you might normally [erroneously] get from disk or network or database. Step 5: Don't rely solely on 'cloud' resources. Eventually you will get bitten because they're not designed to scale infinitely and probably do not care about you (especially if you don't pay for them or pay very little). Step 6: (optional) Re-create this solution on a different hoster in a different datacenter on the opposite coast of your country. Not only will you end up with a DR site, you'll see load and latency improvements for many users. How to effectively and cheaply replicate content between datacenters cross-country is left as a lifetime career goal for the reader. Eh. You don't have to "route around" this currently, just use a DNS resolver outside of the country that re-introduces domains which get taken out by oppressive governments. Nobody wants to do this, though, as it would destroy the fabric of the internet as we know it or something. But a simpler method would just incur more government push back in an arms race around censorship. Do what the chinese [citizens] do: go covert. First of all, let's be clear: the root servers are owned and operated by various entities in countries all around the world. The root zone file is the sole domain of the Department of Commerce of the United States of America. So you'd have to ignore all of them, and i'm not completely sure the US Government wouldn't force Google to apply the one correct root zone file (after all, Google is such a powerhouse you could complain of a monopoly of internet control or influence). Potential legal issues aside, what you end up with is a New Internet. Of course routes all remain the same, but nobody refers to addresses or routes: they use host names. Thus you run a huge risk of networked applications just not working, which would affect everything from entertainment to commerce to government services and god knows what else (what if medical devices in hospitals needed to retrieve a firmware upgrade and couldn't connect to the right host?). In practice there would be no technical hurdle to do this. It's simple to just configure your domain name server to include some records, leave out some records and change others. Some people do this if their ISP redirects failed lookups to some advertising-laden homepage, for example. But on a large scale, the modification of the naming system to one's personal tastes has broad-reaching negative consequences related to availability of hosts and the functional and legal consequences therein. On a personal scale (modifying only your own name server results), you get to connect to your poker site again. I prefer the latter solution. If operating systems just started including a simple GUI to modify their personal domain name caches we probably wouldn't need an alternate dns root. What in the name of Albert Hoffman has the title got to do with the actual article? They talk about a couple scientists and a symposium on LSD. How is this a 'geek wonder drug'? CAFFEINE is the geek wonder drug. LSD probably contributes less than 5% of the world's drug-induced geek accomplishments. I'll just skip to the juicy bits: 1.1.2 Minimize Software to Minimize Vulnerability Really, NSA? So you enjoy tracking down broken package dependencies, installing software 5x a week as developers need it (thus slowing down their development time), and not having the tools to troubleshoot downed systems when they're down (and potentially without access to Yum)? Not to mention having to USE YUM, which is in itself not a fate i'd wish on anyone. If you actually audit and secure stupid stuff like excess running network services and setuid-root binaries you are left with one thing: usermode applications which cannot be used for any attacks. Thus it's not only annoying to not have software already on the box, it's stupid too. 2.1.1.1 Disk Partitioning Are you people really stuck in 1998? Are we really still making a separate partition for /boot? Look, guys. BIOSes could access disks past the 1024th sector like 10 years ago. And for christ's sake, nobody has ever been saved from having a 4GB /var/log partition and a 20GB / partition. The disk space is finite. If you run out, YOU'VE RUN OUT. Just make one bigass partition and IMPLEMENT DISK SPACE MONITORING and clean up your crappy logs before the disk runs out. If /var fills up you're fucked anyway, so might as well give it as much space as possible. 2.1.1.2 Boot Loader Configuration Oh my god, HOW could we possibly be secure without a password to BOOT OUR MACHINE. The damn disks and boot partition aren't even encrypted, guys! This is useless! If i'm at the machine trying to change the boot configuration i'm just gonna remove the hard drive or use a jump drive and get at the data myself! 2.2.1 Restrict Partition Mount Options OK, they redeem themselves here on the partition shit. I still think /tmp should be tmpfs or a swap partition, but whatever. Mounting user-writeable partitions with nodev,nosuid,noexec is actually a really effective and easy way to prevent payloads from being dropped and executed. Of course you can still just buffer overflow and have at whatever service you want, but it makes it much more annoying for attackers as they can't just download a payload to disk and run it. Of course this also means you can't scp scripts as a normal user and run them; you'd need to make a special account that can write to / or some other directory which can execute scripts, so you can copy admin tools/scripts there on the fly for maintenance etc. 2.3.5 Protect Physical Console Access Again, this is stupid. BIOS password? I'll just remove the CMOS battery. Boot loader password? I'll use a jump drive or remove the hard drive (or put in my own and boot to it, then access your disk). 2.5.3.1 Disable Support for IPv6 unless Needed Too lazy to use ip6tables, huh? Yeah you're right, we'll never need IPv6. 2.5.4.1 How TCP Wrapper Protects Services REALLY, NSA? Allow only specific IPs or hosts? Are we really talking about fucking TCP wrappers? If you rely on TCP wrappers you should probably be fired. 3.5.1 Disable OpenSSH Server if Possible ....how the hell am I supposed to maintain the system then? Use Rsh? Just hope that nothing ever goes wrong so I never have to log in to troubleshoot? Clearly somebody just decided to list every single commonly-available-at-install "security feature" found in modern Linux distros instead of showing how to implement security best practices and a structure of limited access control on available services (combined with robust configuration management). Yes this is all very nice for beginners, but if you're really trying to secure a machine you shouldn't be giving the task to a beginner. > The NSA have different priorities to you. I'm pretty sure the NSA still has to maintain their vast networks of computers. You don't need to be in a software shop to eventually require a new dependency. Networks of servers are hardly ever static. At some point you will need to deploy/upgrade/patch an application, troubleshoot an error or a network glitch, or support some added functionality. It is far less problematic to have the software available than deal with the potential fallout of problems of maintaining such a network and its access to installing software remotely. Also, clearly you have never read the source to yum or dealt with its myriad bugs and functional inconsistencies. Let me just tell you that indeed, yum is horrible, and I urge you to avoid it whenever possible. > It's better to keep /boot separate so that when you upgrade, say, your ext3 root filesystem to ext4, your bootloader will keep on working if the upgrade were to b0rk. What are you going to do with a system with only a /boot partition? Install busybox? If you want a new filesystem you should be kickstarting via PXE and reinstalling the whole thing, not upgrading in place. > Say the machine is in a cage in a rack. There is a BIOS password to prevent you changing the boot order and other settings. In this case a password for the boot loader could make sense. If you've got physical access to the machine in the cage you can do anything you want, which includes bypassing BIOS and Bootloader passwords in about 5 minutes. > The machine is in a cage in a rack. A locked cage. You've never noticed that the cages are easy to scale? If i'm going to attack the datacenter i'm going to have a fake badge and pick up the key at the front desk anyway. Trust me, most datacenters are not really that hard to get into. NSA datacenters on the other hand... > TCP wrappers can give application level warnings that iptables can't. No, iptables can give you the exact same warning tcpwrappers will, which is access control based on host or IP. There are lots of ways to replicate it with iptables. The more important thing to note is that it's fucking retarded to rely on host or IP level access control of a network service. It's somewhat useful in preventing mass brute-force network attempts, but you should also have iptables rules in place to stop that. > If possible. You could admin using a kvm if you wanted, but yeah disabling OpenSSH is kinda silly, restricting to a management subnet is better. A kvm won't transfer files for you and it's usually pretty hard to script 1,000 KVMs to run automated commands in 10 minutes. True. But it would be unfeasible to access 16,000 machines even if there was no bootloader password. The best course of action is try to identify the management/admin server and take over that, which may have unrestricted access to every server on the VLAN (or as sometimes happens, every single server period). (Also, what's your datacenter or machine profile that you can get 80 machines per rack and not hit overheading or overload your rack power circuits? We could only get 40 to be stable, but we were using commodity gear) You want a really secure system? Turn it off and unplug it, then lock it in a cave underground. With a really big lock. That's REALLY inconvenient, but REALLY secure. In real life you can't just choose security over convenience... it needs to be convenient enough for people to do their work, even if that means being potentially not as secure as possible. And really, this document doesn't go nearly far enough to really harden your average Linux machine... jesus christ they don't even mention what services will run under what roles, reduced capabilities, device ownership... it's a really bare minimum document. But that's not why I critiqued some sections. I critiqued them because some parts are, to me, just stupid. Like I mentioned twice , there is no potential for a security compromise from simply having excess "files" on a system. You have to actually have a security hole which can be taken advantage of by those files. What are the files in question? Well, all sorts... icons, manuals, libraries, executables, .... ah, there's where we might see some potential for a security hole (heh, realistically even the icon files could be, but that's out of scope). And how could an executable by itself be a security hole? Usually it's got some modified permissions which allow it to run as another user (commonly root). They should be designed to be secure against an attack but nothing is bug-free. So you know what you do? You remove those permissions. Suddenly it's just a normal executable with the same capabilities as any other executable on the system (of which there are many even on a minimal system). To accomplish this monstrously difficult task you can simply follow the rest of the NSA guide and it will secure these files for you. Hence, it was (imho) stupid for them to tell you to only install what you need, as their own guide removes any possibility that these excess files could do any damage to the system. On top of that, it's really annoying from the perspective of people who just want to get shit done. > I agree on yum. If the attacker has root and can run yum. It is too late. Having yum is not the problem, it just has really annoying bugs and limitations. > In regards to user mode applications: If you have wget, python, gcc on a php-only shared hosting server and your security depends of open_basedir (bad idea, don't do this) these usermode applications give you access to all data on the server. You're telling me if you're depending on an un-secure method of operation that it could be un-secure? > This is just plain wrong. If there is no disc-space left all kinds of strange error beginn to appear - e.g. your emails are not beeing delivered, apache fails with strange errors, users can't login. Imagine an attacker that wants to DoS you and he managed to fill your logs with excessive data. Having your logs partition fill up is not something that's supposed to happen anyway. This is what we have log rotators for. Some software fails to work entirely once logs can't be written. Bottom line: if your partition is filling up, you're screwed. Be proactive and put in place limits, log rotation, and disk alerts. > It is not. I can boot from my USB thumbdrive and my private toolbox is now part of of the network (I can hijack the MAC and IP-Adress of the computer in question, can do arp-spoofing. If they use an old version of nfs I can even gain access to all files on the nfs server, because older nfs versions trust the client. And I can doing this likely without beeing noticed. Spoofing network shit has nothing to do with physical security. > Again. I'm into GRUB and and I can edit the linux-boot entry and add init=/bin/bash and voila I'm root on the machine. Without having to open the computer. Yes. And it'll take me a whole 5 minutes (or less) to do the same thing with a bootloader password. Congratulations, you have been owned by security through obscurity. > IPv6 is still not largely deployed and it is a possible attack vector you can easily avoid unless you need it. I don't see a problem with this approach. Like I said. Learn ip6tables. You'll need it soon. > It is another onion-ring in your security scheme. You should only permit hosts that require connections with your system. It is part of a bigger picture not the whole strategy. Iptables does this already and does a much better job. > Why not? E.g. I managed to sniff/can have a look at your E-Mail and you are so stupid to send plaintext account data around (happens all the time). Without access to OpenSSH I can't easily login into your server. What the fuck are you talking about? Sniffing my e-mail? Look. OpenSSH is a pretty secure codebase. Lock it down more and use 2-factor and it's pretty goddamn reliable. And everybody needs remote access to their boxes, and this is as good a solution as anything else. Yes, I agree that combining many methods to secure a system makes it much more robust/secure in general. But you need to have more than just a guide to hardening a system. It takes a certain mindset and a particular idea of just how secure you want your system. Even following everything in this guide I could probably still own a variety of machines if they were maintained and used carelessly. I ridiculed the suggestions because it's the goddamn NSA. They should be able to come up with a better guide than this, and one which is realistic for both the individual at home and the large enterprise network admin. This shit looks like an infosec intern threw it together from other online hardening guides. And like I said originally, yes, it's a beginner's guide at the most, but it does a disservice to those that will use it and wave it as a flag to show they've hardened their machine. Now amateurish admins will tell their bosses "I just hardened our server according to the NSA's specifications!" and the boss will jump and clap with giddy moronic glee, because that's what bosses do. And they'll still get owned. First, there's no chance about it because you can't do anything with it once it's a normal executable. There's no "hoping" about it - remove special permissions and audit the whole FS and it can't be used for an attack (any more than any other binary on a minimal system could be). That being said, you do it to improve the efficiency of the system for the users and reduce time to troubleshoot issues. User data is stored on four different enterprise drives across two different physical servers. Nightly backups copies data over a dedicated 1Gbps link to a secondary data center. This kinda scares me. Is this a real backup going to removable storage stored in a secure backup facility? If it's being synced via a dedicated line, why is it nightly instead of continuous? And if those four drives are the only source for production user data, isn't it likely a storm of writes could cause a severe bottleneck? (assuming SCSI drives, ~200 ops * 4 = 800 ops total, or with SSDs, 2400 ops... will they ever write more than 2400 times a second?) Also, an extra layer (memcached) in front of mysql for caching requests could save them lots of nodes if reads are dragging down performance/requiring more nodes to spread read load. You mean, why would you want to know if a particular account or IP is attacking your customers/your business? They have the logs. They don't have it in a form which they can give to you, and they don't have an easy way to expose them to you. Imagine if every piece of data that involves their cloud service is accessed using a custom piece of code and spread across a multitude of locations all over their network, unsorted. Now they have to build an application which can consolidate a specific customer's logs and provide an interface for them to download it. It's certainly "doable", but it's also probably the very last feature they're thinking about implementing. > Skype's encryption has not been cracked I wouldn't be too sure about that. http://cryptolib.com/ciphers/skype/ http://techcrunch.com/2010/07/08/skypes-innermost-security-l... I never actually took the time to use it and I couldn't find any record of any details being revealed after 29c3, but it looks solid enough and one guy on a blog claimed to have written a python library using this C code and was able to get some PoC to work. Honestly i'm more interested to see how they draw in more minor labels and indies. Myspace could have been the biggest indie music promotion engine in the world (and in a way it kind of was), so when someone finally gets a popular service to link people up with local music in a way where they can find stuff they actually like, somebody's becoming a billionaire. I'd prefer it if 'voting' went away entirely. I think you should be able to flag a comment as being hateful or abusive but that's it. The point of this site should be to read interesting articles, not focusing on the interaction of its commenting users. In fact, i'd like it if you stopped displaying usernames too. Perhaps then people would actually consider all the comments instead of taking what one user says as gospel. Hint: you can just run Apache twice; once with a mpm_prefork config for your apps, once with a mpm_event config to handle client connections. Well, it does since apache 2.1 ('event' mpm module, replaces worker) I haven't read the Chronicle online but I imagine there isn't the same readership here. We can still flag or downvote based on abuse as long as everyone has to log into an account to comment. Thus you can ban accounts quickly, and the registration system can help identify duplicate or re-created accounts. Actually.... I think that would solve most of the problems here. Remove score count and author name from a comment and all you have are two factors people consider: what got voted up to the top, and how many sub-comments are there on the parent comment. People will still vote up based on those two things (and how the comment looks/sounds) but that'll happen regardless. > How about instead of trying to fruitlessly crack Skype, we spend the time making something that's both open and better? There's value in making an open client that works with the existing network (for example, Microsoft recently killed the Skype integration plug-in for Asterix). yeah, the author of the blog post said the stuff he has came from VEST. so it's basically a POC based on the code released 2 years ago. if you google it there's a blog post by some other random guy who made a python plugin and some POC code from that stuff too yes, that. What's really funny is that going after an official FBI site would have gotten less of a backlash from real hackers. Attacking Infragard is like slapping a bunch of hackers (white-hat and black) in the face, so they're going to be a lot more motivated to expose the perpetrators. It's all pretty silly. I like that this makes it easier to steal unreleased code, demos, etc by just enumerating all possible subdomains of localtunnel.com that are 4 alphanumeric characters long. Obscuring the URL from brute forcing would make it difficult to find random information site-wide (but using a hash is probably asking for trouble; just generate a long random string). However, if I knew a specific person were using this service (which, since this is a public website whose URL you share with one or more other people), I could find other ways to find it and then break the application or server behind the firewall and have access to a multitude of juicy information to steal. It's kind of like saying to an attacker: "hey, instead of attacking a random web server you could attack the developer's workstation!" Black hats like lulzsec, etc would have a ball. I recommend a simple username/password combo at the very least to prevent unauthorized access. The whole 'access-behind-the-firewall' concept still gives me the heebie jeebies though, and I think short of a VM on the developer's workstation I would be very afraid to use such a service. your non-webserver overhead is your non-webserver overhead. it'll be the same no matter what webserver you use, so it doesn't matter what the network is like. the whole point of micro-benchmarks is to show one single use case and which option comes out the fastest. now if you ever need to serve small static files really god damn fast you know which web server to use. part of why you use caching servers or proxies is to avoid hitting the filesystem, since it's very costly compared to memory (or even network to an extent). the ramdisk in this case is performing the function of the caching server but at much increased speed and much reduced overhead. afaik the only way you could get over a couple thousand RPS while reading from the filesystem is due to inherent caching of the VFS and disk buffers by the operating system. and in an asynchronous web server, connections should not be held up by slow clients. if they use a model where one thread or process handles each client connection you could definitely get starvation of resources or connections, but asynchronous models should just process stuff as it comes in and not "wait" on a slow client. the extra load incurred is the same across each test (same client, same args, same tuning) thus the extra load is the same across all tests, so the results are still valid, just not the highest performance possible. Uh. Would citing sources of information with pop-ups in the videos help? Perhaps links to online books or wikipedia articles (which I realize potentially creates a loop of false references, but whatever) Ok, so as the client processes more requests with the server the resource use increases, so in theory the higher the benchmark numbers the faster the server would actually respond without the extra load of the client. So (in theory) the server with the highest performance actually performs better than perceived (assuming that the tester is hitting resource bottlenecks somewhere on his server during the test, which isn't shown). Luckily this benchmark is incredibly simple. It's not a complex system as the test is using a single set of data with two pieces of software in a single contained environment; the only thing that changes is one piece of software and one configuration: the server. Separate the server/client and your test is still the same, only with extra resources for the server and client to take advantage of (and less network bandwidth and higher latency). Knowing how http clients work, and knowing how http servers work, is it possible that the client or server could be utilizing resources in such a different way after being separated as to skew the results in a significant way? I don't believe so. Even if you saturated a 1Gbps network link, you will see differences in CPU time between processing of requests and differences in memory use, and unless they are all fast enough to saturate that link you will see some servers process more requests than others. If you want to verify this you can follow the benchmark's set-up and try on two separate machines and let us know if there's a significant difference. Can you imagine if companies did this regularly? If people actually "listened" to what they're agreeing to when they use common software? They might actually look for alternative software. New idea: A table on Wikipedia of software and the rights you give up by using it, compared to Free software and the rights you retain. Could you please clarify why whole grain flour pasta would not have nutrients? Unless you meant white flour pasta. And here is how to make it from scratch: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whole_wheat_flour Grind whole wheat into flour with a coffee grinder: http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/1593906/make_lowcar... (you can also buy an expensive hand-crank version) Whole Wheat Pasta recipe: http://www.sugarlaws.com/whole-wheat-pasta I agree that companies need an easy way for people to report potential problems or risks. One company I was with had no idea it was a botnet C&C until months later somebody looked up our WHOIS and sent an abuse e-mail. Some non-hacking-related forums had known for a while. Citi has an internal web application pen-testing group. My guess is they were only ever attacking the outward facing apps and not the ones after successful authentication. Even if so, they may have hundreds of apps to test which constantly change, and sometimes attackers just get lucky and find a hole as soon as it pops up. Ah. The guys I knew at Citi had a small team but i'm not sure if they were direct hire or via contract, but they basically dealt with the low-hanging web-app-pentest-fruit. I don't work for a financial company but I work for one that works for/with them. Their code review is more like: "Hey, did you even test this code in QC? I can see a syntax error." I don't think anyone here actively looks for security problems during review. If it compiles and it's sat in dev/qc for a month (we just assume it's been tested), it's pushed out. I don't think anybody here would recognize XSS if it hit them in the face, and this particular bug ("allow any authenticated user to view any URI matching a given string") sounds suspiciously like a bad ACL rule in their identity/access management servers. Edit: and the web app would have to not be rejecting access by an invalid user. I can see a single line's test being formatted in a weird way and this getting missed when somebody committed it - after all, if it doesn't cause failure, is there a bug? Too bad it's not a funny one I'd like to make a request to all the posters on Hacker News, and the people that upvote them. STOP POSTING SHIT FROM REDDIT AND 4CHAN. THERE'S ENOUGH RETARDED MEME BULLSHIT ALL OVER THE INTERNET. WE DON'T NEED IT HERE. Thank you. Lulzsec is a bunch of psychotic kids playing with massive customer-driven online services the way a child plays with ants and a magnifying glass. And you want to give them government jobs? I have been using this all afternoon. Thank you. What attack have they performed that wasn't from an OWASP manual? Not counting using a botnet. It's 2011. Why are people still surprised when some blatant hole is found in a site? Does everyone just delude themselves into thinking "oh, they HAVE to be secure"? That old cliche 'nothing is totally secure' is almost right: the reality is, everything is mostly-not secure. Tips on never getting caught with your pants down by a 3rd party service: 1. Never ever rely on a service maintained by a 3rd party to remain secure. Just assume they will be compromised in the near future (including your password). 2. Make your password strong but don't reuse it; save it in your browser password cache or keyring. Use a memorized really-freaking-difficult master password for the browser cache/keyring. 3. Use NoScript and updated browsers to help prevent XSS and other simple attacks from compromising your cached cookies. 4. Encrypt all sensitive stored information yourself using a well-vetted tool such as gpg, openssl, etc and store the encrypted files on the 3rd party service. 5. Keep hard copies of your secure files, keys, etc in a secure location. 'The Cloud' is not a backup, it's a trap. If you're relying on a cloud-hosted startup to secure gold or the president, you're doing it very, very, very wrong. The level of complexity of an attack and the ridiculousness of a hole are almost completely arbitrary in terms of compromising the security of a service. The biggest attacks of the past 6 months were performed either using social engineered credentials or extremely common web application vulnerabilities (so common that probably every hole used is on OWASP's Top 10 security holes). The only reason Fort Knox or the Secret Service works is because it relies on humans spending 100% of their time actively focusing on security, 24 hours a day, every day. No web service I have ever heard of has that level of security. As far as this particular hole: it's probably a bug somebody left in some code by accident and nobody foresaw the consequences. There are bugs like this in every system. The only reason you don't see more of these holes is because either nobody's looking for them or somebody found it and is keeping it very secret. None of my linux keychain passwords are the same as my user password. The keychain password is much more difficult and I never re-enter it to get back into my machine (unlike the screensaver password prompt). A few programs I would like to see: * an automatic 'why-is-the-system-down' excuse generator plugged into procmail * suid-root 'system cleaner' (kills all processes but the user's own bash shell) * an ld_library hook (fix_all_errors.c ?) to force exit() to always return true * a vi plugin for Emacs * a program that forces the admin to type the entire 100-bottles-of-beer song before - logging in as root - editing sudoers - implementing NIS or RSH - starting any process with a listening tcp/udp socket as root when i said 'my linux keychains' i meant ssh-agent and firefox's password repository. neither can have their passwords changed without putting in the password again; the credentials are merely stored in memory. (so if you could get past the screensaver you could in theory extract the creds from memory, but i don't know of a tool to do this and doing it by hand could be time consuming) Oh, I misunderstood; I thought you meant anyone could change the keychain password once they logged into the box (which would be kind of dangerous) The FBI is not good at finding [good] computer hackers. They have to outsource or bring somebody in who actually knows what the hell they're doing. And those people are not necessarily very good at it. Some reflections: Culture - The "all engineering is organized by business function" is a business trick i've seen old dot-coms implement. When you have a business function that goes from making you money to costing you, just fire everyone in that business function and sell it off. You quickly get rid of what's dragging you down and continue your profitable business functions. However, this also creates duplication of some jobs, waste, and an insidious bureaucracy where teams are fighting each other. (I could have read that section wrong, but that's what it reminded me of) - Engineering Swaps: Really? You just uproot people so they have to re-learn how something else works and take time away from getting stuff done? Couldn't you just do a couple hour-long knowledge sharing sessions between developers? Random thoughts - Don't design too far ahead - doesn't fighting fires and coming up on sudden, unexpected deadline changes due to lack of foresight kind of drag on your employees? You can't keep overworked code monkeys forever. It's one thing to code "quick and dirty" to get a job done. It's another thing not to plan for the future. - Put end to end responsibility on a single engineer - so when that guy's on vacation nobody knows how to fix the thing he owns that broke? - Process - Doesn't say if you require change control, but some sort of change alert/control system is really useful to tell people when you're changing something which may affect others, so they can immediately see what could have affected the broken thing and call the person who could have broken it. You think Fortune 500 companies don't hire complete idiots too? They just have 5 extra people for every 1 developer to double check whether or not the developer did something stupid, test the site for obvious vulns, etc. ...why do you feel bad about HN just for exposing terrible security practice? Hopefully startups get shocked enough by it to tighten up their privacy policies. The thing I love to see is how badly 'process' is implemented. In theory you should be able to get everyone who's approval you need in one room at one time, take 10 minutes to explain your requirements and answer questions, then have them all rubber stamp whatever it is you need and get going with doing your work. In practice people do exactly the opposite, trying to add distance to slow down the process. I'm wondering if what we all need is a more human communication method to speed up resolution of problems and process. IDs are not that hard to fake really, once you know how to take them apart without destroying them. What's always amazed me more, though, is how your address is never actually physically verified. Ever. I can order a copy of my drivers license and change the address to "1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington, DC" and they'll ship it to me quick as can be. If you happen to find somebody who looks a lot like you (or you can modify your face to look like them) you can just get their social or drivers license # and order a copy to a different mailing address. The original owner is never notified. If you want to just make yourself a brand new ID under someone else's identity you can get a new driver's license under someone else's name. Bring two forms of ID (a birth certificate which you can order with a SSN or a faked certificate of US citizenship along with a faked insurance card), a faked telephone or utility bill, and a proof of social security number (a faked payroll statement and a faked insurance or IRS statement with name and SSN). Then make an appointment at the DMV and get a fully valid new government ID with your picture and someone else's name. That's something a terrorist could do without much trouble once they had someone to target. You don't even need Photoshop to fake those documents; just a Kinkos, MS Word, Paint and some scissors. Just get the guy's name and SSN (which thanks to LulzSec there are plenty of leaked to the internets) and go to town. Should take about a week, maybe two if the fake birth certificate takes a while to ship. You can also do without the birth certificate if you just order a copy of the person's drivers license. So yeah. The fact that the TSA doesn't check your ID past glancing at it and putting a mark on your ticket isn't that scary to me, since anyone who really wants to can get a valid ID which will pass all checks in a couple weeks. Florida and D.C. I believe there is some tiny print indicating a dup, and nobody ever looks at it in the real world. Neither send notice after changing the address on the license. There's no USPS address change required here, so no notification. Honestly, it's not hard to find somebody with a beard with kinda-close skin color, and go to a party store and buy some makeup. Again we're talking about somebody who just wants a quick fake and not, say, a terrorist or drug dealer who can pay for a really good counterfit. Why would they not already have an ID? You just get a reissue, or yes, go to the state next door and get a replacement (which may void out the other state's ID, but maybe you don't care if they find out after? I dunno). As long as you don't use the stolen identity for anything but travel I don't see how anybody would find out. Also, i'm preeeeeety sure they do make new IDs at the DMV so you don't have to wait for it to be mailed. I think I got one handed to me, but that was a while back. Anyway, just specify a different mailing address for them to mail it to ("i'm moving and i don't live there yet"). edit And seeing as Arizona will hand you one as below commenter says, i'm 85% sure Florida does too. Every 3.8 seconds someone has his or her identity stolen. This indicates to me that there is not enough deterrent. Perhaps there are even easier ways than what I outlined but I am not a criminal so I have no idea. Request: next time anyone writes about a sexist talk by a clueless startup rockstar, keep it to 5 paragraphs. I don't need to spend 20 minutes reading filler just to hear about Sriracha throwing and a slide of a guy's ex-girlfriend. Talk about first world problems. This guy is acting like his access to water was denied because he can't stream movies or use Dropbox. I lived without internet for a year. I was fine. Nobody shunned me from society and I didn't lose the ability to make money. For a while i'd walk over to Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts if I needed an hour of 'net access. When I had to do some interviews from home I went and got a month of Virgin Mobile 3g data for $40. I do believe everyone should have the right to use the internet, since as a communication tool it's more ubiquitous than the telephone and some things like government services require online registration (ex. vehicle inspection at the DMV where I live requires an online-only form). I also believe the poor should get free access, and maybe some day free 'loaned OLPC netbooks. However, he's going about explaining why being banned from the internet is wrong in entirely the wrong way. His defense is basically "I should have the right to be entertained and use free services that there are offline alternatives of!!" If I were an ISP i'd want to ban a guy who uploaded 3 copies of the same song and RAW images too. > Set MaxClients to 8. LOL what? what's your mpm? did you enable this to keep the backend from blowing up from too many queries? surely you can handle more than 8 connections at a time. is this the proxy layer, and if so are you using web caching on top of wordpress caching? if monit is restarting apache every time it can't connect (i hope you have a long timeout) you're denying service to a lot of people. connections are supposed to queue so they don't get dropped. Considering how most hackers build stuff at hackerspaces ("i don't know how to build this, so let's go with trial and error and learn as we go!") this sounds dangerous. But cool. Ah. It's kind of scary that private RSS of each process would be 25MB, but it's certainly possible. I assume you've disabled every module you don't need? If you have some free time try deploying your LAMP stack with Buildroot and uClibc. The application size ends up being around an order of magnitude smaller, but i've never bothered checking if private RSS on clunky apps like PHP or Perl is minimized at all. edit Also for prefork we used to have some scripts that would monitor processes to see if they 'went crazy' and wouldn't ever return, and reap those processes so Apache would fork a new one so we didn't have to restart the whole server. When you're under peak load and you restart a server and it sends all those clients to all your other servers which are already almost at their peak things get very nasty very quickly. I know you only have the one VPS here but for applications with many servers it can be handy. Wait a minute. All he needed was a guest account to access JSTOR? That's like saying, ANYONE IS ALLOWED TO DOWNLOAD FROM JSTOR. This isn't just bad security, this is no security. What are they gonna do when every govt/corporate website starts sanitizing its webapps' input and patching its network services? All they'll be able to do is DoS. Wouldn't it be funny if the FBI & associated agencies actually worked to increase the security of the nation's networks instead of acting surprised every time they get penetrated? No, sorry, that's bullshit. AntiSec is a movement against the computer security industry . They want everything to be insecure. And it's not a write-off... they literally have no skills. Only idiots would start a campaign like the one they have and continue to shift their ideology to support whatever bullshit deface they've done now. They pick whatever low hanging fruit has a .gov, .mil or corporate presence, or take requests from twitter and hit whoever seems the funniest. It's a joke. It's Lulz. No, I don't think it'll actually cause people to secure stuff more. Maybe if enough confidential customer information leaks the govt will finally pass another bullshit SOX-like law to try and improve things, and fail horribly. But it would be nice if it did. I have a bridge to sell you. i agree on the last two points. it's been fun, but at the end of the day the kids go to jail and the people in suits get bigger contracts. once i was on a panel answering questions about the roles of 'malware authors' and vendors of security products (reps from M$, symantec, mcafee, etc). i was in a ski mask representing malware. what i reminded them (and everyone in the audience) was that without me, they wouldn't have a job; they need malware, black hats, etc in order to have something to sell. and if it works too well, they wouldn't be able to sell new versions of it. funny. tl;dr "The NASA definition of comedy timing is the difference between the speed of light and the speed of sound over a distance of 3.7 miles. The speed of light is 186,000 miles per second (I knew that off the top of my head). The speed of sound is 1,116 feet per second (I had to look that up). With the two traveling over 3.7 miles that’s 17.505 seconds." Alternative Solution, with iptables and perl below. You send the magic string to any tcp port and it'll instantly kill all SSH logins and disable the root shell. Send the string again and the process is reversed. Caveat: if your syslog contains trigger entries more than a year old this will blow up. I also recommend you disable root logins and password authentication, but if you insist on enabling them, this may work for you. Modify as necessary. iptables -t raw -A PREROUTING -p tcp -m string --algo bm --string "_-()ThisIsAReallyLongAndComplicatedRandomStringToMatchOn()-_" --from 0 --to lengthofthelongstring -j LOG --log-prefix "29CharacterMaxTriggerString " #!/usr/bin/perl # sentinel - disable root based on a syslog trigger # Copyright (C) 2011 Peter Willis use strict; use POSIX qw(mktime); my $LOG = "/var/log/syslog"; my $LOCKED = 0; my $TRIGGER = "29CharacterMaxTriggerString"; my %M = ( "jan"=>0, "feb"=>1, "mar"=>2, "apr"=>3, "may"=>4, "jun"=>5, "jul"=>6, "aug"=>7, "sep"=>8, "oct"=>9, "nov"=>10, "dec"=>11 ); for ( ;; ) { sleep(1); open(F, " ) { select(undef, undef, undef, 0.001); #print STDERR "Reading \"$_\"\n"; if ( /^(\w+) (\d+) (\d+):(\d+):(\d+) \w+ kernel: $TRIGGER / ) { my $time = time(); my $stamp = mktime($5, $4, $3, $2, $M{lc $1}, (localtime($time))[5]); if ( $stamp > $^T ) { #print STDERR "Found Trigger\n"; trigger(); } else { #print STDERR "Error: found trigger but timestamp $stamp is before script begin time $^T\n"; } } } } close(F); } sub trigger { if ( $LOCKED ) { system("/usr/bin/chsh -s /bin/bash root"); $LOCKED=0; } else { my @procs = map { @_=split(/\s+/,$_); $_[1] } grep(/^root\s+.*sshd:/, `ps -aux 2>/dev/null`); #print STDERR "Killing processes: @procs\n"; kill(15, @procs); kill(9, @procs); system("/usr/bin/chsh -s /bin/false root"); $LOCKED=1; } } Dying is outside the scope of application. Please contact nearest heavenly body for ticket submission process. > They know exactly what they're doing. Oh yeah. A bunch of teens and really bored adults photoshopping pictures, posting gay furry anthropomorph fanfic and child porn must know EXACTLY what they're doing. This is the fucking streisand effect! This is the definition of it! They're trying to censor/cover up the original and make a big deal about it, so guess what's going to happen? More people will look for the original to see what it says. This is the worst Anon operation so far. Why did I (a boy) get into computers? I was a nerd and I had one friend and no social skills. I played no sports and did nothing but play with action figures and watch TV - until I found the computer. I never gave it up until I grew up, and now it's a job and sometimes a hobby (when i'm home long enough to play with it). Would you say it's more likely or less likely that an equal percentage of girls to boys would have similar experiences? Or would you say that girls might just have an easier time socializing and might be less prompted to lose themselves on the computer? Why do we even care about which sex works more in that field? If we had the answer to this question, and somebody decided to increase the population of women in the field... Is it going to produce better code or something? What's the point other than just playing with social structures for fun, or exercising some strange need to reach some kind of artificial equilibrium anywhere we see what we perceive as an imbalance? tl;dr there's not as many friendless geek women and who cares who's coding anyway Yep; the duality of words and their users. There's no way to "take back" a word if popular use dictates it's something else. It started as one thing, it ends as something very different. (ex. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fag http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gay http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skinhead ) I know many people who have campaigned to try to make the word into a positive, to "take it back", but the majority of people don't care what we do or why. The media shapes the conversation and the people have it without us. Does AirBnB have owner's/hoster's testimonials like CouchSurfing? It really goes a long way to show someone is trustworthy if they've stayed at 100 people's homes and everyone said nice things about them. The condescending thing happens to people in tech all the time regardless of their sex. I have done the same thing to men because I think i'm smarter then everyone and have a big ego. I'm sure there are a few really dumb people who condescend to women particularly, but trust me that it's a bigger problem that everyone does in our industry if they have an ego. As far as the blatant sexism in every job you work at, that does sound pretty bad. Level 1 techs are (imho) ridiculously crass and politically incorrect, imo because they get paid crap and have a stressful job and you're not going to find pillars of polite society in that kind of environment. In higher level positions I don't think i've ever personally seen an example of sexism directed at female co-workers, though i'm sure it must happen somewhere. In fact, heh, i've often seen politically-incorrect jokes and sexism amongst guys (because let's face it that's what guys do when they're together in a group) but they explicitly stop as soon as a female is around to prevent her from being made uncomfortable. Granted, it's bad that they're making those jokes whether or not a woman is around, but I think them choosing to censor themselves is a positive thing (because let's face it, there's no way to change the thought process of a sexist, but you can at least prevent them from speaking or acting out based on their thoughts). How is this a problem not faced by any other industry in the world? I have never seen evidence that shows that IT industry people are any more sexist than people in any other field. So someone goes to a conference and there was a slide with something inappropriate on it. That means one asshole was immature and unprofessional enough to publicly shoot himself in the foot. It doesn't mean there are aren't plenty of other sexist people in other careers though. They're just smart enough not to be sexist in the middle of their speech. The conversation is getting posed like there's this tidal wave of sexism just barreling over the horizon with the word "COMPUTER GEEK" on it. Like in every company there's a huge conspiracy of evil sexist men plotting to objectify and terrorize the lone geek girl who happens to wander into their cube. I'm not saying there are no sexist people in the industry. However, I do think that the level at which the fingers are pointed and this is echoed through the tech blogs is out of proportion with the actual rate of offense. The end result is every man in IT gets a reputation for being sexist because "it's just rampant in that industry." Well I don't believe it. I don't have figures, or examples, or any way to prove how sexist our industry may be. But neither does anyone else. So before you go around saying "the tech industry is sexist", please consider the harm by association to those of us who are not sexist. You may have seen tons of sexist behavior in your career - I have not. No one person's experience defines an industry. Also, if there is indeed some secret cult of disgusting pig men in the industry, let's deal with it like fucking adults, OK? First of all we can have the modern-day equivalent of sensitivity training. Have a frank discussion with your teammates about what is and isn't appropriate behavior for the workplace. Remind them that even if there's no women around, you still can't go objectifying or making jokes about them, just like you wouldn't do the same to people about race or religion or sexual orientation. Have your team agree that whenever someone says something sexist by accident that someone will say something to the guy and remind him that's not appropriate behavior and ask him to apologize. If he doesn't, inform his manager. Pretty simple - this is called holding someone accountable for their actions . This next part is important, too: don't let women be sexist either. Towards their own sex or others. I know women who will gladly joke around with the guys and make misogynist comments because to them it's funny. Well, this is only reinforcing in the guys that it's OK to make those comments. Stop them and make them apologize too so we can stop this behavior from perpetuating. In terms of how people perceive "the industry" as sexist, why do you think it happens that in very public places people say very stupid sexist things? My impression is that our industry is not very professional - especially the startup community. There's a very romantic idea that you should just wander into work with shorts, a t-shirt and sandals, living some bohemian genius programmer lifestyle with cubes that look more like playgrounds than work spaces. That's very nice. It also sets up the environment to be one where non-appropriate behavior can easily thrive. At the last company I worked at it began as a startup and grew into a big company. The attitude of many, many of the employees was still more of joking around than getting work done. It was really annoying, frankly, and I definitely heard a sexist comment or two when women were not around (except for the call center people; they were animals). Fast forward to a more business casual financial IT company and things are a lot different. I've never met a bunch of nicer, non-sexist guys. My theory is it's because the work environment is just relaxed enough that business is on people's minds and acting like a sexist buffoon would not even occur to them. A slightly less educated theory is because we have a very diverse mix of cultural backgrounds (probably 40% indian, 10% asian, 10% russian, the rest a mix of a bunch of other backgrounds) where the typical white american male culture might be more quick to be openly sexist. If people don't want to be harmed by association, then they should take an actively anti-sexist stance, and push for that within the industry. You're saying I have to become an outspoken feminist for people to not call me sexist. Not only is that unfair (saying I have to become a part of your movement just so i'm not falsely accused myself, tantamount to blackmail) it's unrealistic. People don't generally win fighting for causes they do not represent. When people want rights or to be treated fairly they have to stand up and demand it because nobody is going to just hand it to them. If there really is rampant sexism in the IT industry, women need to organize and force the system to change. Blog posts will not do anything. * > A boss will assume they have no real talent, for some reason. While a guy who shows any ability will often be seen as a genius. People just don't assume that girls are hardcore hackers, while they assume that any guy who talks the talk (and wears are really bad t-shirt) is.* IMHO, promotion is rarely done based on merit. Welcome to corporate life. (Also, you have to actually show your boss you are a hardcore hacker. My boss will assume I have no talent too unless I demonstrate it) I'm sorry my post was too long to read, but I specifically mentioned speaking up several times. Pushing for change within the industry is different than just speaking up when an asshat makes a sexist comment. Every Android phone on 3 carriers I have used has random crashes and initially laughable battery life. If the only option you have is "carrier crapware", guess what? It sucks. And i'm never paying $500+ for an unlocked phone (I would buy something that is actually functionally useful like a Sony Ericsson) I suppose it depends on your definition of "simplicity". My go-to simplified data storage container is Berkeley DB. (Little did I realize Oracle recently shipped a Berkeley DB with SQLite inside it... heh) So my friend is driving his big rig, probably been driving for about 5 days. Tooling down the highway in his lane during the day. Suddenly a car cuts right in front of him and he can tell the car is going to hit him. Split second decision time: A) Attempt to slam on the brakes and watch as 40 tons plows into the car. The truck will sustain minor damage and the car will sustain heavy damage, possibly killing all the people inside. Assuming the truck doesn't jackknife. B) Swerve onto the shoulder and possibly off into a ditch, saving the car and possibly killing himself, and possibly others if the truck jackknifes and other cars hit it. I know a lot of people have no sympathy for truckers, but take the time and actually talk to one. They put up with untold amounts of bullshit just to make a living. It's not a bad job for someone who might be too unskilled to get another job, but it sure is grueling. Another thing I find some people tell me is how every time they drive next to a truck they almost get run off the road. Truckers actually try really hard not to kill you. The easiest thing you can do for a trucker is not drive next to one . Either pass him or sit behind him, but not next to him. And if you see one with his blinker on, please, get the hell out of the way. With a few minor changes this would be an awesome wearable computer. Android touchscreen phones are just too impractical to me. (For those who would rage and say how great touchscreen phones are, go pick up a 15EUR candybar phone and text someone with T9, then text someone with a touchscreen-only android phone) Ditch the Ethernet, add Wifi, GPS and a mic jack (and maybe a riser for a GSM/GPRS board?) and I would throw away my Android phone. A little eye-mounted analog HUD and an earpiece with attached mic would be all I need, and speech to text could do simple commands and transcription for me with maybe a micro-querty keyboard I could unclip and type on when necessary. Call me crazy but I think it would be cheaper than a phone and extremely practical for hands-off interaction. Plus, plug it into a monitor and keyboard and use it as a PC. TI, CSR, Broadcom, etc have tiny chips which provide multiple rf technologies (wifi, gps, bluetooth, fm radio) in one. I don't know prices, but if the total for a prototype was pushed up to $75 it would still be much cheaper than other alternatives and still within range to replace my phone. Looks more like a general statement than advice. Most users would tie their dick in a knot if the browser let them. Tell people to use NoScript, at the very least for the XSS countermeasures. Regardless of your decision, I would ask that you find a polite way to inform this candidate what you think of his personality. Even if you don't accept him it will help him learn to control his abrasiveness so he will have less difficulty trying to find work. That said, if you're already having doubts it's probably not meant to be. If he were just working from home or something it wouldn't be much of an issue, but people who work together daily need to not hate each other =) it is so unusual like greater than sign in all programming languages is " ....but that's a... less.... oh nevermind Au contraire, shell script in a (real) POSIX environment is one of the most portable things... It's interpreted and there's always some kind of shell on any Unix system, unlike other interpreted languages. That's why lots of 3rd party vendors use shell scripts to package their setup tools. Yes the tools behave differently on different systems, but 99.9% of the time there's very basic syntax that is respected across all versions of the tools. Stick to BSD4.4 C Shell syntax ( http://docs.freebsd.org/44doc/usd/04.csh/paper.html ), don't rely on regular expressions in grep, and stick to the very basics of sed and awk and you can go pretty far in Unix. Any of the following commands which existed on some archaic version of Unix will still exist and their limited but useful functionality can be extended in lots of ways, and is pretty darn portable. https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/List_of_Unix_... Next on CNN: Food: Why you probably don't need it Exercise: Less of it could mean more healthcare jobs Transportation: Could rising oil prices make it impossible to go anywhere? Safety: Could banning non-Christians from entering the country make us safer? 9/11: What about the bright side? Culture: Is Lil Wayne the music genius of the decade? Is it just me? Or does reading articles written about articles written about infighting at a blog just.... not seem interesting at all? I know a way to use another mobile carrier's data network without paying for any service at all. I thought about making a mobile app to exploit it, but I know they'd probably just close the hole in a couple weeks. It would make a good first attempt at an Android app, though... I would like to read this, but unfortunately there's a database involved in serving the pages. Remember, kids: text and images were served happily on the 'net long before MySQL existed. They make it that annoying so you'll pay for a premium account that removes all the annoying crap (and improves speed, removes download caps). And anyway, they provide a valuable service: illegal file sharing using only Google and HTTP. I've long since abandoned networks like gnutella, edonkey, bittorrent, etc in favor of a good blog search engine and file-downloading sites. Similarly there's hundreds of streaming video sites to watch TV series on without the need to download. I can ignore an ad here or there for the convenience of pirating media from any web browser in the world. Bandwidth costs money. Hosting costs money. They can't just let hundreds of thousands of people download gigabytes at a time at >5Mbps for free. Peer to peer networks don't have huge resource drains on anything but the bandwidth of ISPs. If they have a LUG and a Perl Mongers meeting listed somewhere in their resume, i'd say they're a lot more interested in Linux and Perl than the average schmo that just wants a paycheck. The report says this vulnerability is specific to remote network shares and WebDAV. All you have to do is send someone a link to a .txt file on a WebDAV site with a .dll in the same directory, I guess, and they'll be owned... That is pretty awesome. (As was commented on below, this is identical to an LD_LIBRARY_PATH type exploit on Linux; here is Microsoft's fix as well as an explanation of how it works http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2264107 ) Edit: I realize now literally any URL could be a WebDAV site with a text/plain mime type and an exploit DLL in the same dir. So really, every single URL you hit with IE is potentially vulnerable. Have a nice day. Eh... bad advice in general, but awesome advice for the case he's using it in. Like he says in the post: Don't set these values for hosts that you actually care about. Another MitM attack using the browser's inability to force you to only use SSL for a given domain. We need a function in our browsers to specify domain XYZ only should use SSL. I know it sounds ghetto, but I would love to force domains matching "ssl.* . *" in my browser to only work with strong SSL on port 443 and nothing else (by default). I know, why not just use https:// ? But it's hard to train users to act a different way and understand what's going on under the hood when they leave out a single letter in the protocol prefix. Just giving them a new address which they type in verbatim anyway seems like an easier fix. Plus, you disable all unencrypted connections for that domain and you don't need to worry about complex attacks like the current one and previous ones. This vulnerability works by injecting HTML and JS purporting to be from a plaintext version of the site being attacked. In other words, the browser has to accept non-SSL pages from the domain. If your browser just threw away all unencrypted requests for the domain this would never work. Neither would sslstrip or a handful of other tools; the improper handling of SSL certs would have an impact, however. I could have read that draft wrong but it looks like it depends on headers from the victim site to determine if all traffic should be encrypted. MitM would defeat this. Unix software was created by developers, mainly for developers. They honestly don't care if it's hard to set up. I'm not justifying it, i'm just explaining it. Operating Systems make all of this much simpler by setting it up for you. Try to use only what they give you and you will go a lot farther with less effort. Buck the system and you're in for a world of hurt. There's a better way to go about it. It's called: PAY FOR YOUR SOFTWARE . Then you might get support too. You want it for free, you bet your ass it's going to be painful to use. By the way, I don't know who this Ryan Dahl guy is, but it strikes me as very naive to consider that groking the entire inner-workings of the complete organization of an operating system - from the development tools to make it to the execution and use of its applications - should somehow be simple for anyone. I wonder if he'd bitch that the kernel is hard to modify without affecting another component, or that different versions of software may not have been written to be completely backwards compatible with one another? This is the real world. This shit is complicated because it evolved that way. It's almost infinitely flexible and powerful and gives you everything you need to do what you have to do - and you complain that it's complex? Grow up. Technically the "residence" that Project Byzantium is being built at is HacDC ( http://www.hacdc.org/ ), your friendly neighborhood hackerspace. Alpha should be ready by October 16th. If you'd like to volunteer your time or skills just jump on the mailing list at http://hacdc.org/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/byzantium (personally i'd like to see mesh networking become a simple cross-platform desktop application which handles all the heavy lifting of routing and connecting ad-hoc clients, but that's more difficult than tying together some open source software on Linux) Oh look. And old operating system idealist is agreeing with a newbie that everything's not the perfect way they want it. I don't care. Learn to use what you have or get something else and stop fucking complaining . The End. Here's some slightly crap code derived from all that. It just generates one second of a 2600hz tone: http://pastebin.com/e63AMaEC First thing I thought: holy shit, if we did this kind of stuff for those living below the poverty line, they would have enough resources to pick themselves up and get new jobs (after showers, job interview supplies, counseling, etc etc). At the very least the 22% of American children living in poverty would have a meal and clean clothes. Second thought: if this was Orlando most of the donators would be arrested. Third thought: This is the perfect time to backpack up to New York and have a week-long vacation for super cheap. Swing a protest sign for long enough to get a free meal, then move on to sightseeing. Actually I mentioned "people living below the poverty line", not homeless. People living below the poverty line are certainly employable, they just make the worst money possible. Give them food or clothes and maybe they can make their rent payment this month. My comment was directed at people living below the poverty line, not homeless specifically. There are people who have a kind of sort of home (or live with relatives, or have the luxury of choosing between eating and having a roof over their heads) but giving them support can help them get through their situation without resorting to moving into a shelter or waiting in line at a soup kitchen. Maybe it is nice to be homeless in NYC. It ain't in the rest of the country, and people need help everywhere. Isn't "secure PHP" an oxymoron? You're saying that coding in PHP, with all the myriad security holes found in PHP's implementation over the years, for which hacks have been added to disable PHP's functionality as "security hardening", is just as secure as an application which when written in a different language doesn't need its functionality removed to be secure? What planet are you from? This kind of chicanery isn't as much news to me as the 24 people who were arrested at CitiBank for trying to close their bank accounts. When asked to leave and refusing, they were locked inside the CitiBank until police could arrest them for not leaving . What's really fucked up (to me) is the hacktivism in this case actually worked because I got to find out about something important like the combination of abuse of power and the potentially illegal actions of a bank in the treatment of its customers. http://www.addictinginfo.org/2011/10/15/occupy-wall-street-p... http://gothamist.com/2011/10/15/reports_at_least_20_occupy_w... Chase bank, by the way, allowed its customers to close their accounts without arresting them. "The Police asked the branch staff to close the branch until the protesters could be removed." The police asked (not forced, compelled or told) them to "close the branch" and the bank complied by locking them inside. It's still fucked up to me. Are we fucked more than ever? Possibly. Are we capable of fixing this mess if we could stop bickering about the superficial details and get down to practical solutions? Yes. Will that happen? Not until we really hit rock bottom as a nation. At some point politicians will collectively be spending as much on political campaigns as we spend on funding our military. Ads for the superbowl will become a new holy festival (a la Yom Kippur) on a national secular level. Bodies of the dead who freeze outside (due to lack of room in shelters for the growing number of poor) in the new conservative-compatible modified global climate will be carted off in wheel barrows to neighborhood dump sites which eventually get taken to and burned in mass graves in New Jersey. Nobody notices the smell there. Even though things are bad now, my feeling is the people of this nation will take a lot more punishment before pushing back and saying "NO MORE." It takes a bus full of kids getting hit by some asshole speeding to work for a stop sign to get installed. But I think we as a nation will need a much larger car to slam into us to make us finally put some national stop signs in place. I mean, shit, this is the first time in American history that we've had an economic collapse and no new regulation has resulted. The politicians on the right are demanding less regulation. People are so apathetic about preventing this in the future that they're allowing politicians to make it worse. I don't know about you but i'm stocking up on canned food. Watch the video. The people behind glass are inside a large man-trap at the entrance of the bank and can't exit the doors. I'm sure if there was a fire they could reopen the doors. Yeah, it's pretty amazing what it does for your long distance transfers. Also a reminder that (while insecure) arcfour is ridiculously faster than the default cipher. Seems to me you could just patch the library that handles the secure renegotiation for an option to keep stats on reneg per client so you can put a threshold for reneg handshakes per X time. Any more than 100 renegotiated handshakes in 10 minutes sounds excessive to me (but i'm not sure how often they're used in the real world) There's a lot more positive benefit to staying in school than dropping out. For one thing, making money is something you'll do for the rest of your life (unless you're the kind of fiscally-responsible freak that can save enough to retire by 30). You have all the time in the world to start a company or join one. But right now, while you're young and have the time and resources available, you're at the best possible position to acquire the experiences and knowledge you'll need for the rest of your life . Yes there's debt; you'll pay it off. Yes it's tiring; you'll get used to it. Is it easy to drop out? Yes. Can you make money (assuming you're smart enough and have learned enough to get a job now)? Yes. Does it make sense to cripple yourself for the future just to get a couple years ahead of your peers? Hell no. Do whatever you have to do to finish school and try hard to enjoy yourself while you're there. Life isn't going anywhere that you need to drop out to get there. A couple of points if I may: 1. If you speak at conferences, especially about a non-technical subject like "women in FOSS projects" (which is more likely to get sexists riled up), you are going to get unwanted attention. Pretty much every speaker who speaks on a controversial, or non-technical, or just media-glamorized topic is going to get harassed - if not hacked. It happens all the time to men and i'm sure it happens to women. 2. She started a "geek feminist" website, so that didn't help in terms of getting some sexist asshole's attention. It's like starting a "geek black people" website and not expecting white supremacists to send hate mail. I'm not saying it's justified, only that you have to expect the assholes out there will come out of the woodwork to give you shit. 3. I need to do something that feels rewarding and fun, and the work I was doing - which involved lots of speaking at conferences wasn’t giving me that any more. - So stop speaking at conferences? The tech industry has more going for it than giving talks. 4. If the guy isn't posing a physical threat, suck it up and ignore it . Do you know how many people troll me every week? A lot. But I make myself a target - just like being bullied in school - and thus I need to defend myself or move on. 5. Stop trying to 'get more women in technology'. Why is this seen as a serious problem that needs fixing? Go ahead and work to reduce sexism, I think that's necessary because the internet tends to reduce everything to childish unprofessional behavior. But nobody's code is going to get better just because there's more females working on it. Instead, focus on improving the tech industry as a whole instead of one little facet of it (like the distribution of gender). I'm sorry if I sound unsympathetic. I do sympathize. A friend of mine stopped working in the underground infosec community because he was putting out a magazine and people were sending him hate mail. I understand he didn't want to get shit, but he had to expect haters - it's the fucking internet. It costs about three times less money to build it yourself, by the way. Buy the hardware, install BackTrack, and Go. Well I made several points. If you want a TL;DR then it's "i'm sorry women get harassed sometimes, but this case is not the norm because she was much more of a target than most women in tech" ....I don't know how to fix the problem. Will empathizing more fix it? If so, i'll empathize like crazy. But I seriously doubt it will create change. Instead I try to point out what I see as some of the contributing factors to the problem in this particular case. I'm sorry I can't fix sexism, and i'm sorry i'm not being humbling and emotive enough to express that I find sexism wrong. But I don't agree that I am illustrative of the problem. First of all, I never blamed her. In my first point I note how people who give talks are subject to attack because they draw attention to themselves. I note how there are men (men who I know personally) who have been attacked as a result. I posit that this kind of behavior is not solely due to sexism. In my second point I equate running a geek feminist website with running any website wherein people who hate the idea of the website will send hate mail. I posit that one should expect that people who hate you will send you hate mail. In my third point I am noting that you don't have to quit the whole tech industry because giving talks is not the only thing in the tech industry. My fourth point is the closest to 'blame' that I get. There's no sugar-coating it, i'm being heartless and cold here. But I don't blame her for not wanting to deal with assholes all day. I suggest that she learn to deal with these people rather than run away from them, but I guess that's not something a lot of people will accept. My fifth point isn't even related to her really. I just find it super annoying when people try to speculate about something based on anecdotal evidence ("Because of the small sample, there is a larger chance that it may be true but unreliable due to cherry-picked or otherwise unrepresentative of typical cases.") Second, empathy alone will not fix it. You can not "win" against sexism by simply wishing it would go away or agreeing that it's completely unfair and unwarranted. Racism didn't completely stop in America, ever, and it only got a little better after people fought and bled to be treated as equals. They had to get right in their attackers' faces and say, Fuck You, I'm Not Leaving. Same for women's suffrage. Empathizing alone doesn't fix anything but your own conscience. You want to stop sexism in tech? Make it stop. Also, before you point the finger at me and tell me I should be the first person to fight their battles, keep in mind that nobody ever won freedom from persecution until they themselves stood up to defend themselves. Also, I don't need to have experienced harassment personally to have an opinion about it. I'm not black but I think it's really fucked up that black people get treated far worse than I do because i'm white. Amazingly enough, even though I find racism absolutely repugnant, I don't believe every black person who gets fucked with is purely because of racism. I also don't believe every single woman who is fucked with is just because of sexism. I can't believe I just wrote all that because of a troll. I say sexism is fucked up, and this guy blames me for sexism in the tech industry. Oh well. I should have just ignored you from the beginning. I agree that it's a cold statement to make. But there's very few options for dealing with harassment, no matter you are in what walk of life. You can either A) ignore it, B) run away from it, or C) confront it. I suggest option A because to me that's the easiest thing to do in this case. I did say that people should suck it up. I was referring to ignoring the treatment (online) as a better form of dealing with it than running away. But at the same time that confronting the attackers would be a more proactive effort. Not to stop harping on it. I specifically said women should mobilize and work proactively to prevent sexism in the industry, which is far from 'stop harping on it'. But thanks for cherry picking two things I said, displaying them out of context and inserting your own agenda. See here ( http://hackerne.ws/item?id=3164269 ) on why i'm not victim-blaming. I am not trying to imply anything. I'm simply pointing out what potentially motivates sexist assholes. I only advocate a "grin and bear it" attitude when it comes to getting trolled on the internet in relation to publishing material you know some people will disagree with greatly. You can not wipe out sexists completely just like you can't wipe out racists and religious extremists. These people will always exist. I AM NOT SAYING YOU HAVE TO TOLERATE IT. I am saying, expect it , don't sit there with your head in the sand pretending they don't exist. I'll say it again for dramatic effect: I AM NOT ADVOCATING PRETENDING SEXISM DOESN'T EXIST, I AM ADVOCATING PEOPLE USE COMMON SENSE AND EXPECT EXTREMIST ASSHOLES TO ACT LIKE EXTREMIST ASSHOLES, THEN DEAL WITH THEM ACCORDINGLY ...I don't really care to understand. What little i've read on feminism leads me to think that modern feminism is a passe joke. My guess is modern feminism doesn't connect well enough with the average woman who doesn't complain when the boss grabs her ass or passes her up for the unqualified white male in the boys' club. They need a new strategy and better marketing. Most of all they need solidarity. And maybe a less antagonistic approach to equality, like "human equality" instead of "women's equality." But everybody just defends their own kind I guess. Yeah, it's pretty hard to have a dialogue about this stuff without it devolving into a bitter quarrel. I agree that we need practical solutions and a plan of action to give to people. The first thing we need is to open up lines of dialogue. What is sexist and what isn't? How can guys act or what can they do to improve working conditions? Are there ways we can work with employers to get them to make changes that foster more cooperation and less divisiveness? You could get a kind of town hall discussion going to get more ideas. I do think you have to work with the sexists to help them change. It's not going to be a night and day thing... I imagine most people who are sexist find nothing wrong with the way they behave. So part of it may be not demanding they follow a strict moral code, but just tone it down at first. Work with the most extreme cases and get more widespread community support to show that kind of stuff (like putting tits in a presentation) is unacceptable. Probably getting a lot more men to speak out will help. Then you can work it the way you would any other PR job. Make some kind of bumper sticker that (in a way that isn't too pretentious or annoying) says you agree all people should be treated fairly and equally, including specifically women. Some kind of logo that represents treating people nice and not making negative jokes, or considering all possible options instead of only helping your friends. Maybe some slogans. I was never good with advertising and my marketing skills are weak, so i'll leave all that up to the professionals. But the idea is, get the companies to put this stuff up around the office and lead by example so it's much less acceptable within a group to act out. You could even get different events to officially endorse some effort to end unfair treatment of all people in the tech industry. This is more important to me as it would mean getting people to look past things like nationality/race (don't just give the indians the cheap jobs), gender (the transsexual person is just as good at being a manager as anybody), etc. I think everybody can get behind this and it can specifically underscore the unfair treatment of women. Going back to the sexist thing, i'd like to see some public humiliations by the community at large of anyone who does something really stupid against women. You get the whole community to speak out against specific cases of sexism and I think it'll hit home more for the other sexists as a kind of warning to keep those thoughts and feelings to themselves. It may not solve anonymous hate e-mails but it should definitely help tone down sexism in the workplace. I'm sure there's lots of other aspects i'm not thinking of. I hope people reply and add more ideas. My response to the victim-blaming part is here ( http://hackerne.ws/item?id=3164269 ) and here ( http://hackerne.ws/item?id=3165026 ). That there is such a difference points out that there is a problem. No, it points out that there is a difference. There's thousands of differences between men and women. This one happens to be about employment in engineering jobs. You could claim it's just because of sexism, but it would be nice to have proof that it's that and not (for example) that there's just not as much interest from women in engineering jobs. I have no idea why you brought up combat, though, as I never mentioned it... On your point #2, it wouldn't surprise me if they dropped out because of a number of factors and the bulk of them just happened to be the same cultural and sexual differences which make men and women different in general. But it would be really nice to have real evidence of something rather than wildly speculate. On point #3, the current generation is in love with the idea of nerds and geeks. They're sexy and intelligent, according to pretty much every person on OkCupid.com (I think they actually have infographs on that too...). However, I can tell you definitely that being a geek was highly uncool when I grew up. It's the only reason I got into computers - I had no social life and computers were an escape. I'm not an engineer so I don't know what that's like. I could speculate (again) and say that based on my female friends who are geeks, not one of them is the stereotypical bubblegum hottie cheerleader type. Why? Beats the hell outta me. If we could solve that maybe we could get Paris Hilton to take up nuclear physics and little girls would grow up with a positive role model instead of what they have now, which is largely pretty drunken sluts on TV and tabloids. What are the risks of a password attack? * Someone can watch you type in the password * Someone can receive/sniff/keylog you typing in the password * Someone can find the password database and crack it * You might tell the wrong person the password * If you wrote the password down, someone might find it * More i'm not thinking of (probably) There is some kind of attack that will work to get your password, I guarantee it. So stop obsessing over it. Just make one difficult password, keep it for a long time (as suggested in the article) and make use of a second authentication factor. Use a keyfob from PayPal or Verisign combined with OpenID ($5-$40; there are other cheap keyfobs out there too). Soft keyfobs are free and (while not impenetrable) present a new mandatory additional attack vector that increases complexity. It's less secure, but you can also use an SMS-based system for another free and cross-platform alternative. We all carry keys. I use a key to get into my house, my car, my business. Keys aren't dead. A memory stick is certainly not secure, but one with the right smart card is relatively secure. Yes, but most authentication mechanisms I know of don't deal with phishing. There's probably some challenge-response authentication system you could use, like... a browser plug-in that talks to the keyfob smart card and does a couple challenges to verify the server is for real... but i'm talking out my ass because i'm not a crypto guy. Anyway, dual auth is still much better than just a password, assuming your user understands what phishing is or how to spot it. Thanks for writing this detailed description of the expectations of your interview candidates. I'll probably apply once i'm 100% comfortable with the requirements (like knowing Ruby, writing my own fuzzer, etc) Is this why airbnb's site has been going down faster than the ShmooCon ticket reg page? oooh sick burn! I'd like to note that "the Internet" is a vast, broadly-scoped amalgamation of routers and different network topologies. They don't use one kind of hardware or software to manage it all. Any successor or parallel alternative network should be as (if not more) flexible to achieve it's goals. I'd also like to suggest that the network be powered purely by standard Internet client machines and off-the-shelf hardware. Custom software would be necessary, but it's better to rely on a random guy with a quick installer on a USB key than custom hardware mesh routers deployed by professional installers. A question on the practicality of expensive compute time for password hashes: If somebody got read-level access to your password hashes, it follows (based purely on the assumption that any app with the rights to read the hash will probably have the right to change it when applicable) that one could simply overwrite the password hash with a new one that is already known, gain unauthorized access, and change the hash back to prevent the user from finding out. Unless you really need that password to crack multiple accounts that might be reusing it, it seems unnecessary. (And honestly I wouldn't care to implement these special password hashes just to protect extraneous accounts of my customers which I don't control) edit I should clarify that while I agree that expensive compute time for password hashes helps prevent the ultimate compromise of a user's password, I find it a much more worrisome prospect that somebody got access to the database in the first place. To me, a person's password strength is almost irrelevant compared to the importance of preventing brute-force attacks on a login API or ensuring the integrity of the password database and db apps. That being said, for those wishing to implement a bcrypt-type hash: perl -le'print crypt("something", "\$2a\$random")' should give you blowfish-encrypted password hashes on systems with it patched into glibc. ("6" instead of "2a" for SHA-512) That is pretty damn cool, but I think for a serious "alternate Internet" to succeed, OSI layers 1 & 2 should not matter. An application installed by a regular user needs to be able to do most of the heavy lifting with most generic off-the-shelf hardware to get a really decentralized open alternative to take off like wildfire. Interesting case of abuse: Send anonymous death threats as secrets. Would be hard to prove the message ever existed without server logs. Also, botnet c&c messages. WikiLeaks leaks! Damn, this is a useful tool. Also, unfortunate for anyone trying to share the secret over the internet: if a repressive regime is sniffing traffic and looking for these URIs and grabs the contents first they can still discover the messages of dissidents before they get passed on. I have that too. The speed sucks dick but it's cheap. Thoughts: 1. I really hope it knows to just use cell while driving instead of trying to connect to random passing APs. 2. Am I the only person in America constantly surrounded by secured/non-free Wifi? 3. Why wouldn't I just pay less for my phone and $10 more a month for Virgin Mobile? It's a nice idea in theory, but if it gets popular it'll just become more expensive as it eats into the bottom line of the bigger carriers. It's like POTS/DSL: you can't cut out the middle man when they own the equipment. Even Virgin upped their fees. The fact of the matter is, if there was stable free wifi everywhere many of us wouldn't be using cell networks. But it's not going to happen. Europe is even worse; better hope there's a McDonalds near you when you want to make a call. I'm going to bet that most people are just suckers for the brand-new expensive-yet-crappy smartphone and getting locked into another phone on another untested carrier isn't going to sway many of them. And Wifi on all the time? There goes your battery life. (p.s. I don't know what kind of phone they're offering first, but that disassembled phone on their front page is identical to my LG Optimus V - from Virgin) "Here’s the catch: if you’re routinely using a lot of cellular data, then the service reserves the right to boot you." Like every carrier, there is no such thing as "unlimited". Agreed. So imagine what this other company's coverage will be like - and they aren't owned by Sprint like Virgin Mobile US is. (incidentally, if you update your PRL on your Virgin phone to a Sprint list you get better service...) Wrong. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virgin_Mobile_USA "wireless voice, messaging and broadband data services to subscribers throughout the United States via the Sprint Nextel CDMA PCS network" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boost_Mobile "Boost Nationwide Unlimited (AKA Monthly Unlimited Plan), which differs from their previous UNLTD plans, is offered for iDEN handsets as of January 22, 2009 and CDMA as of January 2010" The reason you have sucky coverage is the PRL list is much more limited for Virgin phones and they don't allow roaming. Update the list and get better signal. What is not how bcrypt works? The example that I gave? That comes from the 'crypt' man page explaining how to use blowfish encryption patched into libcrypt? I know it's brand new and all, but there seems to be a lack of "normal" irc functionality/usability. Nickserv has no 'help' functionality, nicks apparently have to be universally unique across all of Grove (better hope someone doesn't use my name in a different organization?), there's no chanserv. The help page is concise but should probably be printed in MOTD or some other way for non-Web clients (I was confused that I had to identify before joining a channel... it created a 'ghost' channel for me instead of booting me and telling me to identify, like most irc servers). And when you add a member to the org, they immediately are joined to the channel - even if they're not connected to a client? How do you know they're available to respond to a question? Also, since it appears to be a new & custom irc server, i'd not really be willing to trust corporate communication on a platform known for attracting hackers. If it's not supposed to "be IRC" perhaps they shouldn't include the word IRC 12 times in the article, their website shouldn't have an "IRC Help" page and instructions to "set up your IRC client" and your "IRC settings", the front page shouldn't say "Hosted IRC" in huge bold letters and a "Sign up for your IRC server" link at the bottom. Might make people think it was IRC. But that's just my opinion. Granted, services are not required. But if you're going to charge for a hosted IRC server (and you require nickserv to join a channel) you might as well clean them up and make them slightly user-friendly/functional. Rewriting an irc daemon from scratch is a bad idea. The multitude of existing irc daemons and their hybrids are proof that the technology's complex enough to take years to stabilize, much less secure. If it does actually succeed they'll run into the growing pains of scaling that (assuming they add standard irc cluster topology) will bring on netsplits and other potential issues. If I were a hacker i'd look at a from-scratch not-quite-complete alpha-release IRC daemon as a fun toy to mess with. And if I owned a company I wouldn't want to risk my private communications on such shaky ground. I'm not saying it isn't a cool idea... it just needs a few years to cook before i'd put my money or business into it (or at least a reputable, secure codebase) If you google usually you can find a guide for your phone on HTC or other developer/modder/hacker forums for smartphones. It involves getting codes specific to your phone and using some software and a USB data cable to upload new settings to the phone. It's similar to firmware flashing. Oh yeah, and they really really don't like you to do it because you're basically using parts of the network they don't want you to use. So whatever you do, don't tell Sprint customer service. Where are these supposed sex slaves of mine and why haven't I met them for their annual performance review? I feel like anyone who makes an argument that Node.js is "the future" is making the same case that a polluted natural environment is "the future". A horrifying vision of what could be reality unless we make it better. Friends don't let friends make a career out of programming in JavaScript. No offense, but it's more creepy that you find sharing happy childhood memories to be creepy. Allow me to commit the obvious faux paus: there's more to beer than weizen or weiss. The only reason i'd regret living in Germany is how hard it is to find a good IPA :( Seriously... get me a crap job in Berlin and i'll move there in 2 weeks I love that not only does it not use pcap, it's practical for many purposes... Starbucks wifi too slow for you? Reset everyone's connections but your own =) Here is the code in the video: http://anonymous-lulzsec.com/entries/encoders/same_enc-same_... http://pastebin.com/gT7qErZF Nobody should be replying to a thread simply to say they agree/disagree with it without adding to the discussion - that's what the upvote/downvote buttons are for. Perhaps a community rule should be added and mods can enforce it. I'm going to say it: if people who work "in the real world" would release this stuff to an organization like the now-dead WikiLeaks or Anonymous, the bad press might put enough fear into a higher-level manager to actually audit their crappy systems for this stuff. Also I think somebody ought to pass some tougher laws about leaving national infrastructure open to simple attacks. We can start with "3 years in prison for default passwords." A brief (snarky) reflection: "Our team at &yet has been building &! for a year, using and improving it for nearly 6 months." Approximately %0.00023 of the time spent was on the landing page copy on the night before the deadline. Perhaps a project management system would help here. So, I take it I shouldn't even consider getting a CS degree since I really suck at math? (Damn it, I wish I could edit old posts...) Thanks everyone for the words of encouragement, but when I was going to school it would take me 4 hours to complete 15 simple homework math equations, even with the ritalin. 'Hard work' in the form of 4 years of that stuff would make me commit suicide. Moreover, I just don't care to understand complex math. I do want to know how to design compilers and write embedded kernel drivers. If advanced math is required to be able to do these things, CS isn't for me. This brings up troubling thoughts of how the web (as well as personal choice and a growing economic disparity) is being eroded by the senseless advance of technology. Recently someone's start-up website refused to work on my Android phone because it didn't support WebSockets. I thought, "Wow, what a bunch of dicks. Now I have to get a better phone that can run Firefox Mobile or something." But I can ignore that one website. Imagine every popular website requiring technology that only expensive cutting-edge devices can utilize. At some point you'll have to have a certain amount of disposable income just to browse the web. This should not be the case; everyone on the planet should some day be able to use the internet to the fullest given the most modest means. Even if you stick to non-mobile surfing, is your current computer's operating system modern enough to run the latest and greatest web browsing app? If you wanted to upgrade the OS, would you be able to, considering how old your computer is? The World Wide Web is not meant to be a platform for an operating system on top of an operating system. It's meant to provide formatted data with inline images and hyperlinks. A ubiquitous, universal, cross-platform resource for information. I wonder if people consider accessibility anymore. Please don't forget that the terminal should be useful to just get work done without programming . It's also all designed to have a human interface - all the output can be grok'd by a human and not some complex tool or parser. This is what prevents things from just magically working and forces us to come up with hacks to pipe and grep and cut pieces of data to do what we want. If you really want to "reimagine" it, throw out the box and make a new one. If you redesigned all the standard unix tools to have a universal API and added hooks for each function they contain you could just specify a workflow to execute and the tools would figure out how to transmogrify the data internally. So for example: rehooliginator --store=val1 --filesystem=/proc/cpuinfo --rowname='model name' --match='([[:digit:].]\+)GHz' --store=val2 --filesystem=/proc/meminfo --rowname='MemFree' --match='([[:digit:]]\+) kB' --store=val3 --cmd=ps --fields=rss,comm --sort=rss --match='java' --field=rss --sum --math='$SUM*1024' --store=val4 --cmd=vmstat --samples=5 --field=cpu-idle --avg --output="Stats:\n\tCPU: $val1\n\tFree Memory: $val2\n\tResident memory used by Java: $val3\n\tCPU idle time: $val4\n" Not the greatest example but you get the idea. If this seems more complex than traditional one-liner scripting it's because you're trying to do a lot of little things on a single line. It may be better to shove all this into a little file in easy to understand non-programmer language and save it for later. (Also, the long GNU options could be replaced by short options for quicker use, depending on the API/module being used) This is obviously not getting away from the 'old school dynamic' of a fake terminal, but it does remove some of the need for it when we have tools robust enough that the terminal doesn't have to be as user-friendly as it is. You could combine a tool/framework like the above with a text editor to write multi-liners, sample the output and execute them on the fly. Build in hooks to execute commands over an ssh connection - or even gather output from various hosts at a time - and you could automate sampling your whole network from a one-liner. For a "friendly interface" I think a simple tree view file browser would work nicely. So basically an "explorer"-type app with an embedded text editor and output window to let you explore a system rapidly and also automate tasks on the fly. Hell, you could build an IDE or other friendly GUI to build your query tool's arguments using quick mouse clicks. Sure, assuming the device supports the API. We all know about Apple's fascist policies about what its apps can and cannot do. They can always choose not to support your app or your app's features if it's in their best interests. Alas, I think you miss my point. It's not just that "the web isn't the web anymore." It's that this push for more and more technology where it isn't needed will eventually impede people's lives (and truly it is not needed - a webpage that emulates an app should just be an app). It adds to the further complexity and cost of the modern age without giving us something of fair value in return. It's an unfair tax on humanity. I understand that somebody has a need for a multi-user realtime image editor. But that should be an app , not a web page. Obviously not every device is going to be able to do everything. But in most cases they could if they were implemented the proper way. I guess this kind of argument isn't for Hacker News. I'm the kind of guy who wants to throw his smartphone away, who doesn't own a TV, who doesn't go on Facebook. I'm not interested in giving chunks of my life over to consumerism and mindless wastes of entertainment. And i'm not interested in pushing new technology where it was never meant to be just because it can be done. By the way, JavaScript never should have been ubiquitous. It started as a hack and now it's a monster. So basically, you don't have to be a great security researcher to create change, you need to be great at PR. The hacker in the shadows finding vulns for fun and getting companies to make patches is still the unsung hero. Before I went to high school (maybe 8th grade?) I took some kind of test to determine what kind of career I was best suited for. It said the least likely position was computer programming because my math skills were so poor. I was already programming in C and Perl at this time. (I'm still not a "real" programmer; I learned early on that sysadmin was easier and pays more on average. I now regret going the easy route) I love this post, but must point out something about banks and passwords: Malware trojans don't care about your password. I don't know why people care about 'password cracking' when it comes to their bank accounts. Please watch "Modern CrimeWare Tools and Techniques: An Analysis of Underground Resources" ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zj4VkCB6obI ) and your jaw may drop. TL;DW: Bank account sessions are automatically detected and wire transfers happen immediately to shell accounts. Login accounts are detected and sent to databases at C&C servers. People who know nothing about computers can generate a custom trojan to drive-by infect most computers. Probably 95% of the time, if your bank account gets owned, it's not because someone cracked your magical password. It's because trojans are incredibly sophisticated and will take your money at the moment you log in, all undetected, with no fancy MITM or phishing or SSL cert faking. Yeah yeah, they got your password and because it's unique now they won't get into some other account of yours. But carders don't care about your other accounts. You're one in a million people owned by their trojan. They'll get the other accounts once you log into them. Why not just go outside for a run around the block? You'd get an actual health benefit from your heart rate being elevated for at least 20 minutes. ....yeah, that's why you stop sitting, get up, go for a run at lunch time. it's also recommended you get up every so often and walk around a bit (coffee breaks are good for this) ....what kind of crack are you smoking? Can I have some? So you called customer support to reset the password. You could call them whether or not there were personal security questions. Nothing changes. OTOH the personal security questions ensure only one person can access the account (when attempting a normal login) instead of any employee at the business. Passwords might be shared but security questions probably wouldn't be (assuming only one person is accessing the account). The questions are not intended to be impossible to crack. They're an additional data point to verify authenticity. The assumption is that you won't keep the name of your favorite animal next to your password (wherever it is that someone got your password from), thus it's an additional attack vector someone would have to account for. Not impossible, but adds difficulty. tl;dr: added authentication prompts add to attack complexity, and you're on crack. [p.s. you might want to change your bank account password and challenge questions when an employee who had it leaves. could be helpful.] Worth noting that if enough bad PR gets into the lamestream media about this it could be a death knell. CBSi doesn't exactly monetize well, and CNet has always bled money. Not that I want to defend CBS, but CNet pretty much runs itself, and had run itself into the ground way before CBS "saved" it. So a vendor/service provider makes a custom proxy for DNS record encryption and breaks the first rule of cryptography. Granted, they're basing it on DNSCurve so at least a few other people have looked at the design, but the implementation is custom... I wouldn't touch this with a 50 foot pole until a dozen PhDs vet it. edit I didn't notice libnacl is provided, so I assume a good chunk of the crypto work is done by this. My comments were probably too harsh. But I would still like to see a professional look over the rest of their code to make sure there's no glaring problems. Thanks for pointing this out, I didn't see NaCl and who it was written by; I thought maybe they wrote their own version of Curve25519. I'm still wary of the implementation until an expert looks over it, though. You have a weird way of reading. I don't see where I said that. Can you quote it for me? The problem isn't whether or not they're using a strong crypto algorithm as much as who implemented it and whether there was intense peer-review or not. Anybody can try to implement an algorithm, but most will probably screw something up, which is [one part of] why the first rule of cryptography is: don't do your own cryptography. Luckily, the library they're using (NaCl) is part of a project led by djb, thus we can assume it's going to be competently written and reviewed by him. I hadn't seen this so this makes me feel better about the crypto part of their project. This 'logical conclusion' assumes I would make a comparison between two completely different use cases: wanting to encrypt my dns traffic and not wanting to encrypt my dns traffic. Saying one is better than the other is stupid because they're completely different things. Yes, this is part of why I reacted the way I did. I'm looking for an 'expert' to review it, not an average infosec nerd who groks C. I just wish my friends who did crypto knew how to program =( I didn't even read past the third paragraph. It's not even the creepy, conspiratorial way he talks... who the hell puts up a single domain, with a single plain-text page of content, with a font big enough for my grandmother to read it, just to complain about Google? It's weird. Wow. That's a lot of frustration when you could just run /bin/rm -f /etc/motd touch /etc/motd chattr +i /etc/motd It's more of a standard method you can employ on any Linux operating system regardless of documentation. But I get it, it's frustrating when you don't know how to use your computer. The problem with this article is that you're basically telling a stupid person to stop saying stupid things because other stupid people will listen to it. Also the post could be shortened to: "please don't make sweeping generalizations because the assumptions they create breeds stereotypes and hurts others' credibility." My theory is this post, along with this woman's online identity, is an elaborate troll on feminism. Let's explore. "Here is a Blueprint for a Woman’s Life which I published. It is full of recommendations for how to make choices based on what we know women really want for themselves. It does not involve getting VC funding." Hmm. It's kind of weird for anybody to pretend they can tell anyone else how to live their life, since figuring out how to life your life in your own way is what makes it your life and not someone else's. But whatever. Let's read a bit into this thing and see what she talks about... She posted a list of things all women should be doing with their life. Here's the list verbatim (from http://blog.penelopetrunk.com/2011/08/16/blueprint-for-a-wom... ): 1. Do less homework. 2. Get plastic surgery. 3. Go to business school right out of the gate. 4. Start early looking for a husband seriously. 5. Milk maternity leave for all it's worth. 6. Guard your marriage obsessively. 7. Practice austerity. 8. Do a startup with a guy. 9. If you can't get men to do a startup with you, do a lifestyle business. 10. Homeschool. Your kids will be screwed if you don't. 11. Spend money on household help and Botox to keep more doors open longer. 12. Break the mold in your 40s. All of that sounds like wonderful advice. It's a really thought-provoking and insightful read. Her only problem is she doesn't go far enough. First of all, you want to marry rich. That way you don't have to work, much less create a start-up. Actually wait, that was the whole point of the techcrunch post, so nevermind. Before you liberal feminist sissies get all huffy, she clearly states "I know that's not good for feminism. But none of this post is." So please don't fret over whether or not she's setting women back by 60+ years as she is probably typing this story from the kitchen. (p.s. this is the woman who did the tweet about having a miscarriage during a board meeting - http://www.guardian.co.uk/lifeandstyle/2009/nov/06/penelope-... ) We all sometimes say and do stupid things, sometimes without knowing it. We're flawed creatures and that's fine. But there's a point where some people just can't be helped. If a single editorial article in a tech blog will change how an individual thinks towards an entire gender, that person is so stupid that they will probably believe anything (or at least anything that confirms their already existing personal beliefs) and a response like the OP's will do little to help this person become less stupid. But that's just my stupid opinion. Though using curses or any kind of emotional outburst is generally frowned upon intellectually, this is ignored if the person doing the outburst is seen to be fighting bigotry. 'Fuck Node.js' is not an acceptable use of cursing, but 'Fuck Sexism' is. 'APPS' AND 'THE WEB' ARE TWO COMPLETELY DIFFERENT FUCKING THINGS!!! Do you realize you're comparing a crippled, poorly-designed gadget with a distributed, massively networked system for browsing documents and information? 'Apps' do not work like 'the web' because they're not supposed to work that way. They're supposed to be static, stable, simple, reliable, offline, well-tested, usable. 'The web' is literally thrown together like so many ingredients in hobo chili. 'An app' is a Bonsai tree. Unfortunately, most people spend all their time tweaking the chili and spend absolutely no time pruning their bonsai. God, I hate making these comparisons. I'm sorry for being angry, but it's getting sickening just reading the titles for weird articles like these that make no sense. I think anyone who has any idea what goes on inside Amazon, coupled with shopping on Amazon's store, knows that it is both strategy and technology that fuel its progress. In short: equal parts engineering and business skills. eBooks are the engineering afterthought that careful business planning brought to fruition. Amazon never set out as a business to upset the book industry, just like Apple/Google never set out as a business to upset the mobile handset industry. I see many plays Amazon has made as a sort of hydra start-up company. Take a piece of technology: how can we turn this into a business nobody has tapped into? How can we use pre-existing models that work well to push our form further? I remember years ago when Amazon was bringing its clusters into the grid-computing-for-pay arena, now known as "cloud computing services". I thought it was kind of a joke; they had too many servers and needed a way to pay for it all. Turns out they found repeat customers. I remember when people started telling me they bought all their books on Amazon, and tons more of them since they were so cheap. I thought, oh great, a book wholesaler; probably not the same thing as getting the newest books quickly and at a competitive price. Turns out when you own the entire process of putting words to eyes it becomes a pretty good repeat business. I don't think the execs of Amazon live in a bubble. I think they share information and work toward solutions like engineers do. That isn't to say they aren't vulnerable of classic business blunders, but if their corporate culture remains one of vision AND simple problem-solving they might just accomplish some more monumental feats - all the while staying in the black. Heh, the distro I made was so short-lived it didn't make it to the list. After you build the basic system it becomes incredibly tedious to maintain and update the thing. But great experience if you want to learn about the guts of GNU/Linux systems or like stripping things down (10MB distros with GUI web browsers are still possible). View Source. Looks like the item sizes/positions are hard-coded. Heh... well instead of blaming, wanna help fix their code? https://launchpad.net/gnuclad SOPA is going to get challenged on first amendment grounds at a minimum. There's still a chance that if it takes a really long time to implement the provisions of SOPA, they can get it struck down before it does any real damage. Stall. Stall. Stall. Stop trying to force yourself to come up with ideas and just live your life. Nothing in life is so serious that you should be sweating yourself over it, save maybe an incurable disease (which you can't cure so again, don't sweat it). I'm pretty sure the "dir" takes longer than "ls" because "dir /s c:\list.txt" sorts the entire c:\ drive before looking for "list.txt". "ls -R c:\list.txt" first checks if "list.txt" exists, and fails if it doesn't. Just take out the "list.txt" and run both commands again. I think we haven't met any Aliens because we're selfish, paranoid, violent, irrational, un-evolved monkeys with baseball caps and video games and nobody wants to make friends people who happily destroy their environment [and therefore themselves] because it's easier than cleaning up their mess. Our major societies are full of petty, self-serving, closed-minded assholes and i'm a perfect example of that. The technology-enslavement theory is bunk because humans pretty much tend to self-correct over time. We start destroying the environment, somebody notices, we start pulling back on our rampant destruction enough to keep things operating. An epidemic of fat kids goes on, people start complaining, and schools begin the process of sort-of making their lunches healthier. If it got so bad that we almost destroy ourselves from too much internet use somebody would start complaining and we'd reign back on that too. Probably the real reason we haven't met any is that they probably have agreements that they don't come down and show themselves to new planets until the new planet's peoples advance their space technology to an appropriate level; ours is still kind of dark-ages technology. Maybe after the military invests we can have a nice big boom in space travel. These stupid things are also incredibly brave and necessary. If you have no other way of fighting what you know is wrong, you have to provoke a response. Look at it this way. A woman was terrified of the relatively minor consequences of speaking loudly in an airport. She did it anyway because she knew she should be allowed to. And we all learned a valuable lesson: our government and the airline industry allow innocent civilians to be subjected to abuse and detainment if they don't silently obey all commands regardless of how stupid they are. This woman's efforts show everyone just how inhuman and wrong the system is. She can't change the system by herself. But if more people like her show up, maybe, just maybe, it can make a difference. Granted, the way she went about it was borderline retarded. Are you saying you agree with the way she was treated by TSA and police? Or will you concede that perhaps this act of defiance (however misguided) was much more productive than the silent consent all of us give every time we shuffle through the cattle stocks? I wasn't aware I was supposed to flag every DailyKos story (I honestly have no idea wtf that site is). So, i'm sorry for not doing that. I resent your smug sense of superiority. I am a reasonable, logical person but I don't have a carefully structured and researched legal paper to present as to why the TSA's policies should be reformed. I just know they're assholes and they fuck with me for no good reason. Clearly this woman realized that too and she decided not to stand for it. The fact that she didn't do it well enough does not discount the action in itself, nor does it prove or disprove any other argument against the TSA. Furthermore, by flagging this story with the reasons you listed you're basically saying the HN readership is so stupid that by reading this article it will debunk any other arguments they have heard or will hear. That basically you're protecting the brainless HN readers from the ideas presented therein, or are protecting people from reading this and forming a negative view of "valid" TSA arguments from "reasonable, logical people." There is a deeper lesson to take away than just whether her argument was legally valid. For example, take the reasons that you feel are right and take a stand the way she did. So around 2.3k HPS monthly average. Assuming an average peak is 10 times that, 23k HPS seems a little little high but doable for a handful of servers (after load balancing and caching come into play). One note says "everything is dynamic, nothing is static" which sounds weird if they're using Akamai for anything but images. Images are claimed to be served at 100K HPS, which would be difficult for a handful of servers, especially with the dynamic content on top of it. It comes down to caching and hardware as usual. First of all: All modern malware/botnets steal session cookies in real time and then log in and perform any automated task they're programmed to. All you're protecting is a username/password which should be unique to the service anyway. So basically you want one-time session tokens. This is only slightly secure if you do the "first" login on the phone, not on the desktop, since you don't trust the desktop. You can achieve one-time session tokens with an app on your phone that doesn't need network access, such as a one-time pad or some kind of HMAC token-generating app (display a token, user enters into app along with their secret key, a new token is generated, put into desktop login and poof, you have a secure one-time token). You can do that with QR codes to prevent from having to type stuff. Group exercise programs can help motivate you to work through discomfort and stick to a regular schedule. I highly recommend looking at local gyms and independent trainers (ever see 5 people doing exercises in the park?) to find a group program that fits your schedule. The camaraderie sure helped me stick to a really grueling program and the benefits made it addictive. "No pain no gain." If what you're doing doesn't feel at least a little uncomfortable then you aren't pushing your body enough. You don't want literal pain of course; always listen to your body. But it should feel difficult. Perhaps you should build your fast-twitch muscles in different ways. Lifting heavy shit builds strength/power but does not build lean, functional muscle. There is such a huge variety of movements to work different parts of the body you could fill an hour's worth exercise with just a fraction of them. Body weight exercises can be very challenging and easy to start doing at your home. Personal trainers can show you exercises to do at home or the gym, as well as a multitude of free YouTube videos (but I should recommend you get a trainer to evaluate your form first so you don't hurt yourself). P90x is a very successful program and BeachBody has a couple other series which are also very challenging and provide results (I am not advertising for them; please torrent their videos if you want) Lately I have gotten lazy so i'm doing Thai Boxing on mondays/wednesdays, kettlebell and other mixed exercise on tuesdays/thursdays and yoga on saturdays/sundays. I can't believe nobody has mentioned how surprisingly difficult yoga can be (especially the "power yoga" varieties) but I would recommend you try it if you want a less stressful beginning to a regular exercise program. If you want to build more fast-twitch you should look into efficient plyometric exercises. Isometrics for strength (which can still be done with only bodyweight!) That's one of the fun things about most crossfit boxes: they incorporate a variety of lifts in the WOD to maximize the lean muscle and not turn you into a body builder. (If you have the equipment at home you can do WODs by yourself or replicate them at your local gym) Ugh. Why does the title say 3.3 million e-mails? The pastebin claims 2.7 million. Why did they feel the need to announce this before the wiki had all the data? Barrett just had to get extra PR time? Why do all these releases sound like they're written by kids in tree forts with bed sheet capes on? Then again all self-righteous announcements kind of read the same way to me. What's with their wiki? What is this shit? http://echelon2.org/wiki/Special:RecentChanges This whole thing is a big Anonymous waste of fucking time. Please flag this. I would think one would dedicate N*2 nodes for a dataset N and just copy the data in any given node to its closest neighbor node. If the lookup for the primary node fails, try its closest neighbor, and if you really want to get snazzy then have that failover neighbor start to copy data to its closest neighbor until you get a replacement node up. A failover daemon on each node will detect when a neighbor goes down and block writes to a copy of data until it's sure the neighbor is down, and won't accept new copies until both it detects the neighbor is back up and has resolved time-based differences in datasets. Probably not foolproof but it's a start :) December 2012 is when the world ends, so really, it's practically 2013. Occupy will be dead as soon as jobs kick back up or whenever the government actually puts up a fight to these camp-outs. I don't think anyone needs another social network; a forum perhaps, but Facebook/Twitter works just as well for organizing Occupy crap. I don't know why GoDaddy got into this in the first place but it's obvious they didn't have much to gain at all which is why they bailed. Try getting a music company or a police fraternity to bail on SOPA by protest, see how far it gets you. SOPA will live on. The Stratfor hack is complete and utter bullshit, it's a goddamn news wire service. Nothing will come from it. The only thing you can say with certainty is America will be full of excess [political] bullshit until November 2012, and then it'll be business as usual. (Also, you know the OP's post is a troll when he suggests Ron Paul could win) Re-edit: I am annoyed that this device is so buggy, and am getting rid of it. Google, please provide better testing for your revolutionary devices so I don't have to suffer through endless crashing and freezing up of stock apps. I would agree with the whole "This is the new S60" idea, except I don't remember S60 ever being as fragmented and broken as Android is. Also S60 always had priority on the phone and lock functions so even if an app was having problems I could still receive a phone call - please implement this, Android team. Reads like an Anonymous PR piece, though more mature. If only Barrett Brown could write in a non-douchey way like this. It strikes me as odd that Anonymous doesn't seem to work with the EFF on critical issues... they have a lot of support and manpower that could be really useful in working to fight things like SOPA (instead of attacking websites, committing fraud, releasing personal information of random individuals and generally vandalizing systems & networks). Let's see where they are in 10 years. Wouldn't an anarchistic collective imply that they all follow a specific political philosophy? I've never seen a wholly-accepted political agenda centered around anarchism that came from Anonymous. Do you have a source for this? Anonymous is an autonomous or 'leaderless' collective. Yes, you're right that they have no 'official' positions, similar to the Occupy movement. But who organizes? Who makes press releases? Who builds network infrastructure? Who issues commands to the rest of the group? And who follows those plans, uses that network and executes the commands? All you need is one strong personality that articulates the general urges of the group into a specific action they can all agree with and poof, you have yourself a leader and goals which can be worked toward. Every single 'operation' is essentially this. You can quibble over different factions or timing or independent values all you want but it's the same as how terrorist cells and abortion-clinic bombers work, though spread out over the internet and bombing websites instead. So don't tell me Anonymous can or can't declare or deny support (which it has many times in the past). This is the very fabric that Anonymous is built on: collective reasoning. I have to admit, it's very attractive to make it all essentially glorified shell scripts. Not only is it simple enough for most people to understand by default, it's easy to hack on and it's relatively portable. The only thing I don't like about that is that you're essentially writing code, which - since this is a sysadmin tool - means you're depending on sysadmins to write code. This is usually a bad idea. With restrictive, structured language you can still provide for all the features they've built into their types/manifests/gencode/etc without relying on someone being able to program. I was maintaining one part of a configuration management tool at a previous gig. The idea was to have a simple key=value file which essentially set identical environment variables. There was support for a few magic words like "REQUIRED" and "OPTIONAL", some very rudimentary logic statements ("if KEY=VAL then KEY2=VAL2") and an optional executable program for each config file to do extra magic that might be needed before the real configuration management kicked in (Cfengine2 at the time). In this way one or two people could write some generic config management modules/scripts and the environment variables would tell them what to do, so anybody could build and deliver configuration with only a key=value file and no programming. Everybody could pick up the format or copy an example because it was dead simple. Best of all: almost no code to maintain. I'm a little too tired right now to comment on the rest but the comparison to abortion-clinic bombers is accurate. They basically pioneered the use of leaderless resistance in the United States (i'm not very familiar with historical use in the rest of the world). I wasn't making the suggestion that Anonymous hates abortion doctors if that's what you're inferring. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leaderless_resistance#Internet_... The way you talk about 'Anonymous as a whole' is ridiculous. They don't do anything as a whole by definition. You have to consider their rhetoric in general and whether or not they accept actions taken by members of the group. If one guy says 'we hate Scientology' and the majority of people who identify with Anonymous agree with that guy in principle, guess what? The group has just made an implicit collective declaration. You can't identify as a member of a group and be an active participant in it and then claim no responsibility for the group's actions just because there's supposedly no leader or official stance on anything. You are an accomplice, or if you prefer, a willing participant by association. This wouldn't be the case if the entire idea of the group weren't that there is no central decision-making; you can distance yourself from a voice which no longer represents the majority, but you cannot distance yourself from that which cannot be identified unless you step outside of the ether entirely. Which actions do you mean? The botnets, sqli sweeps, social engineering or meaningless skirmishes with the jester and other pseudo-blackhat douchebags? I never really paid attention to the early stuff due to a loathing for anything from 4chan. I'm no expert, but one doesn't need to be a scholar to watch kids at play. You're not seriously suggesting to give the management of a complex deployment into the hands of a person who can't program? No. I'm suggesting giving the maintenance of the "code" portion of a deployment system to a developer, and having that developer craft it in such a way that a trained monkey can write a couple lines of metadata and have it deploy pretty much whatever you need. Which is how it worked for us in the past (and worked quite well). I'm sorry but I think you misunderstood me; I was never talking about Puppet. If someone can find a way to write to your master change management repo, you're boned. (Is it sitting on NFS? If so, you may have a problem!) If someone roots the master box that you're pushing from or that your clients are pulling from, you're boned. Technically you don't have to use root anywhere. You can push from a master box as an unpriviledged user and specify any user on the target machine to connect as, and ssh keys (along with an agent) will take care of the rest. The target machine doesn't need to be running your config management as root, you just need to set up a config management account with rights to the users/groups that your services are running. Your service may get compromised but root wouldn't - until they run a local priv escalation 0day. I think you're confused. Since the tools are using either SSL or SSH these protocols (when properly implemented) prevent mitm or spoofing attacks on things like dns or routing protocols. Your key does not get intercepted, ever, because you're never sending a private key. But some machine, somewhere, has to have keys or you can't log in. The only thing you have to worry about is someone getting both the keys AND access to a server that's running an agent that you've authed with. If you're super duper paranoid ssh-agent has an option to never cache a given key's authorization so it can ask you for the password for the key every time you use it. I'm pretty sure that would be super annoying, though, so better to just run one agent once for an entire batch push/deployment and kill it once your job is done. Am I the only grinch who looks at a number this big and wishes some of it was used to pay for children's medications that their parents can't afford or some other patient care? It's very noble to want to reduce pain and suffering but I care more about saving lives or improving quality of life long-term. I like your rationale because it's the same argument I use to not give to any charities: somebody else is already doing it so I don't have to. I can't help it. I'm a grinch. I know video games are fun and kids everywhere get lots of innocent joy out of them. I know that the kids who probably need video games the most are those who have no other activity they could do that would distract them from their situation and let them have fun. But.... something about the idea of collecting a bunch of money to buy video games... it just seems misguided to me. I know, i'm supposed to say "yay they're trying to help kids in the hospital, go them!" and ignore this weird voice in the back of my head. But is it really the best thing that could be done? I mean is it really the best thing ? Or is it not just a nice idea someone had that really took off and now that it's slowly becoming this huge thing that nobody anticipated there's the potential for greater good? Look, nobody's going to change Child's Play, that's obvious. It's a huge success and hopefully it continues in its success. But there must be a way to replicate its success into directly supporting children's needs in a long-lasting and constructive way. If you agree that trying to help kids feel happier while in the hospital is important, you have to agree that giving them a life to be continuously happy for years to come is even more important. I don't know what kind of charity that would be, or if there even is one. But there are 13 million children living in poverty in America. Thirty nine percent of America's children live in "low income" families, or $40K for a family of four. Giving to hospitals is important for precisely the preceding reasons: the children's families don't have enough to cover the rest. I just know that after the toys have been bought, there's still more help that is needed. And to me that's a big issue. That's all i'm saying. "There are 20 cafeterias at the Foxconn plant. Now you just need to visualize a cafeteria that holds 10,000 people." I'm still trying. This story tells you everything you already know, but makes you really realize it. Like you should play it once a month to remind yourself of what we all conveniently forget. edit It's more likely the cafeterias seat only 4,000. I guess that's better. I agree with the article, and would back up the commenter suggesting OP look at cdist ( http://www.nico.schottelius.org/software/cdist/ ). The simplicity looks promising. There is one thing that will completely fix configuration management in Linux, and that is: all software projects should bundle pre-cooked CM recipes. The problem of course is which CM tool should they support? Until one tool ends up winning over all (and it does look like Puppet is in the lead) we should probably just start a wiki with "community approved" examples for all popular server software in each CM tool's config language. With some prodding the 3rd party vendors might just pick them up and package them, making it a de-facto standard that ships with the distro. Well, one can dream anyway. I actually got to know Unix with a little paperback reference book: http://www.amazon.com/Pocket-Guide-Unix-Michele-Petrovsky/dp... After you learn the "unix basics" the most valuable thing I found was reading the description of every single common Unix command. I'm pretty sure I also had a small pocket reference which had the same information in a more compact form, and I found myself reading that everywhere I went. Here's a similar book from O'Reilly: http://shop.oreilly.com/product/9781565924277.do Here's another little guide which goes over all the general topics: https://docs.google.com/viewer?a=v&q=cache:4oBqPlq1f7oJ:... Some similarly useful tips in How To Report Bugs Effectively also apply to IRC http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/bugs.html A comment on the G+ post from Joshua Mwaniki: Richard Champling...I couldnt hold back from commenting on your accusations that we may have ochestrated this deliberately. I head the Mocality team in Kenya...and we did not 'Ochestrate' this. Building a directory in Africa isnt as easy as just going around and knocking on doors. Our success was largely based on our ability to build and maintain a large agent network (15,000+ strong). These agents collect information that forms the bulk of our directory. However, for the agents...work isnt as simple as going around and knocking on doors. A lot of the population is still very suspicious about the internet and new technologies. People have fallen prey to scams for merely giving out their cell phone numbers...people are kidnapped etc. Agents have the task of building trust with business owners in many cases just to extract their correct business details. Convincing them of the 'need' to be online, is not as easy as it seems. To facilitate this, the Mocality team in Kenya spends a lot of time travelling around, holding agent and business seminars and slowly turning our name and mission into something the local business person can trust. Therefore...when google launch a new product like KBO into the market, it is quite clear to us in the country, that they would have similar hurdles to climb when recruiting businesses. These hurdles are in some way a competitive advantage to us, as we've already spent tons of man hours going past them. Google would still need to build the trust...and the business owner would need to be comfortable working with them. For Mocality, the businesses trust our agents and we use our agents to introduce products to them. Therefore, when google employees/agents call and say that we are working together, they are taking advantage of the relationship of trust we have worked so hard to build...in order to release their product easily into the market. How does this look for us? It's a domino effect... Our agents have no idea about the sites business owners call to ask them about, and their confusion makes the business owners suspicious about working with them further...the agents get upset with us for not informing them of new products or partnerships with google, as they are losing livelihoods...and we are left perplexed that a company of the stature like google is blatantly telling lies. Perhaps worse for us here are the allegations being made that we plan to charge Kshs 20,000 for some services...which is way more than an average business would be willing to spend. So...did we orchestrate this? we clearly did not. And as my CEO Stefan said in his blog...we have always been keen to form viable partnerships within Kenya, and google is a company we have looked at working with. So we dont understand why we werent asked about partnership possibilities if they really wanted to use our information. Really encouraged by the massive support we've seen online from so many people so far though. Very encouraging. Peter Willis. Live in Washington, DC. Looking for work as a Linux systems admin/engineer, C/Perl/Python/Php programmer, or Infosec analyst/pentester. Contract or full time. Experience in large-scale web companies, open source development and working through the pains of corporate red tape. I love weird problems, working with low-level or backend stuff, and closing obscure security holes. My tech hobbies are coding something fun like prototypes of different distributed network topologies or tools for managing enterprise networks of tens of thousands of machines. at yahoo, for resume and code samples I'm open to relocating for the right opportunity. My main focus is on finding something i'm interested in/passionate about. Also open to remote work. Assuming I could craft messages which did not look like spam (to your system), and I could do it really really fast, do you have any throttling options to allow your customer to prevent an excess of mail from adding up too quickly or an alert based on a threshold? (Maybe i'm overthinking it, but I like services that put me in control of how much money i'm spending instead of being at the mercy of botnets) Spent over 20 minutes to disable all of Google's bullshit personalization of search. I swear to Bob, if they shove one more god damn "feature" into Search i'm gonna make my default engine Yahoo. If you google around you can find links to disable Google+, Google Instant, SPYW, etc (the most effective form being deleting your profile and disabling web history, but still retains your main Google account). This way when you're logged in you get the very least amount of bullshit crowding the plain-old search results we used to love. This is basically why I hate the internet. I wouldn't worry about offending people. These guys seem to be doing alright: http://www.mongodb.org/ A long time ago I used to have a general purpose server on a DSL line with port 22 open. I thought everything was fairly secure, patched up, etc... I never thought brute forcers would be able to guess one of my accounts (which was a friend's account actually). The kicker? The password was the username. I found out about the rootkit a few days after they got in. I tell ya, kids these days just don't know how to hide a backdoor. A really good port knocker is your best defense against rogue attackers of an external service (because there is no defense against a 0-day). For an iptables-supported system I recommend Knockknock by Moxie Marlinspike ( http://www.thoughtcrime.org/software/knockknock/ ). So let's say there's a resource that you want to update, but you don't know if it exists or not. Either you can GET (or HEAD or something) to see if it exists and then PUT if it exists or POST if it doesn't exist yet. Or you can just have PUT create and/or update it whether or not it exists, skipping the requirement of knowing whether you need to create it or not. (Or did I miss something?) Oh man... if only we had all statically-compiled Linux systems these days. Sure it'd be a pain to deploy changes in libraries, but less dependency-breaking consequences means you can push a patch to a single application without testing a whole suite of dependent apps. The really hacky solution to that seems to be building versioned packages in versioned directory paths (e.g. "/opt/lib/db/4/4.2/4.2.52/libdb.so") and mess with linker paths and create a sprawling tree of symlinks and wrappers for weird use cases. With a custom package manager it works really well: run 6 conflicting versions of the same library and just build apps against the library you know works, instead of fighting to get everything running on one compatible library. It's wrong because: 1. Passing creds via GET will show up in server logs. 2. The way REST works, you don't want to put anything in a GET which will change anything on the server (which includes generating an auth token). POST is the standard here. edit It's better that they support POST for the auth creds in a header, but they should still be using HTTP standard authentication methods and return a 401 if unauthorized. Also, look for already complete solutions for what you want. The whole point of REST is that you don't need to create all these query string parameters or put stuff in headers - the HTTP specs already include most of this functionality. For example HTTP already includes several authentication mechanisms[1], as does TLS[2], which are more secure (and standard!) than a form-based login. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digest_access_authentication [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Remote_Password_protocol Just another pointless post upvoted because it has the word 'hacker' in it. You don't have to give attention to every lame story that "doesn't get it." Even if this was a story by Reuters, which it is not , it still wouldn't matter. Welcome to 20 years ago when the media stopped giving a shit about giving hackers a fair shake. Holy shit, why hasn't this been around forever? I forgot about 2?? responses other than 200, going to implement that now. Also going to implement 418 just because it's fun. Because I want a feature included, a bug fixed, or I wrote something cool and I want to share it. I think we have segregated our information services for specific uses, and the phone numbers seem to work within that paradigm. If someone needs to contact me about a specific issue or we need to have a back-and-forth conversation, or if they just want to become my friend, they'll probably ask for my Facebook (don't have one) or e-mail address. If someone wants a date, or to call me maybe once about something like a job, they'll ask for a phone number. The phone number doesn't reveal anything about you - hell, you can't even find someone's name in the White Pages most of the time. It's an impersonal identifier. The e-mail address, Facebook, Twitter, etc can reveal all sorts of personal details about you. I wouldn't give up on phone numbers yet because there exists no alternative social replacement for impersonal contact. Silly I know, but social interaction is silly. I haven't checked yet whether they're using layer 7 filtering or just blocking ports, but assuming it was a lame combination of the two, you can try tunneling through HTTP on port 80. Download proxytunnel and follow this guide to set up Apache (or whatever server you prefer) to http proxy ssh connections to port 22: http://dag.wieers.com/howto/ssh-http-tunneling/ Then run ssh with proxytunnel as the ProxyCommand (as shown in the guide). It will make a plaintext HTTP connection, request a CONNECT yoursite.com:22, and if they aren't inspecting "too deep" you should be able to get an ssh connection. If that doesn't work there's always icmp tunneling (hans), dns tunneling (iodine), and various other options. See if you can make a udp connection over port 53 to a remote host and transmit non-DNS packets; if they aren't intercepting DNS traffic, just make an openvpn udp connection over port 53 for your tunnel. I actually have a whole paper on circumventing captive portals and firewalls and a crappy tool to probe them if anyone wants it. Oh yeah, and if anyone in Iran wants to test it you can use my vps to test. 'ssh -o ProxyCommand="proxytunnel -p syw4e.info:80 -d syw4e.info:22" -v'. See if it does an SSH handshake. If it does, you can use this tunneling method. Also try the icmp/dns/openvpn, though. To see if DNS is not being intercepted, run 'dig +short www.google.com @syw4e.info' (or 'nslookup www.google.com syw4e.info' from windows). If it returns "127.0.0.1", you were communicating directly with my nameserver and you should be able to tunnel openvpn to a remote box on port 53. I'll have to find the paper and clean it up a bit, but e-mail me and i'll send it when I find it and i'll post it on here. It's not amazing or anything, mostly just a talk with references to tools and articles and common flaws in captive portals. Here you go: http://opensourceandhackystuff.blogspot.com/2012/02/captive-... This is one of the worst trolls i've seen on HN. Obvious ignorance of pegging, flame-baiting the downvoters and trying to link the possibility of alternative sex acts with physics. I'm offended by your insinuation that only hacker women would be offended. My guess is someone's girlfriend or wife or little sister might be in the kitchen reading her iPad and stumble onto this thread by mistake, and be offended that you're not considering that she's offended. She could bang him with her fist too. That would be from behind, and completely feasible with human anatomy. Clearly you haven't been on the internet very long. I can probably find you video evidence in about 20 minutes... I have no argument. I just think it's kind of ridiculous how huge of a reaction there was to what is probably the mildest example of sexism i've ever seen. There's only one actual reference which could be interpreted as sexist (because apparently a stereotype about the mongul empire immediately defers to rape?) in the whole post and the rest of it is just tacky/creepy look-here-are-some-pictures-of-me-with-women. Just as some people need to be told to reign in the sexualization of their posts, some people need to reign in the outrage. Also I was really annoyed by the pointless use of the word 'hacker'. Seriously, people, just stop using the damn word. It's meaningless. I don't have an argument. I have a complaint, and I lodge it with sarcasm and parody because I don't think it's worth discussing. If somebody had something meaningful to say other than "I am disgusted by these pictures and a vague reference to a guy ravaging his girlfriend like a 14th century asian warrior!" maybe we would have something to talk about. Unfortunately pentesters can't send their capture files to third parties, so this has limited uses. "Why do so many web developers think that tablets are an excuse to break the functionality of the web?" Web developers have been breaking the functionality of the web for years. A lot of 'feature-rich' web apps today are almost unusable on a mobile device, much less for a disabled person. So instead of making a 'mobile friendly' version of their site, they made an app. Maybe some day they'll find it cheaper and easier to just make one site that works for all devices. But that probably sounds crazy. You can do something. Our country's foreign relations with Iran may really shaky but that doesn't stop us from being able to officially condemn their behavior, which the international community will hear, and potentially echo. Write your representatives and tell them how you feel and that they should do something about it. Technically it's public but you need to be responsible with how you deal with your client's data. Even if the NDA says nothing about releasing handshake details, you still have to explain to your client why a WPA-cracking website has details about their infrastructure. I agree the convenience is attractive but I wouldn't want to put myself in that position. Both the Canadian government[1], the Inter-Parliamentary Group for Human Rights, and Amnesty International[2] have condemned this fast-track conviction/execution. I don't think the US government echoing an ally nation and a human rights organization will spark a war. However, it does help put international pressure on them which might make them hesitate to perform the same action again. In any case, if you believe it's wrong you should speak out against it, no matter the consequences. Staying silent only allows the abuses to continue. [1] http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5jskeJOMwe... [2] http://www.amnestyusa.org/news/news-item/iran-must-halt-exec... Whatever dude. I don't really give a shit if it feeds the American war mongering machine. (It won't, because conservative Republicans could give less than a shit about human rights abuses, but that's beside the point) Like I said before. If you think what someone is doing is wrong, speak out against it, regardless of the consequences. Some principles are worth fighting and dying for, and one of them is protecting the lives of innocent people. The PDF record shows both parties replied to each other a couple times but the NSA thought his method didn't meet their security criteria. But they also could have shelved it for years until someone had a use for it, the same as Hedy Lamarr's frequency hopping patent. (Granted, they probably modified it slightly so they didn't have to give him any credit) It is really, really, really, really, really hard for me to find a good temporary distraction nowadays. The noise is so monotonous, so repetitive, so completely devoid of intellectual stimulation that I go between four websites in a loop looking for something interesting to read. HN has maybe one article every two hours that pops up to the top that I find worth reading, and maybe half the time worth upvoting. And that's the only good source of noise I have. Everything else is shit. I don't care about politics. I don't care about the tech scene, or gadgets, or games, or celebrities, or sports, or this quarter's fiscal projections for a multinational corporation. You name a "news" story and I probably would hate to read about it. Even if I want to read it, it has almost no background information or anything more than the re-cutting of a press release with a paragraph describing why the press release was released. Regurgitated stock information with nothing of value. Here's some choice excerpts from Google News, which I guess is supposed to be some representation of what's happening in journalism today: * Microsoft unveils new, more window-like logo for Windows 8 * Robin Thicke Arrested for Pot Possession * The mostly good and sometimes bad Top 10 moments of Tim Wakefield's Red Sox career * [John] Glenn worries the US is ceding its space leadership * Ohio AG DeWine switches from Romney to Santorum * Identity Theft Tops IRS's 2012 "Dirty Dozen" Tax Scams * GOP candidates fighting over Michigan * Anthony Shadid, New York Times foreign correspondent, dies at 43 * FDA Still Wary of Diet Pill's Side Effects I don't want noise, but sometimes I need noise. And when I want it, I want it to be worth while. It seems like nothing on the internet ever is. Yes. I am 16. I stay home from school because learning civics and history and math and science are super boring, so in between sessions of wallhacking on legacy counter-strike servers I refresh a startup tech news site looking for intellectually stimulating articles. You're right. I do know everything. Everything except how best to use my time when I occasionally want to waste it broadening my horizon with unusual and interesting information. I typically walk around the house in underroos bragging about how bored I am. Then I zone out to American Idol. I'm not sure what kind of parallel universe I'd have to exist in where writing about things I don't know anything about is possible, but once I find that reality, by golly I'll take your suggestion to heart. Hackers really are the Thomas Edisons of our time. Extremely productive in everything they do and never piddling away on something just out of intellectual curiosity. Hackers only seem to create practical solutions to the big problems facing the world today. I'm so glad every college graduate who's just landed his first job writing JavaScript for a start-up can refer to themselves with such a prestigious title. And with so much credibility! What I don't understand about your comment is that you seem to believe that nobody ever gets bored at work or needs a break from a grind of meetings, coding, red tape, conference calls, etc. I envy your steadfast dedication. I, however, do actually need a break once in a while and enjoy reading about things that are interesting and new to me, or just enlightening in some fashion. Forgive me for crying about it into a thread about distraction. I'm sure you're right. There's just not enough people writing to explain random complex subjects to people that don't study that field. And i'm correlating the concept of "news" with interesting information, when news reporting is basically repeating that which happens every single day. Thank you for the link, that may be just what I was looking for. I make things when I have a reason to make something. I've done my time in OSS and bug killing and it's boring and a waste when you don't need the thing you're working on. I did make something recently, but with my free time and not at work, because basically work didn't feel it was important enough to pay me to make it. So instead of making it at work I look for other noise to fill in the gap when i've been coding for 5 hours and need a break. But making something for the sake of making? I'm sorry but i'll never be one of those people. (Well, anymore. I have a directory full of 1/4 finished projects as proof of how productive it is to just make stuff for no reason) ...... you know the commenter i was replying to linked to that exact website, right? I appreciate the attempt but these are examples of what I find uninteresting. Toys, gadgets, household tips and trivia are not the kind of noise I want when trying to optimize for value. So what you're saying is 1. we should not ever attempt to defend people being abused until we erase all vestiges of abuse from our own country or at least 'condemn ourselves', 2. saying that it's bad that some country abuses its citizens is going to contribute in a small way to the potential for starting a war with a country who continuously flaunts its nuclear program in the face of every international body that opposes it and threatens our allies with total annihilation, so we shouldn't make them upset, 3. Canada's words are empty. You seem to have an unrealistic view on our relations with Iran. You seem to think that us complaining about the unfair treatment of its' citizens will make them more likely to threaten war. This is not really the case. They could give a shit what we think of how they treat their citizens. What they do care about is our continued insistence that they not be allowed to develop nuclear weapons. That and the pressure of the international community imposing sanctions on them makes them pissed off. As you said, condemning them for this is a relatively minor thing. So minor that they will probably completely ignore it; it has no bearing on their nuclear operations or their arms deals or their not-so-secret terrorist war with Israel. The only way it will even pop up on their radar is when their international partners mention it as a concern, because we're concerned. Again, this does not inspire them to go to war, but it makes them realize they have to be more careful about how they abuse their citizens, which in effect does some good. Finally, for the previous reasons Canada doesn't have to "start something" with Iran. Most conflicts between nations are not dealt with by their military, they are dealt with by sanctions. Our military leaders have stated time and again that it's the only practical thing we have to deal with them at the moment. Canada has resources and influence which may apply here. http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/mod/mod_heartbeat.html It frustrates me when people use ASCII instead of packed bitmaps for things like this (packet transmitted once a second from potentially hundreds or thousands of nodes, that each frontend proxy has to parse into a binary form anyway before using it). Maybe it's a really small amount of CPU but it's just one of many things which could easily be more efficient. Some of this stuff is so simple and useful it's a wonder they weren't there before: http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/mod/mod_auth_form.html http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/mod/mod_session_dbd.html http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/mod/mod_buffer.html http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/mod/mod_data.html http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/mod/mod_ratelimit.html http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/mod/mod_lua.html "mod_ssl can now be configured to share SSL Session data between servers through memcached" "mod_cache is now capable of serving stale cached data when a backend is unavailable (error 5xx)." "Translation of headers to environment variables is more strict than before to mitigate some possible cross-site-scripting attacks via header injection." "mod_rewrite Allows to use SQL queries as RewriteMap functions." "mod_ldap adds LDAPConnectionPoolTTL, LDAPTimeout, and other improvements in the handling of timeouts. This is especially useful for setups where a stateful firewall drops idle connections to the LDAP server." "rotatelogs May now create a link to the current log file." Very nice that they rewrote the mod_rewrite and caching guides with more examples and ease of use in mind. Here are the API changes: http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/developer/new_api_2_4.html That's a fine philosophy for the just-ship-it model of startup webapp development, but this is a piece of server software which is supposed to scale high and far and reduce its resource use as much as possible (part of the emphasis of the release as noted). If you're writing a piece of some software with one specific function and it doesn't affect anything else and it doesn't take any more time to make it efficient, just do it efficiently the first time. This way you don't have to come back later and rewrite it (which by the time that's required, somebody already wrote something dependent on your crappy design, which now has to be fixed too, etc) I agree that if you try to optimize everything before proof that you need it you'll be wasting a lot of time. But the case i'm talking about is a function in mod_heartmonitor.c which calls apr_strtok, strchr, and ap_unescape_url(x2) for three iterations and returns the values in a table. And that function is duplicated at mod_lbmethod_heartbeat.c. For a cluster of 850 servers that's 10,200 function calls every second. When they could have just copied a raw network-order bit string into a struct. Or something. Yeah it's probably insignificant, but they could have just done it that way the first time. There'd be no optimizing needed thereafter, and no side-effect as it's only used in two places for a limited function. It's actually smaller and easier and faster to write AND to run. You make the right choices at design and implementation time and you come out with better code which doesn't need to be optimized. Assuming that it'd perform that way in the real world, you are right that my solution would have no significant performance increase over the sscanf you use. But I don't totally agree with some of your supporting arguments. The wire protocol you're talking about is a heartbeat protocol. This doesn't need to be human-readable because there is no input from a human, nor is it intended for a human to read. Debugging it would be as complicated as a "printf". Oh the horror. We wouldn't want to add debugging to our application - better make people read the raw data with a packet sniffer (which you can't run unless you have root, so good luck getting your application debugged quickly, developers). Adding an extra argument would require appending an extra field and incrementing the version. Oh noes the mess! Since both solutions are versioned, forward compatibility is just updating code in the server, and if you're going to change things you have to update code anyway, so this doesn't sound like a good reason to oppose it. Realistically, will more than a handful of shops have a big enough cluster for any of this to matter? No. But even your example of using sscanf is faster than Apache's code ( http://pastie.org/3430085 ) while being 100% compatible with the rest of the code, and still goes to show that doing it right the first time is better than just slapping something together and waiting until you have to optimize. So do we need to use an unreadable, simpler solution? No. But it would work just as well as anything else and take just as much time to write - if not less. You must be confused. I never suggested optimizing the code. I suggested using an initial design which is inherently efficient. They could have also made the heartbeat packets into XML documents. They didn't because they're not totally insane. For applications which deal with users, yes, but this is like telling NFS it needs to transmit permission bits in english. Computers do not need english languages to communicate with one other - only people do. And since the data being communicated between the heartbeat client and server is computer-generated and automatic, "text" is not even not required, it is an unnecessary step in communication. Apache is implemented in C. C is good at accessing, copying, transmitting, and inspecting raw memory. It is not good at parsing and comparing strings. Adding text to a protocol nobody will ever interface with is adding an unnecessary layer which is not only more complex than my suggestion but is itself more prone to security flaws and bugs unless proper care is taken when parsing the strings. Really I think this is about people's comfort levels. You feel more comfortable looking at a string and knowing what's in it. Either way will work; it doesn't matter how you skin this cat. But I think it's disingenuous to suggest that comparing raw bits is somehow more likely to blow up than comparing the raw bits after you parsed them from a string. Well. If you wanted to be really annoying about it you could make a web service which just gets and sets keys and values according to an authorization ruleset. You'd still need something to handle transactions which can not be allowed to be performed by a user, such as credit card transactions, web service account-linking authorizations, etc. You could have an app on your iPhone written in JavaScript that just queries for transactions to process and does all the heavy lifting, in effect being the "backend" on your phone. But again, that would be really annoying. We have frameworks and libraries for a reason: to make writing the monotonous backend quicker and easier. When you utilize the right tools it shouldn't be too much work. But yes, you could probably offset a lot of crap on the server with simple key/value sets sent from the client. Whether or not that's a good thing i'll leave up to the users to decide. Levels don't get easier the higher you go, but once you beat them you get new experience points. Isn't the challenge part of the fun? Once I rewrote a packet sniffer (without libpcap) to support multiple architectures for fun. I never took the time to learn about endianness until I had that project to play with and i'm glad I did. Would I like to program like that all the time and implement every new protocol as a bitstring? Hell no. But sometimes you're handed an edge case which is just perfect. A protocol which transmits data that dynamically changes according to the use of the application servers, which is implemented by services using a language which makes it easy to communicate raw memory and not need to parse it, passing a tiny low-latency message over an unreliable transport layer without even a concept of whether messages are ordered properly or not. Forget the common developer. Forget compatibility. Forget usability. Forget reliability. This thing only has one function: tell the frontend proxy i'm alive and how many slots are active or busy . The only thing that matters to the backend server is how fast you can spit out a packet, and to the frontend how many machines are alive. Shit, there might not even be a valid checksum on the udp packet. And you're worried about how much effort it takes to implement this? It probably takes less time to write the code than it does to add the source into your makefiles and make a unit test. The existing function that parses these packets is one small function, which without parsing a string would be one memcpy (or the slightly-less-flexible sscanf as shown by wheels earlier). There is no crime in writing apps in a way that fits their use. Not all apps are the same, and not every "default" design decision is appropriate. Sometimes you just do what you're familiar with. In this case the Apache guys used an HTTP query string for a heartbeat packet. I would have used something more akin to a network protocol packet. It doesn't really matter as long as it meets the application's requirements and works. But I still like my way better. :) I know, right? When he suggested that DevOps people would somehow get complex server management right just because they have a python interpreter I nearly fell out of my chair. Are you kidding? If i'm Jim Gaffigan i'm not gonna hire a couple of LMFAO rejects to design my website unless i'm paying them in Hot Pockets. Which would be disgusting. Hooooooot Pockets. Talk about bad branding. 'Hypermedia' sounds like something from a Gibson novel. Oh great. It wasn't bad enough that Android lacks a real-time user interface, now all my apps will be in JavaScript and HTML5, making everything even slower and crappier. It's so funny how phones made 10 years ago were more real-time than those today. On top of that I get the bulkiness of a Mozilla product combined with the security vulnerabilities of a Mozilla product. "Basically, Apple and Google have so much control over the smartphone landscape that carriers have effectively become nothing more than retailers. Worse than that, their infrastructures have been reduced to that of a dumb pipe, where it is Apple and Google who ultimately decide how the network will be used." THIS IS THE MOST AMAZING THING THAT HAS HAPPENED TO THE MOBILE CARRIER INDUSTRY IN ITS HISTORY. And somehow you find this a bad thing? Jesus christ people can be thick. You don't understand the concept of real-time devices. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real-time_computing Really java made the phones less real-time, but it was 10 years ago that one of the first Java phones in the US was sold by Sprint. Nextel I85s came out in 2001, and the Sanyo SCP-4900 (with 12-bit color!) came out in 2002. All those apps and games and syncing? Means diddly squat if the god damn phone is locking up from apps clogging the CPU and preventing me from pressing the "Pick up" button when i'm receiving a call. Phones today are (in general) overrated, overpriced, hardly usable pieces of shit.