I went to college with his late son, Nick. Nick was a good guy and their family was really welcoming and friendly. I remember speaking with Jim during the .com crash as I was getting my CS degree and he mentioned a CS degree is a great thing to have if you love it - keep at it. Solid advice at the time. But make no mistake - when he says he wasn't as fast as some of the others, it's a whole different ballgame. He's a world class genius with creativity and personality to boot. He's also a good guy who is quite generous. Thank you for that. Nick was a friend of mine and I miss him. He loved Nepal and working there. Tekmira Pharmaceuticals has a cure for Ebola that has success in non-human Primates. Is it unethical to try using this on infected humans that are going to die soon? With their approval, naturally. Why not explain what we have, that there unknown risks, etc, but it could save you. The alternative is a painful, awful death anyhow so why not? I feel like a control group is immoral at this point. More importantly, they get public exposure and the government sponsor for their research will more likely resume this project. It was shelved due to budgetary reasons. However, their project is not really going to be able to compete with companies like Tekmira who have begun human testing, having a much higher efficacy in Primates (and likely humans) and are simply further along. Ebola would unlikely be a block buster drug for any company - however, it allows them to research technologies and systems for other, more profitable things. The fact there is an UPDATE statement that is actually an INSERT is clever, but possibly misleading to many users. The design is for insert only so you hate to see syntax that is actually a different semantic. Why are update statements actually inserts? Am I missing something ( besides eventually consistency by design ) or are they trying to trick me? The trade is getting crowded - that's the feeling I get from some higher profile VC funds complaining recently. Their buy-in's are getting more expensive as more private money from non-traditional VC funds moves into the sector due to continued low interest rates, a feeling the public markets are getting close to topping and the fact that each round seems to be up, up, up. This is forcing higher prices for the traditional VC funds which in turn makes them more conservative with how their money is spent. And because the money is so easy to acquire the start-up's are blowing it quickly. They are competing for a limited set of "top" employees which is driving labor costs up to potentially unsustainable levels. Money won't always be so easy. Use it carefully. However, I see the top VC's getting a bit upset they have more competition to invest in tomorrows potentially massive businesses at discounted rates. They will likely raise much more than 100 million. That is the "default" setting for the S1. Also, if the IPO goes well expect the underwrite to green shoe some more. This article is full of so much logical fallacy I'm surprised it made it here. And it's an advertisement none the less. Creates a red herring by stating he's been doing this a long time and has seen it all. Creates straw man after straw man in the trashing of memory caches (avoids their use cases), Dynamo (there's a good reason tons of people use various NoSQL Databases) and Hadoop (C'mon, now). He also creates more logical fallacy in calling various concepts silver bullets that ended up having problems. I don't think anyone serious about technology thinks replication, sharding, load balancing "solves everything". Nothing is a silver bullet and anyone who says something is is selling you something... And then he fails to really address the MemSQL uses replication, sharding (in a limited sense since the core SQL concept of a JOIN is wrecked here and they have a big warning on their troubleshooting page about an error you users must see often). SQL is great but I have plenty of great reasons to use other data stores. SQL isn't a silver bullet for data. Point is, he is calling MemSQL a silver bullet and is obviously trying to sell something while ripping plenty of great ideas and concepts by picking the worst implementations of them and largest misunderstandings of them. If it's the case that we are currently a part of a simulation then we can assume those above use are part of a simulation too and eventually we will create a simulation below us and it's turtles all the way down....and up. Great acquisition by MongoDB. Addressing the shortcomings and fixing them like this is really smart. It's great that MongoDB spent the last year and a half improving the codebase and I expect to see great features in the coming years. The story has just begun with those guys I think and as they get more and more adoption in the enterprise arena (as the DB improves) it will become a standard DB across all lines of business. I know they aren't the most popular thing around here but they are insanely popular and it's great to see the product improving. How do I add and remove capacity then? This is exactly right. I can't believe how snide and ignorant a few of the commenters are (except I can because it's the same folks with the same FUD every time). MongoDB isn't standing still and it is getting better and better with every release. Not to mention there are 100's of massive projects running on MongoDB with success. Something about MongoDB really drives the Postgres community (and certain NoSQL DB fans) nuts and I'm guessing it's that MongoDB is eating their lunch, growing faster than them, is gaining popularity faster, etc. Keep in mind MongoDB is many years younger too and is maturing more quickly now. Plus, developers absolutely love working with it. It's a tool like any other and still has issues but I'm afraid some here are dancing on its grave well before it has even shown signs of letting up on its growth. That is entirely wrong. It might suit your use case (having a bunch of monkeys running around fixing a hack job) but I'd rather use a tool which can expand and reduce capacity when I want, which is quite often. It saves me money on cloud hosting to only provision what I need when I need it and be able to expand and contract it at will, easily. Your solution fails at this. It depends on what you consider "acceptable HA". There are many instances where I'm not trying to protect from a network partition (single data center, monitored batch data loads, etc) and don't have a requirement for that level of tolerance. However, you're right in that it's important to know that nearly every distributed system has edge cases where things might not appear as you thought. Elasticsearch has a section on their Website detailing their resiliency efforts. I wish every company was as transparent about what they're doing on that front so we can all plan and consider expectations better. Another great rye you might try is "Rittenhouse Rye 100". It's great neat or with a splash of water/1 cube or in an Old Fashioned (I always use rye in my old fashioned's). Does this mean that if I apply this algorithm and that 2 or more time series data sets are still similar that they are in fact correlated? I find this test fascinating. You missed the point. This has to do with "time series data" which means time is the same among all the data sets. Because you know this you should remove it to test for similarity. You could apply this to any automatic variable in your domain but time & change is very obviously a typical common variable for many data sets. That's right. Sort of like factoring out common variables/values in algebra I'd say. Time series is the "easy case" but I suspect identifying less obvious commons is the real art of it all. I think time - then you're left with data. If when removing this they still have the same shape they do in fact correlate. I'd be curious to see the results of that experiment to be sure. I believe the beauty is you're using time (x and x-1) to preserve the change from sample to sample but remove the time influence that broadly affects all and distorts the subtle differences that may in fact not be related. It only matters if the commonality is far more influential and unimportant than the unique but import parts. That's mainly correct. Or they used for it something it simply isn't suitable for. You can't just throw random data into it and expect it to work. Proper document modeling and understanding write concern solve almost all the problems people have with MongoDB. It still has a ways to go but so many of the comments here are issues from way back in v2.0. Regardless, it's still very popular and only gaining popularity. And improving. That's the point so many here fail to address. Lots of businesses are using MongoDB at large scale (2PB clusters) and willing to talk about it too. MongoDB gets a bad rep, some of it their own fault for sure, but it's not as lousy as some people here make it out to be. Careful object modeling goes a long ways. Wired Tiger will be a massive improvement on their current storage engine, which is pretty awful for write-heavy loads to be sure. Problem is where it is branched. I don't think they will be able to keep up well. Plus, the new MongoDB storage engine (wire tiger) takes care of its biggest issue which Toku addresses. Plus, I think you'll be able to just buy Toku's storage engine if you want it when they make it pluggable with the new MonogDB storage engine API. The .com is the corporation behind MongoDB. .org is the open source project. Yes, they are intertwined heavily at this point (but it wasn't always this case back in the day) but I can understand why they try and keep their separation of concerns here. You've always been able to control this with write concern on a per-write basis. If you can handle an instance where and acknowledged write may not get replicated and possibly lost (logging use case - fast writes) then use that level of write concern. If you require extreme durability (slower writes but more durable) then use that level. In many applications you have both requirements and MongoDB lets you choose at write time the level of durability you want. It has always had atomic operation per-document. So, if you're able to model transactional things in a single document, you've been able to use those semantics. And as documents can be quite complex there are many use cases where it is possible and even desirable. However, MongoDB can not guarantee any operation that affects multiple documents will affect them all - if there was a failure after some documents were updated there is no rollback. However, between atomic single-document updates and the ease of implementing optimistic locking patterns, you still have options. Multi-document locking and transactions over a cluster of numerous shards is difficult. This is one reason why distributing documents is easier than rows of data. I'm not even sure they will ever have distributed transactions (using a 2-phase commit) because of how slow they are. However, single shard transactions should be easy to implement. But it will be use-case specific I imagine - you'd have to lock by shard-key to guarantee related documents are on the same shard I gather. It allows you to get started amazingly fast and has great client support. You don't have to think much about the DB side of things - just throw data into it. It's also where people get into trouble. After they've done this and built their MVP they don't go back and rethink their data decisions. Then scale issues occur, among other things. But it's also very easy to change your schema while iterating to serve your use cases better. But it's up to the users to change things and to learn which types of patterns scale better and to actually learn how to use the database to their advantage after gaining some experience. Learning how to model documents effectively is rather important. What else did your config have? Did you use RAID on your HD's? How much RAM did you have? What types of CPU's and how many? Were you updating documents often or writing new ones? Did you have compound indexes built properly? What was your latency requirements? Was MongoDB able to saturate your resources? Did you read off of secondaries at all? Did you shard your DB and if so what was your shard key? Was it random? Could you use it for reads too? How much of your data set did you need to possibly use at any given time? If you had to "upgrade to SSD's" at 100GB you either had amazingly poor provisions, were doing most everything wrong or both. Messages like yours indicate to me a poor user - not a poor database. He was using v2.0 in that article. A version that is years old and pretty awful. The default then was that a write was fired from the client and that's it - fire and forget. A stupid default. The default since is to get an ack from the server. You can control this on each write and make it more durable (make sure it is replicated to 1, majority or all replicas) or faster (just get to the server). The default is to be written to the primary server and put into the transaction log so if it doesn't get committed to disk (possibly 60 seconds by default) it can recover. The transaction log is flushed (fsync) every 100ms by default and is configurable. You can also specify that the write is only acknowledged after the transaction log is synced. Anyways the default is it is put into the transaction log and then acknowledged. Fair enough and you're right, the storage system is awful. Switching to Wiredtiger was smart by them and something like that should have been done far in advance. The problem with updates in MonogDB is that they are inline and flushed to the filesystem that way. So if you have documents which are growing then the old ones have to be 0'd out and a new one written, which results in a ton of wasted space and an unbelievable amount of thrashing. As you saw, ridiculous amounts of IO time and even with SSD's you get pretty bad SSD wear on your disks. There's ways around this by pre-padding documents or using buckets if you are pushing into arrays but I can see why you didn't bother. Also, the write lock back then was system level - yikes. Around 2011 MonogDB was incredibly awful. I will say it has improved manifold since then. I'd make sure you use the new storage engine, wiredtiger too if you give them another shot. The standard one works well on read heavy use cases but saturates I/O pretty quickly if you're doing a lot of updates that make documents grow if you don't take some precautions. I also agree, having a setting of "fire and forget", although useful in some (limited!) use cases, is not a sane default. If your company goes public and you have valuable equity but face a lockup of 6 months you can still "lock in" some price...if your company gets publicly traded options that is. Sell calls at the price you want to sell for the month that the lockup expires. If your shares get called away you got the price you wanted and some premium. However, you miss out on a huge gain if it goes far beyond your call level. Also, if the stock tanks in that time you keep your now less valuable shares but you got some premium. So, after selling calls you can take that money you made from the premium and buy puts with it at around the same price. You've created a spread here and have locked in a selling price and gave yourself some downside insurance - all for very little cost to you over all since the covered call premium paid for most, if not all of your puts. Your only risk now is that the stock goes through the roof and you miss out on some upside - but that makes sense as you've eliminated risk for very little out of pocket cost. So maybe you do this on 1/2 or 2/3 of your position or whatever you're comfortable with. Of course the difficulty is if you have a ton of stock and the option market for your company isn't very large and therefore illiquid. Indeed about the put/call parity. Or, you simply buy puts at a different strike and take on some risk. But yeah, you'll probably spend some money to "lock up" this deal. And you're right, options generally take some time to begin trading - especially if the volume is low on the common stock anyhow. Another method if you can is simply short the stock as soon as you like the price. Then replace the stock when your stock is freed up. Naturally this requires margin and problem that you could get margin called if the stock goes through the roof! Hedge with calls then that are way out of the money then too. Also, there's the issue of shorting your own company! Thanks for information - I wasn't aware this applied to non-insiders or ex-employees too for derivatives that expire after the lock-up. I guess no amount of financial engineering can unscrew the little guy. :) BTW, love your company and use it often, thank you! I agree with this. Use it at as an opportunity to say pleasant things about the company and people you worked with, considering you're leaving because you found a new job and not because you were harassed, etc. You will probably run into some of these people again or they will know people you use to work with at such-and-such company. Often when you want to reindex you want to reindex a lot of data - quickly. You don't want to use your same hardware, possibly. So what you do if you're in AWS, for instance, is take your data mounts and mount them to an extremely high powered set of instances. Then, reindex with the new mappings. Then, move your mounts back to your smaller instances. You save money and can do a reindex very quickly. A basic "reindex" command would be a cool feature though. I feel like as an art piece, "Magic" is sort of the distillation and abstraction of everything that has happened with the Internet over the last 20 years - especially lately. "Send a blackbox a message and you get something - on demand!" That's art. Or it's an incredibly sad state of affairs with what qualifies as "technology" and is a horrible commentary on modern societies values. Or a reflection of it - imitating it I suppose. "Magic" & "Yo" - The future is bright. I'm not sure. That's the job of art to reflect upon our culture to let people judge for themselves. I find it brilliant, disgusting, tempting and shocking all at once. I'm not sure if it's a civilization in decline and on the eve of revolution or if it's a beautiful thing. You don't get an emotional response from just saying "Pizza" and a price comes back and you reply with a "Yes/No" and then it arrives? Where is the service that says "Pizza" and "Yes/No" for me? Clearly that's the only place the form can go. I guess it's the infantilization of society? I'm not sure that much thought has been put into this. Should probably work out the CEO/CTO titles first, figure out where to get funding for this clearly multi-billion dollar opportunity and begin to plan the exit immediately. "Lady luck please let the dice stay hot..." "Why is buying flour okay, or dealing with the details of ordering pizza yourself okay, but handing off the last little bit of the pizza ordering is reflective of decay?" I think it has to do with the fact that you surrendered choice in where this pizza comes from. You have no agency in the quality, labor conditions, ingredients, etc of the pizza. You have reduced your "freedom OF choice" to "freedom FROM choice". Devo was right. As I mentioned in another post I'm not really dismissive (not entirely - but skeptical for sure) and I agree with you - who is to say that our assumptions based on old models were right? Part of our identity and love of capitalism is shopping as entertainment. We love advertising and responding to brands that we identify with. What if this is all a lie, as you imply? I just find it all very interesting. Freedom of choice was the old way. Freedom from choice could be the new way? I was sort of thinking the opposite here is more interesting. I just want to text to a blackbox: "FOOD" And a short time later food (possibly Soylent to keep the baby food aesthetic right) shows up. If I can do this while wearing a VR mask showing a strange new world with bigger people that talk, even better. I want to be an infant again. Maybe they can add a feature where it can hear me shriek out and automate this process. In your scenario the UX may be broken since Seamless can do this much faster I think? Good article in many ways but what I always feel like these commentaries miss is that many of us came from working class backgrounds and put ourselves into the middle classes. And we still identify with the working class and that it isn't a fetish but rather our roots. Say what you will about Western society but it does provide many opportunities for a working class kid to take agency and move themselves into the middle classes while still identifying with their upbringing too. I can afford nice things now, and I treat myself from time to time, but I (and many others I assume) haven't abandoned the things I grew up on either. That's a good point about Montezuma's Revenge, and similar games. Very rarely does a greedy algorithm help you in that game unlike in a breakout style game where you simply want to acquire as many points as quickly as possible. You own more than 5% of the company? With that stake you should be on the board if you exercised the options. There's only 20 5% owners in any company. Well, you have the right to exercise those options and then they become stock and you have a stake in the company. The nice part of it being an option is it grants you the right to invest in the company at a static price if you choose. And you choose to do this when the company is doing very well. There are no "farms" in NYC. They ship it do a garden in Red Hook. And let us hope this apparent "farm" doesn't use the polluted soil of that region. I've seen enthusiastic people growing vegetables in open fields in Williamsburg. That is a super fund site! Farming is hard, thankless work that entails high risk. What they do in Brooklyn is not farming. It is gardening. The Ops Manager tool does a lot of tasks for you automatically now. Upgrading, taking backups, recovery and deploying new servers into a new or existing cluster. These were the types of tasks that were a pain to do manually and even using config management/scripts, wasn't always easy to do. I don't know where they get the 95% number from, but Ops Manager tool does make operating MongoDB many times easier. It's a garden built on top of an old playground. Vegetables grown in NYC don't taste good either, unless you enjoy the taste of exhaust pipes and other local air pollutions. I'll add that what you guys do is awesome and great for the community. But I still refuse to eat food grown in NYC. This doesn't even make sense. So, if the kids in the back are playing games and the providers pay more to have access than the cars networked safety feature - we're in a worse off place. Also, I'm not so sure there are any issues with capacity and more is being added daily. Capacity for networked devices is not like making capacity for ambulances (not his analogy but essentially his point) and firetrucks. The second a government or any entity starts to decide what is first class, second class and n-class information and thus priority, the internet goes from a place of equality and freedom to a fascist place controlled by those who have dominion. You forget about taxes. By the time of exit the fair market value of the stock likely greatly exceeds option grant strikes to founders creating a massive tax liability in the form of capital gains. Likely in the hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars range. Yes that's an option if they planned well. But there still may be spread. Producing real goods leads to small margins. Materials, manufacturing and transporting are not cheap to do. Technology companies enjoy high valuations based on their generally very high margins. I hear you and I have been a fan of Go for awhile. But, it hasn't really done anything new, especially in regards to programming language theory over the last 30 odd years. It feels like another "developers, developers, developers" play and when you see ultra modern languages like Rust, you sort of get the feeling Go is half baked and without purpose. I'm a bit curious too - he seems to hate the idea a programming language thinks the developer is an idiot. Rust, for how perfect it really is, treats developers as humans. You must be smart if you can use it - but it doesn't trust you to have any idea what's really going on when a program gets large. This is a good thing IMO. Honestly, anyone who thinks Rust is trash is just wrong. I can get the argument that there just will never be enough people who can use Rust but having learned Go and then Rust - I have to say Rust is the most well designed programming language ever. I can't believe what's in it and it's far and away the most advanced programming language ever. It's hard to compile but when it does you have a good chance it's right. After using Rust I see no reason why C++ should exist any longer. Maybe in really limited embedded systems. Rust is so unbelievably safe to use in complex, efficient systems. Rust is, IMO, the state of the art in programming languages. Once you put the few months into actually getting OK at it you can write really great code, really fast and not be stuck with burdens since the compiler makes you write code that will work. I like Go and was seduced by channels and go routines. But, I found time to learn Rust (still learning really - Rust is an epic and amazingly rewarding to learn!) and have to admit Rust is far and away the most modern, state of the art and most important programming language of our time. Go compiles easily (pay for it later!) and is sponsored by Big-G. Rust doesn't compile easily but when it does there's a lot of guarantees. And, it does concurrency just as well. Apples to oranges really though. After picking up Rust I feel like Go just offers nothing. Why not use Java or .Net instead of Go? Highly unlikely Go will be more performant than the JVM. Want something less safe and easier to write in, why not use Python, etc? You can't write real time systems in Go and you never will be able to. You probably shouldn't write "systems" programs in Go. Go has a couple built-in features that other languages can and will get with library addition. Go is a 1-trick pony I feel sometimes. It's an "in thing" that doesn't serve much of a purpose overall I feel. It looks like C but lets face it, it's nothing like it in terms of performance and never will be. It isn't a replacement for C. Is it Google looking at the same strategy as Sun/Oracle and Microsoft? Who knows. But, after using it for awhile and letting the glimmer fade, it feels like a regression. Developers, developers, developers! The funny thing is, this is the first time I remember everyone speculating on if we are in a bubble or not. Once bitten, twice shy I suppose. But, I also think that although there is a lot of optimism a lot of it rightfully there. Technology has been creating a revolution in communication, media, entertainment and just about every other industry. The internet finally arrived for the masses in the mid-2000's followed by the smart phone revolution followed by tablets and smart devices. There's simply a lot of opportunity out there. I don't think we are in a bubble so much as in the middle of a rare technological revolution. So many things are happening at once between computer systems becoming so powerful and networks becoming so large and fast, etc. Old industries are dying while new, more profitable companies take over. I think that's an important thing though. Rust doesn't need to have concurrency built into the language like Go. With Go you are using their version of concurrency. With Rust, you can use the standard libraries or find another library that suits your purpose. So although Go does indeed have a well designed thread scheduler - I may discover after months of development on a project it isn't the thread system I need after all and now I'm stuck with a bunch of code I can't use. Rust in general is far more underdeveloped than everything you mentioned and yes, right now, Go is probably a better choice - maybe. So many cities/regions in the USA are simply broken by design in terms of having central business locations and urban sprawl living locations. Too many cities optimized around the highway which let greedy developers and poor urban planners dictate the present conditions of impossible congestion and the inability to have an effective mass transit system due to lack of population density. Simply put, that model doesn't scale and we are now seeing it affect more and more cities. Not to mention that urban sprawl is expensive to maintain in terms of roads, highways, sewers and utilities being consumed by people living so far apart and in low density areas. I propose we begin building planned cities focused on population density and mass transit that people actually want to use. Build up, not out. Share spaces like parks and have lots of little ones. Essentially, inherit from NYC where you don't have to, or even want to, own a car. I remember anxiously playing Mc Donald's flexi on my sisters Fisher Price record player. And then realizing, after we lost, it was just a crummy advertisement. Cynicism in me was born. That is based on a pre-2.0 version of MongoDB. The changes and vast improvements from that time to now are huge. MongoDB probably got a bit ahead of itself too fast - it wasn't mature and took a lot of development shortcuts to get features out fast and people started using it like a mature datastore too fast - and the company behind it didn't help either. But, without a doubt there have been vast improvements across the board and I give them credit for spending the last year and a half not adding many new features but rebuilding the codebase, making it extendable (pluggable storage engines is a cool thing) and addressing numerous issues. It still has some issues (b-trees aren't the best implementation imo) but the codebase is in a state where I expect over the next few years it will be quite reliable. The tooling around MongoDB has gotten better too. There's still a ton of ways to shoot yourself in the foot too but the defaults are more sensible I think now than then. What they got right is the clients are awesome and the query language is powerful - especially updates. This matters for a lot of people - it isn't just a drag race always in terms of performance. Now, with increased reliability it's becoming something usable for some use cases. If you've been looking to place bets on early stage companies that can boom or bust - often for little to no reason other than trending with the sector, biotech in the public markets has been the place to be the last few years. It very much is resembling the .com boom in internet related technology. RNAi has had some great moments the last few years in particular, and some spectacular busts and more great moments, for instance. But the public biotech sector as a whole has essentially been 1 big casino in the public markets. Even the ETF's are up a few hundred percent the last couple years. I believe there's one more huge parabolic move before it tumbles - we'll see. Anyways, my point is we like to focus on the VC bubble in technology but the real "frenzy" has been in biotech IPO's and early/mid stage clinical companies even though private equity technology gets all the bubble press. The doc's, and more specifically the tutorials, can be a bit stale. If you're referencing the one I think you are (building the number guessing game) it's old. I'm sure it will be updated eventually. [1] One of the hardest things about learning Rust right now is that because it is not 1.0, lots of the tutorials, sample code and 3rd-party documentation is outdated - or parts of it are. Learning Rust "the right way" will certainly get easier after 1.0 is finally out and reliable/stable the tutorials, code bases and doc's will follow. [1] I just checked and it is in fact updated. Indeed. So many times over the last few months things just suddenly broke. I understand and all but it will be nice to see some stability. I really feel the community, which is already awesome, will start to build new things at a rapid pace. Indeed, and a vast majority of early stage biotech's will simply contribute nothing. But then you get a story like Pharmasset which made any semi-early investor realize unbelievable gains in a very short period. But these stories are rare and it's pure speculation and the playing of market dynamics. But yes, it is expensive research and although these companies have been able to find funding in the public markets due to a healthy appetite of risk for these types of things, I fear that when this obvious bubble bursts it will be very hard to find funding and a lot of research will simply run out of runway. RNAi had a hot streak years ago and then had "dark ages" for quote a few years before it suddenly got hot again. And really the entire sector has been on fire. But I expect reality to take over soon and biotech will have some dark days ahead of it. But for now, the casino chugs along. Yeah, there's no way they will be able to easily merge into all the changes that have happened since MongoB 2.6 and now 3.0. They're pretty far behind. 2.6 introduced a lot of refactoring (and therefore broke a lot of things) and 3.0 broke even more I can only assume. However, I believe they could sell their storage engine as MongoDB exposes a storage engine API now. Then again, I don't know why anyone would buy it now. MongoDB has done a decent job of patching things up and I guess TokuMK just isn't as interesting as it was before. It's not a sandwich as it isn't made with some form of bread. At least according to the criteria the article uses - which I agree with. Exactly right. Who would ever tell a prospective employer what they are really making? I'd agree you should tell them a number close to what you expect to make if you switch companies. You'll possibly get an offer that exceeds you original goals. It's important to go into these things prepared and well researched. Until the API's begin to diverge - which will happen. Are you kidding me? This is a very common requirement and one of the reasons larger institutions are building out their own clouds. It's not a requirement for everyone of course, but it's certainly a common theme. But first they will need to offer a few more things: -Ability to set limits and stop losses -Ability to use margin -Ability to buy and sell call and put options -Ability to trade after hours -Ability to short (likely comes with margin) -Ability to set trailing losses -A better UI -Ability to analyze trades and examine bid/ask spreads I used Robin Hood a few months back and possibly it has gotten better and I'm sure the overall experience will get better. But since that experiment I cashed out of that account and just use my online brokerage account. I do look forward to a better experience down the road. Excellent. Might put some money back in it and try it out again. First rule of Portland: You don't tell people how nice Portland is. This is known as a "Greenshoe Option". It got the name from a company called "Green Shoe Manufacturing" which was the first company to allow this practice. I remember when Workday (WDAY) had its expiration coming up and there was a lot of speculation the stock would tank that day. The float was pretty small before the lockup and the thought was because of this the price was very inflated. It went down the first 10 minutes of trading but shot right back up as large buyers were waiting to see the price action that day and bought it up. The stock is up 75% or so since the lockup 2 years later. If it were as easy as shorting IPO's (or going long PUTS) near lockup, I'd be a billionaire. As you've pointed out - it's impossible to know what will happen, if anything (making a spread unplayable too) when the lockup expires. Good luck finding an underwriter willing to do that if you're not a company like Google. In my experience just now I think the "old system" and "new system" makes sense. After reading the problem my initial reaction was "8 & Blue". I thought about it for a couple seconds and immediately realized it would be "8 and Green", which was the correct answer. After taking a second to reason about the problem, the answer came and made sense. I guess that's why it's always good to take a second to choose your words, etc in day to day life? I'll never forget when Apple introduced iTunes (before the iPod) with the tagline "Rip, Mix and Burn". Classic Steve Jobs direct assault at an industry his company was about to take over. Looking back, seeing how the iPod was under development at this time puts the entire strategy together. Apple wasn't the first company to let you rip music, share it and burn CD's, etc but they were the one's who made it accessible to everyone with a seamless, fully integrated user experience. Users ripped all of their and their friends music, got used to the MP3 format and then the ease of buying MP3's from Apples store with iPod integration. Well, I believe the reason is because it is against the law. On a side note, I do think if a heroin dealer gave away a clean needle, that would be commendable. If you are willing to consider murdering your business competition, you are probably a sociopath. Indeed. I looked weird on my college campus with a Mac. However, after the iPod the idea of using a Mac became more acceptable I saw a lot more of them. Now they are ubiquitous - something I would not have imagined 15 years ago. Definitely. Some of my friends had an apartment together in college and they had a tower connected to their TV and stereo with 1000's of songs on it. This was 1999 and was a pretty impressive idea I soon aped. Needless to say, small parties, LAN parties and get-togethers at my college apartment (really a huge place with 5 bedrooms, 2 living rooms) were awesome for the time. Yes - every shop/restaurant/store/etc I went into used them -from low end to high end. They are ubiquitous in Japan. It took a minute to get used to it as I'm used to handing money to people in the USA. I found some of the people I exchanged with would hand me the money back, hand-to-hand even though I used a tray. It doesn't end there - business cards, receipts and numerous other things have a very specific way of being exchanged that were different to me. But all very cool and novel for me. Definitely worth reading up on some of the basic customs if you travel there. There was a high tolerance for foreigners not knowing how to do things the "proper way" but it's always good to at least learn a bit and try. I'm happy to hear the culture at your company has improved but I don't know if Microsoft is considered "cool" - or whatever that means. Anyone who has been around long enough (and not really that long all things considered) knows better than to ever trust Microsoft. Their whole model has been, and always will be: "Embrace, extend, extinguish". So Microsoft is opening some things up? They've had no choice as they are being left behind more and more. They know the modern developer is not as interested in an expensive IDE and MSDN account when there are many alternatives. We are creating so much more software than before and the top down model Microsoft sold has become niche after many years of dominance. Any open project Microsoft gets involved in and any open standard they get involved in should come with a warning label. Why? Because this is in their DNA. You can't just tear down some 4-story building and put up sky scrappers. There is a maximum density capacity that a lot of Manhattan already exceeds. The trains, sewers and electrical requirements need to be thought of too. Especially the trains which are already way over capacity. Look at what has happened in Williamsburg and the L-train. As more and more warehouses have been converted into apartments and new condo's have gone up, the L-train has become awful for large parts of the day. And the train runs as often as possible during those times. I'm not saying you can't do these things but I do think other things need to be considered. I don't think that's entirely true. Almost every new building has to have 20% of the capacity rented to "Affordable living" standards - far below market rate. We've already seen many isolated corrections in the public market over the last few years. 3D printing has corrected in a massive way. Biotech had a big correction a bit over a year ago, however it has recovered and continues to rally. Solar suffered a correction recently and many small to mid-cap technology companies had a correction about 1.5 years ago too. Apple even saw an isolated correction a couple years ago. That is one reason I believe the public markets are in fact healthy. Sectors have been allowed to correct on their own instead of everything just failing in a systemic way. http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/whdfs13.pdf I think there's a very good argument for Uber having to treat the drivers as employees. They are dependent on Uber and Uber sets the amount they will earn. They would more likely be contractors if the drivers set their own rates and Uber would choose who they wanted to drive. Doesn't Uber also try to restrict who they can drive for too? Additionally, Uber's business relies entirely on the labor of the drivers. Uber also supervises the employees in-part by the rating system. In terms of buying their own equipment - this is not an uncommon thing in many trades. Mechanics have to buy their own tools. Many machinists buy their own tools. Truth is there is a lot of gray area here but I can see interpretation both ways. I do hope the drivers in California take this opportunity to organize as quickly as possible and begin collective bargaining with Uber. I'd set Uber's value at less than one billion if this happened. Exactly. Independent contractors set their own pricing. If Uber would allow the drivers to set their rates and then "hire" who they felt was best for them (and then markup the price to the customer for their own profit) only then would the drivers be in control of payment. This is how every other independent contractor works. Just throwing a hypothetical out there. What if this sticks and the drivers decide to organize with a union and collectively bargain a living wage, benefits, etc? What would be the value of Uber (and related businesses)? Would it stay in business even? How many VC's would lose fortunes over Uber going nearly to 0? Would this be the popping of what some suspect is a private equity bubble as the effects of this ripple throughout? Regardless, it would be a very different business with a very different valuation. I don't believe self driving cars will be practical in the next 10 years. Not at the level Uber would benefit. I don't understand why self driving cars are good for Uber. Uber is successful right now due to he network effect of their drivers. Once self driving cars are a reality you will see numerous offers for this service with all of them racing to the bottom. Bigger fish like Apple and Google would be able to siege them and starve them out as pricing races to the bottom. Uber is valuable because of their drivers, not despite their drivers. In the age of self driving cars - Uber won't be able to compete. Uber won't be able to compete in the age of automated drivers. Uber is successful because of their drivers, not despite them. The network effect of having the most drivers lets Uber maintain its dominance in the market. Autos as a Service will be a race to the bottom and there will be a smaller gateway to entry than there is now. Uber is a bad investment. Transport automation is indeed coming. This is even worse for Uber as their main asset right now is their network of drivers. When transport automation is mainstream (still pretty far away) these services will create a race to the bottom as the barrier to entry is very low. Bigger wallets than Uber can price them out. It's still a race to the bottom. Competitors will compete on price (the only thing that really matters at that point) and those with larger wallets or who manufacturer the automated cars (or likely both) will be able to out-price them. That won't be static in the age automated vehicles. Vehicles will be networked and this dynamic will change constantly. Uber's ride data is useless at that point. You may have to pay PMI if you don't have 20% equity. This can cost you a lot of money over time - especially if it will take you years to get 20% equity. And it likely will take you a long time due to the fact that mortgages are structured such that you're mainly paying interest on the loan the first few years creating nearly no equity. So if you buy a house with 10% down if may take you many years to get to 20% equity while paying PMI all the while. And exposing yourself to more foreclosure risk. If you don't have 150k (plus another 50k for buffer) liquid then you probably can't afford the 750k home and look for something cheaper or continue to rent and invest the difference between rent and mortgage to possibly stay ahead of the property values of your area. However, YMMV. Indeed - but now you are a speculator. There is no guarantee that the value will go up, that you will be able to refinance, that your credit will be any good then, that you will even have a job among a myriad of other things. I don't believe the typical person should take on that type of incredible risk. Uber does give you the ability to choose higher quality if you'd like. An UberX is a low quality ride by a likely inexperienced driver with the benefit that it is cheap. An Uber Black gives you a nicer car with a very likely (but not necessarily, but in my experience they are professional private limo drivers) experienced driver. I agree on our societies approach to "value" only relating to cost at the expense of quality - but that's a different topic all together. This is why the over regulated environment you probably loathe exists. Businesses are simply not able to self-regulate due to their greed and lack of social empathy and therefore the will of the people (government) have to regulate them - possibly into non-existence. You will be the victim of your own hubris when the populist majority brings the pitchforks and sucks you dry. And you should know better - the government mainly exists to subsidize outsized risks and ventures by those with influence - the wealthy. With that - you are trying to destory the existing banking structure so more power to you. When they clear their shelves of all the soda, sugary and corn based snacks and fake medications (homeopathic garbage) then I'll begin to take their concern for health seriously. Obesity and diabetes is a far greater health risk than cigarettes. Cigarettes are awful for many reasons and they smell bad but corn and HFCS based foods make sick and kill a lot more people (and cost society much more!) than cigarettes. It's no wonder than countries with high rates of smoking (France, Japan) who have diets that lack all the garbage the CVS's of the world peddle have some of the highest life expectancies. Smokers are just an easy, minority target to vilify and it needs to stop. There's no guarantee they are going to finish that project either! I certainly hope they do as that are of Manhattan desperately needs another line. The time and costs though - it makes you wonder how we used to be able to build things and now we can't so easily. This is why you don't test in production. With any "all you can eat" scenario - especially high valued ones, it may be best to cap the number of participants so you can at least observe their behavior and cap your risk. It would also help with price discovery so you can truly calculate the value you are offering and price accordingly. This was voted down and is something of an inflammatory comment but there's truth to it. You see it throughout the Valley and the entire Bay Area. It's why there is little density in the Valley in my opinion, why the public transit isn't very good among other things. I'm afraid it's hard to change. People who paid so much for their Valley homes certainly do not like the idea of the supply dramatically increasing and their pleasant, small communities becoming drastically urbanized. And I understand that. But the progressive nature of this area has always seemed face value to me as an outsider who travels to this region often. It's incredibly nice here but I believe it is time to begin building lots of high rises (scaled for quakes) in some city near SF and urbanizing areas while creating mix zoned housing and commercial similar to what you'd see in NYC. It's time for an experiment like that in the Valley somewhere. Capital gains taxes. When the "fair market value" of the company increases away from your strike price, when you exercise your options you have to pay tax on the difference between your strike price and the fair market value. And it will be a short term capital gain so it isn't cheap. If those .20 options of your have a fair market value of 5.00 now, you will owe tax on 4.80 of capital gains. 4.80 * 100,000 is 480,000.00 and a tax rate of about 40% on that means you will owe $192,000.00 in taxes to exercises $20,000.00 in options. So you will need around $210,000.00 to get out. And even after that you're holding a non-liquid asset which could be diluted to nothing or the company could simply fail and you can't dump the stock. Honestly, that would be a great place to start. Build lots of streets with high rises with light rail and commercial and residential stacked. With a location near Palo Alto/Stanford and the region I would bet it becomes unbelievably high in demand. Obviously this could never happen there! Compound interest accumulation, over a long enough period of time has historically ended in blood & ashes and redistribution. 3D Systems stock (DDD) over the last 3.5 years has been a classic example of a bubble. A case studio, really. It has been amazing and educational following this stock the last 4 or so years. Hence the need and desire for approximation algorithms. Often, you can give up a tiny amount of precision in exchange for dramatically increased performance - if you can make an assumption. For instance, computing cardinality of a value over a huge dataset (distributed or otherwise) that is assumed to be evenly distributed would take memory proportional to the size of the dataset for 100% precision. Implementing a cardinality approximation algorithm like HyperLogLog++ lets you get a pretty close to accurate result for this calculation but with far fewer resources. There are many others and I think it is important to consider this trade off when it is appropriate. Of course, it makes an assumption that the data is distributed more or less evenly. I learned a lot in my CS program I probably never would have discovered by myself and much of it is foundational skills I subconsciously use when solving problems. I also understand what the trade offs that need to be made and where my optimization time should be spent. When in college I did a whole lot of programming using version control (CVS in my time, kids have it good today!), API's and various programming languages. I didn't need my college to teach me these things. It was the application of what I was learning in school. Also, in college we had a Software Engineering course elective, a Testing course elective and some other more practical course electives that most people took because it was, well, practical skills. So I think a decent mix of theory and practical skills are best but the it is also up to the student to engage themselves outside their program to learn "real world" skills. That's especially easy for students today with tools like Github and OSS becoming such a huge thing. Amazing how you can actually see the volcano explosion's blast radius push the clouds away. Seriously. I know lists like this are always subjective and there's some great (and awful literature, but mainly great) in this list. But omitting "Slaughterhouse-Five" not only for its content but the post modern aesthetic (which was a big deal at the time) it used, is confusing. And although I wouldn't expect it, there should be some Bukowski on this list too. Also, Gravity's Rainbow? In fact some would say the stock is trading at these levels due to a prolonged 2-year short squeeze. The initial squeeze brought in new retail (and institution) investors forcing margin calls which in turned raised the price more creating more short sellers and retail longs. I bought stock and options when this was trading at 35 and sold at around 140 as I put my fair market value at about 125 for this company. Would gladly reenter at that price. It isn't much different than an escalator. Escalators are fairly unsafe and not very accessible with children and the elderly the most common victims in terms of injury and death. Quite a few people die every year on escalator's from tripping, falling and other things. I don't work there but 1 note about support plans at companies: You will get what you pay for. If you have an SLA of 1 hour you will get your reply in an hour. If you don't have that (lets say you have a 12 hour SLA) the team, even if they can answer your question right away, is likely going to hold off on it for awhile because you haven't paid for that level of service. It's also protection as their response could lead to another reply from you and possibly a call would have to be scheduled and then meanwhile a few important tickets from clients that pay for the extra service come in and now they are backed up. Sales guys should be calling you constantly though! My parents still use an old G4 tower of mine I got in 1999/2000. They mainly use an iPad but they use it from time to time for accounting things and basic tasks an iPad can't handle. Honestly, the case is still unbelievably cool looking. I want it when they eventually decide to get rid of it. Keep in mind that the same job often pays considerably less in London than it does in San Francisco. And I'm not referring to taxes but actual salaries. I've known quite a few folks who have taken pay cuts when moving to London and folks who have received considerable pay increases moving to a major city like San Francisco or NYC from London. I believe that raising interest rates would cause a pretty large fall in housing prices in cities that have large foreign ownership. With interest rates rising, the bid for housing will drop accordingly and many of these investment properties would immediately be put on the market to extract full value from them which would cause a glut of supply. This would further cause prices to fall. This would be a good time for someone with a huge cash downpayment (or cash outright) and the prospect of actually living in the place full time to purchase a property in these areas. Honestly, until then it makes more sense to rent if you can't afford to pay cash outright due to maintenance fees, property taxes and so on. In NYC buying a condo with 20% down is foolish right now, for instance. Especially if interest rates do indeed begin to rise. Better off saving as much cash as possible and waiting for rates to rise which should cause plenty of investment properties that are rarely lived in to go on the market to quickly harvest the proceeds. I think it goes for other industries too. My wife who works in finance and accounting makes quite a bit more in NYC than she did in London, even for similar roles in similar industries. But you may have a point in that London being the only game in town has a lot of competition among the workforce. Also, I believe it costs much more to employ someone there and there are many more protection for employees. For instance, it is very difficult to fire someone in the UK and it is not that way in the USA. I think you touched on a key point a lot of people don't consider. Not all data is the same nor does it have to be treated the same. Many distributed systems will choke on a piece of data here and there and may not give the appropriate response. But you need to consider what you're working on and if that's OK from time to time given the advantages the system you're considering offers. What might be considered an appropriate data store for one data set may not be for another. And the type of information a lot of distributed systems are handling are far from bank accounts, for example. And if you're handling ultra important, sensitive data there are techniques that have been available for many years (two phase commit, for example) that can help. I love this series but I'm blown away by how many engineers here automatically assume a system is a failure because it doesn't pass a certain type of test from time to time. I do agree with the series that the marketing materials shouldn't claim things, however. Companies should be honest with what their systems weaknesses currently are. There are a lot of edge cases that could go wrong there such as people who live right near a timezone border. Not to mention VPN's, etc. Giving a direct time and timezone prevents a lot of potential issues and mitigates a lot of risk. A worthy optimization for this case I suspect. Sounds like a good idea to me. Have both, put the countdown under the time and date. Yup. When jobs announced the iPod at a special event most people said "big deal, it's an MP3 player". What they didn't look at was how great the UI was, how well it integrated with their Mac (and eventually PC) and how much better the same features that already existed elsewhere were. I believe the same rules apply here. And the app store will be the best in town. Again. Which is odd because you would think a community like this the actors would be forward thinking and try and see what the possibilities are. The lack of creativity isn't unique to this place or generation - Slashdot had similar sentiments years ago when they still mattered. I think because they often focus on function and do not consider form as an important factor - which has proven to be wrong time and again. Form and function are one. Form and function are both equally important. Not that Apple has perfect UI's (The clock dial is awful) but I feel like the ideas expressed in this article are that a UI should be designed as if the user is always using it for the first time. And that simply isn't true. With such a small screen a lot of things need to be considered, such as how easy is it to press a button without moving the hand and if this means sacrificing some natural ease of use - so be it. The user will still quickly learn how the UI works and adapt quickly. That is known as "form follows function" and one philosophy. The philosophy I stated is "form and function are one" which came about after the former. But it's important to consider that form and function are not necessarily separate things and that beauty is not only decoration. Read this article, in particular this [1] section. [1] http://alistapart.com/article/indefenseofeyecandy#section3 And here's a nice quote: “…users judge the relevancy of identical search results from different search engines based on the brand…Participants in the study indicated that the results from Google and Yahoo were superior to identical results found through Windows Live or a generic search engine.” Not only that but people using 2 products with the exact same function but different form not only prefer using the one with better form but actually encounter fewer difficulties and have a better experience. [1] Or this bit [2]. Read the entire article, but this is where those bits were from. [1] http://alistapart.com/article/indefenseofeyecandy#section7 [2] http://alistapart.com/article/indefenseofeyecandy#section3 Why? Have you studied this? Have you read research that proves otherwise? When did I suggest form interferes with function? The idea that form and function are one says functionality and form are equally important. And there's good reason for this when humans are using your device. I believe your bias comes from your position as someone who's work is create functionality. You see that as the complete product and by virtue of your intimacy with it, the most important. But you're missing the entire picture. Start reading here [1] and I suggest you read the entire article. [1] http://alistapart.com/article/indefenseofeyecandy#section3 There's actually a lot to study backed by quantitive evidence. Your business will suffer if you only focus on the function and fail to consider form. Do you think the Tesla Model S would have been a success had it the same design and form as previous attempts at an EV? The function of the car was far superior, obviously but the form was as well. Both of these elements matter and if you only have 1 or the other, you lose. I think that's the entire point of "they're one". You're not working with a finite amount of status points here. Giving to one does not take away from the other and if it is then you're doing it wrong. The idea is that the form does in fact matter. A lot. But form at the expense of function would be function follows form which, although a philosophy, is probably suboptimal. What I'm trying to say is you don't say "lets make it work" and think of the form as an afterthought - as a "nice to have". We need to make it work and make it beautiful. Both are important and comprise the essence of what we are trying to build. Otherwise what's the point? Publicly traded companies get sued all the time for misleading investors. Happens in biotech very often. Is that so? I always figured it's worse to think you know something when you don't than to not know something and know you don't. I admire the sentiment but I have to believe that at any scale someone qualified to teach CS would be doing something a bit more lucrative than teaching public school. Altruism is a beautiful thing, and something I wish I had more of, but let's face it: it's easier to demand this than to actually deliver it. I imagine that when our industry has the next culling, public interest in CS will wane as usual until the next revolution is quickly unleashed by software fueled technology. Even within the company they are. I was speaking with 2 different groups at the same time from Apple and they had to ask me certain questions about their particular projects secretly while the other group was in the room. I had an NDA so I could know both sides but I could not discuss one groups project with the other. You're right in that some instruments don't really add value. They're a bet. Credit default swaps for mortgages didn't even exist really until some smart speculators noticed that the bond market for mortgages was unstable (and full of deceit) and only needed a bit of default to create a cascading waterfall of default which nearly took down the entire financial system. Honestly, CDR's were a good idea but it made no sense for the same banks to sell them that were also baking the mortgages. It would be like selling insurance on your own car. If you crash you are out a car and have to pay someone else! It would have made sense for banks to hedge their mortgages by buying CDR's from other investors. But then, that would have affected their bottom lines and they just plain got greedy. HFT is debatable as many claim it creates liquidity. I'm not sure I buy that but I also wouldn't confuse HFT with financial instruments. For instance, packaging mortgages into rated bonds of various risk tranches in the 1970's was a brilliant innovation which enable more people to qualify for loans as their risk was distributed and sliced up among many parties. Of course, that system broke down after being abused - but the initial concept still survives and is remarkable. Other instruments like derivatives allow for affordable hedges, the ability to buy and sell at a future price you want or collect premium on that offer. They aren't just for speculators. The average NYC taxi driver does not own a medallion. A couple years ago they traded hands for $1,000,000.00. Most of them are owned by companies which have many hundreds if not thousands of them. These companies rent the medallion for 12 hour blocks to drivers and would charge them between $175-250 per block. Before Uber there were many more drivers than medallions and drivers would bid the price of renting the medallion for 12 hours up! Drivers who worked full time and took a few weeks off would spend around $40,000.00/year on renting the medallion. A cab that was rented for 24 hours/day all year would easily generate $90,000.00/year for the owner of the medallion. With Uber the companies that own the medallions (and more so those that took massive loans to acquire them) are the ones hurting. The drivers are just fine, if not better. And even taxi drivers I've spoken with like Uber because medallion owners are desperate for drivers now and are charging $100-$150/12 hours. They just want to get the cars out of the garage. Uber drivers expenses that are different from cab drivers include a car mainly. Something that costs far less than the money they gave medallion owners and something they can write off big parts of on their taxes. And they can use it on their free time. That's a good point. It still costs far less than what they would pay a medallion owner, however. And they get a car. I'm not Japanese (but have visited) and I agree - the blackboard photo was heart breaking and beautiful all at once. I hope that piece gets preserved somehow. Yup. The Bay Area needs to start aggressively building up. The people already there have to give it up and realize their little California suburb isn't that anymore. Those scared that building up will lower their property values need to relax. Population density will bring more value and thus more desire to live in an area raising the property values of locals. A house that sells for 1.5 million right now could be sitting on a piece of land worth 50 million if a high rise wanted to use it. Hemingway was quite aware he was not a great father and it killed him. He was a selfish guy, a raging alcoholic and one of the most talented American writers of all time. His books to this day reflect that moment in time. They stand the test of time well. I'm not sure he would be the artist he was without all his flaws. I agree, we're all people. We should all try our best to be good people but at various times we have all been weak, scummy, etc. The good person reflects on those times and tries to improve. Work and save money before you enter a University. If you work and save for 2 years after high school you gain many advantages: 1) You will save some money to pay for school. 2) Because you are a bit older a new world of grants are available to you since you are returning to education. 3) Because your income will probably be fairly low you will qualify for more grants due to this fact. 4) Gives you time to figure out what you want to go to school for and possibly make you take it more seriously when you start. Another option is to join the military and qualify for a lot of additional grants that way. 4 years of service opens a lot of doors. There are many non-combat roles available. There are many ways for the poor to advance themselves and not cripple themselves financially for the next 40 years. A few people commenting this has not been their experience. It has been my experience in the NYC area. It could be a NYC thing. We have an abundance of taxi's so it very well could mean enough people just drop Uber and grab a cab instead. This would quickly lower the demand in an area. It might also have to do with the density dynamics of NYC. Ubers are constantly going into and out of designated areas that surge pricing zones. It won't take long for a few Ubers to roll into the zone where there is a surge. Things work differently in NYC due to the density and relative small area of Manhattan. It's even better for the taxi drivers who have to rent the medallions for 12 hour shifts. There were more drivers than taxi's until recently and drivers would bid the rental prices up. It was either that or they didn't make any money. Now garages sit with extra cars. Instead of paying up to $250 for a shift drivers now have the power and can pick between garages and get a car for $125 now. That's money directly in their pocket. Every NYC cabbie I've spoken to who doesn't own a medallion loves Uber for precisely this reason. I'm sure it will balance out but certainly not in the garages favor. But for people with a hack license and an Uber account, they have the power to pick and choose which option serves them best today and that might mean driving a cab one day and driving their Uber the next. It's for precisely this reason I can't see why the left tends to be suspicious of Uber in NYC. I think it's great drivers have agency. You are actually taking on more risk than if you had some invested in different vehicles. The truth is you're losing more money by not having any of it generating higher potential yields. Likewise, putting all your money in higher yielding vehicles (for instance, call options) is a lot of risk too. There's a calculus to understanding how much you should have put into different vehicles (including cash in a savings account) to take on the most conservative position. The way you're playing is you are forfeiting and losing by taking on more risk than you think. It's weird to think about but you need to factor in inflation and cash becomes worth less when it is just sitting there. It isn't volatile but it is mainly deterministic. Some diversity in your arrangements would protect you better. I think the audience on this site is mainly out of touch. When you're making a fine salary it's easy to forget that most people don't. When you're spending your time looking up at those above you and positioning to get to their level (because upward mobility is an option) it's easy to forget to look at the piles of people below you where it isn't It's easy to assume throwing $100 around here or there is normal when you're able to throw $800 on an impulse iPhone without a problem. Many people can't. I'm probably just as guilty too. Because they could use their paycheck and hit a payday loan store and begin to fall behind on other things. If you're living paycheck to paycheck a bit of time will let you figure it out but you don't have the cash today to pay a small bill. You shouldn't assume most people have much in the name of savings, much less capital. Think about it. If you've got nothing and few prospects to ever have anything then why even care? You might as well get some bit of happiness from something since everything else is awful. People want to feel good. Were you poor or just broke while you were young? Poverty is far different from being in college and not making much. Poverty is much different than being short on cash. Poverty includes having limited options ahead of you and the prospect of always being poor. You're parsing wrong here. It means people don't have that much liquid. As in saved. One warning about pie charts in many visualization applications today is you are often looking at how the terms in the chart relate to each other. Not over the set of all terms. If I want to draw a pie chart of the top-5 terms for some field and the chart represents just those terms, then the chart represents how they compare against each other - not necessarily how those top-5 terms compare against the entire set. I know, sounds obvious but I've seen data misinterpreted because of this. The pie chart must represent the entire set and if you're plotting a subset of the data in the chart and ignoring the rest then your visualization may not say what you think it says. It's unfortunate the children of the future will not get that joke. You shouldn't ever have to move out of someones way if they are not walking. I live in NYC so perhaps my perception is skewed but pedestrians should always have the right of way. Don't move for runners, bikes (shouldn't on sidewalks unless it's a kid) or these things. It's up to the user to manage themselves and prevent themselves from hitting and potentially hurting others. I see these around here and there, more and more, and don't mind them for now but if we start to get a problem with users hitting people then I'll support a sidewalk ban on them. What does "likely not a good area" mean? In NYC there are plenty of "nice areas" that don't have major chain stores. In many cities this is the case. I grow tired of the underlying racism people exhibit (such as yours) without even being aware of it. You're probably not a blatant racist but I think a lot of people from mainstream white culture need to start inspecting and criticizing their view of the world a bit more. There are a lot of good people living in what you call "not a good area". The USGS learns about earthquakes in regions without censors via Twitter. [1] I'm of the opinion we have only scratched the surface of what is possible to predict by analyzing realtime data from social networks, user groups and message board communities. [1] https://blog.twitter.com/2015/usgs-twitter-data-earthquake-d... Indeed I did! It's conjecture at this point to say anyone who programmed the ECU to do this knew what they were doing. Saying that, it is likely they did know but this comes from above. There's a few psychology experiments that show many humans will do things they know are wrong or immoral when an authority figure tells them to do it even though they don't want to do it. The Milgram Experiment, for instance, comes to this conclusion, among others. Peer pressure and obedience of authority are real phenomenons and that starts with the leadership that needs to be held accountable. Hearing an authority figure pass the blame to someone at the bottom is disgusting and barking up the wrong tree I believe. I am not a psychologist, nor did I even take 101 in college, but I don't know if the Milgram Experiment came to a conclusion about perceived personality types. I did have a passing interest in these types of experiments for a few hours and read overviews and conclusions to them and I believe I recall "agreeableness" being something humans strive for to get accepted into a group. The Asch experiment in the 1950's showed people will purposely give the wrong answer if others in the group gave the wrong answer to a basic perception question. [1] "Assholes", in your context would be people that don't fit the "culture" of the companies "group". Possibly off topic, but it's one of the reasons I always get a bit nervous when companies define their "culture". [1] https://explorable.com/asch-experiment It depends on where you live. In NYC it is hard to find a place without a broker in many neighborhoods. I found an apartment on Craigslist a few years ago and was surprised I was able to get it. Often, Craigslist is full of broker spam disguised as a landlord listing an apartment or the apartment is simply taken up by someone right away. The other option is to find a building managed by a larger company. They almost always have "0 fee rentals". However, they often cost more too since they tend to have many facilities. Honestly, many landlords like the broker system because brokers weed out bad renters by referencing their credit and arranging all the paper work and the landlord doesn't really have to do anything. The tenant pays all the fees and as this article pointed out, the landlord may in fact receive kickbacks. At least in the NYC area, I don't expect brokers to go away any time soon. NYC is a beast upon itself in the housing world for renting and buying. I would love to see brokers go away, however. I have a suspicion they largely drive up rent prices as they can create an artificially small market and because they rely on inefficient methods, tenants are really only able to visit a small subset of places and brokers can get them to bid against each other. This creates an artificially small market that is largely in the landlords favor. They also will usually not show you places unless you are ready to move in by the end of the month which creates time pressure and panic in renters which, as you guessed, artificially drives up rent. Probably eventually but as the author notes there is a large pile of bodies where enterprising companies trying to reform the broker model used to stand. It's hard and landlords are mostly not interested in changing a system that has worked in their favor for years with people they have personal relationships with. Brokers have keys to the apartments too. This is not easily disrupted. Karl Marx saw a couple flaws in Capitalism, similar to what we practice today. I think he's right about one and wrong about the other. And the part he's right about is what people find unfair. He's right in that Capitalism is not about marking up a product to generate a profit by taking the cost of the goods and the labor to produce it but rather by paying labor less than what their labor is worth. And this is what bothers people. It isn't fair. And they are helpless to change it. And it is what is happening more and more. And the eventuality of it is Capitalism will eat itself as those without will be large enough in numbers where they assume power. Those which did the exploiting will either have their heads rolled or at the very least made impotent and marginalized. This is revolution and leads to Socialism and eventually Communism. The second part Marx argues is that only the State can sort out the best way to distribute means and goods - that the free market is too chaotic. This I disagree with and I think time has shown this to be false. The state will eventually be corrupt if it isn't already. And whose to say what is best for one person is also the best for the other? So, the free market exists where people can pick and choose. They have freedom. This allows some to have more than others and I think people are in fact OK with that. In fact I think people want that because we believe in getting what you're worth. Its just they don't want their own labor to be discounted to the point of being exploited - which is happening more and more with through wage suppression via policy or globalism which has displaced a lot of people very quickly, even if it might eventually benefit everyone as a whole. Because of policy, as I stated. They can't negotiate a better deal because the labor pool they are competing with is global. So they are now valued less and feel it is unfair. I'm not here preaching socialism. I'm just saying a near term effect of rampant globalization is people are going to be displaced and feel they are being exploited. I think this is where unrest comes from. Thanks. It's amazing to see how many folks in the tech industry don't see this when the whole idea of H1B visas is to get workers that can easily be exploited over here. Especially since the first attempt in the late 90's of out sourcing failed. But out sourcing has worked fabulously for many other industries. And although I agree globalization has many benefits the side effect is many displaced people today seething with anger as the capitalist class gets wealthier. That anger will turn to pitch forks when there's enough of them. to compete with people around the world means to be exploited here and policy doesn't help it so people feel they are not allowed to participate in society fairly. Capitalists (including me) need to behave otherwise revolution will come and our bourgeois heads will roll. The theory might be sound but the effects of policy unilaterally advantage the capitalist at the expense of the local worker. This is why people feel they are being treated unfairly. They are competing with other groups around the world who haven't caught up yet. I believe we will eventually progress to the mean here but until then there are people feeling cheated. The trade agreements and bank bailouts did not consider the displacement in the near term and thus has created a growing group that is angry due to feeling that the system is not fair. And the money earned with labor is taxed heavily while the money earned with capital is taxed minimally. This seems fair? Not an 18th century French style revolution but similar results I can easily imagine. What you'll end up with is a state which becomes more and more Socialist. This is a prediction Marx made about Capitalism. It will eventually result in many more have-nots than haves and the have-nots will either through violent revolution or political policy enact Socialism. It is not an outcome we want but it is up to the capital class to ensure this doesn't happen by regulating themselves well enough so everyone feels they are getting a fair piece of the pie. My point is, there is a balance somewhere between chaotic growth at any cost with its wealth generation and ensuring people can participate fairly and share the results and have equity in the future. They make their money on a few things outside the profit from the can, which is in fact very low. They make a killing on your trade-in. They make a killing on extended warranties on used cars. They make a killing on maintenance and oil changes and the packages they sell around these things. So although in general they make more than $200 or whatever on the new car sale, they make their real money on everything else around it. I agree. I love Apple's products but to be honest it is a bit frustrating sometimes when OSX doesn't interface with iOS. Rail is still incredibly cheap and efficient in the USA. In fact, the USA has some of the most cost effective freight rail in the world. [1] Rail freight is also quite a bit larger than truck freight in the USA. A lot of things are railed across in an intermodal and then hitched onto a truck for regional delivery. [2] In short, rail freight is massive in the USA and our primary mode of goods transportation. [1] https://www.aar.org/BackgroundPapers/Cost%20Effectiveness%20... [2] https://www.fra.dot.gov/Page/P0362 No idea. I've always taken the train from Seattle to Portland. It's across the board in technology mainly. Tableau was beaten down pretty badly until they recently made the case all too obvious they're ripping the cover off the ball. Other names like Hortonworks (at IPO level today) and New Relic (great quarter, improved guidance but smacked down today) have had better than expected results and are not getting much love from the public markets. If software was truly in a bubble we'd see biotech prices in the public markets where companies like Stripe would be valued at 12 billion right now. I think it's a good time to begin collecting long term positions in some of these small cap tech companies that have been offering IPO's as they may not be "cheap" but they are massive growth stories and certainly and bubbly. Some names have done well though like Tableau and Palo Alto Networks. It's a mixed bag. Right. The stock flopped because it came out at a time when Facebook was still trying to transition to mobile. Their revenue from PC's was fine but they seemed to be missing the boat on mobile revenue and analysts were unconvinced they could monetize mobile. Then they had a quarterly report that blew the lid off of mobile revenue and since then the stock has been a rocket. They executed mobile well and that's what the market was looking for. They've only gotten stronger as Twitter has floundered after coming out strong. I do not have a position in Twitter but if they figure out how to add users (what Wall St. wants to see) they too will explode higher. They have said they do not expect any significant user growth this year and not until some time next year as new strategies get put in place. If my wife starts using Twitter then I'll load up on the stock. Kibana 3 and earlier was a plugin for Elasticsearch. However, Kibana 4 is a stand alone application. Also, Kibana 4 uses Elasticsearch aggregations instead of Lucene Facets. I played SC2 heavily when it came out and for some time after and I loved it. But you're right - the game does not allow someone to be casual or even semi-casual. It is an unbelievably stressful game and you have to not only master all 3 races abilities but understand numerous and ever changing strategies around them, have excellent macro skills and understand timings, etc. If you don't keep up aggressively with practice and all these other things you'll simply get slaughtered over and over. And although their rating system tries to pair you up it has become harder and harder to find casual players. I think it's one of the best games ever made and I love watching the top players to this day even though I do not play any longer. But I wish they could come out with a scaled down version with fewer units, easier macro and certain rules in place to limit cheese play, etc. Have smart units or something where different strategies can be used throughout a game and various units will intelligently play a certain role of scouting, attacking, defending, etc. The truth is the game is amazing because of its difficulty and also unplayable for most people for the same reason. I am not "gosu". I have a life and can't play for hours every day - or every day for that matter. Not at all. They are investing their profits into scaling and growing the business. This will be a great litmus test for relatively new and growing technology companies to determine when it's right to IPO in this market. There have been a number of recent IPO's from companies with great growth but no profits to show for it. The market has mainly rejected these companies and the companies are trading near IPO levels or below. Some of them after taking a down round to go public even, such as HDP. Atlasssian is showing very good growth and profits, however modest (which they should be for them - reinvesting in the company is the best action right now), which I assume would end up with a pretty decent multiple. My midline would be a 4 billion market cap based on current growth trajectory, current and potential earnings (and their reinvestment in the business) and cash on hand which should limit and sort of second round any time in the foreseeable future. This isn't based on PE (it would be extremely high right now) but rather the revenue growth and cash stability to allow sustainable reinvestment in the companies marketing, R&D and sales departments. It's a bit over 10x forward revenue. SPLK is up about 60% since their debut in 2012 after gaining more than 150% and then coming back to reality where it is today - up 60%. Wouldn't call it sideways. HDP on the other hand is pretty much where it started. I agree. It will likely be seen as a massive scam. Ideas are cheap. Technology is hard. I'm not even sure it's her fault or the fools who gave a 20 year old billions of dollars to startup a healthcare company. What could go wrong? I could be totally off base here, but couldn't people without access to a good grocery store just buy their groceries online and have them delivered? Does it cost more to have groceries shipped? I understand Co-Op's offer more cheaply priced groceries and that's a great community project so I'm not suggesting Co-Op's have no point. They're great things. I'm just wondering what the difference between big box grocery stores and online grocery delivery is? New money mistake. You don't change the world by putting your money into non-profits but rather cultivating a dynasty that has tentacles in business, government and thus policy. You consolidate this kind of wealth into the proper channels to influence public opinion and thus a much greater sum (measured in trillions) over a greater time to get the real change you believe in. It's a good gesture but a losing strategy. But it's his money to do as he pleases so, cheers Zuck. As someone who rents from Equity Residential in NYC I will move to another apartment if they open my building up to this. It is illegal in NYC to rent an apartment for less than 30 days and is enforced by many landlords. If Airbnb is trying to convince landlords to look the other way, I find that disgusting. I don't want my building to be a hotel. I don't want random people in my building. The idea that landlords can rationalize steeply raising rents with the expectation that tenants will find the money by letting someone crash on their couch for a few days every month to make it up is dehumanizing. Will this be exploited by the 20% of affordable housing units in these buildings paying well below market rates? All Uber drivers in the NYC area are licensed livery drivers and Uber is no different than any other car service. Airbnb is trying to turn buildings zoned for residential living into commercial hotels, which is illegal. However, the cost of the home in many markets will have decreased slightly as a result. Getting an apartment at a fraction of the market rate is not capitalism. It wouldn't be right for someone given this type of apartment to exploit it for profit considering there are thousands of other people who would qualify for these apartments and not take advantage of it. It has happened in Queens already and I believe the tenants have been evicted. Such a foolish choice considering the money they would have saved over the years. What do "white people" have to do with anything here? I agree 100% with this. Employees should be suspicious that they have access to an investment nobody else does - invest now! I've seen countless friends get burned in various ways believing they would be getting rich soon from their options and then fizzle. Either through the company just never having a liquidity event or being sold for less than previous valuation rounds. The worst is I've seen people reject job offers that were far superior in cash compensation because they had a recent big option grant. A friend of mine stayed on at a place even though he didn't get a cash raise but instead was given some options that vested over a few years in addition to the options he already had, some of which were vested. Did it not ring a bell that a company that can't give him cash but can instead offer compensation out of thin air in the form of options is in trouble? And then there are the golden handcuffs were an employee is scared to leave because their options have too high a fair market value and their tax costs would be considerable. Further limiting their career growth. I've seen the other side too where friends have taken home a really nice pay day after liquidity - but it is the exception and not the rule. I recommend joining young companies that are willing to pay you a lot of cash for your exceptional ability and experience (execution is critical at this stage across the entire company from engineering to sales) and maybe take it easy on the option grants. Some stock is fun but don't count on getting rich on it. If you really believe in the company and it's a rocket ship (some rockets explode mid-flight or stall though!) then I'd recommend buying some shares early on to hedge for the reason you state. But I probably would't early exercise 4 years of options on your first day at the company. Fair Market Value drives the value of common shares, not preferred share costs. FMV is derived using a formula the IRS has to project what a share in the company is worth and it is usually far less than what the latest investors paid. Indeed. Smart, young companies are refusing preferred share investments and are willing to keep their valuation lower because of that. It's true that you're selling a larger portion of your future for less money in many ways, but you protect the founders and original investors as well as the employees too. Huge growth is important but it's also important to be smart about it. Selling a part of your company for a bit less if often better than mortgaging the common shares. It's true, the media loves the story of the regular folks who struck gold when their company went public and that resonates with typical employees who don't understand the financial constructs that make up many VC deals. ""Companies will still raise funding, but at lower valuations," says Arianna Simpson, a Silicon Valley-based investor." I wonder if this means companies have gotten wise to the bad deals they were signing just to get a high valuation and are agreeing to lower valuations but not giving up preferred stock that is so powerful. I know a few smaller companies that have done this and prefer to not make headlines with sky high valuations that everyone knows are meaningless. This is a good thing. Exchange rates are killing them. The strong USD is cutting into profits in a major way. With iPad, Mac and now iPhone showing flat (and negative) growth I would expect a fairly flat stock price for the time being. When/If the USD begins to lose value to other currencies I'd call that a good time to consider to build a position in AAPL. I don't have a position but was hoping for a big win this quarter. AAPL exemplifies a lot of the issues many companies are having because of exchange rates and I do not expect the broader market to do much better for awhile. Especially with so much foreign debt in USD, a lot of companies are going to have a hard time paying off bonds and loans, hurting their ability to grow. They aren't growing is the problem. But more importantly when you look at their numbers in China you can see the global slowdown. It's bad for all global companies. As for bonds, I meant by foreign companies. Many bonds have been written with USD which are now becoming painful to payoff as their own currencies are not valued well against the USD. That's the part that scares me a bit. Not for Apple's sake but as a confirmation of the general global economic slowdown we are likely in right now. The recovery has hit a bump it might appear. I agree. What this graph is missing is "relevancy". It's much easier to detect fraud when not looking at population numbers or a basic graph since these often lead to super nodes and if someone wants to cover their tracks it is easy for them to avoid creating super nodes, as you've described. However, with relevancy in a graph we can detect this type of fraud significantly better as we can begin to find relationships that stick out and are uncommonly common to each other. Which is pointless since they had a great earnings report, were cash flow positive for the quarter and raised their guidance. Additionally they mentioned in the call that no sector is more than 20% of their customers so they are diversified if a certain sector really tanks - like tech. They have 180 million in the bank so won't need credit markets any time soon and gradually approaching profitability. Disclaimer: I have a position in NEWR and added today at the 21 level. This will certainly bounce back in the comings months or years. Will add if the irrationality continues. It's trading at about 6x revenue right now and even lower when looking at forward revenues. Their growth is tremendous and are on a path to profitability. I get it - when the market are getting banged around like it is, there are few safe places. I just think the baby is being thrown out with the bath water in a lot cases. I'm using this to average down a bit and hold. Like most of these things, this calculator makes some broad assumptions. For instance, it assumes transportation costs in Manhattan are higher than most other places. This is unbelievably inaccurate in my experience. Maybe it assumes people here take taxis all over the place? I've found transportation to be cheaper in NYC than anywhere else in the USA. No car or gasoline or insurance or maintenance, etc. A car costs on average about 9k/year to own according to AAA. In a place like NYC if you take the Subway every day your cost is about 1,300/year. Throw in a few hundred for cabs and you're looking at 1,800/year. It doesn't cover the rent gap compared to most places but it helps. In effect this calculator says a salary in Chicago goes nearly twice as far (so if you make 200k in NYC that would be 106k in Chicago. In my experience that is simply untrue. 200k in NYC would be closer to 170k in Chicago. I think this calculator is making the assumption someone would require the same resources, like a car in all places. Or that someone who had 1600 square feet of living space would expect the same in NYC, which would be ridiculous. No reasonable person would assume they would move to NYC and get a car and garage it. That simply isn't the typical lifestyle here. Most my friends born and raised in the city don't even have licenses. It also claims that living in San Francisco is significantly cheaper than NYC which is untrue as well. I don't think you can put a static time on how long you should be at a company. If you're at a company that is still growing, increasing revenues and/or profits, increasing head count which leads to relatively fast promotions and bonuses and "going the right way", it's very likely worth staying at. Why introduce unnecessary risk? The trick is knowing when to abandon ship and to get out before it's a depressing place to be. It doesn't mean you shouldn't be willing to talk to other companies. But I'd not always recommend the grass is always greener. Cheap meals with low quality ingredients sitting in a warm box being driven around all day in some random persons car didn't appeal to people? Chicago is so incredibly cheap compared to NYC or SF. You can actually afford to own something in the most desirable parts of Chicago and can still have the benefit of not having to own a car in many cases. I thought about relocating to Chicago (it's a great, underrated city) and was shocked how cheap the rent was in places like Lincoln Park. I could just buy a place. I can't say that about NYC or SF where rents are more than double. What you pay $3,300.00/month for in NYC or SF you can get for $1,500.00/month in Chicago. Places I looked at also included parking. In a place like NYC or SF a parking spot can cost over $800.00/month. There's just so many wealthy people in NYC and SF and so much more demand for limited living space. Cost of living will influence salaries a lot. I agree. When I was doing an apartment search I started to realize renting wasn't worth it in Chicago if you have the funds to buy. My goal was to find a 6 month lease so I could figure out where I wanted to buy. I'm a city guy so the 'burbs aren't for me. I've heard that condo's are being built rather rapidly in the city so the demand curve has stayed steady resulting in stable and affordable prices. I wish I could say the same about NYC. Even as more and more places are being built there are more and more people moving here keeping demand unbelievably high. But alas, the move was not to be (for now anyways). Good luck on the search - NYC is its own animal when it comes to real estate. $700,000 isn't going find much except maybe a studio. I've seen 1 bedrooms in that range but they are generally undesirable units in an otherwise nice building. Plus you still have the maintenance fee's and taxes. I'm not an expert but my opinion is the NYC housing market isn't a deal right now or even a fair value. I'm not saying it's a bubble, but it's certainly not cheap. If I stay here I'm just going to keep saving and see if I get lucky with a housing dip and my savings intact. Plus, if you buy into a co-op (more common in Manhattan I believe) the purchase requirements are steep. Often 30% down, 2 years mortgage/maintenance/taxes in liquid cash available, among other things. High entry requirements but creates some stability. I really think renting is cheaper than buying in NYC right now when you factor in all the costs. You get a nice tax write off with owning, to be sure, but it's a wash I've figured. I don't see how prices can keep getting higher and higher right now. But I thought that 4 years ago too in places in Brooklyn and I was wrong. What's funny is my only other real option is to move to London since my wife is from there and would eventually like to move back I think. Their housing market is in fact a bubble and I simply wouldn't buy anywhere near there right now. Not to mention even if you have every lined up you can still get rejected by the co-op board and they don't have to give a reason. They go through all your personal details and it's a bit odd living with a bunch of people who know everything about you but you're not able to learn anything about them. 20% down is usually the bottom. A lot of places want 25% or 30% down and there's also a chance you're going against someone with 100% cash and the board will pick them nearly every time. Lastly, if you're using every dime you have so you get a mortgage well over 500k that may be a bad choice. The opportunity cost of tying that much cash up into a mortgage is a lot of risk (all your net worth in 1 investment) and you're unable to use that cash to make other investments and leverage them if need be. You will never find a co-op that lets you be a member at 10%. 20% is the minimum I've seen and usually you're looking at 25% or 30%. And there's a chance someone with all cash will simply be a better fit for them. Please find me a Co-Op in NYC that lets you in with 10%. In general, yes. But keep in mind that the Elasticsearch JVM GC could fire up right after the document is indexed and possibly run for a few seconds if there is a lot of memory pressure. When the GC is done Elasticsearch will continue to process queries but it may be the indexed data hasn't been refreshed yet. So, a query run "1 second" after the index operation may not in fact return the document. However, this would be a very rare case. I've used Lyft a few times recently. I'm a little suspicious Uber is using surge fair tactics on users that have agreed to the pricing in the past when there is in fact no surge occurring. When traveling for work I often use Uber and recently there was consistent surge pricing. The first day it made sense since it was raining. But then the next few times I used it there was surge pricing - not much, like 1.1x or 1.3x. I agreed because it wasn't too much more and I needed to get to my meetings and it can be expensed. I mentioned to my Uber driver there was a surge and he said it didn't come up as a surge for him. The next trip later that day the surge was 2.2x But then when I got back home I noticed every time I've brought the Uber app up there is a "surge". Even during fine weather and non-traditional surge times. I look outside and there are taxis available (NYC) and I opened Lyft and there were plenty of options without any surge. It was probably bad luck (I don't really think they'd get that greedy that quickly) but it made me try Lyft and I had the exact same experience as Uber. I suppose this is the market at work. Even the precheck lines have gotten out of hand in a few places I've been lately. In some cases it has been slower with so many people signed up and far less capacity to serve them. The best time to hire the very best is when the industry craters. Google and Facebook both rose from the ashes of 2 separate crashes and were able to hire unbelievable talent at a discount in part because the demand was so low. The best time to create or join a startup is when the industry is broken. The best to invest is then too. Or an A.I. telling us what to make. Anecdotally I think Europeans are more likely to self medicate with alcohol and cigarettes rather than prescription pills which are more common in the USA. In my experience the culture around having a few drinks after work and even having the occasional cigarette is far more relaxed in the European countries I've been to than just about anywhere in the USA. But as I've said, I have zero evidence that any of this is even true - just my observations however well travelled I am. I was waiting for someone to mention that. Home ownership is expensive and makes you inflexible. Also, consider property taxes (which will scale with inflation) and the fact home owners insurance is more expensive than renters. And besides finance you need to consider if you want the responsibility of owning a home. Cutting the grass, shoveling snow, cleaning gutters, fixing things, painting, etc. It's a lot of work. Owning makes sense for some people but there are a lot of benefits to not having to spend your life taking care of a building. I think it's important to not conflate being a landlord (investment and business) with buying a home to live in. The Bay Area is but a single market and not representative of all markets. There are many more markets that haven't seen similar growth. The Bat Area is the exception. If you are paying off a home and you lose your job, if you've leveraged yourself like many home buyers have then you might lose your home! Especially if you lose your job because the economy tanked and home prices have ranked leaving you underwater owing more than the home is worth. And then the bank takes the home back and your entire investment is wiped out. Look to 2009 for an example of this. And rents dropped significantly at that time. The opportunity cost of tying up a solid down payment needs to be considered too. 200k down could be used in other places too. I think most people who buy with 20% or less down don't understand how leveraged and dangerous their position is. Lastly if buying a home was a good way to get rich then we'd have a whole lot more wealthy people. It's not a bad thing at all and for certain people in certain positions it's a good thing. If you can buy with cash and have at least 40% of your bankroll left afterwards then yeah it makes sense. If you plan on staying in a place forever (laying down roots) and can afford 30% down and still have 2 years of mortgage payments in a cash savings account it makes sense. I feel like a lot of people buy homes because they just think that's what you do. A home has meaning to a lot of people. But the opportunity costs and risks are large and the rewards are generally a wash with renting long term in most markets with the exception of places that get a 30 year boom or other rare real estate lottery scenarios. There are ways to win but 10% down and a 30 year mortgage is rarely it. No doubt and didn't mean that as a slight to people who take pleasure in maintaining their property. In fact I admire lovely landscaping and can see myself wanting to do that one day perhaps. Bit harsh, no? They have every right to participate in the global market and it sounds like they're rather forward looking. Agreed. In addition to constructing scientifically valid experiments to gain insight into the dangers of guns as it relates to policy there should also be funds for researching if more guns make people safer, if gun-free zones are more dangerous and things of that nature. Everyone needs to set aside their opinions and emotions and we would all be better if we gathered data objectively and studied it. It depends, especially on the sector. Experimental Biotech companies will do many secondary offerings throughout their existence. In this case the underwriter who controlled this IPO likely has what is known as a "green shoe". The green shoe is an agreement to sell more shares (up to 15%) after the IPO and they acquire them from the company at the IPO price. This means the bank could sell 15% more stock that wasn't part of the original IPO at current market prices and only have to pay the company the original IPO price. The company raises more money and the underwriter makes more profit. This happens when there is a successful IPO where the market prices the stock higher than the IPO price. Sortition is just too corruptible and disagreeable I would think. You can sample a society and "educate" them but then that process will forever be under fire too. I believe that in a democracy things should be hard to change. Changing things should take a super majority. This will lead to more compromise and possibly better results for all. If there was a 2/3 requirement to change things then there would be little room for controversial changes to occur that cause an uproar among the citizenship. There would be more cooperation because to change something you'd need to compromise with your opponent for them to get a change they want instead of trying to get a slim majority in the government by election, etc. If this principal was applied in the first place the UK never would have joined the EU and Brexit wouldn't have ever even been an issue. In fact, many of the things a lot of people find disagreeable wouldn't have happened. We are divided because we let our form of democracy divide us. For sure and maybe 2/3 is too high. Certainly if you impose too low a barrier you get unrest as well - as we are witnessing across democracies today. I would love to see a study that uses the scientific method to determine what the best percentage is for keeping the most people happy. My gut tells my 70% is too high and 50% is too low but that's conjecture. > In Pokemon Go i haven't found them worth it yet, but that may come later. It's not a requirement but I highly recommend to people to buy some "Lucky Eggs (2X XP for 30 minutes) and extra "Incense" (attract more Pokemon for 30 minutes) and use them together in the early game. The reason why is that you get 2X the experience for discovering a new Pokemon which you will do a lot of early on. By doubling that further you save a ton of time in getting to a reasonably high level and collecting a lot of Pokemon quickly. I'd also buy some "Egg Incubators". You get 1 for free and it has infinite uses. The ones you can buy get 3 uses before they "break". My advice is to use the infinite one on all eggs that will hatch after 2km of walking and use the breakable ones on 5km and 10km eggs. You get more use out of them this way. And eggs can hatch new Pokemon which benefit from the bonus described above. For a few dollars you'll save many, many hours which to me at least makes the game more enjoyable. Good idea. I haven't evolved many of my Pokemon's yet. Just saving the dust and candy for when I want to evolve higher level captures I'll get later. Of course, at some point you need to figure out when it makes sense to just start evolving! But, I'll certainly use this idea when that time comes! You're not. You're paying to play it more efficiently. I could spend 30 minutes collecting 8 Pokemon (lets say that gives you 3000XP) or I could use that same 30 minutes to collect 16 of them and double my XP on top of that (giving you 12,000XP). This lets me play the game faster. You aren't buying anything other than the ability to do more with less time. You don't have to buy anything and the experience is just fine. There is nor requirement to buy anything - the game leaves plenty to do. It's just the option is there if you want to go faster. Also, it's a free game. If they charged $60, then I'd get your point. But the game is based on a "Freemium" model like tons of other software. Many of the old listed homes are in fact wood frames. My wife's parents have a home with parts built in the 1400's! Extensions were added on over the years (and they were able to add on their own tasteful extension) but the wood supports and frame are obvious as they show. And they're beautiful, massive pieces of wood that have supported the structure for hundreds of years and will for hundreds more. However, it would be impractical to use those techniques today. Does anyone have a list of modern alternative (experimental even) protocols out there? They should have known better to give such a persistent business man as your father a franchise. His ambition was indicative of someone who would betray them in their time of weakness. And this is in no way an indictment of your fathers excellent business skill. A very well informed and aware shop owner indeed! If you're staying at a large brand (Marriott, Starwood,etc) just ask the front desk for toothpaste. They will give you a few single use packets for free. I get 2 or 3 uses from each packet. They have packets available. You get 2 or 3 uses from them. Every major hotel brand I've stayed at has them for free if you just ask the front desk. If you're at your max level then you need to have been profitable quite awhile ago. They aren't and have never really been close. And if they were to go for profit now they'd be worth of a market cap of a couple billion - many times lower than what they are now. I have to agree here a bit. However, there was nothing stoping Rethink from building their own service and promoting it as the "official" RethinkDB service. They have the unique opportunity of making it better than any other service by: -Updating the service the day new versions go GA -Faster turn around on breaking changes -Ability to provide authentic expert support -Ability to provide additional functionality power users would pay for and 3rd parties like compose would not implement They wouldn't capture the entire market but they could be the leader in it. The open source business model is hard enough. It becomes very difficult when every other Cloud simply wants to offer your product and you capture none of that. And then the project dies and no one wins. Open source companies need to be the leaders of their tools, provide the best services around them and differentiate their offering from the open source code base. If you can't do that you won't have a company. Asking for donations is not a business model. RethinkDB was a good database with a bad business. I have to assume they'll have a "Migrating To Compose MongoDB" article in a few months... I'm not sure if they do but how much does Compose actually contribute to the project? Will they contribute in the future? Are they simply a parasite or will they invest in their business by improving the software they sell? If they won't then I would never use them for anything as they are providing a service for a product they have no control over and no desire to invest in and improve and I'm not interested in tying my business to that. I guess the alternative is to not try, put all your resources into making Aphyr cultists happy and then going out of business a few months later. Built on top of existing cloud architecture and with a few experienced developers a cloud service can be made available in months. mLab didn't take years to build it and get it right, for instance. And those folks were a tiny operation years ago when they started. I'm not discounting the effort but I've been around that effort and have seen DB-As-A-Service go live with a couple smart people in a matter of months. AWS API's, containers, Zookeeper and come Python and you're well on your way. Again - it's hard but so is making a DB of Rethink's quality. It can be done, however. You start small and you go from there. You exploit your advantages as you build a fantastic product over time. I'm not saying a SAAS would have saved them as I'm pretty sure their biggest issue is adoption in the first place. But there's something to be said about your business plan when someone hosting your software is doing well why you, the owner, has to find a new job. Exactaly. It would have given them a chance. Some runway. The alternative is obviously to go out of business. If they were anything like the other OS infrastructure software companies I've been around then consulting at this stage was the last thing their investors wanted this business to be. Consulting is not a business model you invest in. Anymore than 15-20% of revenue from the consulting practice is a business model that does not scale or have high margins and is not worthy of much valuation. Consulting makes sense when your software business is driving and you're looking for a bit of fat around the edges. Look at RHT's 10-Q's, for instance. Which should be seen as an advantage, right? I'm guessing their employees and founders who are left with little to nothing would have been better off not squandering the last 2 years of their professional lives. Fail fast, right? That's a great attitude and you all have so much to be proud of. You did something and made something pretty cool. Good luck. With enough money invested I find Betterments fees very reasonable. Especially when you consider features such as tax loss harvesting. Is that something that requires little to no time if you actively manage your index funds? Maybe there are tools which aid you with that? Believe me, Jim Simons didn't rely on luck. He's a mathematics genius and rather creative. You could say he was lucky in that he sort of pioneered the entire algorithmic trading thing and was well ahead of the curve because of that. It was simply low hanging fruit for a long time before others began to catch on. Math is hard work. I was bad at math. I went to college a couple years after I graduated high school where I made little effort to challenge myself. But after figuring things out, at 20 I decided I wanted to do computer science as I enjoyed some of the programming skills I picked up (C++ of all things!). I was very unprepared for the math part of it and it was hard. I tested into a remedial math level and when I looked at the CS requirement I knew that wouldn't be a good way to start. So I bought a used math book and spent a few weeks studying hard so I could get into a decent math placement so I could be where I needed for CS. This was just the start. I had a long road with a lot of frustration but I made it. I made it because I never worked so hard at something up to that point in my life. There were times I thought it was hopeless but I just continued to do rote math problems, over and over again. And slowly the concepts started to sink in more and more. But there was always the frustration of missing the little details and forgetting a concept or not having enough experience honing a certain skill. But if I kept at it, over and over again, I would learn it and it suddenly became easy. I was "bad at math". It would have been so easy to quit and try something else. But I knew I wanted to not only pass my tests but really understand the calculus and differentials, etc I had to do. And it was the best thing I ever did for myself. Not only does working so hard at something prove you can work hard and achieve something but it shapes the way you see the world. Math is hard. Some of us just have to work harder. People should realize that failing is normal and if you keep at it you will eventually get it. For some people it takes longer than others. I could never create math. But with enough time I believe I could eventually truly learn anything because of this experience. I mainly agree but I believe the narcissism is in the parents more than the children. It is then passed on to the children. No one wants to just admit their kid is pretty average or below average at certain things. They believe they have failed themselves and that there is no way that their offspring could just be a regular person. Of course it has become harder to be a regular person and have a fine life in modern, Western society. We don't have the regular person jobs anymore that a regular person who is pretty average can take up like they could generations ago. The stakes are high and a smaller and smaller group of high achievers, or what appear to be high achievers get all the spoils. A parent has an instinct to make every effort to guide their offspring to that to the point you get average kids who honestly believe they are well above average. It has been reenforced. I mean that's really the problem. For some reason we think things will just make sense once we are taught the lesson and we try an exercise. But that's so often not the case. Accept you'll never be the genius who creates new things - maybe you will but put that aside. Focus on trying hard and committing yourself. It doesn't matter if it's math or cooking food, the more you try it and think of it and accept failure the better you'll be. Accept your limits as a creator but never accept that you can't understand a concept if you spend the time you personally need at it. A well cooked meal and wine - my greatest joys in life. Simple, romantic and fulfilling. Add butter. Add cream. A beautiful pan sauce from a well timed reduction. A cool glass of white wine in the hot kitchen as all the flavors come together. The scent of fresh cut shallots still lingering as the garlic in the pan sweats. I don't judge anyone for making food and drink a footnote in their life. I enjoy cooking as much as eating but I don't expect anyone else to enjoy either of those, much less both. But I must admit, I sure don't understand the sacrifices of taste, scent, sight, texture and accomplishment for productivity or convenience. Perhaps this is a reduction of the "Chicken McNugget"? Isn't this why we invented the "sandwich"? I agree so much! Many chefs, when asked what they love most the answer is simple. It's almost always some form of an egg. Great food doesn't have to be expensive or with win or be complex. In fact, very often the best things are simple and fast. We live in an era where these things are readily available and they're really easy to make and to be delicious thanks to an abundance of spices and endless styles of fats. I enjoy so much an egg fried in a small amount of butter until the edges are crispy on a piece of rye toast. A slice of tomato with a dash of ground pepper on top. Total cost: 50 cents tops? Total time: 4 minutes? Dishes: A non-stick pan that takes 10 seconds to clean? It has never been more accessible or easy to not only cook but discover how to cook thanks to global shipping and the Internet than today. And we are left with a slurry of questionable nutrients as the future? OK fine - but I refuse. Sure. One of the hardest things when reducing a sauce is to not stop to soon and to not go too far. If you stop too soon you can use a roux or more crudely use flour or starch to thicken the sauce. If you go to far you end up with a glaze. You could add stock or water to thin, however. A well timed reduction, in my opinion, you end up with a sauce that is "nappe". But the trick is knowing when you're there. An interesting thing about reducing a liquid is that as it reduces further it reduces faster as there is less liquid but the same amount of heat. So there is the critical moment where you go "just far enough" and your sauce is perfect. Too far and you have a glaze or a burned sauce. Not far enough and and the flavors are not blended and concentrated. I've found in cooking that stopping just before you think something is done is a good heuristic. IT keeps cooking for a bit longer. Timing this can be hard has there is a small window between not reduced enough and too much. It goes fast near the end. A classic "happens slowly, then all at once". No, way more simple! But closest to a "gravy-like sauce". But you have a lot of room for improvisation once you master the basic technique. One of the beauties of classical French cooking is that it is simple. It is based on this premise of simplicity. One of the easiest things to learn is a "pan sauce". After that you might learn to make the 5 mother sauces which are super simple too. What this means is you cook the meat, generally on high heat, in a pan with a fat such as oil and/or butter and when it is done you remove the meat and put it aside. The pan will have crisply bits on the bottom. In French, this is known as "fond". This is good stuff! After you remove the meat and reduce the heat and you put in a "mirexpox" which is usually some onions or shallots, some diced carrots and some fine diced celery. But really, whatever you want! You're using less heat so they just slowly brown for about 4 minutes or so. This is called "sweating". Now the magic happens. You crank the heat back up and "deglaze" by adding wine, vinegar, water or whatever. What happens is all the bits that are stuck to the bottom of the pan come off. You use a flat edged wooden spoon to help scrape them off and they come off easily. This is where a ton of flavor lives. You keep the heat on high and let your wine or whatever reduce a bit. It cleans your pan too. Then you add some meat stock - chicken, beef, veal, etc. Stir everything around a bit and let it reduce. It should boil and steam. Over time the water evaporates and you get to a point where you have a thick sauce that isn't too thick but not watery. In some cases you could add a roux (flour and butter mixture) to thicken. Add some herbs like thyme if that sounds good. When it's at the right thickness you take off the heat and pour through a strainer and add some butter and stir to thicken. Discard the parts you used to help flavor the sauce like the carrots, onions, etc. Or keep them if you like them! Up to your taste! Now you pour over your meat and whatever else. It's pure flavor and dead simple. And this is but one technique you can play on many ways. You want a link? Google "pan sauce" and dive in. It is the easiest way to make a basic meal into a gourmet meal I think. Steak, pork, chicken or whatever. I mean I think you're right. You can have it all and we do today. An amazing supply line of ingredients from around the world and endless great recipes and education on technique on the Internet. We can have our cake and eat, both in the kitchen and the bedroom. Rejoice! Isn't this why we invented the "multivitamin"? Isn't Soylent equivalent to a supplement in essence? It's a base diffused with certain nutrients. Why is this different than a sandwich and a vitamin in terms of nutrition? Or even more, how is it different from a vitamin? Indeed it can. There are vegetable stocks (and you can make your own if you're really into it) and you can create "fond" from many vegetables. Onion in particular likes to leave sticky bits if you overcook it a bit. BTW, don't use non-stick pans if you're trying to make a pan sauce! If you really care about cooking at home you should buy some good tools. All-Clad stainless steal is generally good. I have Falk copper but that's probably not a good place to start due to the price. But good cookware matters quite a bit. A cheap $30 pan is OK to boil water in but won't work well for a lot of decent coking. You could also take pride in cleaning and maintaining your tools. It's rather fast if you don't burn your food and if you use proper cleaning agents like "Barkeepers Friend" when soap isn't appropriate. I wish I could have wine with every meal. However, with breakfast that might just be superfluous. I eat all types of food and because I live in Manhattan I sure am fortunate to have all types of food nearby. I do enjoy fast food from time to time. Is a well made pastrami on on rye fast food? I do know it's delicious. So is a Big Mac for what it's worth. I probably don't eat many rich lunches. Sandwiches work there. I don't think you need to have a Full English Breakfast, Croque Monsieur and some type of Béchamel based dinner every day. You also don't have to snack on garbage between meals. Just because you make a meat and reduce a sauce from the drippings doesn't mean it's a rich meal. Served with 2 vegetables you have a rather lightweight meal. Especially when you control for portions. 1/3 pound of meat might be good enough. Moderation. Soylent is to food as Theranos is to blood tests. A place the Valley Way has no business in. A focus on fat in the morning, then vinegar in the afternoon and finally umami in the evening would serve me well. All between 2 pieces of appropriate bread. It sounds crazy, yes. I imagine you're exposing it to a ton of oxygen very rapidly. Not just letting the wine breath but hyper ventilating it! I suppose you could pour it in a carafe and shake it as well. But trying a blender sounds like fun! There's lots of great cheese made in the USA. In fact one of them just won the "World Championship" in cheese: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/wisconsin-cheese-world-c... Food in America has gone through a revolution in the last 20 or so years. American beer used to be considered awful and now is considered the best, most innovative and most complex by many people around the world. Our wines used to be considered awful until the 1980's and now many of them are respected and globally accepted as great. New American Cuisine and it's offsprings have eclipsed French cooking in many respects. Although it owes so much to French cooking to be fair. Yes, university is disgustingly expensive here, however. After WW2 the USA figured out how to industrialize and process food. We took the model used to feed soldiers and converted it into something for everyday people in the home. The advertising to support this painted the kitchen as a bleak, difficult place where failure was imminent. Instead of being a place of joy and culture it was a disaster waiting to happen. The new alternative was to buy these processed foods as they were guaranteed to work and were convenient. In the 1950's it did in fact probably seem really innovative and novel. This model was highly successful as it brought down prices, increased profits and liberated women from the kitchen. As more and more people didn't have the time to shop for good food and cook it this processed food industry got larger and larger until it became the dominant food culture in the country. Think of an America food store today and the entire middle of it is all processed foods in boxes, cans, refrigerated and any other form. In the 1970's it became even simpler with the promise of "we'll cook it for you" and the fast food restaurant was born. These restaurants use the same processing techniques but also have the ability to have some industrial kitchen equipment to make the food taste less "TV Dinner" like. The problem with all of this is these foods are not only filled with tons of chemicals and other agents but they're packed with salt and sugar. The foods also aren't prepared right. To you point of bread: Bread was industrialized and processed. If you look at a loaf of bread and read the ingredients you'll see 25 or more things in it! They even were able to breed yeast which could make the bread rise faster which actually is bad as the gluten doesn't develop correctly this way. This isn't bread - it's like you described and it is awful. Using a sour dough culture and making real bread was replaced with this. It's no wonder we have so many people who claim to have a gluten allergy today. This never happened before and it's because of the way the food made and what is in it. It's no wonder we have kids with type 2 diabetes. It's no wonder people have digestive and heart issues at a rate much higher than ever before. So yeah to get away from that there's a "slow food" movement and "organic" and all the other labels. What's funny is this is what the rest of the world called "cooking" for thousands of years. We are only now discovering this at large levels here. But lets face it, it isn't like industrialized food is going away. In fact it's growing. We've outsourced cooking and this is the result. And the cost of ingredients has risen where as fast food has gotten cheaper over the last 30 years, adjusted for inflation. And there's the gap you're talking about. But this is creeping across the world. Europe has had a big taste of this and it's growing quickly. Places like India now are changing this way too. What's in those boxes will just be adapted to local pallets. It's really a destruction of cultures I believe. Might be a good time to take a short out on AMZN. Trump promised they will be investigated for antitrust. A home is more than an investment. You live in it. Homes aren't competing with other investments, they're competing with renting or being homeless in some form. And after taxes on your gains you can pay your rent and live for free. Sounds similar but I guess that's the market at work. > Why do many people think food should be immune from innovation? Food has been innovated on massively over the last 70 years. From the way it is produced to shipped and stored and finally how it is prepared. The industrialization of food has produced instant meals, TV dinners, fast food and led a mono agriculture policy. A lot of what is labeled as a particular type of food isn't even what it says it is. Look at a loaf of bread sitting on the shelf. It will have 20+ ingredients! Many of them synthetic or unnatural. And it's not just these things added but the process of how it is made that it makes it "not bread". And that's just the start. The way animals are raised and pumped full of drugs because of this method of raising them. The packages of pre-made food that is full of a list of who knows what to add color and consistency and preservation. The food industry has been plenty innovating. Between packaged and ready made food and fast food restaurants selling inexpensive meals the innovation is there and widely accepted. The problem is a lot of this stuff is bad for people and responsible for many health problems today and honestly it mainly tastes awful (that parts an opinion to be sure, but it's no wonder that "American food" has such a low opinion around the world). The food industry had a revolution and it optimized for low price and convenience as people were sold a message that planning, buying ingredients, cooking and washing dishes is a hassle and not something to be proud of and to enjoy. I live in Manhattan and don't have much space but I can cook without hassle. If I had kids I'd be cooking with them and teaching them the value of it. Look at what is inside it and what it does to you and how it is manufactured. Look at a load of Wonder Bread. It used refined white flour with no bran or germ - the healthy parts. Why would they do this? Because it gives the bread a longer shelf life - what you consider a feature. You've sacrificed any bit of nutrition so it keeps on the shelf longer. Sugar is in it. Sugar. In bread. As if the white flour starch isn't bad enough for you as it turns into sugar but then actual sugar is added. No wonder diabetes is such a problem. Where's the fiber? Well, that's added later and in measly amounts so it can actually be called "bread". There is hardly any nutrition in this bread. And you admitted you didn't even know that. It was designed to be profitable - not in any way be nutritious. "Make it better" - for who? The 4 years olds with diabetes? Why do you assume others think there is an "evil conspiracy"? Of course there isn't. Food is a business and profits will be put ahead of nutrition. Look, I like the fact that people don't starve. That poor people can get the nutrients and vitamins they need. Everything in the industrial food revolution was designed to make food cheaper for consumers. But there's a cost to that too. And early onset diabetes, heart failure for people in their 40's and other health issues are only part of the price. It's not chemophobia - at least not for me. It's the breaking of the marketing we've been sold that cooking is hard, that cooking is very time consuming and that prepared industrialized food is just as good for you. As for the bread example, it isn't bread. And it could only be labeled bread after these manufactured lobbied government and the FDA in the 1940's to allow it to be called bread. Yeah, there's a lot of snobbery around slow food and natural food. A lot of that is class distinction I assume and it's annoying. But I don't think you need to buy that kind of stuff. Get the vegetables that aren't organic. Buy meat that isn't "free range". But by all means buy quality ingredients and learn to cook for yourself a couple meals a week. >People used to be very happy about those additions in the past, when they could relate to more "natural" food and its problems. This makes no sense at all. People were happy for the convenience and sold the lie that cooking is hard and a waste of time when you can just buy this processed food and eat it right now. You are either a sadly ignorant person or a troll. Possibly both. Part of it is folks in the UK, and even London in particular, get paid quite a bit less than Americans. My wife is from the UK and has worked in London and NYC and she makes quite a bit more money in NYC. She has told me there's no way she'd make her salary in London and it would probably be quite a bit less. She doesn't work in software either; she works in finance. I think part of it is it simply costs a whole lot more to employ someone in the UK. All those social benefits have a cost and companies have to pay them. It's also much harder to fire someone in the UK than the USA where you can be fired on the spot for no reason at all. The benefits the company has to pay out are technically none except for some unemployment insurance for a few months which is quite small all things considered. We've talked about moving to the UK but our lifestyle would change for the negative we believe due to the low salaries and the very high cost of living anywhere near London. Especially with the beating the Pound has taken recently when we convert our dollars to Pounds there's no way we'd get close to our current income. To be honest I'm not sure how you folks do it. The UK is expensive and people simply do with less in general. That's not such a bad thing either. Google is an oil state. They setup shop and pretty much hit a cash gusher. That's right. If anything flying can be the most dignified way of traveling. I just came back from a trip to Europe and was upgraded so I had access to a lounge with "free" massages, nice food and drinks and then boarded a plane where I had a seat that could be made into a bed and also had a table my wife and I could eat together at. And then enjoy the cheese cart and have a seat at the bar for another cocktail before laying down for a cat nap. The point is airlines are giving people options. Flying is unbelievably cheap if you want it to be but you get what you pay for - a safe flight in a moderately uncomfortable seat. People wanted cheap and they're getting it. I wish more airlines offered more classes of service though. Flying United to Europe you either have crummy economy (exit rows are fine but the service still is poor) or rather expensive first. More options for mid-tier service where you have larger, more comfortable seating and nice food options similar to Virgins "Premium Economy" service which is is quite nice at a reasonable ask for those that find a couple hundred dollars extra worth it. I find it worth it for 8 hour+ flights to have some extra comfort so I feel better when landing. I live in NYC and whenever I go to DC I always take the train. It's about the same time as flying but with less chances of delays. I flew once and was delayed for 8 hours and have taken the train ever since. I drove once but that was slightly slower than the train and not as relaxing as sitting back with a drink and a laptop. To Boston though I usually fly. It is actually much faster if you leave at the right times to avoid traffic which you'd want to do if driving too. It's about 100% faster in my experience. I drove to Chicago once and that was about 12 or 13 hours. I've flown a bunch of times and it takes, door to door (depending on when you leave, etc) about 4 hours total. So it's much faster. That sounds excellent. I'm a United person (easiest airport to get to and they dominate it - Delta doesn't even have a terminal. EWR if you're interested) and I'm not sure they do. They are rolling out a new first class service which looks nice but no idea on improving to a Premium Economy cabin. Delta has impressed me lately. I may make the switch and just deal with the extra haul to JFK which is about 20 minutes more for me if United can't or won't improve their lousy, outdated aircraft for international flights to Europe. United does fly nicely outfitted aircraft to Asia and Australia but I don't get out that way nearly as much. It's not always that much more expensive but yeah sometimes the asks are crazy. A year ago I booked a flight on Virgin Atlantic in Economy and they offered an upgrade to "Upper Class" (their term) for $500 roundtrip to Europe per person. That was great value. United has "Economy Plus" which is more legroom. I'm 6'2" and I find it fine. My advice is to upgrade to that and pay extra for the exit row. If there are 2 exit rows then book the one behind the one in front. You can't recline into an exit row so with the second set of exit rows you get a ton of space and no one that can recline into you. I think you're missing the fact that they were offering better service than the discount airlines but at the same price. It was the only way to compete when most people who travel infrequently purchase strictly on cheapest price. In effect they were offering a better service than people were paying for because they had to. Now they are finally updating their seating and policy to be in-line with what the discount airlines offer. So they aren't charging more for economy. They're pricing it inline with the level of service you get, something they weren't able to do before. Yeah I was just using "First Class" as an enhanced level of service where you can expect a bed, decent food options served on actual plates and other niceties like a comfort kit and other things. I think they called it "Business First" before they switched to "Polaris". I travel enough where it only makes sense to use a domestic carrier. United is the most convenient for me so that's that. You're right though, airlines like British Airways and Virgin Atlantic are quite a bit more nice. United treats me pretty well as I have the highest status, however. But there's the opportunity cost and extreme risk in investing in something you have very little information on. Hopefully you're maxing your 401K and personal savings/investments before this. In the end though it might be wise to hedge a bit and at least buy some of your options as you go if you believe the company is worth something eventually. Common retirement strategies, like a 401K, differ taxes until withdrawal. So taking out 4% of your portfolio every year upon retirement would in fact incur taxes. Since a 401K is massively tax advantaged in your highest earning years it only makes sense to maximize this portfolio while you can thus delaying, but not avoiding taxes, until a later date when you'll likely pay much less on the income. Everyone wants to believe it won't happen to them and that their company must be special since they work there. But sadly this happens to brilliant people all the time. Cash is king. Realize you don't understand finance much less finance in an opaque, illiquid company. Say it 3 times: "Cash. Is. King.". Max out your 401K and negotiate a company 100% match if you can. Start a private investment account and a savings account and distribute to them every check. Keep doing this. Maximize all this before you become Johnny Wall St. with your illiquid stock options. They're as useful as a penny stock as not as liquid. Buy some of them if things look bright but classify the investment as your "highly speculative" class of investments and thus ensure they are a small part of your portfolio. You would begin to qualify for long term capital gains which is taxed lower than the higher end of your income, presumably. You can sell your stock 6 months after it goes public so if by then you qualify for a long term capital gain (1 year holding an asset) you get taxed at this advantaged rate. If you will likely make a substantial amount of money (100k+) this could be a lot of money you save. Of course you assume the risk of being an investor and you could lose money if it all goes south! "Don't compromise on your salary." It's the damn truth. Cash is freedom - cash is king. > This is all pretty deep in the weeds for a nonspecialist audience though, I think. It's the tip of the iceberg perhaps. Deep in the weeds for sure but rather influential. Clearing is important but really what this is saying is "business as usual". The UK would be wise to play chicken as not cooperating with the UK is bad for everyone (The EU knows this but they have to posture). The UK will smartly make some concessions that especially punish the districts that made this happen (No one will really talk about this). British Sterling will suffer for awhile as being less global should make your currency less valuable and it will - expect parity with the USD in the short term. Those who don't travel won't care and those that can won't notice. Everyone wins then. The will of the people is had, the people that are affected contain the blast radius and life goes on, business as usual. Which is good. And we all live on. > The title should have been "Clearing in dispute as Brexit moves on". But that probably is not what the flavor of the news source wanted people to reflect on. Why would anyone who is actually really affected by these esoteric things make it harder on themselves? It's over 100% more than the 1.7 billion they were estimated to IPO at. That's a huge premium. And I might look at going long NEWR as their financials and prospects look the same and they're trading at 1.7b today. They've been increasing the initial offer price the last week as demand was high. From $10 to $14 a share. That's a positive sign for them. To then get bought out at 100% premium from that is massively prosperous exit. Consider their last private valuation was 1.9 billion it sounds like the investors, founders and employees all have reason to celebrate tonight. Congrats to them all for this very fortunate exit. Doubt it matters since they are different segments. Snapchat and Spotify are consumer technologies where as App Dynamics is a software and services company. Very interesting. Happy for them and if that rumor is true I'd expect New Relic to pop on that. Especially as their growth is as good, burn is less and have been well managed too. NEWR up 20% pre market. I wonder about an index fund bubble. I am mainly using them too but if everyone is and continues to you wonder if it gets too crowded? I think that's good advice. In this game you shouldn't fall in love with items, armor or weapons. Plenty of them come to you. Every now and then something more special comes your way and you should use that more difficult opponents but you just need to come to grips with the game play which is you will constantly acquire new things. Use things as you find them to make the game fun. The MTA is currently working on a solution that doesn't use barriers. [1] The short of it is that it will use thermal cameras and other sensors to determine if a human (and not a rat, for instance) has entered the tracks and is in danger. It won't kill the trains but slow them down considerably and of course if it's a last second jumper or someone who falls right as the train is entering the station it won't work. But I imagine it will help solve a majority of the issues. If you're nervous for your safety then I would recommend to stand on the far end of the platform where the front of the train stops at the station. [1] http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/mta-testing-systems-save... In 2013 151 were struck and 53 died. Those are rather consistent numbers. However, when you consider the millions that ride the Subway each day and the hundreds of millions each year it's a very small number. Cars create more deaths per capita I believe. You carry the buggy up the stairs together and if you're on your own a stranger will help you. It's very common to see this (and to help people when you see they need help) in NYC. Beside our reputation, we're a friendly bunch here. It's still a bargain. Especially if you're out there a ways. A single price for everyone is especially nice when you consider many systems charge you based on distance. So people in "less desirable" or central locations (who often have less money) have to pay more. Considering you don't have to own a car if you live in NYC, $130/month is a real bargain and about the only thing in this city that is affordable. Well, it is the NYC dating scene. There's a ton of head cases in this town and you more or less get used to it after awhile - it becomes normal. Having lived (and survived!) the NYC dating scene it took me until the "I would cancel, contact support..." part of your post to realize you were talking about Uber and not the lunatics you encounter during the NYC dating experience. Perhaps I'm reading this wrong but he would have done better just sitting on the coins rather than trying to trade them. He claims with his method he started with $100 and bought Bitcoins valued at .05 which means he could have bought 2,000 BTC at this time. He claims his method netted a profit of roughly $20,000.00. BTC is trading at $1143.00 right now. If he would have bought those 2,000 coins and sold them right now he would have proceeds of $2,286,000.00, essentially all profit as it started from a $100 investment. Plus he'd be paying a long term capital gains tax and not the many short term taxes he'd have paid by day trading BTC. I suppose buy and hold would have been the better strategy. Even more than that it is believed by many. The idea being humans evolved to enjoy sweet for the reasons you pointed out - it means carbohydrates which are dense in calories. Humans evolved to enjoy a certain amount of salt as it is essential to our survival; bitterness tends to be found in toxic things and is generally not palatable as a last warning to avoid ingesting bad food; Sour can be enjoyable but it also signals under ripe fruit and rotten meats as well as dangerous acid levels in some instances. Umami is thought to encourage the consumption of important amino acids. It makes sense that earlier ancestors who maybe found bitter very enjoyable and sweetness not so enjoyable died off from a lack of calories or eating poisonous things before reproducing. And it makes sense that while across cultures people eat very different foods, you see the same patterns in terms of umami and sweet being considered desirable and bitterness often rejected. In fact the human tongue is considerably more complex than traditionally assumed. For example, besides the umami taste receptors recently proven to exist there are also studies looking to see if we have taste receptors for "fat", "starch" and even "metallic" flavors, among other things. The chemical reaction between molecules and how the brain decodes the signals produced by them is fascinating when it comes to the flavor of things. It would appear that in this instance his strategy of trading the asset numerous times over the years has led to significantly less yield than if he would have bought and held. If you have an edge on the market there's a good chance you're either breaking the law or deluding yourself. Not that some people haven't found legal edges and made vast fortunes from them - sophisticated mathematicians have for instance. But there's many more who confused dumb luck for alpha and ended up underperforming the market or broke over time. You're right though - buy and hold is generally best applied to a diverse set of assets. If you're making direct plays on companies and have little ability to influence the board and leadership then that's a lot of unhedged risk. Warren Buffet's advice is often confused with making directional stock plays. He buys enough to get board seats and can influence the direction of the company and has a track record of doing this well. Regular people will never have enough of a bankroll to qualify for a board seat or have influence on the management. And yes, many day traders and swing traders have some strategies based on short term changes in an asset but taxes are the killer. Short term capital gains are taxed the same as labor but with considerably more risk. UO was great back in the day as was Shadowbane. The whole safe places that MMO's became - and with good reason as more people liked that - disappointed me about the genre. The player motivated politics and maneuvering and real threat to lose what you've worked hard for and the general scarcity of things in these types of games was unbelievable. Stealing, fighting for meaningful resources and guilds that existed to actually protect resources and players is just not possible in a game like WoW (was very good for different reasons though such as dungeon raiding) and derivatives where getting attacked and killed is meaningless. Yeah seriously going back a bit there on a rather obscure, buggy game. For all its flaws, which were many, the experience overall was exhilarating. Never played EVE but yeah it's the only game I'm aware of that has these types of dynamics. Indeed. WoW was great for that and I enjoyed it but there was always a piece missing. The politics of games like UO and Shadowbane where a thief stealing a single valuable item from some folks farming for the guild could set off a huge war with backstabbing and deceit and alliances and everything else really made those games dramatic and fun. Yeah you'd lose your stuff sometimes too and the most scary thing in the game was seeing a group of players from an aggressive guild descending on your farming and XP group. Everyone would scatter like buffalo being hunted by a group of lions. It was hard to setup towns near valuable farming resources and there would be battles for dominance. All the different player personalities would take on different roles that appealed to them in a guild - some where the leaders who worked out deals and alliances; others were social butterflies who like to chat and farm; others liked to help harass enemies and some were mercenaries ready to work for whoever paid them. And other people enjoyed going solo as a thief and hated by all but other thieves. It was a world only as good as the players could make it with what felt like real consequence to decisions and actions. Trust mattered. I'll add that I don't think a game like that can ever really exist again. At least not with the dynamic those games had. At the time there were no other options for people who wanted to play an MMO. You had to enter that world. So it was made up of all types of people but mainly you could break the community into 2 groups: Wolves and Sheep. There were always plenty of sheep for the wolves to hunt for and terrorize and for the "hero wolves" to come in and protect. The relationships were real. As soon as WoW came out anyone who preferred the sheep role (farming, socializing, building community, etc) had no reason to play a game they could be killed and have their spoils taken. It became a hassle when WoW gave them a peaceful world to coexist in. Where your enemy couldn't really hurt you or take anything you've worked for. A nice, safe space. The wolf types just became the hard core raiders competing to get eventual identical gear first and the sheep were the casual raiders and farmers and social butterflies. Wall Street is lined with the corpses of people that were right but too early. Absolutely disgusting. An issue with tech in general is the equity rewards are far too generous - especially at the top. I have direct plays in a few technology companies I admire and some of them annoy me with the ridiculous grants. We're looking at like 10% dilution over a year for some companies that aren't profitable. And it seems very concentrated at the management level. For SNAP it's especially bad considering that the common shares are non-voting if I recall. The SNAP bubble or tech or equities in general? Many tech companies are posting growth inline with guidance and performing quite well. Many publicly listed companies are performing quite well in terms of projections. Condemning an entire sector because a single company shit the bed in their first earnings call is a bit much. Consider that even after this huge drop they are still at their IPO price. Not that I'm a buyer of this company (I don't understand them - doesn't mean they are bad but just that I don't understand them enough to invest directly in them) but it isn't a disaster. I've seen bubbles burst. You'll know it. This isn't it. This is a correction. Consider the World Trade Center had about 50,000 people working in it before 9/11. But 12,000 is about on scale with the entire Sears Tower (Willis Tower) in Chicago. If you consider scale and the engineering that has to make those happen and exist then they're both exciting. The Sears tower was at once the tallest building in the world. The design behind it was revolutionary. It's many rectangles! The Apple building is interesting in it's own right - 100% self sufficient and a new concept of what an office can be. Not everything can or should be "La Sagrada Familia". That doesn't mean that these other constructions aren't impressive and thoughtful. I recommend the architecture tour if you make your way to Chicago. Lighten up and get off the Internet's 24 hour news cycle of alarmism and outrage. I travel the world quite often and it's a beautiful place full of lovely people. Separating people from politics is a good thing to do. You'll find wherever you go there's a lot of people who don't agree with the current state of affairs. I've been many places I think are backwards but then you find there's a lot of decent people there and plenty of interesting things to see and do. Japan is amazing. If you've never been then plan a trip if you can. Korea is amazing too. I wouldn't say after each step. It would be foolish to add salt to a sauce I'm reducing for instance. You taste your food always before adding salt. And you generally hold of seasoning until whatever you're doing is reasonably stable. So imagine I want to cook some chicken breasts. I'm going to dry them and the season them and let them sit for awhile. Then I will cook them and finish them. If I want to make a sauce from the nice remains of the pan they were cooked in I'd remove the chicken and excess oil perhaps and begin that process. And that process has many steps from adding shallots and garlic to deglazing with wine perhaps and reducing that and then adding stock and reducing and then mixing in some butter. The very last thing I'd do is season. If I'm going to put the sauce on the plate and there is a starch there's a good chance I won't have to season those much at all as the sauce will carry that. New cooks tend to over season. They forget that if everything you're cooking has salt on it when someone eats one thing there will be salt left on their tongue and in their mouth. This will help the next they thing eat and it won't need as much salt. In general anything like a stew or a sauce should be seasons as late as possible even if there are many steps in creating it. Meat should be seasoned early and left to rest so excess moisture can be taken out of the surface areas of the meat to help form a better surface texture and flavor. You may be confusing investing with "trading". Subtle but important difference. When did you move to NYC? It hasn't gotten hot yet this year but you'll see that living without an AC or a fan is hell here. The inside of apartments (especially older ones which most are) gets amazingly hot and it stays that way once it heats up outside. It has been a rather cool spring and we haven't had a heat wave yet but rest assured once we do you will find inside your apartment will be unbearably hot and humid. And it will stay that way well into autumn. The city itself gets hot too with a lack of airflow and tons of AC units pushing out heat and exhaust from vehicles and the Subway as well. The Subway stations will be unbearably hot as well since the train is air conditioned and has lots of heat exhaust from this and its regular operation. Luckily apartments are small enough that a decent window AC can usually keep an entire unit comfortable and only has to be run when you're home. It is humid and warm in NYC but it hasn't been this year yet. But it will come and the inside of apartments will be amplified. Most building are side by side with no windows on the side. And unites tend to only have windows on a single side which means it's impossible to get airflow. As for radiators some can be adjusted but many are binary, either on or off. You could always turn one off for awhile too. They stay warm for quite awhile when off. Exactaly right. You should assume, especially in an environment like the NSA, that your internet browsing and email correspondence is being monitored and certain hosts and suspicious DNS will trigger something. I've worked at far less security concerned companies that monitored all network traffic going and out and logged it and continually were looking not only for internal nefarious behavior but for possibly viruses, worms, etc. Options are not taxed until you exercise them. At that point they become an asset that contains "value" but until you exercise the option to purchase stock it is simply only the right but not the obligation to purchase stock at a particular price. When issued options you don't have to exercise them and if you don't you do not pay taxes until you decide to. Often companies offer the ability to "early exercise" options which means you buy them before they have vested and file with the IRS that you have done this. The reason you might do this is because the strike price of your options will likely be the same as "fair market value" of the stock. This means that when you buy them you do not pay any taxes since the difference is 0. If you wait and exercise your options then you pay tax on the difference between the "fair market value" and your option strike price. This is taxed as a short term capital gain. However, you now hold the equity and if you sell it 1 year or later you pay a long term capital gain which is generally advantageous. This gain is the price you sell minus the value at the time you purchased. Often, for people issued options they will exercise and sell immediately when/if the company goes public and they can sell. You keep the difference between what you sold them and what your strike is and you pay taxes on that profit. The biggest issues are when you want to leave a company but have not bought your options. These are golden handcuffs and it's a decision you need to make if you want to buy them. For a company that is looking good you can often get a loan to buy them. But now you're invested in an illiquid investment of which you can't possibly know the real value. That's a big risk with potentially a large payout. Hence why I said "value" and not value. It's simple - Bitcoin is stagnant and full of politics and holy wars where as ETH is implementing everything Bitcoin promised 5 years ago. Bitcoin is facing an existential crisis August 1st (UASF) that some view as liberation and others as extortion. As if BTC wasn't high risk enough! Yes we haven't seen a single ICO that has resulted in anything worth anything yet and we probably shouldn't any time soon. Yes the rise in ETH the last few months is comical. Yes there are plenty of scams out there right now and some we don't even know are scams yet. But it's damn exciting. Anyone with an imagination can see this. It's the wild west and it's fun and crazy. And there's a real opportunity here to do something different. 99.9% of these early things are going to fail but there will be a breakthrough eventually I believe. And when that happens... If I had a Bitcoin for every skeptic that posts a blog on why it can't work... This may just be my general observation but I feel like Silicon Valley hegemony has a grudge against crypto currencies and I'm not sure why. For an industry that has constantly tried new things and saw potential where no one else did, I just don't see the love for the potential of smart contracts, DApps, etc. And how this is just the beginning of what is possible and of course it's isn't perfect but it's fascinating to the curious. I do see a lot of enthusiasm from Eastern Europeans and all across Asia and they seem to be leading the charge on what could be the next major technical revolution. My working hypothesis right now is Silicon Valley has been getting fat on the virtually unlimited venture capital power structure and sees this as a threat they've missed out on to their power. Maybe the disrupters are being disrupted? I agree with this but you might be missing my point. Crypto as a store of value and the ability to transfer funds is nice and all but it's not the big picture. I think focusing on that you rightly see limited practical application in large parts of the world, such as the USA. The real revolution is in smart contracts and virtual machines that run on a blockchain and the ability to define ownership of a distributed organization to distribute profits accordingly. Blockchains on blockchains that having turing complete contracts that can guarantee there isn't even the ability to cheat the distributed, mainly anonymous organization participants. We aren't even close to that - it still takes an incredibly suspect ICO to raise money by selling stake for a top level coin in which they will inevitably have to convert partially to fiat and the vast potential for scams there. But the smart contract can be programmatically limited and only release funds over time and only continue to when certain events have taken place, and refund otherwise, etc. I guess I just see the vast potential here. More infrastructure supporting things is required and I'm not sure what that is but someone will discover these pieces. I see many more Asian and European groups trying to build these types of things today. Maybe it's out of necessity as well since there isn't a vast source of wealth available to fund these crazy, new ideas. Cars were a solution to a problem that didn't exist when considered a certain way. Texting seemed fine but yet here we are with many billions of market cap for messaging programs. I agree there's hype on the other side of it too - look at the recent ICO craze. I'm not saying that crypto isn't getting love. But that it isn't getting much love from a very particular place. A place that traditionally has never had a problem embracing a million odd ideas. A place with a culture where 90% failure is expected because that 10% success more than makes up for it. I just find it conspicuous. Good point - I've noticed that too. With a certain lack of easily available funds for startups in the UK (compared to Silicon Valley) I can see why they'd embrace that. Groups of actors across the world can make an agreement that is enforced by a smart contract. When an actor fails to live up their obligation they are refused payment. There is no way to take off with something that is not yours. There is no reliable or efficient way to cheat. You don't have to know the other actors you are making an agreement for something with. Can you do this now without a smart contract? Of course. The usefulness is in that it's universally visible and lowers the barrier to entry and is far less complex. You did ask for practical . First I'll say this isn't easy to answer in concrete terms. But someone will one day. One concept would be to raise funds that can allow you arbitrage at a scalable level. Request funds (ICO) and have the smart contract enable a certain subset of those funds for your organization to use to arbitrage other crypto's. Profits are spread across stakeholders based on their investment, represented as the tokens they generated in the ICO. Enforce this by only allowing a certain part of the funds to become available at certain times based on performance. Stake holders could vote using a contract to determine if more funds should be released. I wouldn't say imminent . And I wouldn't even say probable . But possible ? For sure. I find the entire thing interesting and in fact the most boring bit is the instant millionaire greed fueling unfounded hype. If I had the great idea I wouldn't be hear talking about it. I'm getting a better and better grip I feel but it could all be fallacy too! But, someone or some group are going to be far more able to see the bigger picture I imagine and unleash something completely new, practical and useful. Make it better. Programming with switches was hard. High level languages were built. Managing memory was hard. Higher level languages were built. There's this amazing lack of vision and inability to see that things can and will be innovated on. Why would it be anywhere near perfect by this iteration? Why would you expect that? Also in terms of complexity - have you ever read an actual legal contract? Do you think 99.9% of people understand that? Another idea: Etsy. Makers build things and post it to a Website and price it in some crypto currency. People buy it by sending money to a smart contract. A third party "oracle" is used to remit payment when the order is received. For instance the company that ships the product will signal delivery to the contract. The company that hosted the product takes a percent of the transaction payable after the final payment goes through. The investors in the ICO for the product get profits distributed threw the contract hosted on the same blockchain. The host of the site gets paid from the profits based on the contract and their payment address. Managers, marketing, developers, all staff gets paid from a piece of the profits. This is all defined in the smart contracts. This is far away from today and simplified and with many scams in-between as well. But smart contracts on a block chain which interact and signal other contracts, etc with a block chain on a blockchain used for proof of work and payment. A company in this form could outperform and be more efficient than one today. This is what would be useful . Not at all. The customer benefit is that because the business is run more efficiently things can be priced cheaper. This gets passed down to the consumer and producer. It's far more than escrow. It's a distributed business where many of the functions of the business are automated all enforced on the same blockchain. Could be crazy - I'm not pitching this! I'm sure many people have better grasps of the potential and imaginations. But you clearly don't see how a company can be run more efficiently (but massive margins) with a distributed, partially anonymous structure where obligations and payments are guaranteed through the shared system. Right now probably not. However, Etherum has sharding, as well as other features to help scale, as a feature for the future. It isn't like we are stuck with the current implementations. I am not an Ethereum developer or expert on the codebase or technical capabilities. In fact I've read very little on how this sharding would be implemented. I have a lot of experience in distributed systems so I understand the benefits but I don't know how this would work for blockchain technologies. However, it is a known issue and there are proposals and I'm sure more to come. Sharding is a leading proposal and it has been described. However, I cannot personally comment on the viability. But I'm an optimist and believe it will be solved. Maybe not with Ethereum but eventually with something. The one fallacy to be aware of is a lot of people it appears think that blockchain technologies are static. As if they can't evolve and change and iterate. They can and if history is any indicator they will so long as there is interest and outlandish people see potential. Indeed they do! And that's where the value is. Why can't a blockchain technology in a matter of years offer the same type of convenience and stability with a much lower price due to the decentralized nature of it all? Right now they can't you're right. But there is no reason to believe with certainty they won't in the future. Of course they might not but I'd bet the other way by virtue of the plain as day benefit they offer motivating iterative improvement over the many coming years. And plenty of cuts are taken and taken and taken. There is an inherit inefficiency that exists right now because it is indeed necessary. The people, private systems and other parts that makeup the "trust" of it all that makes it work. Now imagine we could do this in a public way that can't be cheated easily at all? We create new efficiency, ironically, by centralizing much of this on a globally distributed blockchain with computational rules enforcing the flow of business. Suddenly we don't need these companies because their most valuable asset, trust, has been automated away. The business that figures out how to do this will claim the market of existing companies. Software eats the world. Why wouldn't it continue to in a way that eats the existing software centralization? It doesn't mean it's free but it certainly looks to have the ability to outperform current business models which came to be because they outperformed previous business models. That's totally fair. I see potential more than killer apps. But I think your attitude is fully defensible. What I find peculiar is a flat out, almost arrogant, rejection of blockchain (and what I believe is a fundamental misunderstanding) from our technological elite. It's almost as if they are focusing on the wrong thing which to me is the nearly comical surge in "value" of some crypto currencies and the literal view that they are and can only be a store of value. There's plenty of scams and stupidity but there's also real potential I believe. I'm very possibly a naive fool too. I'm not saying mine is a great example, especially with the current state of the technology. If I had a fool proof example I'd be building it! I think the thing they offer is the potential for great efficiency and thus lower cost and also a lower barrier to entry for systems that require trust. What I'm most optimistic about is the next phase - how can we scale this and then what can we build on top to further practical use? That's a more interesting discussion than dismissing it all together. Bitcoin introduced the blockchain and some good ideas about how it could be used. Ethereum ran with some of those ideas. There's even more ideas on how this can expanded we'll maybe see in a few years. > "you short it now and close when my lockup period ends, and I'll use my locked-up long position to unofficially hedge for you" That is illegal and most certainly not happening. Those shares aren't even available to short in fact. Yes, naked shorting does take place and shouldn't but that's nothing to do with this. This is fake news. On Hacker News we are enthusiastic about Snapchat as a technology without any value in terms of being technologically interesting or useful. But yet we are littered with blockchain skeptics. The company that powers search for this very Website: http://www.impact-north-america.com/french-search-api-startu... I have no idea if weather is a thing with this but I always thought you'd see a much larger population in LA, San Diego, and other places which pretty much have perfect weather all year. And although you see homelessness in those So-Cal cities it isn't rampant like it is in SF, Seattle and Vancouver. Don't forget those logging towns in the Pacific Northwest were able to luckily benefit from global trade expansion. Many of those cities became port towns creating a lot of opportunity and wealth where many other places suffered. Factor in they haven't had to deal with the USA's past like places in the Midwest and Appalachia. They're living high on the hog today by simple luck. You don't just reinvent the economy and deal with the baggage of your past (due to ancestors and norms of the time but have effects today) overnight. I mean, what can they do? They won't fall into the lap of becoming a port town with extreme growth due to the proliferation of global trade. > I'm sickened by my "pro science" party They aren't any more "pro-science" as any other party. For instance, it's notable how the science of biology has been excluded from women's and gender studies university programs for many years now. Like any other political group they will use what they can to advance an agenda with whatever tools are out there. If they need science for one argument they'll use it while conveniently avoiding it for others. If you need "morality" for one you use it when convenient and avoid when not. It's all politics that do this unfortunatly. I'm just saying social constructionism isn't science but portrays itself as science. Biology is _specifically_ left out of the conversation on purpose because it conflicts with the theory. The theories found in a women's or gender studies course would be more valuable if they included relevant hard science instead of purposefully avoiding it. Just like how an EE program utilizes relevant sciences. Or linguists for another example. I'm not a disgruntled person crack-potting here. This is a complaint of many highly regarded people who spend considerable time studying and critiquing these disciplines. Camille Paglia comes to mind. I suggest you pick up and read "Galileo's Middle Finger" [1] by Alice Dreger. In short it points to hypocrisy when dogma and science collide. When your worldview is shattered by actual science and how we can be better people by not politicizing science only when convenient. NYMag had a decent review too. [2] [1] https://www.amazon.com/Galileos-Middle-Finger-Heretics-Activ... [2] http://nymag.com/scienceofus/2015/12/when-liberals-attack-so... I'm not an expert in these topics either. So I'd agree if used responsibly there's certainly room to abstract something away. So long as the sophisticated theory it is derived from and simplifies does not. And that's my problem. My only point in my original comment was that the deliberate rejection of empiricism isn't reserved just for the dogma of the rightwing in the USA. The leftwing is just as guilty. And this concerns me a lot. Seriously, if you find time read the book I recommended. Or at least the NYTimes or NYMag's review of it. He should approach management and offer to automate this process for a lump sum of x-years pay. If they plan on using this method for 5 years then offer 4 years of salary for this tool. Everyone wins. They save a years salary and don't have to deal with data entry errors. He wins because he is paid and can continue to earn more. This is an example of automation and capitalism revealing their best features. You don't sell them that code. You sign an agreement and write new code. That's how charities, not businesses work. Right, but I was taking that from the CEO of MySQL. In a presentation (after they were sold) he mentioned that he once got a donation from Craig's List for $15,000.00 since they were big users of MySQL. It was at that point he realized the problem with their open source business model. I think they did: > put the blame on the person who does the wrong thing. Interest rates were also very high in the 70's and early 80's. If we could get housing interest rates up to 8% you'd see a large decline in housing prices. If it got up to 1970's and 1980's rates it would be around 17%. This would dramatically reduce the price of a typical house and become a darling market for people who have can pay in cash. It's not that they "don't" want to do that - in fact they'd very much like to. It's that they can't do it. Their agreements with listing services prohibit this. And if they don't get listed then they simply won't get the same rate of bookings. Generally they are paying around 20% of the booking fee to the listing service. So in theory the hotel would be able to charge 15% less on their own site and make a larger profit. But if they did they would no longer get listed on the popular sites where people go to easily price compare and then book. The average person is probably invested in their stock through a variety of ETF's. What's really great about the Declaration of Independence is that that it lays down the rights of people and then spells out in a bulleted list more or less exactaly why those rights are being violated and therefore why the rebellion is justified. However, my favorite part of that document is this: "Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security." I love it because it says to use caution and that rebelling for small things and things that will pass soon is not a just reason to rebel. And that a long standing government which is stable should be respected. But it then switches gears and says people are more inclined to not do anything about it and that revolution is in fact a very scary thing - that suffering a bit is probably better in most peoples eyes. And then the last part - when it has gone too far and the people have been abused so much that their claim to life, liberty and happiness has been taken from them under the thumb of a despot, then they must act in violent manner. Saying that, today in the USA we are quite far away from crossing the "light and transient" part so a conspiracy to overthrow the USA government would not be justified. You could make the argument Venezuela is in a transient phase as well since this is a monetary crisis created by very bad policy. However, their leader is making some pretty dubious claims to power currently, using a crisis to consolidate his parties rule on the people. An armed society can retaliate and react to these types of actions. As they add up and become too much an armed society can gather to fight a despot who has continually abused their power to take away inalienable rights of the people. An armed society can more easily get the backing of military generals and form a credible resistance quickly. An armed society might make a potential despot think twice about going down that route. In the scenario you describe, you're right. But as a government continues this type of abuse eventually an armed society can rebel against it. It is their responsibility to rebel against it. An unarmed society is crippled in this regard. "Self reliant and a team player" - that's what I think makes the best managers and what I strive for and this alludes to that idea. I can see the "chefs and soldiers" analogy. Independent within in a team in that you can take on a role when needed and run with it but always work within the confines of a team when available. I like it. It all seems so backwards. Instead of having collaborative working spaces with private rooms for meetings, doesn't it make more sense to have private rooms for working and collaborative meeting spaces? The really negative news was the issues they are having bringing the new facility in Lindon online and at peak efficiency. This is causing issues with rolling out new products they see vital to their business. Because of this they will likely post a decline in revenues y/y for Q3. In light of that news I can see why Matt Wadiak, their previous COO, recently "stepped down". They addressed this in the conference call. In essence they want to make sure that order fulfillment is staying at high enough quality levels. And they've struggled lately operationally which has caused issues with that. I'd expect they turn it around soon. Indeed. I've had tempura in Japan at a nice family owned place (in business for over 100 years) where you enter, remove your shoes and put on slippers and go upstairs to the dining area. The dining area is a bar that squares around the 3 chefs, the father and 2 sons. There is a "small" menu and a "large" menu and after you order a menu and drinks it comes out piece by piece. The final piece I had was a delicious piece of sea eel I added a bit of salt to and that just melted in my mouth. I'll never forget that piece. Going pro shouldn't be the mark of success on this endeavor. There are a very limited number of seats and very likely pros have committed well more time. The fact he got to a 2 handicap is evidence you can become a master. Especially since he suffered a physical limitation after about 6k hours. Talent matters. Age matters. The ability to "get it" faster matters. Access makes you get it faster. But to go from no game to a 2 handicap is proof extremely hard work pays off. To be in the top 5% of anything makes you elite even if it doesn't make you a pro in an extremely selective occupation. A top-5% engineer can work anywhere and make top money. The Website is only doing this for publicity. They knew Google would ban them immediately and they can use that as a cry of oppression to their members and aspiring members and young people who buy into this and are looking for a cause to identify with. And after all this a lot more people know about them than before. Streisand effect in action. My fear is it will be easier for organizations like this Website to radicalize otherwise moderate people. It isn't hard to sell the argument that "first they (liberal minded people) wanted to take away your second amendment right. Now they want to take your first! We are the protectors of the Constitution!". Banning them is futile (someone on Earth will host them) and makes them more subversive, taboo, and attractive to certain people. In no uncertain terms this is libel when they misfire. This is not a crime but it is a tort. Those who have been libeled on twitter and other written mediums (or slandered on Youtube, for example) should take immediate and full action prosecuting those that offended. Fierce civil punishment should be put forth to discourage this type of discourse in a lawful society. We have laws for this kind of stuff. Saying that, those that were properly identified should be willing to face the consequences of their repugnant actions. If that's not desirable then simply reject associating yourself with an uncivilized public mob of any sort. The law specifically says they are not liable. Either is someone who perpetuates the info by retweeting, for instance. However if you modify the retweet at all then you too can be held liable. I've always sort of thought about it as you get older and learn more about things you're interested in you lose the ability to misunderstand something and possibly come across something novel. Creativity becomes less of a coping mechanism as you begin to refine your mastery of your interests and have fewer chances of a misinterpretation taking you down a road of creative explosion. Which is why I find it important to try and learn new things and find new interests when you can. But even then, "creativity" so often results in a dead end since the chance of discovering something new, effective and possibly better is slim in the first place. But hopefully experience helps in sussing out obvious bad ideas - like not eating vegetables to grow young again. Rote learning is the most important skill I've ever picked up. It teaches you humility and that hard work matters. It's unattractive but I found it fundamental to my education. I do wonder how this disagrees with the popular argument in favor of net neutrality? The point being that limiting who can distribute and therefore create access to information is generally agreed upon as unacceptable. Would it be different if service providers (your ISP) made some content they select inaccessible (not net neutral) rather than Google et al? You're making the assumption that someone just put all their money into the market at once. People use dollar cost averaging and add money to the market every week or month. So if you put all your money in at the top, yes you;d not be doing so well. But more likely you put money in before, during and after that event and today you'd be well up when you consider dividends and appreciation. Also, you'd want to diversify outside of a single market, like Japan stocks. You'd want to be diversified across bonds, stocks, real estate, currencies, precious metals, commodities, etc. This is so easy and inexpensive to do today for the average person. Dollar cost averaging across a broad spectrum of investment instruments over a long period of time is better than holding cash. Exactaly right. And in part of the DCA strategy as you described I also DCA into a cash fund (liquidity fund) that can be used at a time I judge opportune. That is if there's a housing crash, I'll have a hard asset I can use to jump into that opportunity. Of if there's a market correction or crash, I'd be able to use a portion of that cash to buy low. It's not quite timing the market because the portion going into cash is scaled accordingly to how much is going into other types of funds and also has the benefit of being used if there's an emergency that requires a decent amount of liquidity. Having it all in liquidity would be a poor choice. Cash should only be a part of the overall strategy. The truth is a decent restaurant has almost no margin on the main course food. The money is made on selling wine, cocktails and to an extent on starters and deserts. You're paying a premium for food that is expensive to produce. Good restaurants buy the highest quality foods and this cuts deeply into the margin. So yes, buying high quality food and cooking it at home will cost about what a restaurant charges you. You simply can not have it both ways. Either you want high quality food and will pay for it or you're buying low quality food at a premium with a nice brand on it or you're just buying cheap food which is of poor quality. I believe that top quality ingredients will be strictly reserved for better restaurants and home cooks that are willing to pay for it. There just is not possible production capacity for this level of ingredient that the common person can freely buy which is what Amazons strategy is here. They can make a splash by lowering the price of a few ingredients with shocking price tags, like avocados. But will be impossible due to supply lines and cost of production for Amazon to turn Whole Foods into a high end merchant of top quality ingredients while maintaining any kind of margin. If they want to play the Amazon loss game they can for awhile but eventually when a financial crisis hits and they have to rely on cash reserves, this cash poor company relative to their peers will be in trouble. VC's subsidize Uber rides. Amazon investors subsidize these types of ventures. For now. I think what you're describing here is something that is often overlooked. You are treating the same data in 2 ways - events and entities and there's an important distinction. The events come in and you store them. They are immutable descriptions with a timestamp which provides sequence. There is no relation between any 2 events. Then you keep another collection of entities which you call "sessions". These comb through the event data and combine them into sessions which can answer different questions. The event data is the authoritative source and because there are timestamps they are sequenced. This way you can generate session from them and if anything were to happen to make the session collection invalid you can "rollback" to a certain point in time and recalculate the sessions from there. In the NoSQL world you often want to begin with "events". And then form "entities" from the sequence of events that are useful to you. Because you've stored every action you can always go back and recalculate and create new entities you hadn't yet discovered. I've seen the best success in the NoSQL world when you treat data like a history book rather than a moment in time. What I mean by this is creating entities, mutating them, and trying to maintain a state is the natural pattern to assume, but it is often wrong. It leads to a many issues reported here and elsewhere and people declaring "such and such DB sucks". This is a SQL approach to using data and NoSQL fails badly at this generally speaking and should not be used to store "state" since state often requires ACID and relationships. Treating data as a history book, or log of events over time is a safer way to use NoSQL as an authoritative source. It plays well with their ability to scale simply and naturally and event data has no relations. Everything in the single event is immutable as it is a fact of occurrence. Invalidating a past event is as simple as generating a later event that says that event is now invalid from this point in time. From this you can generate "entities" which describe a relationship between your events. From your log data you can generate a session, for instance. These are not authoritative sources and if found to be invalid you recalculate the entity, or state, from the collection of events. I could create an entire social network profile for a person by aggregating and querying the history of events that make up their current state. And the real power is I can generate their state at precisely any point in time in the past and possibly predict what their state will be in the future based on their past stream of events and derivative states. If a past event was found to be invalid, a new event declares this and with a greater timestamp authorizes that fact and I can recalculate the entity that describes their "current state". This takes work and thought though and one of the promises you've seen from some NoSQL vendors is they save you work. The work is always there but you need to get comfortable thinking of data in a different way and not all data needs this approach. But, in many cases, NoSQL is not trash. Yeah in the SQL world you'll want to stick relational algebra and ERD's and then optimize from there. It really does and can be extrapolated to many, many use cases. To me, this is the real power of document data stores. It's not for everything such as configuration or business rule data. But for a lot of generated data in the form of events it's a useful way to organize data. Bonds are like the biggest bubble! With interest rates being so low they have almost nowhere to go but up in interest meaning today's bonds will lose incrediable amounts of value. If you're going to buy bonds the should be rather short term and at today's interest rates and low inflation you could also hold cash. For that reason I'm mainly in stocks with a some bonds and cash. I disagree. The spectrum is owned by the public which is managed by an elected government of the people. If a protest were to be judged by elected officials, or those appointed by them, to be in danger of harming citizens then taking actions like blocking access to the wireless spectrum for communication and organization purposes would be within the public good. I should think they would explain why this decision was made. Because these are elected officials or appointed by these elected officials, if the public found their judgement to be wrong or unfair, they can elect someone else to judge it. They already do. You are given a permit and if it's judged to be out of hand and a threat to the public then they can and do force the crowd to disperse. This happens all the time. No offense taken but I'm not sure why my statement provoked a response like yours. I stated that the people delegate these types of decision to elected officials. Their job is to protect the people. If, in some instance, they judged that a protest was in danger of harming the people and cutting cellular spectrum to that protest was the most effective method which could immediately relieve that danger, they could and should take it. And lastly, they should explain to the public why they took that measure. The people can then judge if it was a good decision or not through the democratic process. Which I have apparently limited my potential vote count by 1 if I ever decided to run. You sound like an anarchist. If you want to organize a group of people to use a public facility you need to request a permit. This is so that proper actions can be taken to make the event safe and to ensure that others have not planned access to that resource for that day. The state can not refuse to give a permit because of the content of the protest or organization - that would be a rights violation. However, if the gathering becomes unruly and dangerous to the public then of course it can be broken up. You are now violating the rights of others and that's where your rights end. Society and civilization does not survive in chaos. I mean that in an immediate threat sort of way. For instance, if someone robbing a bank it's the governments job to protect the citizens by apprehending the suspect. It's not the citizens job to protect themselves from immediate danger. Flooding in Houston - it is the governments job to help people to safety. It isn't their job to buy them a new home if they didn't purchase insurance. The UK has a very different view of what "free speech" is. In effect the UK does not have free speech. This would be unconstitutional in the USA. As for the first link, although it's absolutely crazy (especially considering that the "less vulnerable" people likely subsidize most of the police force) we do live in a society and someone has to make the decisions. These people are elected or appointed by the elected. If we don't like it we can protest and run another candidate and elect them. It honestly sounds like pragmatism from a police force that has been decimated by budget cuts made by elected representatives whose electorate simply doesn't want to pay the taxes required to fully fund a police force that can service everyone. You can't have it both ways. If it bothers you then vote for someone who says they will increase the budget by other cutting programs you don't value as much or by raising taxes. Take action through the democratic process to invoke the change you'd like to see and shape the world. The people passing policy you don't like certainly have and are the authority precisely because they have. But there's nothing stopping you. You're parsing now. Protecting yourself from an immediate threat is of course your responsibility. However, the government can hold the person liable for any harm they caused you. So immediate is a poor word as it can be easily misinterpreted and that's my fault. What I mean for example is it's not the citizens role to form a mob and hunt down a suspected criminal. That's the governments role. I agree it would have to be an extraordinary circumstance. When a protest becomes violent it is no longer a free speech issue though. If jamming radio frequency communication was somehow the best way to stop a bad situation from getting worse then it would be appropriate to do so. But it should be justified. Honestly, I struggle to come up with a scenario where jamming public internet access would be the best course of action. But hypothetically I don't see it as a violation of human rights to temporarily stop people in an area from communicating through the Internet on public airwaves if it's a reasonable and effective countermeasure to preventing disaster. This is illustrated nicely on the BBC series "The Hunt". Not only to they corral but they work with other fish in this process. There's a great scene where a Blur Whale comes out of the corner opening it's mouth and just swallows a massive gathering of krill. Highly recommended! Democracy is distributed power. Dissent has its voice in a democracy but should also respect that it is a not a majority opinion. It should work to peacefully persuade enough of its virtue to become the oppressive majority. Otherwise it's totalitarianism. > Thanks. I mean it. What do you mean? Haute Cusine is more than good food. It tends to be avante guard cooking with certain service standards. There tends to be a certain evolution and style to it. Marco Pierre White made some incredible food that was highly influential to Western haute cuisine but anyone serving food that way today would be considered passé even though it's simply astonishingly good, creative food. Italy is steeped in a good tradition that is its own thing. Haute cusine exists there. Look no further than Osteria Francescana. That caused an outrage in the Italian press when opened but is now universally agreed upon that its one of the worlds best restaurants with progressive Italian cooking. A revolution of a restaurant to a place resistant to change from tradition. Although I love fancy restaurants I prefer the warm, family style approach to food you see throughout Italy. Which is why Spain is my favorite food place. A great acceptance of super experimental food with a love for the traditional regional cuisine. It's such an open minded but authentic and true to itself good culture. The mid-tier is far more consistent in Japan. The tradeoff is it mainly only includes Japanese food. Which is vast and amazing. But in my experience I'd say a "typical" Japanese restaurant is of higher quality than a "typical" Western restaurant. The tradeoff is that you have more variety and acceptance (and embrace) in the West. Tokyo is better if you have 2 weeks. NYC is better if you have a year. At least today. I'm not Italian and have limited knowledge of the true traditions and broad relationship with food. The Netflix show "Chefs Table" featured this restaurant and spent some time exploring the local suspicion when the restaurant transformed. Was it sensationalizing it? I'm not sure. I've only spent limited time in Tokyo and was probably hunting for Japanese specific food so my observation is likely biased by that. But yeah I think you're touching on my point which is there's just much more breadth in NYC. Then add a progressive tax to investment income such as dividends, bond interest and proceeds. I don't know why we have a flat tax on investment income but a progressive tax on labor. The easy, and fair fix, is to progressively tax investment income. Most stores I've seen in Manhattan have them between $2.50 - $3.00 lately. However the fruit vendors on the street have them at $1.50. Usually 2 for $3.00. But you probably want to use them that day which I see as a feature. In the west we eat a lot more chicken feet than people think. Nearly any decent chicken stock is going to be made in part with chicken feet as they provide a lovely gelatinous component to the stock. If you're truly wealthy there's a good chance your "personal income" isn't coming from a paycheck you worked for. Your income is in the form of qualified dividends, proceeds from long term capital gains and other investment income. Of which you're likely paying very little (long term capital gain) to no (qualified dividend) tax on. Any tax reform that does not address the fact that investment income is taxed more or less flat compared to labor which is taxed progressively is missing a huge opportunity to tackle income inequality and making the wealthy "pay their fair share". - Lower the corporate tax rate significantly. This creates more value in companies and possibly a larger labor pool. - Install a progressive tax system on capital gains similar (larger standard deduction than labor) to how labor is currently taxed. Investors are making more on companies that pay lower taxes now. If investment is your sole source of income you'll actually be paying your "fair share" now. - Lower taxes on working people who spend most of their income. This creates more consumption and investment which leads to better markets. Federal inheritance tax is levied on 0.2% of the US population. It doesn't apply until you leave behind about $5.45 million dollars. If I was a politician I would leave it alone and let states deal with it. I think most people that are against the "death tax" know it won't affect them but it's the idea that income that was taxed is now being taxed again. The emotional appeal of leaving a better life for those you love, etc. So, I'd get rid of it. It's insignificant. It accounts for about .5% of total Federal revenue. Easy sacrifice. Which is why you lower the corporate tax rate. This gives companies more leverage to use the investment money they get. They can purchase assets, fund R&D, buy smaller promising companies, and hire more labor. Right now they will use any savings to buy back stock - that's the rational thing to do and makes the investors happy. But if we tax investment income progressively then buying back stock is great for the US Treasury - someone has to sell that stock to the company buying it back and it's taxed more! It becomes more reasonable to reinvest that money from a corporate perspective. This is what the investors will want done. Indeed and why I said that the "standard deduction" should be higher than labor. This means people who do not use the markets as a primary source of income but rather as a tool to go from no wealth to acquiring wealth aren't paying taxes on it for reasons you've stated. Or a minimal tax. But once you've become a successful investor over the years and have acquired more and more wealth your dividends are starting to get taxed higher and your proceeds which are now comparable to an income or possibly a primary income are becoming taxed. Because of compound interest and appreciation of capital assets you're being taxed on your new wealth. 0.2% of the population of the USA. Why should someone being a smoker deprioritze lung cancer research? They’re people who engage in a legal activity and pay heavy taxes to do so. We rarely discount medicine for the myriad other medical problems that occur from many other activities like eating bad foods (way worse than smoking), avoidable stress (not addictive) and the various substance abuse from pharmaceuticals et al. >- A day where I experienced $50+ non-surged fare estimate from downtown SF to the Sunset, something I've never seen before (usually $22-ish... I took MUNI.) I agree in my personal subjective experience. They recently estimated a fare for me at $50 for something that was usually about $17 - there was no surge going on - at least they didn't say there was. It was not a typically busy time either. I hailed a cab and the meter read $21 when I got home. And yes, I'm aware that they changed how they tell you a surge is going on and there was no "Fares are higher because of demand" message. I believe the term is “Other People’s Money” -OPM. That’s not true at all. If you bet 100% of your bankroll then yes. But you’re not factoring in that you calculate what percentage of your bankroll to bet given certain odds. If given 51% odds every time you will win considering you manage your bankroll well. This is well known as “Kelly Criterion” Good analogy. The one I use is to compare our modern use of the internet and social media as our eras cigarette. We know that it isn’t good for us but we don’t realky have any idea just how destructive it is to not only the user but to society. My analogy breaks down in that cigarettes have very little to 0 use where as the internet is in fact useful and can be safely used - much like sugar. Gordon Ramsay has so much experience and good advice in controlling costs. As he says, you can make the best food in the world but if your restaurant can't turn a profit how stupid are you going to look? Back in his starting out days he was so concerned with portion control and food costs he wouldn't even let the pasta dough that gets stuck to your fingers go to waste. Just every little detail. He couldn't afford truffles so he'd buy the broken pieces from the truffle dealer at a huge discount. He talks about when he worked with Marco Pierre White at Harvey's that MPW had to have the best of everything and the food was amazing. But that place never really made any money despite being sold out every night. He breaks the restaurant business into 4 weeks per month: Week 1 you make enough to pay your staff for the month. Week 2 you make enough to pay your food costs for the month. Week 3 you make enough to fund the operation (rent, bills, etc) for the month. Week 4 should be your profit. Then change the constitution instead of blithely ignoring it and conducting an illegal election. > When only one of the sides have weapons, there can not be a civil war, only a genocide. Certainly an argument in support of the second amendment of the United States. If the alternative is genocide then I'll take my chances. Asymmetric warfare is a real option and with enough turned generals and armed forces you'd have access to the same high powered weapons and the people could form a militia as well. Then what is the alternative? Wouldn’t you rather die with the honor of defending you and your families liberty than live under an oppressive regime? The argument that “the government is too strong they’d beat you with your puny guns” is so incredibly short sighted. You’re discounting the power the rifle gives the people not only as a weapon but a symbol of freedom and revolution. An armed society is a deterrent at the very least. Mozambique’s flag has an AK47 on it for a reason. Hotline was pretty good. I ran a banner server there for a bit to make some cash since I was pretty broke in college at the time. A better version of Hotline was Carracho in my opinion. More open communities and a better experience overall. Super nostalgic for those days right now. It was about a lot more than the files, at least after a new users initial frenzy. Great discussion groups, etc. Any Carracho users here from back then? Wasn’t a huge fan of KDX, probably because of the community I was engaged with on Carracho at the time. But good to hear it is still running. Might download the client and have a look! There is a provision in the House version of the tax bill to not tax the exercising of options until there is a liquidity event. In that case you wouldn't be taxed on the unrealized gain until you could sell the stock. I still think with options it should be as you've pointed out a tax-free event until you actually sell the equity for cash. The other side of it is everyone qualifies for a loan. So there's an enormous amount of risk associated with it and the interest rates do not reflect that risk. It's difficult to loan 18-year olds money as they tend to lack income and credit worthiness and it's also unreasonable to expect an 18-year old to really understand the future debt they are setting themselves up for. > Contrary to belief, is not about quantities. The procedure is more critical Indeed - in cooking, technique is supreme when it comes to to creating great food. So many new cooks get hung up on precise measurements but don't consider time and temperature and don't ask themselves why they're doing certain things at certain times. With time you begin to acquire a bit of an intuition about how much of whatever it is you might use and you learn quickly that you can always add more, but you can't often take something away. You should also be able to answer why each ingredient is being added - what is it trying to add, complement or remove if it wasn't added. And also remember that you can season and spice as you cook. You should always taste while you're cooking - it's a simple thought but so many people don't and once you find discipline in tasting while you cook, you hit a new level. Now baking - yeah you better get your measuring cups and scales out! Good advice considering cast iron is super cheap to buy. You need heavy cookware that can hold heat and it's super important to get the pan hot first and as you said, let the meat sit out for 30m-1h before cooking it. Dry the meat as well and salt a good 45m before cooking to draw moisture out of the thin surface areas and then sear in a hot pan. I usually use Falk copper cookware (but have some cast iron too when I want a ton of heat that stays hot) since it gets super hot but also has the added ability to change temperatures quickly. So when cooking, I have control and can start hot and take it off the burner to rapidly get the pan temperature down and then back up if I want to start creating a sauce from the fond, deglazing, etc. But I wouldn't recommend someone spending $300-$500 per copper pan when they're getting started! Cast iron is a great place to start - and if taken care of, will last you forever. Yeah, the Falk stuff is pretty top notch. They actually produce the copper for other major brands too. All-clad is great stuff. The copper stuff distributes heat a bit more evenly and also has more temperature control. It reacts a bit faster to changes in temperature and is more precise in holding a temperature and not creating hotspots. Very useful especially when making sauces or trying to keep precise temperature on something like a reduction that you don't want to boil. In terms of maintenance I clean the insides with BKF (the most magical cleaner on Earth) which is a thin stainless steal lining and I don't really polish the outsides - just soap and water. I prefer the patina look and because Falk doesn't polish the outsides and uses a brushed finish it really looks nice after many, many uses IMO. You have always been able to use the query DSL to write queries, aggregations, etc. If you're referring to scripting then yes, in 5.0 the "Painless" scripting language was introduced which allows you to send scripted queries via API request without having to store them on the server. The language was designed to not allow for exploits like when using other languages for running scripts on Elasticsearch. As in a publicly facing front end? If that's your case, you wouldn't ever want to expose Elasticsearch to your front end directly. If you have a private front end that is inside your firewall then just create HTTP requests to Elasticsearch - it has a RESTful API. But querying from a publicly facing front end would be a poor idea - would you expose a database directly to the front end? I empathize with the MTA a bit. It's an old system that is probably underfunded and operated by a very strong union which costs a lot of money. There are still parts of the system that no manufacturer builds for anymore requiring staff machinists to custom make parts. The signaling system is ancient and any real effort to modernize it (like on the L line) is fought by the union which considers modernization a threat to jobs. Lastly, it's a system that runs 24 hours a day which almost no other train system can claim. finding times for the appropriate maintenance is very difficult and requires all the rerouting you tend to see on the weekends. People litter so much more in NYC than they do in other major cities across the world in my experience and litter on the tracks causes so many issues. And there's little to no time to clear litter daily off the tracks. The system is underfunded, oversubscribed and outdated. This is great - cool idea. I'll register as this is something I really care about and this saves me research and time. It also helps me consider which meals I'd like to make. I'd be willing to pay a small monthly fee for this data being curated for me when you get the database a bit more fleshed out. All the time you spend on social networks, news sites and other junk food properties you should spend time reading tech docs of various techs you don't yet really understand. Just read their docs and blogs, etc instead of reading wasteful sites. It's tough but it really feels good when you get a good streak going. It's a huge issue in my opinion. Doctors who learn in Europe simply can't work here unless they get qualified in the state they want to work in, which is a waste. You see doctors from India and various other Asian countries because it's worth their effort to do so. But the USA should open it up to doctors from other countries to more easily work here. Simply passing a "Certification" or something should suffice. The next great thing tech can do is to automate and streamline as many procedures that currently require a physical doctor. We will need to lobby Congress to change regulations and possibly even torte reform for automated, computer based health care. I believe it's the best way we can scale health care. We need machines that can do the majority or tests and diagnosis to at least flag things as suspicious and then send the person onto a human doctor for further analysis. I think you're right to a point but there is a thing called etiquette. And we should respect that and not infringe on another person's enjoyment when inappropriate to do so. In terms of longer flights I find it ridiculous when people fully recline the second they are allowed to after takeoff. A small recline (20% for instance) is fine as it doesn't infringe on the person behind them and adds a sometimes necessary level of comfort that a fully upright seat does not. Fully reclining right after takeoff is rude and a breach of etiquette I believe. The main reason why, on a longer flight that is, is because drinks and food are served pretty quickly after the aircraft is stable. This means the person behind you requires a tray for a time to consume their beverage and meal. Etiquette says you should allow the person behind you to take advantage of this space during this time. Even if you choose not to partake in this event, you should respect the person's behind you who may in fact need this space to enjoy (as much as they can!) their meal with ample space. After the meal's waste have been collected is when I find it acceptable to go back all the way. This is often the time people begin to nap or sleep and the space is better used for this purpose. Some common courtesy, compassion and politeness goes a long way in making a better, more enjoyable place for everyone. I'm not sure a complex mechanical device is a requirement. The airlines could mention before takeoff that it's proper etiquette to not fully recline your seat until after the meal waste has been collected and to not recline during service. This doesn't physically stop someone from reclining but it certainly sets a social expectation of them and empowers a flight attendant to respectfully ask the patron to decline their seat when it is inappropriately reclined. Postmodernism has been en vogue in the USA since the late 1950's. You only need to look to American literature since then and you'll notice much of what is considered the "most important" fiction is Postmodern. Which means it is cynical, ironic and skeptical of all the things you associate with the French. This is not a fringe philosophical concept bound to popular novel's either. Look to the background of villains in mainstream super hero movies, to our politics (many call Trump the first Postmodern president), and the drive to be "authentic" in every aspect of the self for reasons of self promotion in some kind recursive cynical loop which other view as a perfect specimen of our contemporary irony, nearly perfected! I'm not an expert on French culture or any culture per-se, but perhaps Americans (of which I'm one) do have a more superficial embrace of sentimentalism and a less critical approach to hero worship and "getting rich" and maybe it isn't driven by cynicism as much as naiveté but that's only one aspect of the culture as a whole. Even still, I'd argue most people are driven by the Postmodern philosophy wether they know it or not; are more cynical then they even know and skeptical of our institutions (universities, churches, etc) on one side or another. In terms of the milk, my thoughts were he was trying to settle his stomach as LSD tends to cause a sensation of stomach tightness. One the reasons “Restaurant Tim Raue” is one of my favorite haute cuisine restaurants in the Western world. His food is electric with well placed spices while using Western ingredients and techniques to create a truely unique and dynamic cuisine. He still let’s the core ingredients shine and doesn’t “over spice” but somehow manages to take you on a road that begins with a fiery amuse bousche and ends the meal with numbing peppercorns sprinkled atop a fragarent orange slice. David Foster Wallace had some interesting thoughts on this. From my interpretation he came to the conclusion that you can't blame the pornographers. They're just responding to market demand and the market is demanding more and more deviant and salacious content. His thoughts on why the market is demanding more demeaning content has to do with the social acceptance of pornography - or at least of porno of the time you're talking about. One of the big allures of pornography is that it is "naughty" and deviant. As it becomes accepted the quest to find content that is not socially OK pushes pornographers to create it. A market gets created. To the point we are an asymptote of snuff films more or less. So that although groups that would traditionally balk at porn and forced what we'd consider even mild porn into the underground are annoying, they may be providing a service in social health in limiting progression into a darker and darker realm of pure humiliation films, faux rape films, etc. The article was titled "Big Red Son". Worth reading. You might be interested in this: http://mongorocks.org/ MongoDB has plug-able storage engines. Most meaningful data is in fact not relational. When you consider machine generated data, logs, metrics, network event data and all other types of data like this you find there are not relations in it. This data is meaningful because it allows to analyze what's going on over massive systems, detect when problems will happen, find bottle necks in applications and infrastructure, among many other use cases. Application domain data tends to be relational I'd agree. But in general, this makes up a very small percentage of meaningful data in the world. Well, it's all a point of view really. The data is in the form of an "event". An occurrence of a fact which occurred at a particular time and has data associated with it. So therefore, a "relation" as constructed in a relational database isn't appropriate. You aren't truly denormalizing the data when repeating ID's or tags or labels in this type of data. This is because, at that time that was in the fact the associated ID, tag, label, etc. It would make the stored event false if a field associated with it were to be changed as at the time of the event, that field did not have that value. But it's all semantics really at that point. Anyways, a relational database is a poor solution for this type of data. The stored data gains little to nothing, and may even negatively affect it's integrity (at time t, the event DID have this ID; it DID have this label), when stored relationally. Each event is discrete and there will be many of them which optimizes better for scale than relational organization. I guess my point was there is vastly more useful data appropriate for a non-relational database than there is for relational databases. You might say it still has a "relation" in an abstract sense but this data does not need relational semantics within the database it resides in. As someone who has to figure out what rates to pay people doing the same jobs across Europe and the USA I can say you're probably right. Our European employees make considerably less base salaries in general except for the Swiss employees who make on average typical base salaries as our USA employees. To be fair the potential to earn a high salary is much higher in NYC than many other places. All those huge towers are full of executives, VP's and highly skilled workers. There are many hundreds of thousands of people making 6-figure salaries here and tens of thousands making over a million. However, many people in NYC do not make big money and it comes down to living further away from Manhattan and having roommates. Depending on the industry you're in you can have a huge range in salaries based on experience, your reputation and simple luck. How do you know they didn’t try? Mulesoft doesn’t have to agree to terms of an offer. It’s not like Salesforce could have even bought a large percentage of the shares when they went on offer. You don’t make 100% of the company available. Sometimes companies ipo to prove to buyers that they believe their market value is higher than potential buyers think. I can’t speak for Mulesoft but their stock has been mainly excellent and their transition to a public company has been fantastic. Mulesoft brought a great company to market and Salesforce was willing to pay a 23% premium. Mulesoft thought that was fair - today. Their quarterly reports always have similar wording, to wit: "If open source software programmers, most of whom we do not employ, do not continue to develop and enhance open source technologies, we may be unable to develop new technologies, adequately enhance our existing technologies or meet customer requirements for innovation, quality and price. We rely to a significant degree on a number of largely informal communities of independent open source software programmers to develop and enhance our enterprise technologies. For example, Linus Torvalds, a prominent open source software developer, and a relatively small group of software engineers, many of whom are not employed by us, are primarily responsible for the development and evolution of the Linux kernel, which is the heart of the Red Hat Enterprise Linux operating system. If these groups of programmers fail to adequately further develop and enhance open source technologies, we would have to rely on other parties to develop and enhance our offerings or we would need to develop and enhance our offerings with our own resources. We cannot predict whether further developments and enhancements to these technologies would be available from reliable alternative sources. In either event, our development expenses could be increased and our technology release and upgrade schedules could be delayed. Moreover, if third-party software programmers fail to adequately further develop and enhance open source technologies, the development and adoption of these technologies could be stifled and our offerings could become less competitive. Delays in developing, completing or delivering new or enhanced offerings could result in delayed or reduced revenue for those offerings and could also adversely affect customer acceptance of those offerings." When we scaled it to the level it’s at today. A university education was at one time for academics and our best minds. There were plenty of jobs for everyone else. Those jobs are gone and a university degree has scaled to a level where many students wouldn’t be there under the original intent of the university. The purpose of the university has changed as our society has changed. But we are using the old, unscalable model to try and scale a university degree for the many. It’s more a socio-economic thing than racist I think. It’s disproportionately affects you the lower on the wealth heiarchy you are. Only for EU IP addresses. Seems like a good way to keep their people ignorant akin to China or NK firewalls. But in a way that appears less authoritarian and "to protect EU business interests". Lets face it - power structures are terrified of the open communication available today and how everyone is able to organize and see through their BS. Every nascent industry is dominated by startups and little guys becoming big guys. It happened with oil, the auto industry, electronics, and among many, many others. Although I believe we're only in the midst of the information revolution it would make sense that over time as the industry matures it becomes more and more difficult to break into it. The big guys have leverage and lawyers and I think what we see today with many startups being built to get bought rather than as new enterprises that will stand on their own is evidence of this new phase shift. I think that's the point. It's supplemental income for someone - not a real business. You're forgetting there is supply and demand as well. If there are more places to live than people who need them, then landlords and property owners will have to compete to offer the best price. This would drive prices downward, even if everyone has an equal constant added to their income. Then there's the possibility of some people working less or quitting one of their 2 jobs so they can enjoy their life a bit more. So their actual income could remain flat. If enough people do this then landlords wouldn't be able to increase rates either. I think this would be a nice iteration on the concept of social welfare for all. The real advantage to money is that it is 100% fungible. By restricting what UBI can actually pay for (Class B money it could be called) this then limits abuse. Of course some will still abuse the system and trade their Class B money for less Class A money but there's a certain amount of fraud potential you simply need to accept, even while policing and enforcing the law. I'm not a fan boy or anything but he's a rather remarkable person. To take advantage of the biological attributes he was given and work insanely hard to maximize them from a young age. All while not being distracted by all the other things that could lead to squandering his natural talents. And then not relying just on those but enhancing them through dedication and discipline. Then you throw in all the pressure he had as a youth to be the next big thing and then going to the NBA and succeeding immediately in terms of personal ability. Yes, he had that PR blunder when he left Cleveland but he had good reason to - he just took bad advice and went about it wrong. But he proved his point and then came back home and helped win a championship for his hometown team. All this while remaining super charismatic, not falling into bad habits or getting involved in scandals. Being a good father and marrying his high school sweetheart whom he has 3 children with. Doing things for the community that aren't vapid or short term PR grabs. But really trying to make a difference. All the while coming from a very disadvantaged place economically and without his father around. He's by all accounts a savvy and smart businessman and hasn't blown it like so many people with rags to riches stories. He has kept his good friends around and integrated them into his businesses in ways that make sense. He appears to show true loyalty to those that were with him before he became what he is today. He's well spoken and thoughtful on top of it all. I don't follow his sport much but he is a person who appears to just be exceptional in many ways. He just seems so genuine and without the veneer that other stars really suffer from. Granted he has a massive PR team and marketing team but it would have been so easy to have a slip-up. It would have been easy to make bad business decisions and it would have been easy to find new "friends" and women and all the other things that are short term. But he has a goal larger than being an NBA star and he's stuck with it. It's only a single example but vinyl record ownership has continuously increased dramatically over the last few years and continues to do so. Maybe if you make an object worth possessing against the digital version, they'll be an audience for it? The important discussion should be not about American's losing their idea of private ownership but about American's learning the idea of owning their information and data about them. I don't care that I stream media, use SaaS for email or don't own a car but rather rely on ride share and public transit. But what I do care about is the companies that provide these services are brokerages for data about me. I'm not aware of a single American politician who has as a prime issue the idea of private data ownership. That we can make laws that ensure that any data gathered about you belong to you and that companies are privileged to use it and do not get to dictate terms around it. That if you want to do business in a way that includes personal data of any kind then there are laws you have to follow that greatly restrict what you can do with that data. That upon request every single data point about a person can be disclosed to that person and how you've used that data and an audit trail with regards to that information. Civil Rights for private data could be a thing. The alternative is sitting inside all day. Having something to do at least lets you get out and make your day more interesting. Oh yeah, I wasn't thinking in that context. Just in context of cooking or doing cleanup or something like that. The public cloud changed everything. Having Amazon just extract all the value of and strip mine the commercial value of these projects without contributing anything back has left a sour taste in peoples mouths. It made more sense when you could release a product openly and then start a business around supporting it, consulting and training and selling "enterprise" versions for serious customers. But now that's even hard to do when everyone just wants to use AWS, etc to use this software. It's a double edged sword and we take for granted. These projects have grown and become so feature rich because of the investment in them and the ability to hire hundreds of developers to contribute full time. But then this is harvested by someone who isn't paying for it and not just a little bit - a whole lot. What will eventually happen is we won't have feature rich products that are open source in the future without a change in how we think about licensing. The Apache License is not compatible with running a business around an open source project any longer. They should call it the "Redis Labs License". Niger has unbelievably great music. Recently picked up a copy of " Etran De L'Aïr - No. 1" (2014) and it's fantastic. "Azna De L'Ader" (late 70's) is a fantastic find as well - super rhythmic acid rock bursting with energy and passion and completely original. These are just a couple artists from that region I'm into lately and this stuff is as fresh to me as when I discovered punk rock in the early 1990's. Quite a bit different from the things you're suggesting showing that there's a huge range of sound coming from that region and there has been for a long time, however not documented in the West. Sahel Sounds is an imprint that has been putting out a ton of great stuff for a few years now. Interest rates is mainly the issue. Money is insanely cheap right now (and has been for many years) making assets rise in value. Bump a mortgage to 14% like it was in the early 80’s and you’d see the home price cut in half. I remember being a kid in the 80’s and getting 5.4% on a savings account! Many are qualified dividends so they are taxed as long term capital gains if you’ve held the stock for at least 60 days. If you are wealthy and don’t draw an ordinaryincome then this also means your tax rate is 0% on your qualified dividends. That's the irony of it all. It seems like so many people complain about the comfort of airlines when in aggregate they put airlines that offered better amenities out of business due to slightly higher prices. Before the internet became the standard for booking travel, travel agents were often used to book flights. They could persuade people to spend just a bit more (around $10-$20) to fly on airlines with better food and more space. It worked! As soon as sorting by price became the standard it became a race to the bottom. Airlines are only responding to market demand. The fact is everyone want's a premium experience but when it comes time to pay they only want the absolute cheapest fare. The travel aspect of a trip is now considered a tolerated annoyance instead of part of the overall experience. The same thing is happening with hotels as they eliminate services to offer cheaper rooms with nothing else. Do you value quality of quantity you need to ask yourself. Is it better to have fewer long trips or frequent short trips you need to ask yourself. Save for it. Get good credit cards with valuable travel points. Put it off until you can pay for a premium experience which you'll enjoy more. While saving research deeply where you are going and plan for a longer trip - it makes spending money on better travel more economical. Airlines don't care one way or another. It's customers that want to cram as many seats as possible as that makes their cost cheaper. If there was a market for comfortable travel that was reasonably more expensive than what we have today it would exist. I know this because it used to be like this. As soon as "sort by price" became the main way people book travel it killed this option. People want the cheapest flight possible and airlines are serving what the public has demanded. As someone who used to fly a lot for work and get free upgrades or use points for them, the amazing mystique of it all wears off after awhile. Even with points you'll find me in my bed right after take off. The drinks and food are fine and all but waking up in another timezone 100% fresh is priceless and adds 2 days to your trip minimum. Tough life. I think many people would. But yet there is incessant complaining about their flight. There just seems to be this cognitive dissonance between keeping money in the pocket and complaining about flight arrangements. Either save longer or deal with it. The band "Devo" called this years ago. The "Devo Corporate Anthem" song is still great and cynically true to this day - in fact more than ever. I'm not into conspiracies either but just follow the money. Who is endowing universities with billions of dollars? And what types of social issues / humanities do these universities teach to kids and which ones due they tend to ignore? The people who work in these warehouses should unionize. They have a strong case and their roles can not be outsourced. These things have to be local for it to work - it needs people for it to work. Automation may come eventually but it's not as close as people think. This is the perfect environment for a union to operate in. Boycott them and don't purchase or use their products. If you feel strongly about it go further and organize more people to do the same. Try to convince people who don't feel the company is unethical that it is. But in the end you can't expect because you don't like a company that your feelings on what should happen to come to be. It's like so many people complaining on Twitter about Twitter not banning voices they don't like. If you don't like Twitter's policies then stop using their product. If enough people agree with you and do this they will change. If you feel it's worth spending your life organizing people to boycott Twitter then spend your life doing that. But the culture of demanding that platforms must adhere to someones arbitrary expectations as if using their platform is a right is ridiculous. Wait until they get more efficient at it. This kind of thing can be highly automated with software that only has to within a tuned degree of certainty determine who else needs additional screening. You can tune this precisely on how many humans you have around at a given time and can facilitate the "Enhanced search" of the devices. Right but there will be just be a law that specifies anyone trying to purposely circumvent the search will be accused of a felony. Of course the vast majority will agree because of "safety" and "if you have nothing to hide...". The step after is an "express pass" that has you download software that constantly monitors your usage and uploads it to TSA and related. Helpful widgets and dashboards will be available to see at what level of compliance you're at and used like a credit rating for participating in society. It depends really. It could cause an inflation in prices but not necessarily. It could come out of the profits a company makes as they try and compete by keeping their prices lower while still paying higher wages. This would have an effect on the share price of the company as their bottom line would decrease but could also increase share price if they make it up in volume due to being more competitive. It could also create efficiency in the company since they would incentivized to have fewer employees making more money while producing more efficiently. For "learn at your own pace" trainings, the key to ensuring people take the entire thing and do the labs is to make each training "course" very small and consumable in a short period of time. Have it focus on a specific thing someone would want to do within the domain of the greater problem. This lets people pick and choose which isolated topics (can have pre-req's) they need to take and because they can learn the task quickly they have a high rate of completion. Creating mountains for people to climb isn't always the best approach. By creating a series of small foothills, learners can pick and choose which tasks they need experience on and I believe this also leads to better skill retention. How do you know that the DoD/CIA isn't behind this? Why does that matter at all? How do you know the CIA didn't use Chinese spies to do this? Although from a different agency, the motto "Nothing Is Beyond Our Reach" is telling. None at all. I'm not saying it is the CIA. But it isn't like they do't have a history of wanting to spy on anyone they could. Shorting a stock doesn't include the time element of options not to mention the relative lack of liquidity in derivatives as opposed to the equity. Saying that, for most amateurs I'd recommend selling puts than shorting since shorting has unlimited downside risk. Sometimes shorting against the box makes sense if you have the asset in another account and can't sell it there. You could short it in your primary account and then move the shares over which make take a few days locking in a sell price. When the shares arrive in your primary account it covers the short position. Yeah, meant to say buying a put - thanks! My biggest caution against shorting a stock VS a put is the potential loss. At least with a put your loss is capped. I haven't read the details but not entirely. They will likely dilute their own outstanding shares by adding the required shares needed to acquire the company at that value. This will lower the total ownership as a percentage that each share represents but now every share owns more stuff. So yes they are creating new shares making every other share worth less but it isn't a direct transfer of existing shares. You'll notice companies get board approval for setting aside a number of theoretical shares they could create if they wanted to for things like this or secondary offerings, etc. You're not offering MongoDB as a service though. I think that part is pretty explicit. > It just doesn't feel like open source anymore. I guess it depends on what generation you come from. The GPL was far more popular when I was coming up where as today the Apache License seems to be more popular. They have very different philosophies. I for one see no issue with companies that have invested a lot of money into OSS protect themselves from mega corporations which contribute nothing to the project and simply exploit it. This is more dangerous as the project we all take for granted could then dry up and then we're left with a mega corporation cloud provider offering that isn't interested in improving the software I use. How would they litigate against a mega corporation? Mongo is a very small company compared to many cloud providers. They would be tied up in the courts for years and spend hundreds of millions and possibly drive the company into bankruptcy. Similarly things happened when MySQL was an independent company in need of cash. Because the license was GPL and GPL law wasn't well established yet they were able to shakedown some companies using MySQL with veiled threats of GPL violations. MongoDB client drivers are all Apache however. But yes, I feel you have valid reasons to be concerned. What's the source of this rumor? To be precise, Christine Peterson coined it. The OSI was formed very shortly after. It was literally defined at a party. Or a strategy session to be precise. They aren't violating anything. They own the copyright. The license exists for everyone else that isn't MongoDB Inc. They can do as they please and this isn't sketchy or in violation of everything. Open source software still has copyright and the owner of the copyright has no limitations to what they can do with the software they own. Open source software comes with a license which limits what everyone else can do with the software. It absolutely does not make them hypocritical. They own the copyright and can do as they choose. They simply don't want other companies getting rich on their back by simply offering a MongoDB SaaS. Why is it OK for AWS to just take a project and start making millions off of it while the people who invested in the project get nothing? AWS and similar cloud companies are simply trying to strip mine all the value from some popular open source projects and contribute nothing back. Most of these cloud companies show zero interest in partnering with the copyright owners so now we're seeing copyright owners take a stand against this exploitation. There's a big difference between a piece of free software being vital to your codebase and you simply selling that free software as-a-service. As a hiring manager (not at Google) I would say yes, and significantly so. EU employees make far less than equivalent USA colleagues when factoring in job title and location. It costs a lot to employ someone in the EU and the workers are well protected. I can not easily terminate an employee in the EU like I can in the USA. Taxes paid to employ someone in the EU are significantly higher than in the USA. This cuts both ways as you can see. You'll make far less in the EU generally but you have better job protection and the additional taxes we pay to hire an EU employee hopefully go to government programs you like. However, if you're an in-demand employee who does good work you're going to make significantly more money in the USA generally speaking. The good news is the UK is compensated better than most EU countries in my experience. But still significantly lower than USA employees in the same role. However, you get health care out of that and can retire early with a lowered risk in terms of health issues. The truth is, in my experience, people in the major cities (and even some outside them) in the USA are the most highly compensated people on Earth. Canada and the EU have a lot of social systems that cost a lot of money. They have a lot of worker protections. This means it costs more to hire someone there and it is very difficult to get rid of them meaning more risk for the company. Because of this (and other reasons I'm sure) the wages are far lower. In the low end and even mid-tier this probably works out better for Canada and the EU. But at the high end, which these jobs are, you're paying a large price compared to the USA. But hopefully you find the costs worth it. I believe based on comments here that they are reflecting current value, not initial grants. Many of these companies have performed insanely well over the last 10 years and anyone getting typical grants have done well by them. An AMZN grant from 4 years ago is worth over 5X from then, for instance. 6.5X 1 month ago for that matter but October was rough. Being at the right company during the right 10 years is transformative and leads to early retirement. I'm amazed how little coverage Starlink, OneWeb, etc get. It's the next revolution and the most important tech since the smart phone. Think about the great firewall of China. It's dead after this. Having a cell provider and home internet provider. Gone. Poor bandwidth anywhere on Earth - a thing of the past. This is important and huge. Buy rural property that is undeveloped. In 10 years time you'll be able to power it with solar and battery arrays and connect it with these satellites. A self driving carriage will deliver whatever goods you need the same day. Water is a well away and a septic tank isn't difficult to build. No doubt. I just believe that interest in rural living will explode in certain areas that are beautiful. And not even that rural necessarily. The reason I think it becomes more popular is that people won't feel so remote any longer with modern conveniences and communications. The big no-no for many people today who choose city or suburban life is that they can't easily communicate with the rest of the world, don't have easy access to consumer products and certainly don't have modern things we take for granted. This changes very soon I think. So it's not even that most or a majority of people would do this but I think there's a lot of people relatively speaking that would choose this if they had these modern accommodations which are simply impossible right now. I believe there will be much larger communities than there is today. It won't be a majority or even a large minority but significant over what it is today. Hence the buy the property today for 10-20 years out. Certainly not for everyone in every possible situation but there's a lot of people that would choose today if they didn't have to give up communications, electricity and other modern conveniences. We won't see a flight like we did to the suburbs but I do think we'll see a renewed interest in rural living with all the modern tools of urban and suburban life. When "things" are virtual and physical things are easily shipped, it becomes real as disillusioned people try and reconnect with something more real - but not too real and rugged. ;) Some type of social credit system with power at the local and global level. Give active and creditable participants in a single community more authority there by giving more votes. Global credibility (you play nice in other communities) additionally is factored into the users ability to influence. Make this credit consumable. This way a community that wants to disrupt another will have to overspend and leave themselves vulnerable to destruction. MAD in essence. Asians are the poorest racial group in NYC. https://www.google.com/amp/s/m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_58ff... The 7 train stops at Grand Central so going North is essentially the same. Vermont is starting a program where they will pay you to move there and work for an out of state company remotely. To the companies benefit you can pay employees substantively less outside major cities. NYC should never negotiate. If you want to be in NYC then pay full price. There’s no shortage of demand here. The benefits of being here are manifold in and of itself. I’m not sure. I think they have a set number of grants and you have to come as a new Vermont resident. First come first serve. I think the idea is to attract folks from major Eastern cities that lust for the country side. It is a gorgeous state....but winter. Documentation doesn't exist to explain concepts and give tutorials so much as document functionality and possibly show examples of use. I think one of the best reasons is because for users that have some experience with the technology want to be able to quickly find the documentation they're interested in. Can this API do X, for instance. And if it can what is required, what is optional and what are the ranges for values. I don't want to wade through lots of text and other clutter. I'd much rather have a tutorial or training be a different thing I can use when new to the technology. Good science has its methods published, is reproducible and is peer reviewed. Another, perhaps better, headline would be: "Why You Shouldn't Trust Every 'Study' You See". Lets take it a step further. Your news feed will know who is watching it, will have a loads of data on your interests, beliefs and opinions and will cater the same news event specifically optimized for your consumption. Instead of having a handful of news organizations which have obvious biases one way or another to attract that particular audience, we'll have a unique experience for every individual. I'm actually a bit surprised that print news hasn't gotten to this step yet. Just the injection, removal, or substitution of certain words can completely change the meta-message of the news article. Add a central authority and reprogramming people is as easy, as you've mentioned, as a few config variables. > It is rare to be used when the subject is a human, but rather when the subject is an object. Thank you for that. That really adds to the humanity of the poem that the translation just couldn't possibly. Their prices are often worse than yellow cabs in NYC. They act like locals won't be able to tell but it's pretty obvious when it's a $10 more ask at a time that isn't even busy and there are yellow cabs everywhere. It's not so much that it's a "bad deal" for NYC but rather that this practice needs to be better regulated if legally possible. It's a policy that both the Libertarians on the right and the Social Democrats on the left can mainly agree on here and could work together to solve which is limiting corporate welfare that pits cities against each other. I'm not defending yellow cabs here. There's a reason ride-share has taken so much of their market. I'm just pointing out how ridiculous Uber is by trying to charge me significantly more than a yellow cab to get somewhere when I can ballpark the cost pretty easily. It's just a very poor longterm business decision. Only now do I try other services because I am suspicious that Uber is trying to rip me off. They charge 2 different prices at the same time for the same ride to 2 different people. And they aren’t clear about this. I didn’t say it’s a con and sometimes they charge less. But it’s certainly a practice that makes me skeptical and check out other services.