It seems to me that this could easily be defeated by switching on 'red eye reduction' to produce a smaller flash moments before the main flash. Hang on, I thought "features are a one-way street" Another Mac user here. I gave Ubuntu a spin the other week, running in Virtualbox on my main machine. I thought it looked slick and was very usable. Then I tried downloading and installing Firefox 3. I grabbed it, unarchived it and then.... then what? Where's the bloody installer. Yes, that's exactly the kind of trite understanding of history that the author is worried about. Well done. ... and no, I'm not a boomer. ...and if you did it yourself on a bit of paper you would probably end up having to scan it in. I think the look is excellent. It makes explicit to the client or whoever that this is a mock-up and not to be confused with the look and feel of the app/site. You can say that until you are blue in the face and quite often someone will say 'isn't that line a bit thick'. Moreover sometimes designers can get locked into overly prescriptive design rough too early. This avoids that. I don't see any conflict. You suggest that that eval is used to "manipulate search results". It could just as easily be used to score results and flag up problems in the ranking mechanisms. As the man says, they are constantly refining the algorithm, - so presumablt they need constant feedback on how well the algorithm's working. No? Many thanks for the explanation. Much appreciated. Got it. many thanks. For the same reason that people still write with a Biro or Hoover the carpet. I remember playing this as a kid about 35 years ago. It was described in a book called The Indoor Games boo, published in the UK. The same book also introduced me to the rather fun 'Nine Mens Morris' - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nine_Men's_Morris Thats how these things always start. ... and then people start requesting 'just a couple' of new features. The Tag inspector is a Webkit feature, as are the resizeable text input boxes. Webkit has been getting 100% on Acid3 for a few months now, so I'm not sure why your Chrome install isn't. Anyone had any luck getting the help/how to use pages to come up? Interesting that it still lists the Mayor of London as Ken Livingstone, who was elected out back in May. "Apple doesn't tell musicians, "don't make crappy music," or "you song is of limited musical appeal." You're right - Apple relies on music publishers to do that for them. The analogy between music store and appstore is not exact. My main thought watching the advert was, "that's sad, Bill Gates steps down from running Microsoft, and now spends his time in discount shoe stores?" I'm honestly not trying to take a dig at the ad, but it did feel rather tragic. "What's missing knowing how to do it (software inventions)". Not really, the scope of the hardware plays an important role. Consider: that you could perform the processing needed to play Half Life 2 on an abacus. But even if the abacus wielder followed the commands exactly and emulated the x86 instructions with paper and pencil, would anything actually emerge from the exercise that would be enlightening in anyway? Probably not, since it would take a few thousand years (I'm handwaving here) to compute the contents of the first frame. Which suspect would pale insignificance compared to the threat from the new generation of pirate that such an installation would spawn. Visions of a parrot sitting on someone's shoulder squawking "pieces of RAM". Personally, I would have though that in a world with Twitter, IM and all the rest, e-mail would be the least of your worries. I came here to say the same. Effectively content free, possibly actually content negative. I think most of his analysis is reasonable, certainly I think many of the Mac icons work better at smaller sizes. I think he cuts the Safari icon too much slack, however - I didn't realise that there were continents painted in the background of the compass, and the compass is fairly weak as a metaphor for the Web. I think the Finder icon is poor too. Disclosure: Another Mac user. The essay makes this assertion a couple of times: "The banking system .. just lost > 1 Trillion dollars (so far) on a single error, more than was ever earned in the history of banking." Really, more than was ever earned in the history of banking? To me that would seem to imply that at this point every banking institution would be bankrupt. Shouldn't a guy who chides people for sloppy thinking be rather more careful, or am I just missing something and being stoopid? If AIG went down, do you in some way think you would find it easier to get a loan. On the contrary, I think it would be unlikely that anyone would be lending anyone anything. Excellent! Live clickable ads on the Wall in Half Life! Probably for ammo shops and medical retailers, I suspect. Wet-wipes are your friend. "The ending is my favorite Stephenson ending." ... you mean, he's included one this time? Summary: Web 3.0 is mashups, in an environment where more Web components have well defined interfaces and are, therefore, mashable. The story itelf appears to have exploded. Businesses fail for one of 3 reasons: 1. Bad idea 2. Bad execution 3. Outside forces. Astonishing! what a revelation! Judging by the amount of money I spend on shareware apps (for the Mac) someone's making some money. I can't be the only one, can I? The page doesn't seem to render here. I love Hacker news, but, but... has there ever been any discussion about the desirability of having a couple of lines of summary under the headline? The headline only format irks me. Oops, I'm modded down. I presume that this is a stupid idea that has been suggested and rejected n000 times before. Anyone? I wonder to what extent this will put a dent in Twitter. For anyone in a similar situation in the UK, I recommend http://www.voipfone.co.uk/ I've used them from a while as I'm based from home. You can get a London number routed to a dedicated VoIP phone hanging off your router, you also get voicemail that goes to your e-mail for free and an SMS notification etc when a voicemail is left. Not involved with them, but just a happy punter who found he could set up shop at home without installing a second line. The problem with the original poster's suggestion is that the original headline was written to be seen in context. Usually this means that it is accompanied bny full text that can be seen at a glance, sometimes it means that it is seen with a brief summary. HN is splendid, but as a noob, I find myself grinding my teeth that I have to click on every single damn link to see what the story is actually about. I mean "Tim O'Reilly to software developers: get serious" what's that actually about? Anything worth my time? who knows. I have to admit, as a user I rather miss OpenDoc. Cyberdog was nifty. ...and I predict that once Twitter tries to charges a corporates it will be replaced by an RSS Feed. In what way are you required to read an SMS the moment that it arrives? I kept waiting for him to say something novel, but gave up after about 15 minutes. Clearly, I'm missing something. I wonder if we'll end up with the kind of movement that swept Usenet back in the 80s when everybody's .sig seemed to contain content for 'the line eater': Explosion, terrorism, Osama etc If I'm buying a game, do I really care whether they are in London or Essex? No, I don't - the game is going in the post anyway. The UK list is a bit grim at the moment, mainly because you are mixing cities and counties into the same list. That comes across as strange, almost as if you are making a category error. Have you though of sticking to counties, or using sythentic regions (The South East, The Northwest, the Midlands etc). If I were you I might think instead about asking the user for his/her postcode. Then the user can decide to rank hits by proximity if they want, or by other criteria. I want the closest piano stool. I live in East London; some parts of Essex are closer to me than some parts of London. The East London Line was closed for several days the other month when a rather large bomb was found during work on the Olympic Park. I don't want to push the point in an irritating way, but I think you should think about amending the post flow.... Currently you have people selecting a region and THEN selecting what they want. It would be better to have people select what they want and THEN select how important the proximity is. That solves (i) The arbitrary city/region issue and (ii) Lets you advertise on the home page the scope of what people can shop for, rather than advertising all the cities in a country. Sorry - how exactly do you mount the disk of an unbootable Mac on another machine, via an Ethernet cable? I think one problem with this analysis is the assumption that all empires collapse in the same way. It's quite possible that any U.S collapse will be more akin to that of the U.K. A gradual decline and disengagement from foreign territories. Err, excuse me. I've taken my daughter to A&E (the UK equivalent of ER) a couple of time in her life due to high fever and a very nasty hacking cough. On both occassions, they prescribed ibuprofen, liquids and on one occassion put her in a cooling bath to reduce temperature. On both occassions I was satisfied: I was pretty sure that it was a viral infection, but with a temperature that high, I wanted to be sure. I would be bloody annoyed if the docs prescribed unnecessary antibiotics. Not all patients are dense and doctors shouldn't treat us as if we are - that just spreads ignorance. Actually, we are lucky over here now. NHS is a really very good phone consulting service. You phone up with a sick child and they take you through a very VERY detailed list of symptoms and questions. This phone service has saved me a couple of night trips to the hospital since it started. Summary: Turning to a wholey raw vegan diet appears to have affected my cognition adversely. '64. So Generation X, according to this, thoug to be honest I've never felt part of a particular generation. I've picked up a couple of consulting gigs through providing decent answers im the Answers section. If I have a few moments spare at the end of the day, I'll look through open questions and answer them. Sometimes they are interesting questions that I would like to think through myself; sometimes they land directly in my area of expertise. But it's a win-win you help someone, and at the same time advertise that you are a reasonable, helpful guy who knows at least something about an area. By comparison, I find Facebook completely pointless. It is redundant in precisely the same way. It's also a very clever framing the question in a leading way. Let's try framing it in another way: Let's say you're a business decision maker, and you got yourself on this cloud computing kick. Who would you rather buy your cloud resources from? 1. A company who built its entire business on the high availability of its international network of online transaction engines, 2. A company which has built its business on indexing, and processing one of the biggest data stores in the world, and which has also built and run the world's most popular Internet-based productivity tools. 3. A company whose business relies om shipping a PC operating systems and which also supplies a word processor. " I'm not saying that my framing is any less biased, just that there is more than one way to view these things. In the latter instance, the term you are looking for is not 'Markup' it is 'source' or 'text'. I don't read nearly as many books as I used to, but that's because I now look after two kids. I used to read on the way to work on the Tube every day. I am reading two books at the moment though - Iain M Bank's latest - Matter, and Dennet's Darwin's Dangerous Idea Now, I'm sure you are a splendid, law-abiding 100% legit operation. However from a potential customer point of view and without additional information this could look like a brilliant scam designed to phish for various types of high-value, possibly company-confidential information. In your FAQ you have: Q: Are my files and data secure? A: Yes, your files are uploaded using a secure SSL encrypted transfer service. To be honest, if I were using such a service, transmission to your servers would be the least of my worries. This may be something that you could address, perhaps by beefing up the how does it work section. Do you have a little sweatshop somewhere with people retypring data? I think you should make explicit provision in your will, including instructions on how to access passwords. Thinking about it, I would be quite tempted to leave my wife a 'to be opened in the event of my death' envelope containing (among other things) the master password to my Mac's Keychain. I Apple is tinkering with Internet search, my guesses would be: 1. Extending Spotlight to handle remote data as well as local 2. ... No, actually I can only think of that. All of these examples appear to have been swiped from the rather excellent http://www.underconsideration.com/brandnew/ Congratulations. I blooged about Dabbleboard a while ago, but blimey - with the new tool set, I'm going to need to blog again. Brilliant work Utimately it does, if it is concrete, 6ft high and has a locked gate in the middle. This is tragic, one of the delights of travelling in France was you could stop off in any small village, walk in to what looked like a café-bar and get the most amazing tasting simple food - an omlette that would make you go "wow". Yes. I was chatting to one of the folks involved in iPhone Devcamp the other week and he was saying that $120 is the bare minimum at the moment. So the figures tally. Well, I can touch my toes with my elbows. So I reckon I'm unique. ... oh, that wasn't what you meant? So what? The use of the term makes it appear that you are equating getting a kid to do homework with the Gulag's arrests, interrogations, transport in unheated cattle cars, forced labor, destruction of families, years spent in exile, and the early and unnecessary deaths. I'm not a typical HN reader/user. I'm a one-man consultancy outfit, helping businesses sort out how best to use Internet technologies for internal and external collaboration. I also help untangle knotty workflow problems, you get the picture. "Making it", as far as I am concerned is having a steady stream of people coming through my door through personal recommendation with really interesting problems - enough in fact that I can turn the less interesting ones away to other people. I get to make money, I get to help people (I know it sounds sappy, but I love it) and I get to think about interesting problems. It doesn't get much better than that for me, it really doesn't. No. I haven't quite "made it" yet, I only started out as an independent a few months ago, but I've had enough of a taste of it to make me a very happy bunny. This might be helpful: http://caldav.calconnect.org/implementations/clients.html I disagree actually, I think the recommendations at the end of the blog post make reasonable sense. The goodwill created by running such a service has value, and it is a waste to jettison this - bBoth for Twitter and for the original app author. While getting a job at Twitter is excellent, I wouldn't want to devalue my personal brand if I could help it- the job at Twitter may not last for ever and the developer may want to entice people to a new start-up in the future. So finessing any eventual shut-down makes sense. Actually, he's asking you to put your money where his mouth is - and without any credit card protection. A cynic would also point out that that by not accepting credit cards he also avoids losing the cutr of the transaction that they charge and so makes more money. I'm not a cynic of course. Personally, my credit card is paid of automatically each month in full. Actually, most of the complaints I've seen about the Touch and the iPhone seem to be about the lack of storage. I have a 16Gig Touch and it is crammed. Let's see... 8Gigs of audio (including a lot of BBC podcasts) 4 Gigs of video 2 Gigs of photos 200Mb apps 200 megs app data. I've never bought video through iTunes, but video is extremely useful. When we go away on holiday, I always encode a couple of children's series on to it which comes in very handy as an occassional treat for the two girls when its getting late and we are setting up a tent, or we have a boring hour or two in a aiport terminal or on a very long flight (We're in the UK, my wife's family in Australia). Video also gets used to transport home movies to my parents' house for viewing through the TV. Is video a 'killer app'? No, but it was definitely a nice-to-have factor in the purchasing decision, as was the excellent Web browsing and e-mail client. Converting video for the iPod is really rather simple: http://handbrake.fr/ ... not just for DVDs anymore. A fascinating WebApp, and really useful to schools and students, I would have thought. I've only tested it for about 2 minutes, but I already found one odd ommission - try searching for Ethene and see what you get. Also it says that yo can search by common name, which is fabulous, but you might want to open the system up to crowd-sourcing so that people can contribute common names and attch them to molecules. A search on Deoxyribonucleic acid, for example produces no hits. I'd like to hear your boss' point of view before jumping to judgement. ... and I think you could probably do with hearing his point of view too. I tend to just CMD-Click on the icon in the toolbar to see the path. (Works in most other apps too) I wrote up a little blog entry about DropBox's place in the enterprise here: http://blog.infowranglers.com/blog/_archives/2008/9/16/38803... I'm NOT a security or legal expert, but my concerns would be more about the security of sensitive data, rather than concerns over the possible sale of personal information (it's been a while, but I don't remember Dropbox asking anything too intrusive.) You cannot specify your own AES key, which might be a worry to some people. The DropBox team suggest sharing encrypted disk images if this is an issue. Anyone know what the 'star' functionality is meant to be for? Clicking the question mark next to it simply selected the star. Mouseover didn't giove any helpful tooltips either. It's a childish affectation that he never bothered to jettison. Rather like the people who do little smilies instead of dotting their i's Many thanks. The interesting question is - how many of those bids are actually being placed by Swoopo? I presume that, like most journalists - just because he was at a show, it didn't mean he was just writing about the show. I was a tech journalist/edit for many years. When I was at a show I spent my time talk to people at the show, yes - but also had commitments - to edit copy, handle other stories that the office was sending me and deal with other administrivia remotely. Combine that with the fact that half the demos you had booked in advance to see would not have been working and yes... I can imagine having to bail from the hall. Of course, that's why we gave all the journalists cellular data cards for emergencies. And you know what? It's still funny. I find it is always worth a peek at this http://www.internettrafficreport.com/main.htm before getting too doom-laden. +++ATH0 It has it's own e-mail address? Great - what happens when a prankster starts mailing Goatse to my living room? Not the only one: You can watch Hal Douglas do his stuff here, in an amusingly self-referential trailer http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=yXbFuNQwTbs I watched GroundHog Day in my mid-30s and was inspired to learn the piano. Stop laughing at the back. The fact is that you don't have to be good to enjoy yourself. My Dad started learning in his mid 70s. I don't believe Steve's dignity has been diminished one jot. I'm saddened that you think less of him. Or are you saying that that you don't think less of him, but believe that everyone else will view him has having less dignity. I'm too old. It's strikes me that his advice on how to avoid getting burnt out at work is advice that is precisely designed to ensure that your day job is boring, unfulfilling and that you never get given any tasks that are interesting or designed to let you stretch your intellectual wings. Dear employees, I'm middle-aged, burned out and on the verge of a breakdown. I'm casting around for someone to blame for my feelings of ill-directed rage. Please help me. Love, The boss. Aren't the first too the kind of thing you can do just as well by subscribing to an RSS feed? I would argue that people often read the comments because the headline-only format of YC leaves them guessing what the article is actually about. If you are considering putting the leading comment text up there, please consider getting submitters to include a one sentence summary of the article instead. Well, I'm a Mac user running Safari. Do I mind installing a free plug-in to get access to an interesting app? No. I don't see where you (necessarily) get "small subset" from. I believe in this case "most people" = some people. I've had a quick play and set up an account. There's a few usability quirks that immediately sprung to mind; I didn't find it particularly intuitive to actually dive in use: 1. When you first set up account and start a workspace, the first thing it asks you to do is choose the people you want to share it with. This seems "wrong" to me. I would expect to be able to set up a workplace, add documents and wotnot and only then be bothered about who I wanted to invite in. 2. I then tried to work out how to add an item to a workspace... there were buttons on mouse over for Manage, Share and Delete - so I sat there trying to find 'Add document'. It wasn't until I eventually clicked on the workspace that I 'entered' it. I wasn't really expecting that 'enter to do something' metaphor. How about a mouse-over 'click to enter message'. 3. Add video resource - how about some clue as to the formats you accept. None that I tried. that's for sure. It's a bit distracting to see the Web page URL input go scrolling by on the way to the file chooser. 4. Thumbnails of the documents would be good. 5. The Black pallette really isn't to my taste. 6. The big one... without the ability to actually edit Word or Excel files (as opposed to annotate), it isn't really a collaborative tool in my opinion, I'll probably keep using Google Docs or Drop Box and I suspect others will too. Sorry, it's a lovely idea apart from that. I'm not sure I can even see myself using it with the free account. I don't mind making Safari 'potentially crash more' - I only mind if it actually does crash more. Since Safari crashes are very few and far between, and haven't noticeably increased since I installed Silverlight some time ago, this potential problem isn't high on my list of priorities. I suppose I can always go back to Lynx if these things really bother me too much. Glad they were at least marginally useful. 1. Perhaps the Wizard should initially ask 'what would you like to do first - add resources, or invite people to the space'? 2. I'm not sure that adding a roll-over is the correct idea here, so I don't want to send you down a blind alley. It may be the correct solution is to actually avoid surfacing the functions at all (they still have to be provided inside the workspace, I presume so you aren't reducing complexity). Instead maybe it is worth looking at how you could amend the workspace design to make it look more 'clickable to enter'. 3. Understood. All I would suggest is you list the supported format(s) to avoid Mac users like myself attempting conversions blind. 6. Completely understood. The comment was a bit brutal but I thought it was worth making. The very best of luck. ... because it is so much fun developing for IE, Firefox, Safari, Opera, Lynx, et al. I've also seen the dreaded 'Too many characters' error a few times. I'm not a database specialist, so I hope you will allow me to ask a daft question. Why, in the user table is the password held as a TinyBLOB. To allow for Unicode, or somesuch? SQLEditor might be worth a look: http://www.malcolmhardie.com/sqleditor/ Costs $70-something I think, but has a free trial and generates the SQL to set up the tables from your diagrams. Head-slap "of course" Thanks for taking the time Ezra. I was a tech journalist and an analyst for many years and there is one point that is implied, but not mentioned explicitly: * If you can talk knowledgably and interestingly about the the industry and a bit of technology, apart from your specific products do so - if asked. Journalists are always on the look out for knowledgable people who can tell them little bits of information about what is going on in their patch. It is fairly easy to build up a decent rapport with an journalist if you're a domain expert. This one was not mentioned at all: * Know the journalist. Not all journalists are created equal, so find out a bit about what he/she has written previously. Is (s)he a tech geek? interested in the business side? After user case-stories? Where are they in terms of experience - a new staff writer who would welcome a bit of hand-holding in the technology, or an old lag who knows the industry backwards? Knowing this can make all the difference. In terms of showing copy, I never did. But if you have someone who you think is a bit wobbly on some aspects of the story it does no harm to say: "If you want me to have a quick look through once your done and check the detail, it's not a problem". Regarding the advice: "journalists are generally not out to trick you or trip you up." Well actually some of us are, a bit. Particularly when presented with a glossy, to-good-to-be-true presentation, the natural inclination is to look for problems. We don't (well I didn't) like writing puff pieces. So we'll use our smarts to say "well what about this?". Try to be straight forward when answering these kind of questions: Someone saying: "yes, you're right that is a potential problem, we are looking at it and in the meantime there's a workaround that - while not elegant - does the trick" ALWAYS works better than blushing, getting aggressive or whatever. Finally - don't try power hand-shakes. During the '80s bloody U.S. execs always turned hand-shakes into an arm wrestling match. Occassionally, I just used to say: "ouch" it always put them off their stride wonderfully. Look around - somewhere in there is a grey lozenge/button with 'Get the NOW Widget' I have it in my OS X Dashboard now, god help me. It doesn't seem like a balsamiq alternative to me, really. More like an alternative to Protoshare Why on earth are you trying to use a Wiki as a calendaring app whn there are so many good calendaring apps out there. I'm fairly techie - but if someone told me to edit a Wiki to put my holidays in, I would not be amused. You'll be getting them to use vi to enter expenses claims next. Yes. If my karma is sufficiently bad, I won't have opposable thumbs anymore. That makes writing a drag. Weerl, off the top of my head, I suppose you could replace password with a 'something you know' challenge. Ask for 5 personal pieces of information (name of your first love, first school, etc.) then challenge for one of them at log-in. I suspect people would be less succeptable to share 5 pieces of such information with their colleagues, than a single password. The one thing, I don't understand. You say "Think of us as Getsatisfaction/UserVoice for small businesses." But small businesses are all over Getsatisfaction. So what's different about FeedbackJar? It may be measured, but it's not helpful. Let's assume that Joel is neither stupid nor malicious. Therefore he is having problems that presumably others are having. In this case it is useful to actually set out the nature of Joel's error, rather than simply saying "Joel is a dolt". Non-malicious criticism can often be helpful in letting you explore why people misunderstand you. Of course my assumptions could be wrong - he could believe that Joel is being malicious. Would it be possible to have an indication of your comments-points average within your profile. The new orange badge-of honour has motivated me to become more insightful, witty, helpful and technically adept... but I want to know how much more ISWHTA I need to become to hit the threshold. There's actually a serious point to this, some people will be quite serious about wanting to "go orange" and I think that's a fine aspiration. Unfortunately, the system as devised is likely to penalises two types of comment: 1. Commenting on slightly older stories - the comment is less likely to be voted up (or down) and will therefore harm the commentor's points average. 2. The "Thanks" comment. I have on occasion posted a quick 'thank you' to someone for answering a question. I wouldn't expect that to be voted up - it is not interesting or insightful, it's just an (almost private) message of appreciation for some help. Saying "thanks" reduces your average. If you want less of that type of behaviour then, fine - but I suspect that these are unintended consequences. I suspect you are attempting to co-opt the term "user friendly" to mean the same as "powerful" the two are not synonymns. Having read both of these, I can't really see why Google could simply refine its existing news section to incorporate ephemeral data. It's interesting, particularly the crowd-source matchmaking approach. I suspect the "people who would look great together" meme will put quite a few people off simply because it seems superficial and they won't want to be seen to be overly influenced by looks alone. You do already expose other information about likes and dislikes, so maybe you could replace "look" with "be"? On the other hand, I'm not the target demographic. It could be that you will appeal to a rich vein of people who are interested in looks alone, and are happy to be thought of in that way. Personally, I would be tempted to do some multivariate testing, one with the "be" messaging and one with the "look" messaging and see how results compare. What's your address again? (Just checking) :-) I remember reading Wonderful Life when it first came out, and thinking "If this guy weren't well respected, I'd think he is a kook". It's nice to not always be wrong. I think your interpretation is wrong. Darwin's theory is that of evolution through natural selection. Evolution through guidance of a supremem being is different and antithetical to Darwin's ideas. Nice soundbite, but which parts of Darwinian evolution have been rejected? Firstly, Darwin "basically" said that the best adapted organism will have most offspring, so you are setting up a straw man by suggesting he implied that competition for resources is necessarily the over-riding factor. Secondly you say that "In reality, the organisms that are the best adapted for their niche win-- almost always because they are the best at cooperating". Now, I'm eager to see you give decent examples. How is cooperation in any way involved in the production of poison-resistant rats, the speckled moth transitions, the evolution of the horse's hoof, the eye? Is the first quote above REALLY suggesting that there is no competition for fit mates among mating animals? That birds won't strip a fruiting tree before their compatriots get a chance? Ah, so God's in the cosmic rays and the replication errors? I'm sorry but the original poster is clearly saying that the article is attempting to be misleading, by creating a false dichotomy between natural selection and 'designed' evolution. I see no evidence that the dichotomy is false. I came here to say the same thing, it is a very well written story in my opinion, which manages to be accessible, while at the same time retaining accuracy. Well done Jacquelyne Froeber and the editors who worked on the copy. As for whether this is a big deal: Yes - in terms of science, although not necessarily a big clinical deal. Other strains may use different receptors, but this is the most common. There is also the mystery question embedded in the story: Why didn't the other strain he was infected woiith rebound You could say that, but that would be to define God as random chance - and if you want to define God in that way, I suppose I could say I believe in God. Probably not a very useful definition, however. This assumes that I don't enjoy the physical objects themselves and being able to wander around and pick a book off a shelf. I do. I'm willing to pay for the pleasure. I loved Brazil, but I still have a soft spot for 12 Monkeys. I also like the fact that both films feature tiny parts for Simon Jones, the original Arthur Dent. The thing that annoyed me about The Matrix is that I didn't think it was nearly as clever as it clearly thought it is. It had a pervasive smell of intellectual smugness. I much prefer movies that present themselves as rollicking good fun, but include some nice little bits of brain-fodder. I liked Dark City a lot. I haven't seen it since it was in the cinemas but I remember at the time it made a big impact on me. For some reason, I always link it with Angel Heart, in terms of that impact. Nope. I am British and used to be a journalist. The first place I worked had a very large sign on the wall: "Companies are singular". Which indeed they are, although staffed by multiple individuals. When I was a tech journalist, it was common for large firms, Apple IBM etc to ask you to sign NDAs when showing you research stuff. They tended to fly you to the factory first, then whip out the paperwork. I would quite happily sign - once I had struck through or amended the clauses I didn't like. That used to confuse them occasionally, but they never argued. The actual headline of this article seems as if it should be: "New Rule: Online storage alone is insufficient for an online storage venture to succeed". Well, if I were them I would want to get my uptime a little more solid before I took on too many contractual obligations. I signed quite a few NDAs when Taligent, OpenDoc and Copland were being brewed. God I feel old. Both the Radio and the TV series had Simon Jones as Mr Dent. How can you not like System 7. It introduces tinted 3D folders for goodness sake. I'm 10 minutes in so far and I'm beginning to lose patience, not only with the interminable history lesson, but also with the unbearable level of smug. OK, so the actual transaction here, isn't Twitter users donating to the charity, it's Twitter users donating publicity to a company which is donating to charity - correct? Well there is: http://deletionpedia.dbatley.com/w/index.php?title=Main_Page I suspect this is actually a legal nightmare. What happens when the informal summary actually fails to capture some legal subtlety embodied in the legalese? Which have I agreed to? What happens when a company (deliberately, perhaps) musrepresents the meaning of the legalese in the summary. The real solution is to write simpler clearer User Agreements, rather than attempting to skin them. Did he actually go over their heads? Or did he just become too hard to follow? One nice little addition not really mentioned anywhere - it will have the ability to sync notes with the desktop, making the notes applet actually useful. I suspect we may see an influx of 'demo' games costing $0.01c, where you can buy the additional levels. At the moment there are a host of free 'Lite' games with paid-for versions. Not suprisingly, Apple releases the SDK ahead of the OS release, so that developers get some lead time. When the SDK is released it also announces the new features. Completely wrong. Most DVD players in the UK are locked. Luckily most can be unlocked with a quick Google for the relevant 'secret code' but nonetheless. I'm sorry but I'm very very sceptical about this. We are essentially talking about playing games over VNC. OK, I exagerate but the video compression etc is going to have to be a magnitude or more better than anyone else has achieved and there are people out there who are no slouches at video compression. I'm sure the demonstrations on a local LAN were great. Let's see it running over the net. The only way I can see this working is if they persuade (say) cable companies to collocate servers at the exchange. Of it's going to be cross-platform, about as far as they can go is to send polygon data for rendering locally. I'm still sceptical, but would of course love to be proved wrong. Just an idea. Could you extend this so that I could send a text with an ISBN number or numbers and you would return a text with the prices. I hate the idea of trying to hear a robotic voice in a busy store and then having to write the price down on the back of my hand while holding the phone in my third hand. I've been thinking about the OnLive business model and the difficulties with the technology/bandwidth and this is what I reckon they are going to do: Sell it to DSL/Cable companies. I sorry I just don't believe that the system will work if it is hosted in some nebulous cloud somewhere, and I suspect that the ISPs will go bonkers about the amount of traffic that it generates - if the ISPs aren't getting a payback. Obvious answer - the ISPs sell it as a service to their customers and colocate the equipment at their exchanges. Judge Wapner's on in 15 minutes. ... thus precipitating the dirty-bomb attack of 2006 What about Mozy? Self referential, perhaps. The main case against it in the article is that there are more "efficient" licenses, in the economic sense of the word. That may well be right, but the GPL was designed as tool to promote an ideology, as opposed to a tool to maximize efficiency and productivity. Therefore, even if it is not maximally efficient, that doesn't imply it has outlived its usefulness. Unless there's some kind of accident. I do my own accounting, for the same reason I rewired my own house. Because I'm interested in doing it. Especially when you bear in mind that natural history presentation is only one of the strings to his bow. He was Controller or BBC2 and was tipped to be Director General of the BBC except that he decided that he couldn't stand working behind a desk for much longer. That this comment will rightfully be voted down. A spin drier and a heated tumble drier are rather different. OK, I've given it my usual one minute test... 1. Love the concept, the idea of someone hand holding me through (say) buying an LCD TV is interesting. 2. The 1 2 3 Workflow failed the first time I tried it, since apparently there were no registered experts for the particular item I searched for. However instead of saying 'Sorry there aren't any experts on this area at the moment' it displayed a "Everyone's an expert Become a personal shopping expert" banner, which confused the socks off me. I was about to come here and say 'the workflow is broken' until I happened to try another category where there was an expert. Make the 'sorry no-one available' message explicit rather than coughing in an embarrassed way and saying 'look - over there!'. 3. Having clicked on the expert's (JoeBloggs) face I got a brief bio and link to "Request JoeBloggs and get connected". Apart from the grammatical horror, I'm a shy soul. What would happen if I clicked? Would my Webcam suddenly turn on and I'd find myself talking to this bloke? Very Scary stuff. I bet you get 80% of people backing out at that point. But because I'm a kind soul, I put my trousers on and clicked. Phew I got an input box and a suggestion to "Please describe the type of product you're looking for. We'll notify JoeBloggs privately with your request. We can't guarantee response times, but being polite and descriptive usually helps." OK that's a lot less scary. My strong suggestion would be to put That text and the input box on the preceding page with the experts profile. I don't want to click some 'message him' link without knowing exactly what I'm in for. Lots of other thoughts, but those are the main starters. That is the Web's default. It's users that make the conscious decision to over-ride the fault by installin AdBlock. FWIW, I never block ads because I'm happy to have free content and pay an ad tax. That's why on Slashdot a +1 Funny vote will not earn the poster any karma. I thought Guns Germs & Steel was an excellent book. ... and yet, and yet - the wheelbarrow is an extremely useful machine. 6 days in, everything's fine thank you. If you are interested in the origins of the individual letters, Wikipedia's entries for A, B, C etc. are worth a read. I know Twitter is desparately cool and widely used. But It seems fairly rubbish as a primary back-channel. It's nice to be able to vaccum up tweets going out of the conference and not directly meant for people in the session/conference. But for direct feedback there are several chat alternatives which would be better, including IRC. The commercialisation of open source has added an instrinsic reason for suckage. With closed source software the most common model is the license fee. Support calls and interaction with the user is a cost and something to avoid if possible. You polish your code and your interface until the users leave you alone. With the rise of support-supported open source, the converse is true. You make your money from support, so typically the more polish, the less revenue. This is a fundamentally broken feedback loop IMHO with an intrisinic tension between product quality and cash. You want the product to very nearly work perfectly, but require work to integrate. Yes, thanks - I've hiked quite long stretches of the Inca trail... I reckon you can get a wheelbarrow along without too much trouble (pulling it, anyway). You're right of course. Except perhaps that quite a few people won't bother with a yearly support contract, if the software is so polished that it doesn't need vendor support. I;d just like to clarify one thing. I don't think that open source software sucks, I think much of it is excellent, I just think that there is an inherent tension that tends to pull it towards suckage in a purely commercial market. That's your opinion. But as another Mac user - dmg please. He should have the mibbit widget embedded on the front page. Hmmm, unjust? Apple's busines model is to use the hardware sales to subsidize software sales. Hence the EULA which prohibits you from using OS X on non-Apple machines. From the article: "The only possible problem here is the EULA, which forbids installing Mac OS X on hardware that is not "Apple-labeled". I solved that issue by placing an actual apple on top of my machine" To which I say - I really don't think you have solved that issue. I accidentally invented a game with my daughter when she was about 3 which she really seemed to enjoy and appears to have helped her at school in terms of reasoning and thinking out of the box. There was a football up in a tree - "how could we get that down?" I asked and we proceeded to take turns starting off with the prosaic "use a stick" to the increasingly farfetched "helicopter" "string elastic between the houses and bounce... no it would get tangled". We still play it today and as she gets older the form modifies and she gets more imaginative. There's a nice element of problem solving and silliness. I recommend it. See which one your mother prefers. You know it'll save arguments. Personally, I have better things to do with cash than spend it on a flash car, so buy a robust older model of car with a reputation for reliability. Learn enough to do simple servicing yourself. Purchase breakdown cover. Surely you can't evaluate whether it works "brilliantly well" until you have compared the success of your selected sample against another randomly selected sample. You may find that carrying out interviews on the roll of a dice is equally as effective at letting you meet candidates who wouldn't otherwise make the CV-lead cut. No I think "walk in" is probably more descriptive of what happened here. To be honest (and I'm in a similar IT consulting business as you) I agree that once you're working closely with the client, signing a NDA is standard. You want them to feel free to divulge the secret sauce of their business so that you can offer the best service. HOWEVER, I frequently delete or amend small portions of the NDA before signing and explain to the client why I have done so. I've never had a problem so far. As I've posted above, I've never refused but I have frequently suggested small amendments and explained why I was concerned. It's never been a problem, though in all honesty this has been with mid-sized businesses rather than megacorps. I really don't see why they don't wall the garden, but leave a window for the spider to see into the garden. Let Google index it and advertise it. Let readers see the adverts and pay for the full content. It parses if you are a Brit. The phrase 'down tools' harks back to the years of industrial strife when the union would instruct workers to ... well, I'm sure you can guess. My thought on this initiative was that it reminded me of the Google system of personal projects, expect coordinated across the entire company. The fact that a company - any company - is not posting material on its own behalf suggests that it is attempting to rely the poster's reputation to get it promoted rather than pure the merit of the article quality. I don't particularly see anything wrong with this as long as there is a degree of transparency and the poster adds an initial comment to the effect that: Bob from example.com asked me to post this and since it is clearly neat, I have. or Bob from example.com asked me to post this and since he paid me $500, I have. ... as appropriate. Post the link. Add an HN comment. I'd have to ask, what's your line manager like, do you trust him/her? If so, tell them what you've just told us. In a previous life, I had to ask a developer to pull up his socks and come in on time, for just the reasons you outline - I didn't want the people who were working their socks off to start feeling aggrieved (I was starting to pick up some sotto voce grumbles). It's part of what management should do. Hmmm, I wrote and edited UK IT trade magazines for well over 15 years and I can tell you a couple of things in my experience: 1. The editorial staff didn't give a fig for the adverts that went in. Once the magazine had been put to bed, we hardly ever looked at it again, apart from to see how the colour repro came out. 2. Occassionally we would get calls from a vendor who was stupid enough to suggest that we should cover them, since they advertised. It gave us the greatest pleasure to tell them we really didn't care. 3. Occasionally an ad-sales guy would make a stupid promise to bring something to editorial's attention. They got short shrift. But that's what ad-sales sometimes guys do, they sometimes make silly promises to try and make their quota. That doesn't mean the organisation is rotten to the core. It wasn't named "a patchy server" for nothing. Hi - I see you're talking about links, would you like some solid gold cuff-links? Click . Come now people, remember your history the original FAQ on the Apache Server project's website claimed that "The result after combining [the NCSA httpd patches] was a patchy server..." The message I take away from this is that Seth believes he much much more special than the people who draw a wage. I think Safire would probably have suggested that you used "died" rather than "passed on". No? I would trust the author's judgement in matters such as "I hate pastrami". If (s)he had said "... it turns out all pastrami is horrible" I think you would have a stronger case. "First to market is already a huge competitive advantage." In some circumstances yes. In some circumstances, a truly innovative and inventive creation can still be duplicated by an un-innovative competitor in a matter of days. http://www.channel4.com/programmes/the-daily-show-with-jon-s... Well, that gets you the full shows, rather than this particular clip. Still it's a start. I'm in pretty much the same position with my parents. The main issue as I see it is getting the thing to drive a printer since they will occasionally want to print documents or photos. Let's see what's in iPhone OS 4.0 Indeed.. But it's probably only been in the last decade, or 15 years that picking up dog poo has become a norm. I'm sure you're aware - but you don't need to plug the iPhone/Touch in to update Podcasts - those are available over the air. From what you say, a "little chat" before you signed the contract suggested that it was fine to keep your start-up. A "little chat" afterwards has suggested that it is not. Both of these little chats are beside the point - it is the contract that matters. So the question is, does your start-up compete with your employer. That's not compete as in "compete for time in the same way that eating a sandwich would compete for time" that's compete as in "compete commercially". If not then your are not breaking the terms of the contract. If they would like to renegotiate the contract that is something they need to talk to you about. I see that Pawn is a Ltd. company, so I guess that you are based in the UK in which case I suspect an industrial tribuneral would find in your favour and award you compensation if your employer tried to fire you for this. You might wan to have a chat to a nice lawyer. Translation of the translation: "Flamebait makes for great page impressions" The examples he gives are "fun" and "human" but the point he makes can be broadened out. Much business writing is simply lazy and cliched. This is compounded by the fact often a company won't want to describe its products in simple, accessible terms because the products need to be made to sound complex, mysterious, worth a lot of you money. So you tend to get terminology inflation. Really, never had any problems on my 1G Touch No, I don't get it. In what way it it better for a spammer to post a scout message and then check whether the scout message appears before posting the spam, than simply posting a spam message and seeing of the spam appears? I've just had a flashback to the original JavaOne conference. It's going to be a long night. Looks very nice indeed. The only thing I would suggest is to add a star-rating system, so that you can see the distribution of opinion. Currently you can only vote for "Good", there is no "despite what others say, this really sucks" function. It has different meanings in different sectors. Typical in desktop publishing tools, such as Xpress and InDesign, 'greeking' occurs when actual representation of letters is replaced by a stylised texture patterns. Usually this occurs at font sizes or zoom levels where it is impractical to accurately render the type on screen. I must admit that after 20 years in publishing, I've never heard of Ipsum Lorem described as 'greek text', but I'm sure it is possible. The biggest improvement is that it salts passwords now. What's the nature of the agreement between you. Can you just dissolve the start-up and go your separate ways? You could have a look at http://pligg.com/ - it's an open source Digg-alike. I've used it on a company intranet and it's not bad. Actually, as a former employee, he is in a pretty good position to criticise while keeping that criticism at arms-length from Reddit. Not a bad tactic. Personally, I'd liked to have seen Wave integrated. Hey ho. Cross-platorm decent quality video conferencing with ease of set-up. "the distinction you're making seems to be meaningless to most people" No, the distinction is critical to most people. Apple's iPhone software records all the calls I make, the phone numbers I call and the duration. That's fine. I'd be pretty peeved if that information was harvested by Apple Inc. The best plausible explanation I've seen for the presence of this data came in the comments section of a Register story. The commenter says that, in order to calculate your position via cell-mast triangulation, the iPhone has to retrieve the location of the mast from an Apple-hosted database. Instead of repeatedly retrieving the same information, it is cached locally, and that cache is what iPhone Tracker is tapping into. It is left as an exercise for the reader to show how to determine whether the other publisher actually does have a copy, or is indulging in similar behaviour. And this is is why it makes sense to buy a car designed by someone with experience designing wedding dresses. Oh, wait - perhaps knowledge of the medium and its constraints is important on occasion. Now it's time for the other browsers to support it Nope, that time would be when there is an RFC I'm not quite clear in all of this whether clicking +1 will only tend to promote that content in the search results of your friends (Buzz connections) or whether it may have a wider SEO effect. Can anyone clue me in? Are you suggesting that the number of models of an item that a company produces should in some way be comparable to the total number of models on the market? I thought that idea came from Stross' Accelerando - probably both actually. Disagree. The key point with iCloud is that the primary storage for all your data is on the device the Cloud is used in the main simply for syncing and messaging. That's why I like the Apple vision - it leaves my data with me. It doesn't lock it up in a cloud somewhere. I wonder whether this is just a function of the beta while they are waiting for the paint to dry on their new data centre. Will MtGox buy bitcoins from me? Will the NYSE buy shares from me? Are these two things actually alike? But he specifically said that e-mails would be sent to accounts accessed during the bug period. Seems reasonable to me. The only merit that the pixellated version had was that it was a (not very) processed version of an iconic image. I'm with the photographer on this one. Offtopic, but ex-British journalist here. Every styleguide I've seen over here says 'companies are singular'. It also seems rather similar to the decisions that Apple is making with the Lion/iOS designs. I too like the new nav-bar. I think it's a bit odd that clicking on the 'More' option doesn't produce a dropdown in the same colour, however I think the obvious tactic, would be to say "The open letter identifies issues that we too have identified and take very seriously at RIM, our current restructuring is specifically designed to address them and other issues that we believe will propel into a new era of growth. In terms of user experience we are doing X. We are strengthening our software management by doing Y." You take the criticism, acknowledge it and parlay it into a skillful advertisement for your forthcoming strengths. If you;re really smart you circulate the open letter yourself anonymously in the first place. It would appear that the people in RIM's PR department are not really smart. It strikes me that my parents could make an absolute mint volunteering for user testing. Do you know anyone who knows how to use Friends lists? Surely the equivalent of the broadcast Twitter is simply to send it to the 'Public' "circle", all your other circles will see that turn up in their streams. I disagree actually; I've only been using Circles for a day, but I'm busy using it mainly to 'Follow' interesting people I don't know and reads their public posts/follow their discussions. I've only got a few friends in provate circles at the moment. Search for site:plus.google.com "post by" to see who's out there posting interesting stuff. "Who taught you how to drive?" So that's 60% of your users with the security answer: "Dad" Please stop trying to obfuscate your product's pricing. I won't buy from you unless you give me clear pricing. If I can't work out for myself how much money it will save/make me, that's the fault of your supporting marketing materials. AOL have moved to ensure that TechCrunch maintains its editorial independence... from a venture fund. There's a bit of UX failure here though. The first ting I did was click the left hand top navigation element which displayed the submenu. I then moved my mouse to select a sub-menu item, crossing another top-level menu item which made the menu disapear. Granny's not giong to like that, and I personally dislike having to be careful to move my mouse vertically down before crossing to a submenu item. In the late 1980s there was a nice study that was produced with the advent of the then nwe-fangled laser printers. It showed that journalists were less likely to read a press release if produced in a neat, attractive sans-serif font, and more likely to read it for news content if produced in slightly distressed Courier. Apologies, I posted before drinking my coffee. You're absolutely right. What I meant to comment on was the fact that the menu displays when you hover, and then you have to be extremely careful to move your mouse vertically first, lest you accidentally hover over another top-level menu. It's a question of ease of content-browing v ease of navigability. Having to click on a top level menu item would make the former slower, but would speed up the latter, personally I find the hovver-bother quite annoying. I was going to say the same. I might pay £3 for that app. I'm not sure about Facebookers, but as someone who was about to sign up for a (fairly expensive) Webinar package, it has at least given me pause for thought. I've been ensuring I log out for quite a while now. I also have all platform functions disabled in my settings. It's all extra work though. There's a lot of friction involved in remaining private One of my Facebook friends posted a link to a story from The Guardian yesterday, I thought that was interesting so I clicked to read. The Guardian pretty much demanded that I installed their app. In the end, clicking 'cancel' turned out to be the non-intuitive way to actually read the article. Yes 'cancel' let me continue with the action that I had been attempting. "Malicious" is a term that you've just applied. An alternative way of phrasing it might be "applying some skepticism to Facebook's approach to privacy. I don't think that such skepticism has anything to do with being "cool", I think it's warranted - Facebook's valuation is largely based on the value of teh data it holds and its ability to to track and analyse user behaviour. The original article merely points out that logging out doesn't actually effect Facebook's ability to track & analyse, so why should we assume that it voluntarily throws away an important data collection opportunity? From the article: "The Facebook iPhone app is the most downloaded app of all time." Is this really true? I don't recall seeing it at the top of the charts. I play games, I buy games. I looked at this Web site and didn't have a clue what it was all about. Either I'm irredemably dim, or their front page could do with some work. Is that your perception, or do the people around you, able to give an unbiased opinion concur? Afterall I'm not entirely convinced that my heartfelt conviction of alchohol's beneficial effects on my singing are universally shared. Of course, and I wasn't attempting to be antagonistic. I was merely pointing out that when you say you feel it "changed me for the better" in your original post, that could be for one of two reasons. I was simply curious as to whether you could determine whicgh reason(s) applied in your case. Indeed. The post's third paragraph explains very nicely why it cannot be considered a single economy. Or perhaps it was people like me who had been away for the summer and had missed Taco leaving Slashdot, so when faced with the story when click-crazy attempting to find out what had happened. Are stetsons, really cool? I thought that was fezzes Yes part phantom tollbooth and patr lewis carroll. With a Dash of Diamond Age-esque Primer. I don't know, but I think my 8 year old daughter might rather like this. Tempted. Since this is the first time I've managed to address someone who worked on Wave, I'd like to say "thank you". I thought it was tremendous, if flawed, and found it useful while it lasted. In a team of about 6 remote workers we used it to create collaborate documents - starting with something that looked like a chat and then giong back and editing the chat into a finished document. You may well be right that Google was correct to kill Wave, but thanks nonetheless. My guess is that the Web interface only exposed a small part of the functionality. There's all that syncing and federated server goodness under the hood to take into consideration too. "I don't think we (tech people) appreciate just how magical the public is going to find Siri." Perhaps. But I as a tech person find it magical. But I showed the video of Siri in action to my wife and she had an immediate, visceral hatred of the idea of talking to the phone like that "If I want to set a bloody alarm, I'll tap the set alarm button thank you". For context, she's not a luddite, she's tech savvy, though not into tech or its own sake. But I don't think she'll be alone, I think this is a feature that many non-tech people will loathe initially, perhaps for reasons they cannot articulate. I suppose the question is over the nature of forced. I have a rowing machine which gives me a readout of speed/distance/cadence etc. I 'force' myself to maintain a certain speed for a certain time even when it is quite uncomfortable. Is that sufficient for the 'forced' effect to come into play. I suspect it is. "Rarely does a consumer decide they need to purchase a thermostat on their own" That may be because (until now?) there is little to differentiate thermostats. ... or indeed without reading, apparently. The headline is "all patents are theft" but the atricle only appears to address software patents. That's precisely the reason why the CLI parallel falls over, in my opinion. A CLI is an interface that lets the user communicate using the the computer's language. Siri is an interaface that [attempts] to let the user communicate using their own language. It's a fundamental difference I think. Indeed the only thing that Siri and CLIs have is that they are non-graphical. Indeed, I supopse that wouldn't have made nearly such a compelling headline. Such as? (honest qusetion) This would worry me if the AppStore were the only way to get aplications on to your Mac. I can see it being very disapointing for developers who enjoyed the convenience of the AppStore, but need additional functions. But I guess they will have to sell ex-Store I can also see the benefit of Apple being able to say that 'Anything you buy on the Store is safe(tm)'. However if Apple every makes teh Appstore a compulsory way to get software onto the Mac, I will drop Macs. And I speak as someone who has used them for about 20 years. I'm speaking from extreme ignorance here, so excuse my .. ignorance. But isn't the Adobe game plan to keep the powerful development tools that you know and love, but have them spit out HTML5 rather than Flash? Same here, I spent a long time looking for and failing to find a microwave with a knob. I wanted two knobs - power and time, and a start button. Instead I found myriad devices intent on offering me a plethora of buttons designed to 'defrost a medium size chicken and one potato'. Sigh. From the article: "the firm's executives reportedly justified their strategy by saying it was best for the company. With the unvested shares, the executives believed they could attract more top talent with the promise of stock." The answer is simple then - the executive who originally miscalculated how much stock to give away should be the person who is penalised by having their options reduced to make up the shortfall. You know ... for the good of the company. US only I thnk - I'm currently in East London with planes above me stacked for landing in Heathrow: Results: None. Results: No Data Available would be a better result. I'm on both and haven't had an e-mail - perhaps an overzealous spam filter, somewhere? That's one thing I'm slightly confused about. I always untick the 'store my credit card details to make future purchases easier' box - so were my card details in their database, or not? So why use cloud rather than ’Internet-based'? Big cognitive leaps? Judging by the first paragraph of the article: "the future is being imagined...It’s a place where your refrigerator could be connected to the Internet, so it could order groceries when they ran low." the answer is "no". Of course that could just reflect a lack of imagination in NYT journalism, but really? I remember writing about that idea in early 1995 - about the same time that there was a fashion for universities to wire their Coke machines to the net, and about 5 years after Cambridge University frst wired its coffee pot to a network: http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/coffee/coffee.html I think you need to read that line in the content of a few others within the letter, in particular the "he's a second durac, but this time human" quote. Oppenheimer also points out that he is a good communicator and in particular can bridge the divide between theoretical and experimental physicists. Being that brilliant and that nice can be an unusual combination. Edward Teller seemed to manage OK. Examine what he says a little closer: "...the market is very crowded now for certain kinds of apps. Especially location-based and social network ones. So, if you're gonna pitch me something it better provide magic. Angels better sing when I open your app up. Otherwise, why should I use your app instead of Instagram, Foodspotting, Foursquare, Yelp, or my new ones, Batch, SocialCam, or Oink?" So yes, he's not concentrating on the business sector. On the other hand, the very first piece of advice he gives would rule your hypothetical application in in : 1. Have at least one very clear, and cool, use case. I.E. have something you can show someone else that makes them say "oh, my, that's freaking useful." In fact the first 5 pieces of advice also apply. Everybody can - in theory. But few people do and make the results freely available. I'm a not a big Scoble fan, I find him verbos, and sometimes smug and self-regarding. I dropped him from my Google+ circles due to the sheer volume of marginally useful stuff. However this article is decent. That's correct. They offer an opt-out mechanism. Same here. Their home router SSID isn't on a map. Look, my home router's SSID is ListerNet. I'm in London, UK somewhere. Where am I? Is your argument that this is an invasion of privacy? If so how. Or is your argument that Google is using the 'untapped resource' of Router location to build a business. If the latter, do you have the same issue with atlas publishers who without my permission put my road into their big printed books - indeed mapped out the whole of London without a city-wide referendum to check whether this was OK. I'm sure you will be big enough to publish their candid responses on the blog. Actually, that gose down as the funnest fact that I've learned for at least a month, so thank you. Wikipedia's decision to left-align Wales' picture has been tremendously effective at spreading the news that Wikipedia is running a funding drive. So far I've read about here, the Register, Reddit, Techcrunch and a couple of other blogs who couldn't help pointing out the hilarity. Money could buy that amount of publicity, but by gum it would be expensive. Congratulations to all involved. No. As a matter of interest, what were you basing that on? The item on content strategy is interesting and I think spot on. I'm just completing a project with a company that wants to rejig their content strategy - and managing an external agency who are building a new Drupal-based site. I rather mucked up their nice ganntt chart by insisting that content entry was bought way forward, before the site design was signed off. "Lets the get the content types defined and get some real content in there - give me any kind of cobbled together basic back-end you can" then we can see how the designs work with real content. It actually worked very well - and avoided the death march at the end of the process where you have to port all the old content into the new system at the last moment. Context: I am an Apple fan, I have been using its products for a little over 20 years But am I really the only person who finds the Apple Store a wretched experience? The first time I went into one I was horribly confused - where to I actually pay for stuff? I want some help with a product that I've bought.Can I ask you? I can't. You? No. Oh, I have to visit the Genius bar. Where's the queue for that? Over there? Oh, there is no queue, I have to book online. Or don't I? Who do I ask to find out? Even when I book a Genius Bar appointment, I'm left dangling. Hello, I'm here for my apointment - do I tell anyone? Do I kinda hang about until the time slot is here? Will I be called forward? I hate the places. From this customer's point of viwe, I could never work out out whereto pay for the damn stuff. Traditional visual cues such as 'pay here' have their place. This is a fantastic study! The authors are top class in their field and I think we should all take notice of what they say!!! Everything you are saying is correct, except that: "Different perceptions and motivations can lead quite easily to people making decisions that are deleterious to the community and the wikipedia project, even if at every step they are acting in what they perceive to be good faith." applies equally to those who submit non-notable page, as well as those who over-zealously edit. You draw a false distinction between: " the people who make the big decisions and the people who are building wikipedia." Both the "people who make the big decisions" and the people who contribute content are "the people who are building wikipedia". They are two complementary, but seldom complimentary parts of the machine. ... and what happens when you attempt to correct the Wikipedia articles? I think there are two parts to the article. The specific issue of whether Ms X the SEO person is notable - I think you can ignore that as a bit of a rant. The other part of the article - the critique of the usability of the site looks much more useful and contains issues that could be addressed. Yes, I saw this on Reddit, but it tickled my fancy as something that would appeal to hackers and those who like splines. Both the Mighty Mouse and the Magic Mouse have scrollwheel analogues. Having reviewed this and the data logged in General > About > Diagnostics and Usage I have to say that this pretty much what I expected when I allowed it to 'Send diagnostics'. I'm a bit of a privacy nerd, but I'm happy to keep supplying this - mainly because they asked explictly for permission. And here's the salient sentence: "Do we break embargoes? Sometimes. Do we break embargoes even after agreeing to them? Sometimes" In other words, "You cannot trust us" Oh, very rarely? Remind me to try using that one if ever I have to explain to a a company that I break my contracts 'very rarely' or my wife that I am unfaithful 'very rarely, or a court that I drive while drunk very rarely. You do it. You cannot be trusted not to do it. I went through JustGive and go to the point where I had to set up an account to donate. I'm at work, I have about 2 minutes to slip a donation through. I quit, I may donate again at home tonight if I remember. "Engineers "revolt" by quitting" - and then blogging about it. Trade mark, not copyright. I couldn't actually bring myself to click to page 2. I would imagine that if the audible stall warning had failed, this would have been a very significant issue that would have been flagged up at the head of the report. Can someone parse the 3rd bullet point in the article for me? It seems as if a word is missing. Moreover, I was a tech journalist for 15 years and we didn't do it. We would argue very hard about them, but an agreement was an agreement. It's also a refreshing way to think about jobs and keep t6hem new.Personally when I take a new job I like to think about how long it will take for me to get the organisation in a position that they won't need me any more. It gives me a degree of control I enjoy, it leaves me with a grateful employer and some achievements on my CV that the next employer will like. "Why did you leave?" I had done my job. I'm desparately trying to remember who it was who wrote the article about how - when employing someone new - you should explicitly work with them on the assumption that they won't be around for ever - so what do they want to achieve while they are there and what do you want them to achieve. It muight have been Joel, but I can't find it. Anyone? I like this explanation a lot. I will deploy it on my eight year old; she has always been disatisfied by my explanations of how wings work - as have I. I'd also like to extend my thanks to the submitter of the story. From Murray-Gellman's The Quark & The Jaguar: The Quark and the Jaguar:[45] “ In 1963, when I assigned the name "quark" to the fundamental constituents of the nucleon, I had the sound first, without the spelling, which could have been "kwork". Then, in one of my occasional perusals of Finnegans Wake, by James Joyce, I came across the word "quark" in the phrase "Three quarks for Muster Mark". Since "quark" (meaning, for one thing, the cry of the gull) was clearly intended to rhyme with "Mark", as well as "bark" and other such words, I had to find an excuse to pronounce it as "kwork". But the book represents the dream of a publican named Humphrey Chimpden Earwicker. Words in the text are typically drawn from several sources at once, like the "portmanteau" words in "Through the Looking-Glass". From time to time, phrases occur in the book that are partially determined by calls for drinks at the bar. I argued, therefore, that perhaps one of the multiple sources of the cry "Three quarks for Muster Mark" might be "Three quarts for Mister Mark", in which case the pronunciation "kwork" would not be totally unjustified. In any case, the number three fitted perfectly the way quarks occur in nature. " Personally, I think he should have stuck with Kwork if he wanted that pronounciation. Sounds like quite a good way to be dismissed as a kook. I think"attempting to copy" is the operative phrase there. See also: "The Emperor's New Mind" - 'Consciousness is a quantum phenomenon since they're both really weird". "Internet Explorer cannot display the webpage" is what happens here (IE 8). Up-sticks and move the corporation to another country. Some of them will probably have to do that anyway if SOPA passes. And my personal favourite: "A single word expletive as a headline isn't just a way of getting cheap pageviews" Works happily enough with mobile Safari on iOS 5 I'm intrigued. Who should have taken out insurance in the case of Katrina, for example? Not really. I might prioritise the 'Find us' page and the staff biographies in the mobile site - bring them front and centre in navigation. By contrast, case studies are unlikely to be so important to the mobile user, but that doesn't mean that someone evaluating a company isn't interested in them. It wouldn't render it useless if the behaviour of the machine was identical (other that sending a silent alert) and still dispensed the cash. Actually, I think Jon's postwas deliberately inflamatory and laden with hyperbole. This response is welcome as it goes through each issue raised one by one. I'm English, this has everything to do with us. Clearly HN should go dark, for people from non-U.S IPs it should redirect to a site explaing the international implications. And you believe the most effective thing it can do is...? Subdomains? How about the opportunity to include a 30 word summary? Hurrah, so the people who would be bribed wouldn't be publicly accountable officials - they would be whoever we handed the power to. 'Sorry that page does not exist' For anyone with an iPad who wants to tinker with Lua, there's there really rather nice Codea. http://twolivesleft.com/Codea/ Someone may have once said it. That doesn't make it correct. > So, which of those things are they planning for OS X, eh? Fairly, clear I would have thought. There is substantial overlap between the OS X and iOS codebases. Having anti- TiVoization clauses in code central to OS X poses problems whenever they want to use a funky feature in iOS, or indeed on the AppleTV. It makes things much simpler if this type of code can be avoided. It's a philosophical issue. The original developer who uses GPL often thinks of what they are doing as gifting their work to the world. Having it sequestered into a money making project is rather like seeing the birthday present you bought for a friend sold on Ebay. No, but giving him the information would have informed him sufficiently so that he could have decide whether he wanted to (a) not use the app (b) delete sensitive contacts before using). Hmmm, well as an iPad user, I'm pretty sick of every Web site trying to channel me into downloading an app, I tend to just you the Web site. The only site I can think that I use via an app is IMDB. Back in the mid 90s a colleague embarked on a (fruitless) attempt to get all the people he knwe to call their Web hosts 'web' as in web.example.com. A shame that he failed, I feel. It contradicts it, but which account is correct. This new blog post says 'you just need to re-charge to fix'. The original post says 'you just need $40,000' to fix. The orignial post appears to have better sources than this one, so I would say that it has been contradicted, but not refuted. > all of which are known to be less effective than proven methods of learning math that have been known for hundreds of years. [Citation needed]. The methods my kids currently use, seem more effective that the ones I used at school. I am in my late 40s. edit: I'm based in the UK, however. I wondered that too. I don't have the app, but I would bet that Settings > General > About > Legal Notices would be the place to look? Yes, well I'm sure if you only provided sales through a specialised fax number, virtually every fax would be solid sales enquiry. You might only get one fax a month, of course. Fun though it always is to accuse people of racism. "The W32.Sality family of threats has been around for some time as the first versions surfaced in 2003 and may have originated in Russia" http://www.symantec.com/security_response/writeup.jsp?docid=... It is app-dependent too. It's a good game to play on a wave-washed beach with a pointed stick. Sorry, nostalgic for last year's summer holiday. "Its a EU thing that is pushed from the commission to the individual countries." Citation please. As far as I know, it isn't. A closer comparison is the suggestion that although UK government departments are headed by ministers, they are actually run by the permanent civil service, which is akin to the EU Commission. You'll notice substantial differences between the EC document and the UK version. The EU says: Article 4 Access to data Member States shall adopt measures to ensure that data retained in accordance with this Directive are provided only to the competent national authorities in specific cases and in accordance with national law. The procedures to be followed and the conditions to be fulfilled in order to gain access to retained data in accordance with necessity and proportionality requirements shall be defined by each Member State in its national law, subject to the relevant provisions of European Union law or public international law, and in particular the ECHR as interpreted by the European Court of Human Rights. That would leave the UK quite within its rights to require a court order or warrant before access was granted. But Oh no. The EU Directive makes no mention of logging Web URLs either. PGP protects your from the state knowing who you are communicating with ? I think not. And that's the main aim of this legislation. Tracking who you are talking to, and which Web sites your are visiting. Now the author suggests that the cited coupons.com extract means: “We can share whatever you provide us whenever you touch or interact with our site” To my reading it means nothing like that. One of us is suffering severe reading comprehension problems. Is it me? In my experience, the technical books to avoid are the really fat ones with more than four authors. There is usually little coordination between authors, meaning inconsistencies, holes, repetition abounds. Ars is still excellent. The fundamental problem that you are suffering is that Google+ is centered around people and yd prefer a system based around topic or interest. Which in my case backfired. While the story itself may be inspiring, the film making style was cloying and cliched. I couldn't actually watch the whole thing. Coming at this fresh, I have absolutely no idea what a facelift is in this context, and you don't give any. Have you redesigned their web site? The product? What's the relevance of biosensing? Confusing. Do Paypal Ts&Cs let multiple people use the same account? The missing sin - mystery-meat navigation. It took me 30 seconds to figure out I had to mouse-over the numbers to get explanations. Yes, I was a bit disappointed, I was hoping that the effect was being caused by the AC mains frequency effecting the lighting. Ah well It's a shame that Gabe denied the rumours that he was talking with Apple. I was hoping for a Steam client embedded in Apple's new TV thingy. Politicians are people. Nothing wrong with an expression of thanks. I live in Leytonstone, a little under 2 miles from the stadium. My thoughts on this when I heard it where (i) The communication with the block residents might have been better (ii) That seems like reasonable thing to, given the balance between shrapnel potentially hitting my house and an aircraft hitting the stadium. Moreover, if I were the authorities I would make sure that there was a big public kerfuffle about anti-aircraft missiles being stationed in London - whether they were actually going to be stationed or not. It may be security theatre, but not in the way that the blog author thinks. And it may be deeply unfashionable, but the family and I are pretty excited by the prospect of the Olympics. If I recall correctly, the health benefits of aspirin aren't primarily anti-inflammatory. Ibuprofen is a much better anti-inflammatory at moderate doses. >but their general idea is correct. The all-network, all-cloud world is coming whether you like it or not. Clearly you have the religious fervor upon you. Personally I like it when I see the benefits. Currently that's for a subset of my computing tasks. Sharing stuff? Sure. Off-site backup, OK. Most other stuff? I'm happy sticking to the PC model rather than the thin client-mainframe timeshare model. If you want to tinker with Lua, Codea on the iPad lets you code in it and create little iPad apps (for your own enjoyment). Worth noting; phenolphthalein is a powerful laxative. Wash your hands carefully. Here you go - the difference between the free and pro account: http://kb.weebly.com/faq-pro.html Cutting him some slack, its possible that his accounting degree had a significant computing component and he decided to bring this significant aspect out. My degree is in Biological Sciences, but in my third year I specialised almost entirely in molecular biology. Informally I'm sure I've said 'I did molecular biology at university' - although on my CV I've always listed Biological Sciences. Phase 1. Arrange for a large group of people to show up outside an Apple store waving 'Wake Up' placards. Well, its in the public domain now. So if it isn't patent pending, its not patentable. Bizarrely, two fingered tap only seems to work on editable text, not read only. So you cannot use it to select text on a Web page or a received e-mail. True, my point was that is possible that the accountancy course was an unusual one, in that it had a large computing component. It took me many years to work out that that the Mail icon I saw everywhere with the little red flag was a U.S mailbox. Where I live mail comes through a slot in the door. Since we are still going with file and folder, why not make the metaphor complete and go with a filing cabinet with an arrow either directed towards or away from an open drawer. To which the reply is "That's a shame, you should train your staff". RE you contending that simply because something has artistic intent it is, by definition 'art'? Pah! "Just paste the table in from Word". ...and let the hilarity commence. Working for me now. And what is "Thimble"? It's not linked and a Google search seems to suggest no one is quite sure what it is. Feedback: I saw "Login with Facebook" and thought "No thanks" Little Bobby Tables strikes again, potentially? Slight;y off topic, but I'm confused. I thought PJ was retiring from Groklaw and yet most of the postings in this case have been signed PJ. Is "PJ" now just a moniker for an admin account on the site or is Pamela Jones active again? Just so you know - your 'How it works' page contains a large number of phrases that you presumably intended to mark [as links] bu which aren't links. Looks a bit odd. It's a lovely idea, apart from two things. 1. I suspect's impossible to trade mark or or register the design - so let's assume you raise your brand profile and get a reputation for good quality food at reasonable price - your competitor simply (almost) clones your line of packaging and piggy-backs off all your hard work - since they're a big conglomerate they'll under-cut you by a couple of pence too. 2. In certain countries such packaging tends to be associated with low-cost 'basics' brands - so if you're offering a premium product, you're likely to struggle. > I don't care the slightest if it's something Apple doesn't want you to do Just to be clear, did you want this app to appear in the AppStore? The interpretation of the law is up to the individual countries. I've only been watching what's been happening in the UK. Until last week the guidance from the Information Commissions' office has been 'you need explicit opt-in' if you want to set cookies that aren't vital to your site's work (example, cookies set when a user is shopping and puttnig items into their cart are deemed vital, Google Analytics is not). However last week the ICO issued new guidance saying that implied consent is OK News article here: http://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/2012/may/26/cookies-law... The UK formal advice here (PDF) http://www.ico.gov.uk/for_organisations/privacy_and_electron... A rather handy site that has an easily integratable tool for implementing Directive-compliant opt-out on your site http://www.civicuk.com/home and the Drupal module: http://drupal.org/project/cookiecontrol Ummm, I'm pretty geeky. But I haven't been following Chrome in detail, so I don't have a clue what this box is for or what it actually does. Reminded me of this: http://www.theonion.com/video/sony-releases-new-stupid-piece... And "device" without context is as appalling word without context. When I was an editor I always banned it without context, telling the writers "Would you use the word 'thingy'? Because that's what you've just called it." At least they let you. My LinkedIn password was also used for a rather old, unimportant POP account. So I went into Viginmedia account settings to change it. Not only does Virgin enforce a maximum password length of 10 (what?!) this fact also lead me to discover that the company has a profanity filter on its passwords. (Double what!?) As a matter of interest; what do you think the phone market would look like today if the iPhone hadn't come out. And what about the iTunes Store? Do you think you'd be able to buy a single track from album, yet? To make it better, use the inbuilt camera to detect the direction of ambient light and have the reflections erm.... reflect this. To make it better, use the inbuilt camera to detect the direction of ambient light and have the orientation of the reflections erm.... reflect this. What if HSBC owned .bank? and these gtlds take off - would Barclays or Citi be happy to have their sites running on an HSBC-owned subdomain. If it only happens every 10 years, software developers are likely to forget about it. Hello a batch of crashing systems every 10 years. When it happens every 1.5 years there's a trickle effect - only systems introduced in the last 1.5 years will have trouble and developers are more likely to remember to factor it in. >Google has made G+ intentionally unattractive to most people, and has encouraged the 40-50-ish white male technology self-promoters to be the focus of the network. Could you explain your reasoning? I'm not sure why you believe this to be the case. Introducing games was just one sign that they wanted to attract a wider demographic. Absolutely. Facebook's success with a wider demographic is clearly due the fact that allows pseudonyms. Wat? Interesting article, two issues. First, you changed two variables simultaneously, so its tricky to tell how much either contributed. The cynic in me, suggests that the article could actually be summarised as 'we cut our prices'. Second, you right: > So we improved our onboarding to help a gym owner export a CSV of their members’ email addresses to send to us. Certainly in Europe, that could fall foul of data protection legislation, you'll need to make sure that the customer has given permission for their data to be past to 3rd parties. Wouldn't it have bee just as effective to have http://bestbuy.com/12345 on the label. > "Why do I need laptop? I'll just get an iPad". And those people are niche; if you can replace all of your computing with an iPad, then you may as well be using just a phone. I was at a Parent Teacher Association meeting at an East London primary school last night. There were about 15 people there. 3 had iPads. I was using mine to take minutes - really just adding notes to the agenda that was already in Word, via pages. Mainly just adding brief notes to discussion points, noting whether something had been carried. I used to use paper, but the iPad is more difficult to lose and I don;t have to re-type. When the issue of the the next meeting came up, people used the iPad to look at the calendar - fine - that could have been done by phone. One member couldn't make it, but joined us via Skype on an iPad. Meanwhile the Headmistress was keeping a check on the England Ukraine scores. A question came up about the prices for a bit of equipment - a quick Google search found it in the meeting, rather than having to be discussed in the next meeting. The thing about the iPad is that it isn't necessarily better than a laptop at anything, it's just incredibly convenient. It's the kind of thing you take along 'just in case'. Oddly enough, just about the only thing I don;t use it for is consuming iTunes media. I rip videos for the kids to watch on holiday sometimes, but never use iTunes. Anyone know who owns the remaining 2% and whether this places any restrictions on what Larry can and can't do with the island? "I don't know... but I know how to find out" Well there you. I was trying ti be as inconspicuous as possible, personally, I find typing on a table with the iPad smart cover, much easier than typing on a phone. Knowing the people who were there, I doubt it was conspicuous consumption. I'll look into Workflowy, however. The EP can impeach the Commission - unfortunately only the whole Commission rather than an individual Commissioner. Hate it. It looks like some kind of interior design site than a site that allows me find places to stay... or list my place. I scrolled down and down hoping to find some meat, but no - just more glossy nonsense. More importantly, I was about to list my place on the site. It's a nice looking house in London, but no - it dose NOT look like something from an interior design mag. Clearly my house does not meet the required standard. Better not list it. Designers should indeed consider the fact that all aspects of a design can impart a powerful message. If the message imparted is, 'Find a place to stay in expensive, upscale properties' then yes, that's an important consideration. Agreed. It was a very testy post I shod just learn to avoid posting while in a bad mood. Until or she has to write a C.V. It's the worst thing in the world. I hate it. "I achieved the following..." well yeah, but with quite a bit of help from the people around me. Thank you. That's exactly it, from my PoV. How about you actually assess how good that 'guy in marketing is'. He/she might have been an agency PR in an earlier life, or perhaps even a journalist. Just kicking the assumptions on point 1 - what's the start-up? what's the target market? What's the media? This guys have picked up where Google left off: http://rizzoma.com/ in fact, many of my Waves were transferred to it As someone else pointed out just because something is difficult to measure doesn't make it unimportant. One part of your post intrigues me. > don't have colleagues interrupting me with questions ever 10 minutes Let's assume that your colleagues aren't idiots. That they need these questions answered. Either they are having to go away and ask someone else, or they are having to figure the answer out themselves (potentially taking a lot more time than if you had simply given the answer) or they are deciding to make do without the answer. Each of those is potentially detrimental to the organisation's effectivenesses as a whole. Your "productiveness" is more than simply the sum of the code that you produce. Moreover you're missing all those 'interesting little problems' that turn up, that you would know the answer to, if anyone only thought to ask you. You're at risk of diminishing your total value. (And yes, I primarily teleworked for several years). Indeed. I watched the video on the front page, and I couldn't work out how the application was actually helping the end user. I couldn't work out what the chap with the pins and string was actually trying to accomplish either. Consequently my money remained in my pocket. For other people it goes 'click the Facebook login button' - What? This POS uses Facebook? What access does it get to my Facebook account? Is it one of those weird things that posts all over my Facebook wall? [cancel] Brands have value that can be protected with trade marks. You can't protect generics with trade marks (easily) FWIW, I found Pligg a lot easier to configure and set up when I needed to create a quick intranet news portal last year. You neglected to add those all important words "wake up sheeple". You're making extraordinary claims regarding the parallels with the Reichtag fire. I won't ask for extraordinary evidence, just reasonable evidence. And yet it was the Reddit comments that pointed out that the "Shell" Twitter account cited in the article is also (probably) fake. Ummm, you can't patent an idea. You patent an invention. The problem with software patents is that the 'invention' is pretty close to idea level. Nonetheless you can't patent the idea of writing a long-form novel. I though Google was committed to producing a Map app for iOS 6, no? Yup, having the first baby was when we got a dishwasher. I'm quite surprised at that; they have a fairly good database and if you don't have a telly they will usually knock you off it after asking. Nice emotive use of 'hatemail' though. Personally, I very much hope the BBC sticks to its existing funding model. Astonishing. You could just pay the for the Tom Tom app for iOS. A pragmatic approach would be to enforce the inclusion of a 'This is only a rendered mock-up' -type standard badges on the images. The correct headline should surely be 'Gen Y's Facebook Nightmare', Facebook isn't damaged in this scenario, unless it triggers a privacy backlash. Agreed. Thought it was clearly a self deprecatory parody. And putting Steve Jobs on guitar was a nice touch. Similarly, I consider myself technical but the whole iCloud syncing business on iOS and OS X Lion (may have improved in ML) is a mess and I managed to lose documents. Syncing has to be turned on and off in multiple places with non-intuitive descriptions of what may happen. Turning syncing off warns that data will be lost (huh? I don't want you to delete anything, just stop syncing the two data sets). Tis all a muddle. And then backup. You have to choose between backing up to this computer and backing up to iCloud? Why? I certainly don't trust iCloud with my only backup, but having it as a remote adjunct would be handy. Why can't I back up to both? It's horrible. Not to mention how the oposing force's crafts are always orientated in the same plane. Very rarely do you get someone attacking from 'above' I've never seen the Enterprise upside down, as ~I recall. So. A reading list would be handy. I suspect that the author may have had more luck explaining the difficulty of the Silmarillion if he had compared the number of unique proper nouns. I enjoyed it, but ISTR when I read it (over 30 years ago now) that it did have the feel of a telephone directory. Apologies for the gender snafu in that post. Ummm, no it doesn't. From the article: > The bike still need to be returned to designated spots at the end of the ride. > They won't make a note of her being out of the country if she calls them beforehand. I've done this both online and via the phone. Hey, at least you're not fat. He hates fat women even more than Indian dudes. I actually found the interface smooth and intuitive. One gotcha, however. Selecting a video to play while a song is already playing produces a broken UX for me - the video appeared in a modal box, but was truncated by the queue and play bars at the bottom of the screen. There was no obvious way to view the whole video since the controls at the bottom were hidden. It was a joke. I made the same joke earlier today. No-one is seriously going to believe this. Let me explain to you why it is a funny joke. It is funny because it involves Amazon undertaking massive technical measures, with huge reputational damage in order to try to kill a story which is primarily not spreading via Amazon-hosted sites anyway. It's akin to a man with athlete's foot deciding to remedy it by discharging a shotgun into his leg. I'll clean to neutral just after I've done something I'd rather do. I find similar confusion when confronted by Play/Pause buttons on video controls, before the video has loaded and started playing. "OK, it's displaying a pause icon - is that telling me it's paused, or that I should click it to pause?" Still room for confusion. I's difficult to say from context whether that was meant in a racist manner. From a purely factual perspective it is true that GOP votes are older, whiter and male. I can't quite see how it fixes onto the iPad itself. Anyone figured it out? Apparently people like GUIs Sorry to be the pernickety one, Jacque but inyour opening sentence: "For a while now there are tantalizing hints that Elon Musk is at it again." isn't correct English since "are" is the wrong tense. Try "For a while now there have been tantalizing hints that Elon Musk is at it again" Or perhaps better: "There have been tantalizing hints that Elon Musk is at it again for a while now" Sorry about that. Damn, better jettison my wood burning stove. Yes, I'm just trying to work out who at Virgin to contact to find out the details of said Court Order Let's be careful: It's the perceived level of public sector corruption. Same here. I jumped to Apple in the early 2000s when I realised here was a very nice machine that let me run the rather splendid iLife suite, MS Office and let me tinker to my heart's content with a BSD Unix. Best of both worlds. I live fairly happily with hardware tinkering restrictions in my iMacs, but the inability to upgrade RAM in the new smaller iMac may be the last straw. It's really irritating. > a protocol for which traditional currencies circumvent their own limitations Could you explain what you mean by that. And of course all the fun bits that never appeared in books (did they?) such as the shoe shop intensifier ray. Very nice Well, we experimented with pigeon-guided missiles in WW 2 I remember when Steam was first launched for Mac; Valve decided to pop all the games' assets and support files into a folder in ~/Documents. It took a few days to explain to them that this probably wasn't the best place to dump a few GB of files. A lot of people's backups suddenly grew rather large. > You're seeing a difference between Control and Variation in an A/A test is because a very small number of visitors have been tested. Well, we don't actually know how many samples the OP has, do we? Well, given that we had CCDs and photocopiers, which bit of the flat-bed scanner is that impressive? VirginMedia in the UK has it enabled. You have to opt out You don't know anyone who plays Minecraft? I'm not taking style notes from anyone who uses the word "leverage" instead of "use" I seem to recall that many moons ago, I set up my privacy settings to prevent others from tagging me in photos. Revisiting it just now, the options in that section of Privacy are now fairly byzantine, but I think I still have it locked down :-) > At first it seems like you're a crazy person talking at others. But after a minute (though it'll feel like a little longer) most people will happily talk to you. Yes - but if you watch very carefully you'll notice their eyes darting nervously about, trying to find the nearest exit, and a small frown appear as they attempt to calculate the whether staying in the line is worth it, and the likelihood of you attempting to sell them something or attempt violence if you make your excuses. In other words - if some random guy starts talking to you in a line, you will tend to make small-talk in return. Whether you like it or not. I was a journalist for 15 years on trade magazines, and not surprisingly journalist training pays a lot of attention to story leads. One thing that the post neglects to say is: "it depends entirely on the type of article you are writing" a hard news story will have a different lead to a feature, column or colour piece. Most traditional news stories are structured so that can be 'cut from the bottom' - get the salient facts into the first sentence and broaden out from there, so that if your piece gets cut for the sake of space, the sub knows that (s)he can safely cut the bottom paragraph first, then if more space is required, cut the paragraph before that, and that, so that if at the end of the day, your previous page 1 lead has been trimmed to a 1 sentence news in brief, the original opening sentence will still get the story told. With the demise of paper, 'cutting from the bottom' isn't so relevant, but the same discipline still holds true when writing a story for the busy reader. All that said How do you write the opening sentence ? For a news story, or press release, my first editor gave me the best advice I ever received: "Imagine you're walking into a pub to meet your friend and the story you're writing has just happened. Your friend is intelligent, inquisitive, but not necessarily an expert in your detailed field. You sit down, pick up your pint and say: "You'll never guess what - XXXXXXX" That XXXX is your opening sentence. ... or at least it's the first draft. The exercise is good way of immediately revealing what your mind thinks are the most important elements or a sometimes very complex story. Exactly. But hey - I wasn't writing a news story. I don;t understand why you think it's fatiguing. With a news story, the idea is that you should only have to read the first sentence to get the gist and to decide whether you want to read further. Each subsequent sentence adds further detail, with the most salient facts always coming first. So you stop reading when you have as much detail as you want, safe in the knowleddge you're not missing anything too important. If the author is diluting, simply repeating things already written at greater length they're not doing it correctly. Just to reiterate, PG's articles aren't news stories so there is no need to follow this pattern. There are many other kinds of journalistic leads - the colour intro, the delayed drop, etc. That's a slightly odd article. It seems to concentrate on the form-factor of the screen, and ignore the most interesting parts of mobile strategy; the ability to react to the changing location and orientation of the user. This is excellent news "Yes, I opted out of the filter darling - so I can access satire, you understand." Allow a 2 sentence summary to be displayed below the headline. With cryptic headlines it easy to click on headlines without really knowing whether the story might interest you. > this is a website that works everywhere on most modern browsers, including Chrome Well, actually - it only seems to work fully on Chrome. https://mega.co.nz/#blog_1 Oh, I like Dropbox a lot . But you know what? For 50GB free, I'm willing to put up with a bit of inconvenience. Just to point out that according to: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_life_expec... the life expectancy at birth for China in 2011 was 73.47 years (CIA World Factbook (2011 estimates)) compared with 78.37 for the U.S and 80.05 for the UK. So one reason that all those old Chinese people may appear so mobile is that they aren't quite as old as you might expect. No it's simply an example of people who live in a particular environment being well aware of the risks associated with it. For example, before I worked in the Peruvian rain forest I would not have guessed that being hit by a brazil nut was one of the commonest reasons for accidental fatalities in the forest. A shame. I found Answers actually a great place to network virtually. In the old days, before it was hidden, I used to answer a couple of questions a week and made sure I did it well. Made some nice new connections and actually garnered some work that way. In comparison, I find he Groups noisy and pointless. Are there any amusing ways of hacking this policy? What are the implications, for example of a student preparing a piece of work that breaches the law in some way and then immediately informing the authorities since the school board now owns said work. I can imagine the Board finding themselves owning all kinds of work that 'accidentally' breach copyright. It might be interesting to try and engineer such a 'poison pill' piece of course work and watch the board squirm as they argue that 'this really doesn't belong to us'. It's probably worth noting that Virginmedia uses Google for e-mail, so that part of your traffic may already be subject to US law. It's an unusual situation, royalties in most situations are the rule. And that's a good thing, right? Right? No, but the rule of thumb was never to go into the forest when there was a storm with decent winds. It's pretty much how the Apple support forums work. Spotted this on Digg. Looks interesting, no idea how accurate/informative it really is. > the reality is that Google is a saturated distribution channel that is horrible at identifying quality content that is not heavily branded or pushed in mainstream media. I'm really not sure I agree. My sister in law is a french tutor in a small English town. She wanted a Web site and I suggested that she put something together using Weebly. I did some basics with her to ensure that reasonable keywords appeared in the page names, headlines and text etc. A couple of weeks later and if you search on "French tuition in town-x" or "French lessons in county-name" she comes up as hit 3 in Google - I think that's pretty good service from Google. As a Brit, I'm confused. In what way isn't strictly one? After spending quite a lot of time looking for nice RSS readers for the iPad I opted for Pulse and never looked back. Apart from anything else it seemed one of the few that (at the time) didn't rely on a Google Reader account. > ...meaning that the organisation was unable to sustain the levels of donations required to obtain and maintain charitable status in the UK. Speaking as the secretary of a UK Parent teacher association that raises about £2,000 a year I think I can say that there is no minimum required to obtain or maintain charitable status in the UK. The Charities Commission make everything as simple as possible and are very helpful. Excel as a database, comic strip as a vehicle for 400 words of prose. It's amazing how tools can be adapted. Thanks for posting this, I didn't see it when it was first published. As someone who has commissioned Web sites from agencies and usually sits on the client side, I'm going to make a few counterpoints: > The worst part about it was that most of this software we were debating was free and open. There was no cost associated with the platform. That last sentence. Arrgh. There may be no upfront cost, but there is certainly a cost involved in on-going maintenance, security, expandability and flexibility. A lot of companies I've worked with on Web projects have come from proprietary or closed source CMSs and have suffered trauma when the only person who knows how it works disapears or the company that provides it has upped the license fees. So they move to open source. Even so, the following question applies: "If this guy disappears, how maintainable will it be, what's the size of the community? how stable is it? how extensible? If is a complex nightmare of spaghetti for in-house staff to manage. How will I integrate it into existing systems So yes. I love to hear your excellent plans for the business and your thoughts on how to improve customer engagement etc, but I also want to know that you are a technically competent firm which can articulate the reasons behind your choice of technology in terms better than "Oh, we know Drupal/Wordpress/Joomla and therefore that's what we use for everything. For a certain class of customer you are absolutely right. There is another class of customer who get enraged when you bang on about bloody solutions. They know what they want - a hammer, and having a salesman blather on about the company's wide range of percussive nail-driving implements for your particular vertical' will irritate them. Is this the first time that a product has been launched with the primary motivation of showing that a particular protocol is good for things other illegal filesharing? Up until now BitTorrent aficionados have tended to be forced back to the "I use it for Linux distros" when defending the protocol against ISPs and businesses looking to shape or block BT traffic. If this takes off, then the "its only used for nefarious purposes" argument will be much harder to make. I suspect that this is the real reason it's being launched - not that that's a bad thing. It 'solves' the problem in the same way that "save frequently keep backups" 'solves' the "my OS crashes every 10 minutes" problem. > The very fact that it can be transferred like property, even "accidentally," means it is essentially meaningless. In what respect? If I create a work and someone would like to buy the rights from me, why shouldn't I be allowed to sell the rights? Whereas I'm old fashioned enough to think that the right way to handle things is to buy some software that meets your requirements and use it for as long as it meets those requirements and not give a damn that the company would like you to upgrade to a version that does little new that you want. Both our kids produced 'dada' before 'mama' - seems quite common. I wonder if anyone has (for example in the UK) simply taken Google to the small claims court to resolve an issue like this. Just a buglet for you to squash. Clicking 'Learn more' on this page https://wallet.google.com/enroll/ basically opens the same page again, for me. > In tech you are trying to make something no one has done before so you want the young hungry engineer. Alternatively, choose the older engineer with the experience to know: "You know what? Fundamentally, what we're building here is the same as this thing from 10 years ago". I see it rather differently. Referrer is a 1990s concoction based on the idea that the Web is a collaborative effort that we all engage in. I don't personally have any problem in a Web site knowing where I arrive from in most cases. It's harmless him of information (in most cases, as I say) which makes the Web site owner's life a little better. My suggestion: Simply ask for comments on the aspects that you want feedback for. Tell the readership, "I'm particularly interested in people's thoughts on X, Y, Z" If you don't value or want feedback on design or pricing tell the readership: "The design and pricing information are in flux, so don't waste too much time critiquing those" If you post an app. I will spend my time critiquing the design and it would be annoying to do that, only to have my comments jettisoned out of hand. Interesting. I loved it too. Sadly, I've just trudged through Stonemouth and found it deadly dull. The Oxford comma isn't taught in the UK, at least when I was a lad. There was a strict rule - you don't use commas before the word 'and'. > Yea, that's one thing which Skeuomorphism does well is I know instantly what I can interact with and what I can't. It does it well when it is done well. Then there are elements like the red book mark in Contacts. where you think - what the hell is that meant to do? In addition, while using the actual company logos in the presentation may spoil the aethetic, it conveys the information much much quicker. You haven't looked at Digg for a couple of years, perhaps? Can I ask who your weather forecast provider is? The only one I bother using in the UK is the BBC or Met Office If it were me, I'd offer an option to see just new e-mails into the VIP box, or all mailboxes. Whomsoever, surely Indeed, it strikes me as a self selecting sample I have an First gen iPod Touch that I still use quite a lot, which can only run ioS 3.x - oddly enough, I don;t buy anything from the Appstore for it because there are hardly any new apps that will run on it. I hate to say it, but really if you read the e-mail it does not really appear to be panicked in any way, to me. Why is this on the front page of HN? I just don't get it? Fantastic Reddit fodder? Yes. But here? Same in the London (UK), never had a problem. Or perhaps I'm just oblivious. The article effectively uses 'popular' as a pejorative but doesn't really explore is the extent to which the 'popular kids' have achieved power through merit. If someone is popular because they are a good manager, with good ideas, able to listen and adopt better ideas from talented team members, then I have no problem with this form of hierarchy - it's a meritocracy. Precisely; Microsoft succeeded because it freed up the average user from the priests in charge of the big iron. I read the report, it's still a single-source story from the person involved and their interpretation of what happened. Nice try Webfaction marketing guy (I kid). They are also in the second half of the parliament and sooner or later will seek to find issues on which they can distinguish themselves from the Conservatives Interesting, I thought The Alebrist was one of his weaker efforts and really needed a strong editor to come along and say "Now then Iain, we need to lose about 100 pages." My Wife just read SD on holiday and thoroughly enjoyed it, liking the characters. I'm pretty sure that it's her first Culture Novel. This seems a bit odd - isn't this the 2nd time that she said she was bowing out? The last time I thought it was going to be taken over by a group of students and their lecturers - what happened there? And if the NSA's activities make it Groklaw too dangerous for sources, surely it is irresponsible to let someone else take over? It sounds as if the UK equivalent would be the Land Registry http://www.landregistry.gov.uk/media/all-releases/press-rele... If I'm evaluating something for a business, I find limited free plans very very useful. Money back? much less so. Personally, I think a time-limited scheme or a limited functionality scheme is the best compromise. http://www.nominet.org.uk/disputes/resolving-domain-disputes My concern is the ability of apps to eat all the data in my data plan without me knowing.