http://www.scribd.com/doc/92111472 I'll just leave this here, PDF version for anyone who doesn't want to mess with the webpage reformatting. http://www.scribd.com/doc/92111472 I'll just leave this here, PDF version for anyone who doesn't want to mess with the webpage reformatting. Doesn't work for me in Chrome 18.0.1025.168 m edit: on Win7 Professional They had planned the IOC's route through the city and had GPS in the cars with them so I doubt the tracking was automated. And England seems semifamous for it's intense use of CCTV systems, on the traffic side larger US cities with advanced traffic control systems have cameras at most (major) intersections. Could also be chromatic aberrations too from poorly coated lenses. Edit1: Check out the edges of the world. Wonder what the issue there is? Jobs took existing concepts from the Xerox concept PC (with the GUI) and shrunk the price and hardware (in the Apple II). There were personal computers before Jobs, he brought together a lot of things which made it a commercial success. In many ways he's much like Gutenburg, he took a group of existing technologies and concepts and brought them together in a working mixture. I know this isn't definitive but at least the jury ruled fair use in the GoogleOracle case. This is why you buy Thinkpads. They've got a great warranty system, post the whole maintenance manual online, and don't void the whole warranty for single item changes (basically you change a hardware subsystem and you can't get warranty on that bit but the whole bit is still eligible) Maybe it's just for minor changes, simple user upgrades instead of huge replacements like the screen? shrug I've never had to warranty my Thinkpad anyways thanks to them being tanks. Anecdotal evidence is anecdotal I know, but I've had no issues with my laptop SSD, an Intel 320 Series iirc. At first I was really worried, which drove me to backup properly for the first time, but almost a year in I've had no issues with it at all. Just a question, did you take the swap partition off the SSD? That's one of the main tips I've seen in improving SSD life-spans. I agree, platform consistency is more better for your app than following something which is theoretically better. I'd be reticent to change the Ok -> Cancel order without some harder evidence than this. "More better"? Jesus I should proof a bit... What 3rd party app ecosystem? Honestly I've never used anything outside the netflix.com client. Ahh those, never needed a queue manager cause I'm streaming only. They never seemed particularly useful. Ok, so those are actually useful. Though it looks like Abetterqueue and instantwatcher will still be allowed under the new API rules. Ahh didn't look too hard at the app, my mistake. There's a difference between protecting a buggy alpha, which he probably didn't realize (or maybe wouldn't be) company property, and intentionally making an artificially weaker program in order to ensure your job security. SpiderOak perhaps? I haven't used it heavily my self but it seems to cover at least the encryption requirements the author puts forward. That only works so long as the rules given to the filtering program are accurate and feasible, and if a single failed requirement DNE complete rejection. Management drawing completely overboard reqs for the filter means the filter becomes meaningless. Check this reply: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4347383 Basically it wasn't an ATM but a Nightly Drop box that allowed them to declare the amount of money they were depositing. The thing with doing that it it requires the person signing the check to have a /single/ extremely consistent signature. Personally my signature changes a lot depending on the pen I'm using or even how quickly I go. And I doubt I'm the only one. The fees for the person carrying the cards aren't bad but the processing companies, at least here in the US, probably in the EU too since they're all basically the same companies, charge quite a hefty fee on the business end. In short? The companies and their lawyers. Litigation is becoming more about hampering your competition and protecting yourself than it is about consumers and things which are 'wrong.' I was wondering what the author was going on about until I remembered Ad-block. It's still a very clean interface and the distinction between ads and search results is pretty clear. Doing a quick informal search, the terms that the author chose seems to be a large outlier in terms of numbers of ads. I don't see the huge issue here. There's no real private information given by this, it's just character name and realm. That and the horizontal complaint are the ones I don't really get. Horizontal doesn't really make sense as a horizontal orientation. And orientation changes with widgets on the home screen brings it's own issues. Take for example a home screen filled with edge to edge one row tall widgets. How do you resize that to fit into a horizontal orientation? Yeah the only issue with this one is exploring the underground bits are difficult. It's practically impossible to get down the holes near the Mario bit in the east. Some cars already have that built in. It's a per manufacturer thing though. I think this is the app I was thinking of: http://www.viper.com/smartstart/ That's predicated on them being able to spare many employees just for drive sourcing, which as a relatively small company they probably couldn't. They went with the lower cost stop gap at first, if the shortage hadn't lasted as long they would have been better off with how they did it. They're DRM free ebooks so you can just load them. shrug Plane changes are one of the most expensive operations in an orbit iirc. The real test is how well you were able to pick up the concepts again. Not using it for, how ever many, years it's natural to forget. However if you can quickly reacquire the knowledge then you did learn it atrophied so to speak. The proof is that you listed the items which is clearly logged and visible.. The charge is for the listing not successfully completing an auction/sale. I always assumed those were set aside as unlicensed spectrum and that was why so many things existed along those bands. Probably also some propagation characteristics? Anyone else get an annoying social share floating toolbar making the bottom third or so of the page unreadable? Firefox 17. Except where did they plan to come up with that money? School budgets don't tend to grow that fast and building a new school adds additional costs. I'm not arguing that new schools shouldn't be built but taking on large debts without clear plans. Yes. Physically, it's running *nix though so you'd have to get windows to not freak out with all that power. Huh the only way you can tell 72.32.231.8 redirects to tumblr's crash page is the link under find out why. Completely unbranded. Is there a short explanation of what's happened? I haven't heard of all this. That might be part of their problem. Instead of making a big AAA game they keep reinventing the engine. It seems most really successful game studios have 1-2 engines that they're very good at producing good games on. They may update often but it's rarely an entirely new engine. (See Valve, ID, etc.) Making a new engine for every game can't help their delivery times. You assume the president's purchase came fairly early at the 100k mark. Later the delta from his donation continues diminishing rapidly. Any later than half way through and the delta is less than 2.5 cents and following the rest of your assumption gives them only 10k. Not to mention that the money is split between the donation options. (Default split on the Amnesia Fortnight is 70% to the developer, which I think is higher than the normal default) Taking that into account the numbers vary too wildly to begin speculating on. And beyond that it also raises large amounts of money for charity. Charity is Childs Play and Red Cross. What president would lump his company in as charity? Don't forget that not all of that goes to THQ. There's the default split but I can't find what that was for this bundle. It's 70% to the devs for the Amnesia Fortnight. (Might be higher than normal though) Possibly, I don't know much about the engines behind THQ's games really. To become just an engine company requires a well rounded and adaptable engine. There's probably some market for a superb niche engine but that is a weak position to put yourself in as a company. They might be reinventing their engine so often because they can't get a good future-resistant engine out of it. I'd rather no skins than the constant auth.minecraft outages. $51 million isn't really a shoestring budget any way you cut it. No gravity would simply approach infinity as you descended the well. And since we're being pedantic that's not an issue. >Not to mention the absurtidy of his conclusion. Proving a statement for a set of values you thought of is far more likely to be wrong than proving it with formal mathamatics. This, if the program did fail all that's been proven is that that particular delta-epsilon function, the defeatEpsilon here, doesn't work. In order to prove that the function doesn't converge you have to prove there is no function which can satisfy the conditions. (Luckily there are some theorems which make it so one only have to prove that two different sequences of the function converge to different values. But that's getting into Real Analysis which is a whole semester worth of explanations.) Instead try to write a program which proves that the limit sin(1/x) x->0 does not exist. (Remember proving that a single function doesn't work isn't enough. You have to prove no such function exists.) It only disproves that the particular delta-epsilon function works though. That just proves that the proof writer wasn't clever enough to find a working d-e, not that there isn't a d-e. It the page could download in one burst without any breaks the calculation would be correct. However those 14 requests aren't all run at once and end up triggering sequentially. It goes something like GET youtube.com, process reply, find other resources needed GET youtube.com's CSS, etc. etc. Combined with link delays, dropped packets, long round trip times and the like you get a much slower nominal bandwidth. BitBucket. It's essentially the same service as GitHub, but allows private repositories for free. And with an academic .edu email you get unlimited collaborators. Much simpler than running your own git server as others have suggested I think. Ah missed that, or an edit, either way. Yeah there's not the community because it's used for more private projects. GitHub has the community because it's focused towards open source and all the sharing and cooperation that OSS entails. Yeah, if the proposed payment flow was ever implemented there would be abuses, there's a limit to how much interaction you can hide away. Especially in payments at the /very least/ there has to be some form of approval and usually there needs to be a payment method selection. No interface is nice but some things have to have interaction you can't magic away. Even better depending on what you define as a reload a single action cap and ball could qualify. Restricting to rifles only, if you define a reload as taking bullets from outside the weapon and storing then in the weapon, which seems like a reasonable enough way to define it on the surface, a bolt action rifle with an internal box magazine (aka most rifles) would qualify. Also what would be the mission of the proposed volunteer police force? when would they be called in/up? who would govern and organize them? There's authorization in Square Wallet, and it's no where near the no interface that the article was drooling over. They're using a mildly questionable 'growth as popularity' for their measure. It has its uses, but does skew things quite a bit. The input bar says Javascript style before you start typing something in.. Why not just upgrade the W500? It'll be far cheaper than going to Mac and renting out a server. For disk space you could get the SATA HDD bay for storage and memory is simple to upgrade on Thinkpads (and better it doesn't void your warranty, because Lenovo doesn't assume your an idiot). Didn't know that. I thought as their mobile workstation it'd have a higher cap than that. It is a little old I guess. Personally I'd go with a new Thinkpad. MBPros are nice but the new ones are completely non-upgradable which is a real deal breaker. I've used a T500 for a little over 4 years now with nothing but more RAM, a new SSD, and a storage bay HDD. I think that's partially due to the fact that syndication, national providers selling programs to local affiliates is a larger thing here in the States. Those programs go out at a specific time and often the local stations are just relays and can't time shift things. Contrasted against the system in the UK with the BBC where there's not really a local affiliate but a national station. In that case it seems much easier to shift for longer running programs. Ok, didn't know the exact setup. I thought even the regional were run by a BBC branch. 2:13 if you count from the first message about high exceptions to the all clear "everything is working normally." NC State installed those a little while ago too. Haven't used them personally but they seemed pretty nice and very convenient. The same way it's handled on all other university computers I assume. There's no saving on the hard drive because they are wiped between uses and a new environment is setup each logon. That's the way it's handled at my university, looking from the outside I'm not part of the IT dept. It's more like they couldn't have Watson using them on national television. Many a company, even if it weren't showcasing a machine like Watson, would want to avoid that language on a huge television event like the Jeopardy challenge. I think you might be looking a little too deeply at this. What I was saying was that it's not a perspective on us not wanting a machine to reflect our language and how we us it back at us, as you originally said. It's just the normal clean decent image that companies prefer to present most of the time. Most Sudoku apps I've used in the past had a notes system like the one you described. It's not that unusual of a system, I think it's a fairly normal way of doing things. Game Type: Sudoku. I think this is the larger factor. Getting people to pay for Sudoku seems like a big ask considering the plethora of existing apps which scratch the same itch (and better) for free. Graphics aren't a big thing for Sudoku to me. There are a thousand apps doing the same thing you're doing without asking for cash before I can play an advanced grid. Except that runs counter to (a large portion of) the point of Medicare, which is to provide assistance to the old. (Yes it's also for low income households, but it's also a lot aimed at the elderly as well.) I'd never bothered comparing them before, never used Helvetica that I can remember, and I got 17/20. 2 at the start till I noticed the obvious lower case differences. The only other one was MATELL which difficult, didn't notice the difference in the As. Yes? I don't see your point though. I'll take a stab at guessing what you were trying to say though.. For a large number of the US jobs 65 is getting a bit on in years, think manufacturing, service, etc. also known as a large number of the , at 65 a large number of jobs aren't much of an option anymore. Ah, I stand corrected. Never used or really been exposed to either service. > Instead, Apple put a $50 computer in peoples hands- the iPod shuffle. Sure, it might not be as full featured as a laptop, but you have to walk before you can run. Lets draw a line between a device like the Shuffle and a general purpose computer. Apple is creating devices for consuming media not for creating which I think is the more important goal. For actually creating and learning there are much better devices than what Apple is putting out, and much cheaper. See the Pi or any number of similar devices. Also dismissing (windows) netbooks as unusable is short sighted, also they've improved greatly since they were first introduced. For all the problems with these devices they're still fully functional computers which don't rely on Apple to decide what you should be able to run. Do you mean the dean who ran the judicial hearing? If anyone were to have their heads roll so to speak for this it would be his. The faculty that voted were simply acting on the best information which was presented to them. If you're going to do a response blog post link to the original article at the beginning when you mention the original. I read the original but don't assume everyone has. Small claims has really low limits, here in NC it's $5000 dollars, and according to the text they're 8 months behind. Which would be a /really/ low rate to fit in small claims. edit: Texas has higher limits at $10000. I still think it's likely that their owed debts exceed 10k. I think it's years. Notice the '08 and '09 etc. If you read the article you'd have found out more about the device. Specifically the tube is about 12 ft long. The actual dimensions of the pressure chamber isn't really important here it's the design of the nozzle. Which they do have a proper schematic for as it happens: http://www.gizmag.com/how-to-build-a-supersonic-ping-pong-gu... Shattered it seems, with quite a bit of mushrooming. http://www.gizmag.com/how-to-build-a-supersonic-ping-pong-gu... Indeed it should. It's more than a search engine it aggregates the information from say 10 different studies or cases about a disease into a set of information which it then compares against the current case the doctor is looking at. At that point it posits some diagnoses or some treatments. Calling it a search engine is pretty dismissive. Not all of us. I'm graduating this spring and the top of my fucking awesome hire list was the Watson group in SWG @ IBM. For all the grand magic that Google works behind the scenes it falls pretty short of the work that Watson does. Ideally if Watson were able to parse documents well enough they would have to actively lie in order to twist Watson that way. Also a lot of what goes into Watson is peer reviewed in the medical field iirc so there's also that buffer. So add on about 12% onto a time estimate to account for the extra charging time. I'm estimating about 2.5 hours for 150 miles which isn't unreasonable for freeway driving. And that's awesome until yo need to go beyond that single charge range. Then charging might be a problem where ever you wind up still, though it is getting much better I admit. I don't think this would solve the electoral college problem because a candidate would go to the neo-states with the highest density and beable to work up more votes quicker due to the higher densities. I think we should just drop the EC completely or at least step away from the winner take all system. > Actually, in Soviet Union you did not have any money to bribe any of them. Fixed. Didn't know they were always or mostly energized. I thought they were only powered during an actual MRI scan. No, it's quite clearly supersonic. This is a different design than the tube they talk about first. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=I... Interesting. I will admit I was going shamelessly for a laugh there. Very incorrect. A short back of the napkin calculation: 286mi/85kwh / .12 (dollar per kilowatt hour) = 28 miles per dollar or .03 per mile. Gasoline on the other hand is: 30 mpg / 3.50 (dollar per gallon) = 8.5 miles per dollar or .11 per mile Electricity comes out far better. Cars are much less efficient than heaters at capturing the stored energy from it's fuel. With a heater you have the benefit of insulation and none of the losses associated with moving a hunk of metal through air. What's your gasoline cost like though? Similarly expensive I'd wager? These number have to be compared together to be worth a damn. Though yes the numbers make more sense in areas with lower per KWh costs. Cars barely make sense in NYC to begin with it seems though, who's that much of a masochist. Hellbans are reserved for the worst of the worst. Trolls and malcontents that a simple ban would serve as an encouragement not a discouragement. Large areas like NYC are also going to be the first to have the super charger networks rolled out to them and also more likely to have charging stations available in car parks. But yes home charging doesn't make sense everywhere yet. The Photoshop issue on the Surface is (presumably) just a driver issue and will be resolved shortly. Also having the whole of the Windows program library is a huge plus for the Surface. I've yet to see a truly viable solution for developing on an android tablet, SSHing to a remote server is sort of there but having a fully featured IDE is miles above in terms of usability. Also the keyboard integration seems much slicker with the Surface. That's a question of poor moderation and admin control instead of a problem with the concept in itself I think. It's spin offs all the way down. Things I wish sites would stop doing: changing articles on horizontal scroll events. Makes my laptop nub scroll completely unusable without jetting across 3+ articles. http://www.photometadata.org/meta-resources-field-guide-to-m... Yup there's already a field which could do the job just not quickly editable in your phone's camera app. True, but BGP, AS, etc are largely there to deal with issues that come from the separate networks we've built the internet out of not a fundamental need, if that makes any sense. Basically we /could/ build an internet without BGP, AS's, and a lot of the protocols that deal with interconnecting regional networks, but TCP/IP, DNS, and HTTP are the basic building blocks of the internet as we know it. That's the problem with "X is bad/terrible" posts. They focus on one interpretation or implementation then focuses on the bad parts of that one version of the concept. Are late night sleep deprived coding fests terrible ideas as a sustainable lifestyle/development style? Yes. Is that the point of all (or even most) hackathons? No. It's fundamental to how it's set up currently but not required for the concept as a whole. Given a global telecom operator BGP could be eliminated, so it's a 'lower' level of fundamental than TCP. It'd still be an interconnected network of machines. But this is really just coming down to the dividing line between a network and the internet, kind of like the heap of sand paradox. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sorites_paradox I'd put money on them using a lot of Linux like most sane data center operators do. Chinese... you're drunk go home. (On a more serious note that's pretty cool.) Check the wiki link, it has the characters instead of the pinyin. To answer your question yes the characters are very different. > Due to the amount of CPU time required — 2 to 3 orders of magnitude more than zlib at maximum quality — Zopfli is best suited for applications where data is compressed once and sent over a network many times, for example, static content for the web. So it's not a magic bullet, and only results in 3-8 percent shrink compared the zlib at maximum compression. It is interesting that it is able to be decompressed by existing algorithms, which means it can be rolled out immediately instead of waiting for it to be adopted by enough browsers to make the compression time investment useful. Google's blog post is here: http://googledevelopers.blogspot.com.es/2013/02/compress-dat... ARP is missing for a truer match to LANs. It's a decent primer on the high level details of how the internet works. We're no longer on the gold standard because it lead to hoarding and economic inflexibility. It doesn't destroy wealth, however when gold is your currency and people hoard gold (for any reason be it economic instability or as an investment in the future price increases) the economy loses that amount of circulating money and moving money is what makes an economy work, not stagnant saved money. So by signing that executive order and replacing hoarded gold with non-appreciating paper money there was less incentive to hoard and more likely to spend, which is what we needed to get out of the Great Depression. It'd be a little harder for that to happen with Bitcoin since it's not a currency backer but a side currency but the chance it could stagnate into investment only is there. Then it's value is entirely determined by the whim of the market since it's entirely ephemeral. (Yes all monetary value is ephemeral, intangible and based on the belief and good will of the market, but thing like gold have a longer history of having value everywhere.) A decent point but the government accepting payment in a certain currency requires that they are sure/believe that they will be able to use that currency to pay their debts. Same thing applies to the debt argument both rely on a communal acceptance that a dollar/euro/ruby/piece of eight/bitcoin/kongbuck will be accepted as payment. I suppose it'd be clearer if I said it's exchange value is ephemeral, ie completely determined by the faith that currency X is worth/will be accepted in exchange for some amount of currency or product Y. The bricks themselves are not harmful however stockpiling the primary medium of exchange is very harmful. A better metaphor is water in a desert, except instead of being consumed it's passed from one person to another without loss and actually increases when it's transferred. The item itself isn't harmful but hoarding it is extremely harmful. Except Uber drivers are licensed with their parent companies who provide the cars and services to fill Uber requests. Or that was my impression of their model. They still employ specially licensed driver just like cab companies. The regulations they don't have to deal with are things like availability and rate laws iirc. No, you bill at the level your contract states that you charge. Doesn't matter what you have anyone else pay you it's what you negotiated through the bidding/negotiation process. It is hyperbole of course. Capitalism worked fine before split second trade resolution, but that happening in today's markets is a pretty big deal because a lot of people have gotten used to it. Also the Facebook IPO was isolated and shook/annoyed a lot of people it seemed. If that kind of thing happened regularly outside of huge IPOs I think NYSE would be in pretty bad shape. Nothing like getting a pile of slides without any presenter notes or anything else helping to interpret the slides. This kind of testing is usually done mechanically now. Much higher repetition, reliable, and cheaper. This sounds like a last minute rush job. It makes sense if you look at this as a promotion/market research instead of a first batch of sales. And I think that's exactly what they're doing, giving the product to a large group of people who can reach a larger number of people to introduce their product. It's also a bit of market and use testing since they'll be able to see how people are using them and improve or expand the application offerings in those areas. This is less of a first round of sales and a more of a public beta test and market research rolled into one. The bits about the hormonal changes do seem cargo cultish, but there are some merits in the idea of 'projecting' with your body language. Act more confident -> Appear more confident -> Be treated differently -> Actually be more confident. The font on the mobile site on Android is shockingly fuzzy and hard to read. Anyone else seeing that? Their hack wasn't really specific the HVAC systems though. It's just grabbing a poorly secured password file from a web server more than anything HVAC specific. Yeah rounding efficiencies would probably just wind up being mostly a wash as some things round down and some round up or amount to a very small difference over all. There are better arguments that can be made for changing over to the metric system. I agree that DST is just madness but timezones are less insane in theory, they would make sense if they were determined by the longitude normalizing time so that sunrise and sunset happen at roughly similar times. Currently they're pretty screwy sure but the idea actually has some merit. One thing to consider though is that switching everyone over to UTC you'd still have to consider local business hours. However, instead of just looking at their time zone and figuring 9-5 or standard hours you'd have to have a listing of each business's UTC hours. It might fracture more than timezones do currently. If it were universally applied at the same time of the year it would be a more reasonable thing but because it's applied at different times (or not at all) depending on where you are in the span of a few weeks you have 2 times zones with 3 different offsets relative to each other. Yeah about that, giving some severe tire damage to a truck isn't the best way to bring it to a safe halt. Benchmark of open source quality perhaps. Over everything I'd say NASA would probably take that prize. Of course we don't have their sources to analyze but their practices are well known and the results seem pretty strong. They're taking the risk of diluting the quality of their degree by letting in a lot of underqualified and unprepared students. Also if they get a load of unqualified students they'll either have to support these students or just let them fail. Either way drags down the program. They don't sell the information though, they sell placement. The idea of the singularity also includes post-scarcity for at least basic survival needs. The logic being when robots & AIs take over all the jobs we can increase the output to a point where goods are exceedingly abundant. Granted that path involves quite a bit of faith that there's some reason to provide, but it's not terribly unreasonable if a bit idealistic. Basic living is perfectly sustainable for our current population and beyond I think (and I think I've read but have no source), anything above that could be allotted based on the newly scarce resource of human creativity or whatever we decide. Also many scarce resources could likely be made non scarce with 'free' labor of robots/AIs. Things have always been this way isn't really strong argument for this. There are many ways we could set up a society in which the basic needs for everyone's survival is needed and the surplus is allocated in a way which most benefits society. A perfectly impartial central planning AI comes to mind. That's where the big difference comes from your example of '"post-scarcity for basic survival needs" for millions of years already.' there's never been the coordination and impartiality to distribute and coordinate at that level. As for today if we coordinated and there were no economic considerations we could feed everyone today. It's just that there's not the planning or monetary forces in place to make it happen. People have been trying to fairly distribute resources to give everyone a basic standard living for ages. It's the basic idea behind welfare, socialism, and communism, there's a precedent for trying to do exactly what I described as the CPAI. Yeah that's always an option for how this could go. I prefer to be positive cause if a post-singularity AI wants to kill me there's not much I can do. I think one of the reason it failed in the past was a mixture of corruption and incomplete technology. There just wasn't the tech in place for things to be efficiently planned accurately and efficiently. The complexity really depends on the design. There are 2 basic types for a fission bomb; cannon and implosion. By far the simplest is the cannon which is pretty much as simple as taking a cannon and firing one lump into another. Implosion is trickier but only really because you have to get the timing of the explosions right to get good compression. The tricky part is enriching the Uranium. The better your enriching process is the easier it is to make a bomb because the material is closer to critical. The Wired article they cite says: > as a 2007 Department of Defense report puts it, the Pentagon is attempting to expand its worldwide communications network, known as the Global Information Grid, to handle yottabytes (1024 bytes) of data. Sounds like the yottabyte is a global/total capacity or a figure they aim to be able to handle in the future instead of a figure that they're currently hitting. The difference there is that the NSA building could actually handle that much data in the future while your laptop would require some physics bending in order to store/process that much information. There's a hard limit on the amount of computational power and information you can jam into an area. That said the Wired article just cites a DoD report which say their goal was to have Global Information Grid handle yottabytes when Utah was up and running. IIRC only the Supreme Court can really decide on constitutionality other judges are just supposed to follow the laws laid out by Congress. It's still a prediction, even if the immediate interpretation is that they have some ability to predict before they start filming/not in the few months before release. You can do reports by voice and reporting it is just a few clicks if you don't use voice. I think this will work well even after they get self0driving cars, even when you have self driving cars there's still a need for good traffic data. Still selling physical discs is pretty important because broadband access in the US is still pretty dismal so if they went pure digital their market would be unnaturally limited by customer's ability to download games in reasonable times. ebaumsworld is still slapping their watermark on anything that moves? That would require some form of one disc identifier and a one time (at least) authentication to ensure that someone who had converted their discs into cloud copies hadn't passed off their disc to someone who was now playing offline with the disc. GAs are a good bit above brute forcing. Brute forcing this would be enumerating ever possible car and testing them all. It's a bit smarter still than that though. Brute force still covers the whole space. GAs are far closer to a hill climbing search which I don't think qualifies as anything near a brute force search. I wonder how well it really works because addresses are really hard, see: http://www.kalzumeus.com/2010/06/17/falsehoods-programmers-b... Seems like this story pops up every year or so with little new information. It popped up first in 2009 it seems in the NYTimes. This article doesn't even mention that he was found guilty ~1-2 months ago. Ah well I stand corrected. Other than that it's still just mostly the old information repeated yet again. That would be another variable to account for and isn't the a standard test for viscosity. Also with pitch being this viscous having a centrifuge capable of spinning fast enough and long enough would be troublesome. > While top clockspeed was not our priority, our product roadmap includes more CPU-heavy features. These include image optimization (e.g., Mirage and Polish), high volumes of SSL/TLS connections, and extremely fast pattern expression matching (e.g., PCRE tests for our WAF). These CPU-heavy operations can, in most cases, take advantage of special vector processing instruction sets on post-Westmere Intel chips. This made Intel's newest generation Sandybridge chipset attractive. and > We were willing to sacrifice a bit of clockspeed and spend a bit more on chips to save power. We tend to put our equipment in data centers that have high network density. These facilities, however, are usually older and don't always have the highest power capacity. We settled on our G4 servers having two Intel Xeon 2630L CPUs (a low power chip in the Sandybridge family) running at 2.0GHz. This gives us 12 physical cores (and 24 virtual cores with hyperthreading) per server. The power savings per chip (60 watts vs. 95 watts) is sufficient to allow us at least one more server per rack than we'd be able to get if we went with the non-low power version. So a combination of additional instructions and power savings. Not today, sneak and peak is a thing now. Depends on how effective the legal department was on their medical consent forms. Also if the other surgery had a proven record of being very deadly there might be some wiggle room with less deadly alternatives. It would be a very precarious position for the hospital/surgeon though. Well the most obvious way that things have changed is that pensions are largely a relic now with most companies now using 401Ks where they're not liable for the retirements of their workers. Fully baking an individualized key into each car is certainly possible, but would require exquisite record keeping and distribution to allow dealers to create new keys to replace lost keys. So instead the individual code is generated based on some information about the car. That's what it sounds like they do just with an added secret. They have some function which maps VINs to key-codes. Just doing that though doesn't prevent someone from uncapping whatever processor is used to do that mapping and then everything is broken. So doing that is still relying on obscurity of the mapping function and isn't any better. Hashes aren't meant to be cryptographically secure, they're meant to protect against corruption. (For that specific instance at least) Read the start of that paragraph again. That's supposed to be the FBI agent trying to describe what happened and being completely flummoxed by the use of subversion that doesn't line up with the dictionary definition. > 'Then he explained what he knew, or thought he knew:...' There's a fine line there to be sure. As a society we'd like to find the true culprit in every crime. Yet we'd also like to allow those caught and truly to be able to confess and save on the resources that requiring a full forensic case as well. It's a balance between preventing that and not wasting resources preparing a full forensic etc. case for EVERY plea which could be used on other more questionable/difficult cases. > 6. There's a five percent chance I live in a "future" computer simulation as I write this. False - to run simulate sentient beings with so much suffering would be cruel. This, along with most arguments based on morality just doesn't hold water, it assumes both that the Simulators (those running the simulation) hold the same moral values as us and that our suffering is deemed unnecessary. The first also assumes that every member of a Simulator level race is perfectly moral on top of assuming they share the 'suffering = cruel' moral bullet point because at some point all member of a society would likely have the ability to create and run UniverseSimulator.exe. Today we do tons of cruel things for science or to learn who's to say that the Simulator runners wouldn't make a similar valuation or draw a distinction between their real existence and our simulated existence? What ever civilization that runs our simulation could have drawn a distinction culturally/legally between their real sentience and sentience in their simulation. Linking and granting rights to a simulated sentience isn't a guaranteed step after all. There's the Emergency Alert System [1] which has been around much longer, in various forms back to the 60s. It's mostly used for sever weather alerts from NOAA, it's the crawl you see on the bottom of broadcast TV some times. It can be activated nationally though. These _emergency_ notifications like alarm clocks don't respect silent or do not disturb. It's also that most people haven't experienced it before which adds to the annoyance of being woken up in the middle of the night by the jarring noise. It's really not surprising that people aren't thrilled about it. If they manage (somehow) to hit their 30m goal it will have raised 9.4% of the entire 2012 total pledges on Kickstarter and the entire year pledged amount for Technology projects. So it may blow anything that Kickstarter has had out of the water. All these numbers are for Kickstarter because I couldn't find a convenient list of numbers for Indiegogo. source: http://www.kickstarter.com/year/2012#category ps: There's a lack of a good verb tense for something that could happen but it is unlikely, there's no good pessimistic subjunctive future. That's decent, it fits a little awkwardly in to the middle of sentences though. Just something I kept noticing when I was typing that. out. IIRC the average rate of return for the stock market has been pretty stable. There's the dramatic examples where it spiked above and below the average but those even out and that's about 9% iirc. >4) Why are we to believe the next 40 years will be like the last 139? The last 139 had a different set of wars, different stages of development, a different tax regime, and different government. Yes, past performance isn't a good thing to go on, but speculating on the future regulatory environment and business environment and the rabbit hole of poorly understood interactions is even less useful. The retirement timeline for most people falls into that 'very long term' time frame. You're in control of your car though so if you need to you can stop and get out to deal with any bodily functions or sickness. You can't do that in this train. There's a lot to be said for the effect of just having the option even if you don't exercise it. Control is very comforting to people. Not much. Most of the time it's easier to just use many simpler mechanisms and time and actuate/control them singly instead of these mechanisms. At least for the more complicated ones. Most of these (that I've seen haven't gone through them all yet) deal with turning one form of motion, circular or linear, into another with varying alterations, speed, period, or direction change, which was really important when all you had access too was a spinning power source, say a water wheel, and you have to convert that energy into every type of motion for your machine. I wouldn't be so quick to dismiss. Are there shitty practices screwing things up and misaligned priorities? Certainly, but fundamentally banks and investors make capital and investment much more fluid and simpler. There are a tiny number of ways but they're all so fantastically expensive it's pointless. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synthesis_of_precious_metals#G... A good point, could there be a color background which the thermal printer prints on top of? Even if that's not possible from the full examples it looks like most of the color is branding related so could be converted to black and white. It prevents a straight forward tracking and forces anyone wishing to track you using a cellphone to throw a lot more resources at you than before. Inside the case it doesn't get any simple tracking info, the only thing it really gets would be physical orientation (gyroscope, accelerometer, and compass) and audio. In order to turn the first into tracking the phone has to either do the inertial tracking itself (possible but computationally expensive and it diverges pretty quickly unless there have been some major improvements). The second requires some luck involving an identifiable sound marker some where in the recording then the processing power to cross reference everything. It's a mistake to confuse imperfect with useless. Hit escape to advance. It's a weird UI. If you're so inclined: https://soundcloud.com/dutoncmusic/du-tonc-surging-memories If you look at the price it's in rupees, so 5000 rupees is just 74 USD. The author bought a $5 version of TAOCP. The lack of quality isn't surprising. (Unless Rs. isn't Rupee, but Google thinks it is) Ah that makes more sense now. Confusing cross cultural slang. It was shocking to see how little the expensive version the author passed up was. At interstate speeds (~75mph/120kmph) that's just under 6 hours a day in the car. That leaves a short but reasonably good amount of time to sight see at either end or in the middle of each day. There are loads of different ways to sandbox a given process. If they're feeling particularly paranoid/lazy running each match in an ephemeral VM would be one way. Here's a SO question with more: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4249063/how-can-i-run-an-... There's space inside for more storage in most phones. 64GB is just a point where the number of people who would actually use that amount of space rapidly diminishes. Take a second read. It's talking about the currencies themselves not the underlying economic power of the country. An ambiguous title to be sure but it's not exactly a dense article. That looks like a completely reputable and completely unbiased source with no monetary motivation or agenda. I agree heartily. Also the combination doesn't even make that much sense paired with the Nest, especially without any real cooperation between the two mentioned in this article. At least use the new devices to gather more temperature points and maybe even to see if anyone is present, which would pair nicely with the Nest's away feature. So in essence they do tons of pre-processing on their data. I wonder how long the pre-processing takes compared to the amount of speed gains it produced for them. > "It works by testing whether each integer is divisible by any smaller integer, apart from itself and 1. This is similar in principle to the Sieve of Eratosthenes." How is this anything close the the Sieve? The Sieve is forward looking eliminating number that are multiples of a found prime, forward looking and eliminating. This, from the description, is just the classic prime test of looking at all smaller numbers to find divisors. There's a separation between the viewing areas and the mission areas so it's not an issue. http://gsgd.co.uk/sandbox/jquery/easing/jquery.easing.1.3.js The plugin the author talking about and used is linked. Most of these can be described as variations on a handful of core functions: logarithmic, s-curve (logistic), and exponential. The stranger ones like the elastics aren't done with straight math formulas, or they're piecewise. These should fairly easy to combine just being js functions. It's a jQuery plugin: http://gsgd.co.uk/sandbox/jquery/easing/jquery.easing.1.3.js Making comparisons like that is largely useless though because there's a thousand other adjustments you could make; visitor vs depth of history, visitors vs density, etc. The problem comes in when you factor in the danger of ever changing political and project climates. In this case if the Republican party had been successful in revoking the ACA whatever work the contractors were doing was now completely wasted through no cause or fault of their own. In your analogy it would be like you're successfully installing the panel and suddenly there's a massive tree completely shading the solar panels or the power company suddenly refusing to accept feed-in power from residential structures. Pressure sensors don't really give a good measure of altitude from one sample. For starters weather can drastically change the pressure in a region. If a sensor package could somehow filter that out with a 4 minute sample rate (doubtful) then the sensor is still giving you altitude relative to sea level which means the data would have to have a GPS component to differentiate between on the ground on a tall hill or flying over a flat lowlands area. At 5km up the difference is miniscule, back of the napkin says the difference is ~-0.01 m/s^2. Which is pretty small to use as a classification filter. All the way up to 40km it's still only ~1.2% weaker. Yeah that's the qualm I've always had with that 'experiment' in a subway you're on your way to do something else, usually on a time crunch. Add on the noise and the fact that most people couldn't tell an amazing concert level performer from a simply good performer and the result is foregone. I don't fully understand the authors reasoning either but one thing that is highly misunderstood about the bonds is that a) they're not callable, meaning that borrowers can't suddenly decide that they want to get their investment back and b) China while the largest foreign national holder of US bonds (iirc) holds >10% of the issued bonds. Almost all bonds are held here in the US in things like mutual funds and by retail investors. Traditionally they might have been air gapped but from the description of anyone being able to use any station that would not longer possible. They might run on isolated servers, almost definitely since the Armed forces are religious about separation of classified and non-classified systems and data. (This is one reason why sites hosting the Wikileaks and Snowden documents are banned from networks. If classified data, which the leaks still are despite being leaked, appears on an unclassified system there's hell to pay.) As for the attack surface incoming communication is encrypted a lot these days which severely limits an attackers ability to even get a hook in the system to start with. They also probably isolate the communication systems from an other systems requiring users to input any order, eg vm000123 is running on the gun controllers station relaying firing authorization and targeting which is entered into vm0002020 which manages the gun systems. Straight from the article: "Each EME has its own shock and vibration damping, power protection, water cooling systems, and electromagnetic shielding to prevent interference from the ship's radar and other big radio frequency emitters." The military is no stranger to EM hardening their systems. They've been doing it since the cold war after all. That's the thing I've never gotten about many of the examples of 'zomg-too-many-ads' they're mostly searches that you'd normally be looking to buy an item off of. On a side note I don't actually get the map results most of the time anymore. Guess I'm in a separate test group. It might be grouped that way for geography but culturally and demographically so depending on what you want to get out of your survey the distinction could be worth while. In the States maybe, Windows is massively pirated over seas especially in Asia. Also there's a reason self assembled laptops aren't a thing, packing all the components in the size of a laptop is a really hard problem. Looks like no: http://www.linux-usb.org/usb.ids Though I'm not sure how accurate and complete this list is. Edit the official list is here but they list their VIDs in dec. Why is it zero indexed? Tradition. Why did that tradition start? The best explanation I can think of is because array access is a convenient short hand for pointer math: array[i] translates perfectly into array_memory_start + i*element size. Thus the tradition was most likely born. I did read it. And all he says is that C was zero based but doesn't say why that happened. Unless it was in the comment thread or one of the several second order articles which I'll freely admit I didn't read. This does not work for me in FF 22.0 (work specified version). Looks nice in chrome, only time it drops is when you bundle them into a large group and then cross you mouse over it and they explode everywhere. Yeah works for me at home on 24 too. Just noting it in case. It's cheating because the decision is supposed to be simultaneously. You're not supposed to react to the opponent's choice as they're displaying it. Computers would probably struggle to run it though. It's pretty laggy on Windows 7 FF24 too. Probably holding accounts/cold storage for a single group or a small number of groups using a similar division plan, say an exchange. I bet the idea is keep them in separate wallets to ensure that one compromise doesn't lose their whole investment. All just wild conjecture though. No the entire history of bitcoin transactions is public that's the only way the whole thing works because that allows anyone to validate that a given account has enough coin to settle a given transaction. In FF24's built in pdf viewer it's just a massive scramble. I'd find it really odd if the ounces they reference aren't troy ounces, which is the true de facto for precious metal weight quotes. To the true matter though is that valuing things by their liquid value is problematic especially when their liquidity isn't ever really going to be utilized. They're talking about viewing the source code and testing the login. The author could have just reported the leaked credentials and not logged on. Testing them especially since it wasn't part of the program falls under potentially extremely malicious. It'd be even cooler if there were deeper zoom levels which linked in images specifically of a particular object. Say I find and zoom in on the Horse Head Nebula I get to images of that specific object. I think the important point missing from that is that Challenges was a free multiplayer add-on given to the owners of the base game. That really changes the nature of them removing the game from user libraries from they removed software that users paid for to they removed a free program that's useless now. Which would bring them closer into line with the representation, in terms of electoral and Congressional representation, people in smaller states get. Should be pretty easy to keep a large amount of the functionality online, the one thing that definitely wouldn't work is remote access through nest.com. Just controlling the HVAC system doesn't _require_ any web access, easy test to see what the impact of a hard shutdown by Google is to just disconnect your wireless router from the Internet. A = 2 tau r^2. Why divide the circle in half? The early use of pi was calculating area and it was derived based on that. At least as far as history can tell us. Records are a little sketchy that far back. That's a weak argument. Integrating 2a * x is also insanely common in dealing with integrals. And really if you're deriving the area of a circle and integrating 2pi * r gives you pause you're not on a good road to begin with and removing a 2 from some equations isn't going to help much. edit: forgot that * would make everything italicized. Sure... Sphere surface area: 4pi * r^2 Sphere volume: (4/3) * pi * r^3 Both would still have a coefficient if tau replaced pi... Looking at PCPartPicker (no drive shucking) Hitachi drives are at least $.02 more per GB than similar (7200RPM >= 1TB) WD and Seagate drives. Which means a difference of ~$20 per TB of storage, which at 1 pod (180TB) every few weeks means they're saving something on the order of 3.5k every few weeks using the cheaper drives. How much the additional failure rate costs them would be wild speculation, between RMAs/warranties and labor there are lots of assumptions to make, so I'll stop there. eg: Hitachi 0F10311 Deskstar 7K2000 (7200RPM) : $0.059/GB Western Digital WD30EFRX RED (5400RPM) : $.044/GB Seagate ST3000DM001 (7200RPM) : $.034/GB http://pcpartpicker.com/parts/internal-hard-drive/#m=19,34,3... In which business do they have no or limited real competition? In every product line there are 3+ other companies providing similar products. Yes of course because servers aren't and won't continue to be extremely important for providing everything on the web. What exactly do you see as the automobile in your analogy? And if that trend becomes wide spread there will be vendors that will spring up providing those servers. Most businesses can't afford the expense of designing and creating their own server lines. I just don't see the generic server hardware going away soon, more specialized boards and designs may pop up but nothing stops vendors from providing them. Also there's a lot of money in the support of the servers sold. Checking bags adds a lot of time to your trip after the plane lands, you have to wait ages in many cases for the ground crews to unload and process your baggage. In addition the size for carry-on luggage is pretty large with a small amount of work you can pretty easily get all you need for a trip into the carry-on baggage. The size is basically the same everywhere because there's limited difference in the planes. EG American Airlines which I just flew has the limit of 56 x 36 x 23 cm. Big enough for a one week duffel easily. That's not what the Hairy Ball Theorem (HBT) says, the HBT says that there must be a point on a sphere where a continuous vector field is zero. It doesn't say they can't be pointing in the same direction except that point. sigh To quote because topology is a pain: > "there is no nonvanishing continuous tangent vector field on even dimensional n-spheres. For the ordinary sphere, or 2‑sphere, if f is a continuous function that assigns a vector in R3 to every point p on a sphere such that f(p) is always tangent to the sphere at p, then there is at least one p such that f(p) = 0" Which means they can all blow in a continuous path except for at least one point, so the wind at every point but 2 could be blowing east on a sphere. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hairy_ball_theorem You didn't get a receipt did you? Any time cops take anything get a receipt... If you'd gotten a copy of the report, with the receiving officer's signature that would have been a good start. I wish there was a way to control when a new one spawned, I had loads in really good setups to make nice circular orbits and then a new one spawns. Game of Life isn't reversible. Take any oscillator, say a blinker http://www.conwaylife.com/wiki/Blinker , trying to reverse that you don't know if it was the opposite state the step before or some other pattern that became a blinker. You can't trace individual coins, but you can trace amounts. Bitcoin is made of nothing but the blockchain which is the whole ledger of which wallet owns how many BTC. And weighting, assaying, and using the tiny divisions of gold has a steep upwards cost as the amount of gold gets smaller. HASTA LA VISTA, BABY is already an operator in ArnoldC as the method terminator, best not to have it used twice. Read further on they didn't lose their jobs, their hours just got shifted temporarily. > Turns out that we, a group of highly educated private boarding school students were so bad at the most basic construction work that each night the men had to take down the structurally unsound bricks we had laid and rebuild the structure so that, when we woke up in the morning, we would be unaware of our failure. See? It all comes out in a wash in the end. The person you're responding to was talking about the failed Google Wifi in San Francisco not Google Fiber. > all you're doing is working every day for an hour for free. Or if you want to look at it slightly differently, you're diluting your salary. That's only if you don't leave an hour earlier which the author says he does, not in the most clear fashion but the most logical way to read: > I take that extra hour every day and go for a run with my Golden Retriever (40 minutes) and work on a blog post (20 minutes). I just traded an hour of sitting (like I don't get enough of that) for an hour of exercise and career growth. EDIT: In the comments (currently the first reply to the first post) he actually says he leaves earlier, didn't spot that earlier. Scientifically random would be choosing data points such that each member of the target population, Java developers, has an equal chance of being surveyed. This blog's survey has a couple biases, one is self selection (it was only posted on the blog so only people who read the blog have responded). Also Amtrak can be forced to stop if a particularly heavy freight train or traffic has gone through. Heavy freight can heat up the rails enough that Amtrak has to wait for them to cool, the only time I've ever used Amtrak that happened and it took forever. I have, on the only time I've used Amtrak. It was from Raleigh to Charlotte NC. The train bathroom smelled horrendous, it wasn't confined to the bathroom either, and we had to stop and wait for 2+ hours for the rails to cool when a really heavy freight train had passed before. Not entirely true in this case. If it were then you'd expect to see more in Europe and Asia than this map shows. In the US it does devolve to a population density map. What that does it vastly simplify the logistics for the manufacturers. If you could order directly from them they'd have to hire sales people or people to run their web store, shippers to pack and ship individual components instead of just palletizing everything, and then have to deal with the laws of each customer's country about taxes. It's much simpler for them and more efficient on their end to just sell to a middleman. Your example companies are working at huge scales compared to most companies that go through distributors. The big difference there is that those companies are selling consumer goods. Many companies that deal exclusively through distributors are selling to businesses, it's a much different environment. When you're working at a huge volume the difference in price makes a much larger impact than if you're selling to a smaller number of companies and the cost of setting up the handlers is dwarfed. > It just takes an immense amount of resources that smaller manufacturers simply do not have. Requiring less resources is a form of efficiency for the manufacturer. Being able to simply ship to a single distributor vs shipping to many individuals and having the infrastructure to process those packages, is more efficient to the small manufacturers. It may not be on the wider economic scale but for small companies it saves a lot of work. Part of the problem in doing that is that most women's watches have really small faces. Fitting a usable amount of information and interface onto a huge men's watch (even by men's watch standards) is a challenge already. This is trademark not patent or copyright. It's the dark grey/black face + the yellow shell/border that's the problem here. It's really similar to Fluke's usual design. > Small business does not have the resources to stay abreast of all trademarks for all the products they don’t carry. I agree that this sucks for Sparkfun, but at some point someone had to think these look a lot like Flukes' multimeters. If you ever find yourself thinking 'this product I'm about to import looks a LOT like $major_market_player's product' then take a second to look up their trademarks. You don't have to stay up to date on every trademark but at least do a cursory search before a big commitment.. @phaemon (HN please increase your comment thread depth) a) That's in the UK where Fluke doesn't have the same protections. b) Those are newer, cheap, meters aping the design of Flukes, for that search to mean anything it should look back before Fluke's popularity or at least before they started using the current trademarked design. c) Past just the first page the split gets much more even. You're reading it wrong, it's specifically the dark grey color and yellow border/case. Ah I'd never seen the link appear later before. A lot of older multimeters look like this: http://www.eevblog.com/forum/chat/show-your-multimeter!/540/ or something similar at least once handheld meters with multiple modes started to become an actual item. That whole thread is a decent cross section of multimeters, though it's skewed towards nice older meters as opposed to lower grade meters. Switching the label on the default from More Capacity to More Capacity Per Dollar would clear it right up and should be changed even if the default view isn't going to be changed. > "In general, we have a very clear ‘do not call’ policy (attached) that is given to every staffing professional" ... "Unfortunately, every six months or so someone makes an error in judgment, and for this type of violation we terminate their relationship with Google." The recruiter knew from the how the Google HR to Eric Schmidt email reads. The 'secret' part of this agreement is being over emphasized, if you're going to have a non-poaching agreement your staffing employees need to know or it's utterly pointless. Then they have to track WHO to give papers too and who not to. And also sending a kid home with info doesn't require parents to be tech adept or to check their email often which a good number of people don't. Yes they have a profiles some where but the hassle comes when it's time to hand out bulk info to the kids, teachers or whoever has to go check the list then make sure that every kid on that list gets one. Way simpler to just and them out to everyone. > This ruling really just makes cars heavier, and as a result, less efficient. Adding a backup camera, wiring, and video screen is going to add a small amount of weight, I'd guess around 15 lbs and that's including any additional mounting material for the camera. It's going to have an insignificant effect there. One trend that's making this less pointless is the increasingly tiny back glass on modern cars. In order to give larger trunks and a more streamlined shape the back window is shrinking making it harder to see out of. (In a lot of cars I see) I was dubious at first that the movement of the ship would be fast enough for a 4ms delta in the click timing but it comes out to just 6.24 m/s speed if they're moving directly away from the object (this assumes a 1560 m/s speed of sound in water which isn't constant but it's the best I had). Most states require locksmiths to be certified and advertising services without being licensed is a bigger infraction than carrying picks. Haven't you heard? Companies don't have to make money anymore, just have to keep climbing the evaluation ladder until they get acquired by a company with a big enough purse to bail out. They're not going all the way out to the asteroid belt, 1999 AO10 orbits between Venus and just beyond Earth's orbit. As for the risks there's significantly less expensive equipment in Lunar orbit and the distance from Earth and Earth orbit would make an abort simpler. http://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/sbdb.cgi?sstr=1999+AO10&orb=1 (Requires Java applet to view) One has a gigantic ecological impact from mining activities, the other there's no ecology to speak of to be impacted. A casino consisting of skill based games probably wouldn't function well, unless it was entirely player vs player with the house only providing game administration and entertainment/drinks/etc. Why? There are two main ways casino's make money: betting against players, i.e. any game where the house pays money beyond bets place by the players (blackjack, roulette, etc) and incidentals, entertainment, drinks, hotel rooms, and the like. For the first you want luck based games where the house has a statistic edge where dealer/game runner skill has no affect on the outcome of the game. These games are great for the casino because all they need is a trained warm body to run the game correctly and a flow of people coming in. Skill based games on the other hand are generally player vs player, where the house doesn't win or lose any money, like poker. The casino doesn't want to get involved with betting against the players in these types of games because to win consistently they would need to staff skilled people to play the games and pay them enough that playing the other side of the table is less lucrative. That's likely to be quite expensive. So instead casinos make money off of skill based games through the second less lucrative stream, incidentals, providing guests with food, drink, lodging, and entertainment. These are more expensive and aren't as reliable as just churning through people in non-skilled games. tldr: Why are they so 'bad'? Because luck based games make the best money. The monarchy actually saves the country money over all from just first layer income given to the country... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhyYgnhhKFw They support electronic transfers but there are plenty of people who aren't good with technology/don't trust it/for some other reason can't do EMTs so there's this system as a backup and convenience. There are two big problems that I see with the current generation of VR goggles for applications like this. The first is bandwidth, the Oculus's screen had too low of a resolution for densely packed information and text, this may have been solved in the latest but I haven't seen it in person. Google Glass has the problem because of it's really small size, trying to access and manipulate much information on that interface would be extremely slow and cumbersome. The second is with full VR goggles. Right now there's not a really good way to be able to use them and interact with anything outside the VR environment. For your other point about the graph the system doesn't have to pick out the best on its own. Just having the possible values and the results displayed the user could pick which one achieves their goals best. For his light following robot though there's a pretty easy way to evaluate the parameters, how far is the robot from the light, that is a simple function and could easily be programmed. The integration of the whole room and how you get the robot to automatically do many runs with different parameters, for the viewing across possibilities, is where I think a lot of the difficulty lies. To do that with a small robot you have to have a lot of things automated: robot repositioning, light movement, data collection on the robot, etc. What's more fun is when you've registered for a site then come back and can't find the tiny 'existing users' link to use the account you just signed up for. The blades on turbines are massive and would require adding a lot of height to the existing towers. Also working around live transmission lines is extremely dangerous much less trying to add to the tower. It's just too dangerous. Also the elements themselves don't render properly in FF24 (work mandated): http://imgur.com/AyactvC A guess, there are a lot of older planes out there in the fleets and the winglets were a later improvement. That'd be a fair comparison if Powerpoint generated powerpoint shows for you without any work on your part. Depends on the increase in crushing weight, if it isn't greater than the increase in weight per lego unit height (~9mm) then you don't get a larger tower in the end. You can't pull autorotation with fixed pitch blades, at least not in any meaningful manner. Light quads can fall pretty slowly with pinwheeling motors but that's not actually autorotation. The way a helicopter is able to autorotate is to pull negative pitch, which spins the rotors using the fall energy of the copter, then shortly before crashing pulling back to positive pitch and using the still spinning blades to slow down to a controlled landing. For motor failure ETH Zurich has some research out there about recovering to normal(ish) flight after a prop loss. The quad goes into a pretty rapid spin but it's still controllable, link below to an outside the lab test. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ek0FrCaogcs Strange they didn't link to google's own publication page: http://research.google.com/pubs/pub42241.html Clearly that section is based on the question 'assuming car software could be modified in a way that made them violate the Laws of Robotic Cars, what new dangers would that pose.' Just like the bit that mentions the trailing car assumes they would have a way to know where a car is going in the future, suggesting a way to query a given car for it's direction. The first isn't an outlandish question, modifying locked down software isn't exactly a new art. It wouldn't happen for a while likely just due to the small reward to the difficulty of execution. No because latitude and longitude are infinitely precise only limited by the accuracy of the measuring instrument. With the binary search idea you proposed the dividing lines are more tightly packed longitudinally near the poles. Lat. long. doesn't have a length limitation of the binary search system, 10:10 so the information isn't wasted because where the grid is sparser near the equator we just extend the decimal places. Stop motion chic perhaps? One thing that keeps me from cooking a lot of recipes is just not having all the pieces. After that there's the problem that pretty much everything comes in amounts too large so a lot of these pricey or rarely used ingredients just end up in one meal then spoil before they're used again. I'd like it even more if this service had the choice of just getting the ingredients delivered, or some level between ingredients and ready to fry/grill/saute/bake which is what it looks like they're providing. I wouldn't call it highly contagious. That should be reserved for things that can spread through the air not things like Ebola which require contact with bodily fluids to transmit. Actually: "None of the 3 metrics over the one particular time period I checked adds up and they aren't transparent about it, that's enough to write a click-bait headline claiming they're lying." They were the first to fall under OP's brutal attack. RIP. With the complete lack of details about the state of the plaintiff's properties there's no way to take an informed side... If you just Google the title you can skip right past their pay wall. Incoming search links don't get checked against how many articles you've read. No no no, it also has to be just one common word so that it's completely ungoogleable by itself. This seems like a simpler version of what Microsoft demonstrated in the paper. Between the final and original shots in Instigram's demos you can still see much of the original motion. This is especially apparent in the car clip. What it looks like the Instagram app is doing is selecting and stabilizing individual frames instead of the full 3D scene reconstruction that the MSFT paper described. EG there's no pop in and out of details like the MSFT demos and there's still a small but noticeable judder in some of the videos. No, it shouldn't. The caption says it the center of mass was calculated in 3D then projected onto the closest surface point. Changing the projection used wouldn't change the position of this point. So there's a couple things going on that would make this feasible. 1) People are unlikely to use that much actual storage in the first place. The tipping point, assuming their on S3 and haven't moved to a cheaper option like some other comments have suggested, for the $10/mon is ~363 GB. That's a lot of data for a single person to upload especially considering the poor state of US internet speeds. 2) There are technologies to push that break even point even higher from the customers perspective. Deduplication and compression will shrink many of a users files while still increasing their used count. It's really hard to estimate the effects of dedup and compression though because of the number of unknowns. Partially and that's what the MSR Hyperlapse program did. That method is extremely expensive to do computationally so why do it when the devices recording has a good gyroscope available? The biggest downside to the MSR method that I saw was the visual artifacts where small details like the rocks on the ground would pop in and out of existence. It's not that bad but for things that Instagram's method would smooth I'd prefer to use it. I think that a mixture of both methods would be most useful. MSR's method could be made less computationally intense with a good stream of IMU data giving it the camera path and Instagram's method could use some of MSRs frame selection algorithms. A mechanism to flag sites as 'not a start-up' would be good. There are already sites like 9gag and upworthy in the mix. (4 & 144) Not really. There's a perfectly valid distinction between accounts compromised by poor password recovery processes and more general ways of compromising the system, ie attacks that require targeted information about the account being compromised and attacks that compromise many accounts at once. problem #2: Travel becomes more of a pain because your apps/phone stop working. There's an error in the map. If you mouse over Stanley County North Carolina it thinks it's Stanley County Virginia. Possibly, but it'd be pretty damn easy to tell if they were ever streaming video out, just check for any massive upstream communications by it's MAC. Because basically to every other manufacturer this is just another netbook. The OS is designed for everything that netbooks were originally touted for after all. Some states tried that but iirc any that made it to a court challenge were struck down. Quite a few places have started issuing memos reminding officers that the public does have the right to record and they can only stop them if they're actually interfering with the arrest. They say as much right in the article. They know their test is artificial and is only useful as a comparison between the devices. > The test sends a Google Hangouts message to the watch every 15 seconds, and uses ADB over Bluetooth to turn the screen on every 15 seconds. It's a fairly heavy usage example, but it allows us to compare battery life across Android Wear devices with a fair amount of scientific rigor. Well to change the fares they just change the amount deducted from the card. For this change they'd have to make a change that only applies to some of the machines. In a reasonable architecture that's a few lines in a config file plus some way of managing which machines get that file (possibly cumbersome if they didn't plan for this). Any comments on how easy or hard the change would be are. Not sure. It said my email was in the leak but the "First two symbols of password is: " is from one of my old passwords I don't use any more, don't know when I changed it away from that old password. If you're more concerned about spam it's your gmail address which is probably already getting loads of spam you don't notice because gmail's filters are excellent. Clubs mostly, generally the vast majority of Makerspaces' income is solely the membership dues. There are a handful that are run more like businesses. Techshop is one and there's non profits like The Geek Group up in Michigan which has full time employees and a goal of each department/lab paying for it's own existence. Probably more but those are the ones I know of. There's another thing that's important about company names, and more generally any product or software name. It has to be google-able. The amount of frustration that come from trying to find a generic software name is awful. E.g. Go, finding anything about go is awful until you start using golang. A guess: Small variations in the composition and microstructure of the various battery components give a certain range of errors that they have to account for lest they get sued for mislabeling. The main way companies building or built around open source products make money is through services and expertise. Companies like Cloudera and RedHat are two prime examples, they're both built around open source projects but still make excellent money because of their service and support abilities. Applying that to the individual user level is probably too specific to slip past gag orders like this more general language is. The can request any fine amount they want. The Yahoo fine schedule would have been billions within a couple months iirc because it included a doubling clause every few weeks that the order wasn't complied with. This isn't their only lab location though. Microsoft Research isn't going away, just what's probably one of their more expensive locations. You can own basically anything given enough forms and legal wrangling. 300$ for just the software. Access to their data api's cost ~1k$ to start now with the desktop software. The language itself is not the exciting bit really, it's the data and processing APIs that it integrates with. They're taking care of a lot of information gathering for your through that integration which is pretty neat. Well, they /could/ factor the recoil into their insertion burn calculations. That's just a matter of the repeatability of the railgun's acceleration. Of course the better way to outpace Voyager at this point is probably an ion engine, Voyager is sailing along at 17 km/s and the highest number I could find for a current railgun is 2.4-3 km/s (and these way waaay more than 300kg), that leaves the orbiter with >14km/s of the velocity required to beat Voyager. Each mission will come in at different orbital velocities but I found that Odyssey had a velocity of "5.907 kilometers per second" [1] before it's orbital insertion burn. Missions are more inclined to come in at or around their final orbital velocity (getting there faster requires more fuel for braking into orbit and more weight dedicated to that fuel requiring more fuel [repeat until your entire launch weight is fuel with a postage stamp as your probe]). [1] http://mars.jpl.nasa.gov/odyssey/mission/timeline/mtmoi/moid... A lot of care is put into making sure we don't track Earth microbes to Mars in the first place to make sure if we do find life we'll be pretty sure it's not just a hitchhiker flown in from Earth in the last 40 years of space exploration. For a long time this will still be the case. Until we're going to be putting humans on Mars (at which point there are very limited options for continuing the sterility, because we're lousy with them) avoiding contamination will be a pretty high goal for missions. The first colonies won't get any help from microbes on the surface of Mars, it's too cold and dry for much of anything useful from Earth to survive much less thrive. And the timescales for anything that could a) thrive and b) have a measurable impact on the lives of colonist are way longer than (I hope) any mission will land since it'd take decades/centuries for there to be a useful impact. Eventually yeah introducing life to Mars will be a useful prospect but we're talking about kickstarting a whole planet's ecosystem not something to do haphazardly or that will show large impacts in a single lifetime. > For every gambler who comes out ahead That's only true in games where the only winnings are the bets of the players. Roulette, and blackjack, is different because your winnings on success are set and paid by the house. The regulatory aspect only comes in when shares are cashed out probably. The new RedditCoin wouldn't legally be shares so it's not bound to the same regulations. Only once the Coin is cashed into a share would it transfer and get bound to the same regulatory hurdles. At least that's the way that they'll probably try to set it up to avoid those issues. IANAL The eInk display is one of the reasons that Plastc probably won't work on a credit card size. If you browse through the comment you'll see more details but it boils down to the circuitry to drive an eInk display is thicker than the space available. Apple Pay requires the vendor to have an NFC card terminal, which won't be universal for a long time if ever. This looks like it'd be usable with a normal credit card terminal. Do you mean a non Final number? That shouldn't happen since ever issuer is uniquely identified by the first 6 numbers on the card. For collisions with Final numbers they'll have to keep track of the numbers they've issued and if they have expired or not. Aren't online transactions validated with a combination of CC# and other details. They could use that to deepen their pool of numbers. They can also get multiple issuer numbers (the first 6 digits) giving them more numbers as well. Also temporary card numbers aren't completely new so they're probably drawing on existing solutions to collision issues. Also before eCommerce and the Internet in general really took off the main application for encryption was national communications and in particular use by the military. With that view and context there's a pretty fair argument that proper strong encryption is mostly a military device, similar to the way GPS devices are limited to a certain speed and a given height. It turned out to be patently false but at the time it's not that outlandish of an assumption/view, especially in the limited world view of national security and spying agencies. A Constitutional Court seems like a good idea except the politics surrounding it would be at least as bad as those surrounding the Supreme Court and probably worse because it'd have an earlier and thus more powerful interdiction chance against laws. It usually isn't that much of an issue because normally unconstitutional laws are quickly brought up through the courts and along the way injunctions are issued preventing the problematic portions of the law from being exercised. It's an issue with the latest spying and PATRIOT ACT laws (along with all it's spawn) is the fact that because of the secrecy it's fairly impossible to prove standing for the challenge to begin in the first place. Like you said it comes down to how much it costs to extract that 2.5% from the exhaust. One benefit to this over just adding more turbines is that it can be done aftermarket as a cheaper way to provide additional capacity to the grid without the expense of building a new or expanding plant(s). > The first customers will probably be oil, gas, and mining companies that use large generators to produce power in remote areas. The generator could save those companies millions in fuel, Scullin says. “There aren’t many levers these companies can pull to reduce costs that much,” he adds. This aligns with the cost centered evaluation too. These installations have huge usage and transport costs relative to a normal generation station. Which trend line are you talking about? The only applicable one I see/remember is the figure labeled 'Marathon World Record' at the beginning of the article and that trend won't break 2 hours until around 2025. > “He has failed to take the one step he needed to take to allow the Court to consider his substantive claims regarding the investigation: he has failed to submit anything establishing that he has a personal privacy interest in the Icelandic server or any of the other items imaged and/or searched and/or seized.” This is the critical point as the judge notes. The FBI isn't proving that he owns it yet, just submitting it as evidence. The judge can't rule based on the fact that the FBI will eventually prove that Ulbrircht. At this point it's just a server that the FBI found something on they're planning on using in the trial. Combine that with the fact that the fourth only protects your own property from search and there's nothing the judge could really do. There's some additional oddness around if the sworn affidavit would could be used to prove he owned the server later in the trial. It sounds like he could plead the 5th and the affidavit wouldn't hurt him but I'm not sure. > “Defendant could have established such a personal privacy interest by submitting a sworn statement that could not be offered against him at trial as evidence of his guilt (though it could be used to impeach him should he take the witness stand),” It's very similar to the reason judges have had to reject legal challenges to the NSA spying apparatus, the defendants couldn't show that they had standing, i.e. they were affected by the law. In short his lawyers screwed up by failing to prove he had any standing to challenge the server as evidence in the first place. Providing this proof would give an unknown amount of damage to the prosecution but the contents of the server would not have been admissible at least. So in short his lawyers fucked up There's one bit that I'm not sure how to read because I'm not a lawyer: > “Defendant could have established such a personal privacy interest by submitting a sworn statement that could not be offered against him at trial as evidence of his guilt (though it could be used to impeach him should he take the witness stand),” It sounds like he could provide proof that he owned the server having the contents of the server thrown out. Then provided he didn't take the stand in his own defense the affidavit couldn't be used. Not entirely certain though. Yes, but at this point there's no proof that the server belongs to him so the judge can't throw it out because he has no standing to challenge it's admissibility in the trial. I don't think that this precludes it from being thrown out on appeal or later in the trial but the motion to dismiss before the judge couldn't go through. What the judge ruled right now is just about the pretrial motions to dismiss. I'm not well versed enough in the legal system to say if this is prejudicial against it later being found to have violated his 4th amendment rights, judges can strike evidence from the record at later points though. Leased provides the same protections as ownership afaik, just because you have leased a car doesn't mean the police can search it with impunity. > SparkFun are going to make it right and will be shipping a replacement Microview for every defective unit that was shipped. It sounds like Sparkfun is footing the bill for replacement anyways so it's much easier to just let them go through with that rather than setting up the equipment to quickly burn the bootloader into all the defective units. Setting up that equipment wouldn't be trivial either, if they're dealing with the full ~2k defective units they'd need something more durable than the breadboard setup the article showed. It's a lot of effort and another point of failure since they'd really need to test the units again after this process incase there were any issues with their repair process/equipment. Ground speed, which is what a GPS would indicate, doesn't have very much correlation with the aerodynamics of a plane. The true factor is airspeed which includes the winds around the plane. Taken to an extreme you could have a ground speed of zero and be flying perfectly normal if there's a head wind that cancels your forward velocity. (Won't happen with a commercial airliner but it illustrates the disconnect between the two factors) With this design you might but you can get good essentially flat layers using the same essential process. There are existing commercial machines that use metal welding to do mixed additive and subtractive manufacturing. It's really a question of getting the welder dialed in so it creates a smooth enough surface. The weld will also fill into the small inconsistencies in height better than filament. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9IdZ2pI5dA The failure mode of a launch loop is really bad though. The constant power requirement is a pretty big problem and the solutions to loss of power aren't that promising. Compared to the elevator where there's a larger safety margin. Trying to predict the strains makes perfect sense, the flu shot is only ever effective against the specific spread of strains that it's created against. I presume there's some fall off of effectiveness or large increase in cost associated with creating a flu shot that targets more strains. Kinect 2 has 4 downward facing microphones: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20683610/recording-with-s... The Echo probably has an advantage in placement as well as number, having them pointed up seems better than pointing down. If you're interested in homemade computers blondihacks has a whole series of articles on making one from design straight through to completion: http://quinndunki.com/blondihacks/?page_id=1761 It's a claim you see bandied around pretty often. Like most overarching generalizations about all of humanity most evidence for or against it is more accurate for a given culture than humanity. You do. Row 3 and 6 are both RBRBRB. edit: I see you noticed. The general reason comes down to inter-node bandwidth. Things like Google's search or SETI are able to use standard interconnect (or the open internet in SETI's case) because the problem, link counting and signal analysis, can be broken down into individual pieces that don't interact very much between sections of the computation. Things like physics simulations, weather etc., have a lot of interaction between any divisions you could try to draw to be able to split the information between nodes. To work with these problems you need a faster interconnect between processors than ethernet provides, infiniband seems a popular choice but I'm no expert on the details of their architecture. These problems also need to move in relative lockstep meaning loosely connected systems don't work as well or at least don't provide any real advantages. Node homogeneity makes these tightly coupled processing nodes easier to manage. Occasionally there will be upgrades to a super computer but generally they're run 24/7 until they're too far behind the technology, both in speed and lower power consumption, that it becomes cheaper to completely replace it than to try to do an upgrade that will replace more than half the cluster's total electronics to begin with. Most do turn into that, though for more or less legitimate reasons. After it was schedule 1'd most medical research stopped because it was extremely difficult to impossible to get approval and access to the government approved supply of marijuana (which hadn't gone through any of the selective breeding the illegally produced breeds had experienced). From that alone there's a good argument that schedule 1 was a mistake and an overreaction. How long does it take to build the DFA when a new route is added? That seems like the major time performance problem point if new routes are added often or regularly. Ironically for me right now the CSS completely fails to load due to massive numbers of 403 errors (probably something on my side due to corporate firewalls it works fine on my phone). I think there needs to be a Rule Zero: Fail gracefully. http://imgur.com/I5H1yvk Medium usually works pretty well even under HN loads, at least I haven't seen it behave quite like this before, maybe none of the one's I've seen have been quite this image heavy. shrug If they didn't think of this their idea is broken and the server will either go broke or they'll patch it when they notice. There are several possible patches for this, the first that comes to mind is that they've modded natural emeralds to spawn with a different damage value than emeralds that villagers trade. After that it's pretty easy for their ATM mod to reject if they see villager sourced emeralds. As items with different damage values don't stack they won't mix either. That's just the first patch that comes to mind for fixing this system. Another would be to just remove villagers/npc trading with a mod. How? Do they produce a much larger volume of leaf litter or catch fire easier? Neat puzzle. There are coding challenges if you manage to pass the crossword. Guessing it's some kind of broad net recruiting? Odd what's FF version? It worked fine for me on v32.0.2. edit: It might be this suggested by Kripke: "kripke 0 minutes ago | link FF33.1.1 (on Archlinux) is working fine here. In addition to NoScript, you probably need to disable any extension that forbids cross-domain cookies as the relevant cookies are registered for https://ig-game.appspot.com/ and not a raw IP." Haha right as Turing says "Are you paying attention too." Pretty clever. I don't think this is purely a movie advert though. The Imitation Game relation explains how they expected people to get the non number base/regex clue. There's only one constant answer and that's not that hard to get from the references just on the page itself. Shoo. Yep mine was summing the digits of a number until you reach a single digit number (eg 455 -> 5). When talking about AI or technology in general the singularity isn't a mathematical one. John von Neumann who used it in this context first said: > "ever accelerating progress of technology and changes in the mode of human life, which gives the appearance of approaching some essential singularity in the history of the race beyond which human affairs, as we know them, could not continue" It's a different use of the word singularity outside the mathematical sense. Also absolute zero isn't so absolute it seems: http://www.nature.com/news/quantum-gas-goes-below-absolute-z... Well to be fair, trying to differentiate between information which does become outdated and information which is static is non-trivial to do algorithmically. Choosing between promoting new and updated information and promoting static information I think the former is a better choice for most things. There are some benefits to through bolts over deck screws or lag bolts. It's easier to inspect a proper bolt to make sure it tightened and fix it if it is too loose. A screw could strip out with the vibration and stresses of the ride and it'd be really hard to check and fix. From inside the ship you wouldn't really know that you were being propelled using nuclear bombs. Between the pusher plate and the ship are extensive shocks that would be designed to smooth out the pulsing power of the bombs into a smooth acceleration. Anything else wouldn't work very well and induce loads of stresses up the ship. A lot of approximate conjecture equations are only really true for very large numbers. It's an XKCD styled graph by the looks of it. There are a couple generators out there that take data and make the hand drawn looking graphs. e.g http://xkcdgraphs.com/ Sure using a blocker there's some expectation of resources used but in the case of Adblock it's ridiculously high and has really bad response to the number of iframes on a page. There's quite a bit of algorithmic pricing going on @ Amazon by all parties. Sometimes it leads to hilarious results. http://www.michaeleisen.org/blog/?p=358 The artist probably built it in segments which they could test individually then assembled it together, probably testing sub assemblies too. It'd be crazy to try to build this all at once. And since most of this boils down to a series of pulse dividers it's relatively simple to test them in pieces. If the systems used wires installation would become a much longer and more expensive process for existing houses. The installers would have to run wires from all over the house to the central box which in many houses would require cutting into the walls. Probably. They also decay reports more quickly if they're marked as inaccurate as I recall. It sounds like it's talking about their MOOC offerings but it very ambiguous and could really be either. There's a little how to use Wallet introduction at the beginning when you first setup Wallet on the phone. And it says it needs to be awake. Auto replacing with the Google link that bypasses the paywall would be even better and just avoid the problem entirely. To choose one, low birth rates leads an aging population which is an issue because it generally means a contracting labor force and more burden on the younger group of the population to support things like Social Security as the ratio of 'young' productive workers to supported older non-workers increases. It also means a shrinking labor pool which drives wages up causing prices to generally rise as well. Also the route is just wrong at some points like the Delaware stop being 1+ hour south from where it's supposed to be due to Google Maps spitting out a weird result for New Castle Historic District. > Also for those of you asking: @fitzgibbonmedia is handling my account for the time being So it sounds like Manning doesn't have Twitter access but instead is probably giving whatever tweets she wants to send out to the Fitz Gibbon Media. Not much different from the old statements and letters from prison other than where it ends up. PS: For anyone else who was confused like me since it's been a while: Chelsea Manning == Bradley Manning. In the US there's commonly withholding on your paycheck for your state and federal income taxes and Medicare/Social Security. You can tell whatever company does your paychecks to withhold more or less depending on if you know you have a lot of deductions (married, supporting children, etc.). On my paycheck I have a break down for how much is being deducted this period then year to date. Those are expensive structures. Also there probably aren't spares lying around that can be tasked and moved into the range. Not unless they're intentionally guessing wrong sometimes to fuzz results. I'm 24 and it guessed 37. > You will see a list of available options from the product line your Dash Button is associated with. For example, if your Dash Button can be used for Tide detergent, you may see a list of various Tide detergent scents and sizes that you can choose from. Tap the item to select it.[0] That is disappointing, from the early materials it seemed like the face plate was just branding and you could select anything you wanted. They're probably partnering with the various brands that there are buttons for pay some of the cost of manufacturing the devices. There might be a non brand locked version coming in the future once they've moved past the initial release and rollout. At least I hope so. [0] http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=2... I don't see this becoming a single button for ever item in the house. I see the Dash button riding the middle ground between objects that you have highly predictable usage patterns or have a proscribed life span like toothbrushes where recurring orders make sense and less predictable items like paper towels where usage is harder to predict. I think the goal is also to make using the button easier than just opening the webpage and ordering it so that when you notice you're running low you can just press the button instead of doing what most people do and adding it to a grocery list. It's also far easier than figuring out how often to set up the recurring ordering. Their aim is at the utility closet and bathroom consumables like soaps/detergents, paper towels, and maybe cleaning products. Things that are stored an some particular place in the house where when you're getting low on X you push the button and get more 2-3 days later. Unless that's a refillable bottle that you don't throw away that would add a huge amount of waste and cost to every product. I think the next iteration is (or should be) a Dash button with an e-ink screen built in that can order any item and the screen changes to display the brand and name of the item it's setup to order. Trying to add a changing ad screen to this would kill the battery life because of the check-ins to fetch the next ad. I also don't see that generating many sales because the customer would still need to change their set order, I think few people would accept Amazon outright changing what the button ordered based on the current ad. You'd need to add power, a button, and some code to replicate the Dash. Dash is really a super simple device. I think the horizontal stabilization is working fine the lines in the snow snake back and forth a lot and maaaats is slaloming back and forth making it look jumpy where it isn't. This is probably a pretty hard video to do since so much of the field is just plain white snow. Having the back and front legs work as a pair makes the side to side balancing easier. I having them hit separately would require more control and degrees of freedom in the leg to keep the robot from oscillating side to side while running. They're not going for the short route, it's an endurance tour and also a small test run of their circumnavigation effort. The goal isn't just getting from A to B. Also staying near the equator gives them a better solar exposure as the sun will be directly overhead each day. It feels odd to call this a startup instead of a charity or non-profit. The normal goals of a startup vs a charity, which seems a better description for the things this company/group is doing , don't match well to me (edit in italics: forgot to finish writing this sentence) . Nothing particularly wrong with calling it a startup I guess, just strikes me as odd. This seems to be part of a larger turn towards more data and study driven aid than was the standard. Hopefully the larger nation state players can get around to using aid programs to reap longer term improvements vs the current short term and occasionally overall harmful effects some programs have been reported to create. I think that's part of it. Working on or being a startup brings a certain cachet to it and is more likely to get media attention vs just being a new small business or new charity. A normal new business calling itself a startup doesn't strike me as oddly as charity based groups. At least with a normal for-profit business the goals are roughly aligned and similar whether you're looking for the explosive growth or long term growth and stability, you're still in it to make money instead of charities which should be operating completely opposite. > A startup is a company designed to grow fast. My issue with charities being called startups is more in the for-profit vs charitable goals. Companies have goals that just don't jive with the goals of a good charity. If we take a definition based purely around 'designed to grow fast' yes it can fit. There's just more connotation to the word startup than the purely growth based definition Paul Graham puts forward. addendum edit: There's nothing inherently wrong with the 'designed to grow fast' definition, it just doesn't sit quite right (with me) applied to charitable orgs because of the additional meaning I talked about above. Vision algorithms are pretty shaky to begin with. We've made leaps and bounds of improvements but they're still pretty far behind what people are able to do. In inclement conditions I think humans still out perform machines pretty handily. Eventually it'll be an even field or there will be sensors added to cars that can just see through the snow/rain but that's not where we are. Apple runs a walled garden which is different from being an actual monopoly, legally. Unless and until Apple becomes an actual smart phone monopoly they're pretty safe from the current regulations. The safest way is to backup the data lake. To rely on external backups is really risky because you're counting on every source to have a proper working backup and a way for you to access it if you need to rebuild the lake. On top of that the time for every team to get their backup to you and to load it back into the lake is another factor. Really counting on other people/teams to have backups of your data is asking for pain. Lasers have a big power to mass+volume problem for mounting them to fighters. Check out the anti-mortar laser systems for an idea of the size of current laser systems required to shoot down mortars. That's probably a good lower bound on the power required for an active A2A missile defense system. Similarly with using kinetic defense systems mounting a system with a high enough rate of fire along with the tracking and pointing mechanisms just doesn't work on a small plane like a fighter, we have systems like that for ships but they're huge. Wonder how many people here immediately knew what the rule was? This is the standard example of to right way to test a hypothesis/theory and the power of Confirmation Bias, testing sequences that are invalid under the theory instead of testing what you think is correct. No most places have a single electric company that you can purchase from. They're highly regulated but you only have one source available. The New Yorker article has more information about the Act that was passed. >The act gave the towns until February of 2010 to identify and map any potential ancient roads within their borders; these would then be reviewed by the state and added to Vermont’s official highway map over the next five years. Any ancient road not added to the state map by July 1, 2015, would be considered discontinued. (Re?)Discovered roads aren't automatically recognized but are reviewed after they're rediscovered from that quote. Who know how particular the process is and how many are being added to the book, but it's not automatically so it's more reasonable. Hope fully the process weeds out really bad roads like the one cited as starting the whole affair. As for the people out there doing it. It seems like a pretty fun thing digging through old documents and discovering things about your community. > The series of “rigorous tests” that the company is putting its tires through are meant to prove their durability, hardness (efficiency), stability, ability to take high-speed turns (slalom), and ability to maintain their integrity at high speeds (up to 130 kilometers per hour). That's only 80 MPH. I'm interested in the no flats and potential fuel savings but I'd want to be able to travel at freeway speeds on long trips with them too without having to change out tires. During passing it's easy to push above 80 mph (the quoted rated speed for these tires) and for many freeways 80-85 is just the flow of traffic. Either way I'd rather not operate near the failure point of anything while driving long distances. It is affected by that case though because of the policy and guidelines it spawned. > “Because copyright law is limited to ‘original intellectual conceptions of the author,’ the Office will refuse to register a claim if it determines that a human being did not create the work,” said the US Copyright Office in its latest compendium of practices published Tuesday. “The Office will not register works produced by nature, animals, or plants.” and > In new guidance the USCO has ruled that only works created by a human can be copyrighted under US law, which excludes photographs and artwork created by animals or by machines without human intervention. Source [0] This feels like it falls into the 'by machines without human intervention.' There's no meaningful contributions from a human. All that said this will eventually be an issue (hopefully) when machine intelligence actually takes off or human uploads become a viable operation. Though maybe by then we'll be less obsessed with every idea having to have an owner, but that's neither here nor there. [0] http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/aug/22/monkey-bus... True and I'm a big proponent of attribution. I just think that in a lot of cases the person who's assigned ownership of things like a lyric, melody, etc. is really just the lucky one who got to have their name put on a long string of remixes. This is especially bad in music and specifically hip hop where building on earlier music is one of the core tenants. It's easier when the thing in question is still whole and unchanged but ownership of bits and pieces of a copyright work is troublesome to me. The biggest area it's still important for me in my daily use is live streaming video. Most players are still flash. There is a pretty decent chance there isn't any. Once the FBI got the Boing Boing response letter they probably checked with their tech people to see if it was true that there'd be no data and/or that it IS a TOR exit node and sent a simple 'nevermind you don't have to appear' letter. This matches with how the article is written, 'we sent this letter letter and that was it.' The letter BB sent in response is right there in the article. It's the bit that starts with "Special Agent XXXXXX." Ah, misunderstood your original comment. It's probably nothing very interesting. All that is required is something like this. BB probably got something similar. https://www.eff.org/document/letter-confirming-subpoena-with... Tom Scott did a good video on this exact thing. The video goes into more detail than the webpage if you don't want to read the 10 page paper. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmvHZ4omB2A Votes are supposed to be anonymous to prevent retaliation or coercion from strong-arming elections. Logging each vote in a robust way is difficult to impossible to do without breaking the anonymity. If you have a time or sequence number on the vote outside monitoring could match votes to people. Also ATMs are easier to secure physically because they don't have to be particularly portable. Most units are built into buildings and those that are not are placed once and not moved for years. Compare this to EVMs that have to be moved into place and removed again over a day or two because most voting places are used for that day only then revert to some other purpose. Every time a company has tried to do open wifi sharing there's been a lot of kickback. Mostly because it's opt out instead of opt in but that's put a big damper on anyone doing similar things. That's the problem they need to solve, opt-in and making it easy and visible enough to get enough people to enable it to make it actually useful. A VPN or similar system to make sure you're not getting accused of things their free wifi is being used for too is a good idea. Not sure if anyone has done that yet in the various implementations. The volume of air ionized by a lightening strike is small and dissipates quickly because it's so hot. That's not a problem we're likely to face though. Beyond encoding a physical dependance on some facet or condition of a job, there's very little we can conceivably do genetically to lock someone into just one job. Learnable skills rather than raw genetic aptitude are the requirements for most jobs anyways. There's also some psychological tricks you can play with the time estimates. When it takes less time than was estimated people don't mind the wait as much and can come out way happier. Disney is one of the kings of these kinds of tricks in their parks it's really interesting. You're partially right. The whole of the Earth isn't constantly monitored by the kind of satellites that could resolve this ship. However a lot of the high resolution satellites are in polar or nearly polar orbits so one satellite will see the whole Earth in a couple orbits. There's just not a need to collect and process all that information unless there's some reason to be looking at that chunk of land or sea. Generally they'd be focused on more pressing issues like monitoring other countries military bases instead of trying to find a mostly harmless ship in the North Atlantic. If there was some reason that this ship was an actual threat to countries like the US or Russia who have the large high resolution satellite networks in place it probably would have been found pretty quickly. There just wasn't a reason for the effort to be expended to look for it, the ship was old and being scrapped and wasn't full of anything particularly dangerous to worry any of the countries that could find it. Debris fields are a harder ask distinguishing the debris from MH370 from just the normal trash of the ocean. The ship has the benefit of being a large defined whole and we have a lot of info on other ships' and their location (though the tracking of ships is far from perfect it relies on them keeping their beacon on). It strikes me as a much harder problem to find MH370 because in order to resolve the debris they'd have to take very high res photos so it'd cover a very small area in one shot. So 2 & 3? They probably used some satellite imagery to look for large chunks but the effort to do the small survey was beyond what they were willing to expend without a better idea of where to search. https://youtu.be/5qEPDXDVxvw?t=169 They're added directly to the 'pendulum shelf' which looks like it's right at the top of the pendulum. That would adjust the length up (shorter) by a tiny amount by shifting the center of mass of the pendulum up. This squares with the simple model of a pendulum. The Humvee isn't exactly a thin vehicle either. They're the same width judging by the pictures below, which makes sense because they were designed to fit on the same aircraft. http://img.scoop.co.nz/stories/images/1108/41601cd795da32c9c... https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7e/JL... There's a lot that goes into space worthiness rating even beyond the technical spec requirements. There's probably a bid request available for when they were first considered too. No idea where to start hunting that down though. There was a really good article[0] (plus a video talk I can't find) on a team that modified an Android phone to go to space to interface with the SPHERES mini satellite experiments. A short list of the things they had to do includes: - No Lithium Ion battery, it takes 2+ years to get a LIon battery certified for the ISS - Had to put a screen protector on, broken glass screen becomes an inhalation hazard in zero G, BUT many materials are considered flammable in the high oxygen environment on station. - Had to lobotomize the Wifi and cellular chips to ensure they'd never turn on. Just removing the software that would control and allow them to turn on wasn't enough. In addition to everything in the article they have to worry about off gassing from all the various materials that make up anything sent to space. [0] http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2013/03/how-nasa-got-an-andro... It's pretty simple, they're not the same people. The news/PR arm is the one making all those "worst scum of PR" decisions and the research is separate. Science press has always been hyperbolic compared to the papers actually put out. Yeah, as bad as that image is it's pretty much the best ways to get it done. The only better way I could think of, other than somehow stopping male eggs from being viable somehow, would be to use nitrogen suffocation. Most animals and humans don't register a lack of oxygen but an excess of CO2 and actually get a bit euphoric (at least humans do and pigs that were tested would willingly go back into the environment for apples). That would have it's own issues with it being a more batch-y process than the grinder, and how to you keep them from just waiting in packed conditions before being euthanized. There's a BBC documentary on capital punishment and alternatives that explores this iirc. Yep there's still a good bit of atmospheric drag even at the ISS's altitude. Once you get beyond the atmosphere you get solar wind creating drag too. The ISS is periodically reboosted into a higher orbit by engines on one of the Russian modules. Yeah that's another big factor in how fast they decay. The fact that they deorbit easily is good though, if they stayed up for a long time it'd be harder for NASA to approve so many so easily because they'd become a threat to LEO operations. A lot of them are launched from the ISS. The ESA and JAXA both seem to run approvals too. I'm not sure about their current plans/proposal request statuses the only ones a surface googling finds are several years old so they might be in between proposal cycles. Even if they were always on running *@home increases their power load a lot during non school hours when they'd normally be at dead idle. The way @home software usually works is once the CPU has been at low utilization for a certain period it cranks up it's computation. If he was top of SETI@home then the computers were definitely up 24/7. You're probably running a much more powerful processor than the school's computers were. The report is from 2009 at the earliest based on the cited forum post. There were some very low TDP processors during the 2000-2009 time frame that were very common in education systems. Core 2 Duo was https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_CPU_power_dissipation_... Ah my mistake. If white promotes to Queen there are no legal moves for any of blacks' pieces because all the pawns are blocked and the King cannot move into check. It's a stalemate at that point and a draw. What moves do you see leading to that? The king is at C7 and the Queen is at A8 in the video. They king can't do anything. The whole reason to under promote is for white to avoid stalemate when he/she has a winning checkmate. The only other moves are after white pawn b7 would be to just run the king out of the fork (legal) but then black's whole position collapses and white just cleans up the same as if black plays king B8. Once the king is tucked in and the D file pawns are blocked he can ONLY move to C7. If he moves out of the fork earlier to C7 or D8 he still loses the rook and the two pawns are still trapped. Against white's D pawn. edit: We're also talking about this puzzle instead of the original. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSKtG-8TwI0 Which is different and doesn't use old rule loop holes. Didn't think about that being the reason so many people are talking about capturing the queen. They moved to Beirut in Lebanon, they're fairly safe. Other than ISIS (which is on the opposite side and expanding east) the spill over from Syria is mostly economic and refugees instead of fighting. I think they're referring to the scalability problem where the number of transactions and size of the blockchain grow to a point where running a full node is prohibitively expensive and leads to a smaller number of miners verifying transactions. http://radar.oreilly.com/2015/01/blockchain-scalability.html In the case of modern countries: The contract is the law + the Constitution (or your local equivalent if not in the US) and your signature is living in and benefiting from the nation/society you live in. It's also to make the tasks easier. The dV required for launching off the shrunk planet in KSP is less than if it was just scaled up to match Earth like in the Real Solar System mod(s). The biggest problem with infinite worlds like that is that it's difficult to make locations feel alive and to knit stories into the world, which limits the stories that can be told. It's great for exploration games where just going through and seeing each location is the game but trying to give areas anything other than cookie cutter stories/interactions is something I haven't seen from a procedural game yet. I've gotten a few deliveries in the evening, mostly next day deliveries though where they probably didn't get the package at the local UPS hub until the afternoon. To deliver in the evenings on a large scale they'd have to compress the work they do in the 8-9 hours of the normal working day (more in some cases where they do actually deliver in the evenings giving them almost 12 hours of delivery time) into the ~3 hours between 6-9 (starting at 6 because who actually gets home at 5 with commute times). All that goes to say if you want evening deliveries you're going to have to a lot pay more for deliveries just because it will require a lot more drivers (who will want better pay for working evening when they'd otherwise be home). In the US the EPA confirms the MPG ratings for 10%-15% of vehicles and has prescribed (edit: prescribed vs proscribed) testing regimes for each of the estimates. The issue isn't with manufacturers lying so much as the test schedule laid out by the EPA just doesn't reflect how people drive. Whoops. Serves me right for writing comments 3 words at a time between Sametime pings... http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/09/nerves-rattled-by-hi... It's already done. About 5 hours after the post was first opened on the forum. There's also an article on ZDNet. http://www.zdnet.com/article/microsoft-accidentally-issued-a... It helps that we were so far from either side of the war. We could build huge facilities like that above ground and just camouflage the building where Germany would have had to build much more fortified or even underground facilities. That's doubtful, 'effective power' (incidentally that bit of the text was completely arbitrary) was (seemingly) a hard crash caused by an error in the text shortening for the banner notification pop down. Tom Scott has a good speculation video on what might be going on that seems pretty sound. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJLMSllzoLA They are entrenched but there's also a lot of reasons that they've stuck around too beyond the inertia of the education system. Any alternative is fighting against a lot of we established training and knowledge. Teachers have been using them for years and the functions are well known and pretty easy to figure out. TI graphing calculators just work in a way that will be really hard to match with more complex or newer devices like an Android Tablet running an app. The software has been ironed out over years of use and I can't remember ever causing a crash on my 83s or my 89. Plus there's no admin or reimaging required because anyone can go and reset the device to factory in a couple seconds before a test. Don't discount their low power draw and instantly replaceable batteries either. TIs get weeks of use out of a pair of batteries and you know that they're getting low long before they run out so there's plenty of time to get replacement batteries. Compare that to any cheap Android tablet where 5 hours of active use kills it dead and it takes too much time to charge it back up before a test or class is over so you have to either a) replace it with a charged spare or b) get power to the kid's desk. That's a pretty big knock against having a pool of devices as an important component of testing or in class work. A lot of the options kicked around are tablets running some app. Most suffer from some combination of these problems: 1) Unproven and unfamiliar software: the TI calculator OS just works, no crashes or bugs to really speak of especially in the simpler 83/84 models. (Though there are some in the 89 where you start to get into symbolic solvers and dealing with infinities.) Teachers and resource makers have also had a lot of time to create and learn materials for the older calculators. 2) Power: Calculators really sip power compared to any modern touch screen devices and with AAA batteries as the power your just a few seconds to go from a dead calculator (assuming you didn't bother to replace the batteries in the multiple days that the warning kept popping up) to a working device again. They also last much longer than any tablet out there and the batteries don't degrade in performance over time. 3) Physical interfaces vs touchscreen: There's a lot to be said for physical interfaces in speed and accuracy and the feedback they give. I've found them faster & more accurate in a lot of cases. 4) Admin overhead: This falls a bit under the unproven part of (1) but is a bit broader. Locking the tablets down and making sure that they're running just the base software and cannot communicate during tests is massively harder with a tablet alternative. Graphic calculators can be reset to factory default in well under a minute and it's difficult to put much in there beyond simple plug and solve programs to begin with. Plus free isolation because (generally, newer models like the NSpire are an exception) they can't communicate wirelessly to begin with. None of these are necessarily show stoppers in and of themselves but they're a pretty high ramp for any competitor to top. The problem is the combination of note length and the actual note. Add in multiple notes played at once and you hit the 3 key limit of most consumer keyboards before most groups would be finished. Beyond that there's also just the difficulty of mapping between the keyboard and keys, how do you easily deal with the gaps in the black keys, there's enough keys to map one to one with most of a piano but keeping that in memory while notating music is a big ask. Sure, but that's not what the parent I was responding to was suggesting. gbc0 was specifically talking about using a 104 key keyboard to write out music, so I addressed that option and it's pitfalls. Other people have addressed issues with the midi keyboard option though. I can't really address that very well because it's beyond my experience, but I'll summarize what I've seen. The main gripes seem to be it's still a little slow to enter notes because you have to specify the note length each time you want to change it and that it takes up a lot of space compared to something like this where you can just write it out when it may or may not be your instrument. Stocks are a pretty liquid asset in those cases. And for things where the need for money is sooner than a sale would go through it could be put on a Amex/credit card and paid at the end of the month. Totally guessing but they've also probably got a fair amount of money in a checking account as their 'cash on hand'. Some schools require an ethic course and some do not for Computer Science degrees. I did at NCSU for my CS degree, but it's no where near universal. Even in that unlikely scenario they'd still have access to most of their money, it'd feel pretty bad to have to sell into a 10% loss but it's not the end of the world if it's a true emergency scenario. That's also a manageable risk that you can avoid with well diversified investments. > I talked to a lawyer, who didn't think we'd be likely to succeed if we tried to get the insurance company to pay anyway. They did think whoever owned the house at the time of the spill would be liable, but it would be hard to prove that the spill happened at a certain time and they may not have the money. Right from the article. Sounds like there have been multiple owners, no way to assign blame. Last owner probably can't be fined for something they had no knowledge of. Doesn't seem to from my short reading, I'd not heard of it until now. Title insurance seems to be more for issues with the records about financial liens against properties that aren't properly recorded. It doesn't seem to cover this scenario and who knows if the author had it. 1.) Judging from their cost graph [0] it seems to be about 3-4 (definitely less than 5). I'm guessing that the points where the costs increase is due to batteries wearing out and having to be replaced. 2.) Probably? The cost bumps in 1 don't make much sense otherwise. 3.) Hard to tell, in a home system there isn't such a huge cost savings to be had with a battery. As for usefulness it's a really short term battery but it'd be good enough to let the system power-down/suspend gracefully instead of losing power immediately. That niche is pretty well served by UPSs for people who care though and everyone else doesn't care already. It might find a small niche for consumers but it won't be ubiquitous. [0] http://www.theplatform.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/open-c... Bellingcat's reporting takes for granted that a BUK was used based on a good amount of evidence there there were BUKs in the area and there was a missile fired from the ground. They didn't and couldn't prove that it was what hit and downed MH17, they didn't have access to the physical evidence and flight recorder. They seem to have done a lot of good work trying to track the launcher down and analysing the evidence that was available to them, though I haven't been following their reporting. Without the physical evidence being analyzed the link between the BUK and the plane was strong but not confirmed. There are probably plenty of other countries where budget hotels are similarly bad and could benefit from the same treatment that Oyo gave to Indian hotels. Breaking into countries where there are existing widespread budget options like the US, UK, etc. will probably be much harder since there's not that immediate niche to fill. There are unbranded hotels/motels here in the US that could benefit from joining a brand but there's not that vacuum of decent low price chains to fill. Mass is constant across all gravitational fields (and anywhere there isn't) for any given object. People interchangeably use lbs kg but the actual equivalence is lbs newton (N). The difference doesn't matter in the average person's life since we're all down here where gravity is homogeneous enough for most applications and people. At this point fail2ban wasn't really needed anymore since the author installed it to stop the people using the server as an open proxy. After they solved the proxy issue fail2ban was just causing problems and wasn't needed. A quick scan of the paper (it's 105 pages) it looks like it was just simulations. Ionizing radiation is a broad category that includes portions of the EM spectrum. EM radiation is ionizing if it has enough energy to remove at least one electron from an atom, this includes the upper bits of UV and above. There are things other than EM that are things that are ionizing radiation too like subatomic particles. Geiger counters can also detect XRays more or less effectively depending on their design. > Ionizing radiation is any type of particle or electromagnetic wave that carries enough energy to ionize or remove electrons from an atom. There are two types of electromagnetic waves that can ionize atoms: X-rays and gamma-rays, and sometimes they have the same energy. http://physicscentral.com/explore/action/radiationandhumans.... For me it'd be to move through water mostly submerged under muscle power without significantly altering the length/leverage of any limb (trying to avoid tiny boats with oars or something here). Things like diving/'mermaid' fins I'd be willing to allow since they're not significantly amplifying the swimmers power just making it easier to apply it. It's a fuzzy line for sure if we're trying to define where it starts being more of a boat than a person moving through the water. They definitely do make moving through water much easier. What I was trying to get at was that things like fins mostly just allow swimmers to get their natural muscle power into the water better without really providing mechanical advantage where things like oars provide a clear advantage and increase because they're basically levers. What I was putting forward was the bare minimum rules for what I'd still call swimming while allowing the most technology to keep it from just being who can make the best human sized torpedo and to see just how far we could push human performance. Regular competition needs rules for sure, seeing the extremes is really interesting to me too though. I think part of it is that with IM clients you're mostly talking to a closer group of friends first then random strangers next so whatever your group chose you would use but there was no strong incentive to join with what everyone was using because you'd just be chatting with unidentified strangers if you moved out of your friend group into chat rooms. Also the barrier of entry is really low and there's minimal effort in using two or more IM clients running, you could have both running and easily jump into whichever had the group you wanted to chat with. And unlike social media, like Myspace vs Facebook (when they were still competing), participating in both wouldn't mean uploading everything twice. My solution is always to Google the full article title then click through from there. Quick and easy way around most (I've yet to encounter a site that tries to block this) news sites paywall. The article doesn't seem to address the actual cause that the articles linked at the top highlighted, background updating. The Verge article especially was all about background processing issues which the tests and power saving advice don't seem to address at all. I'd also include that they received the coded message twice showing that it's unlikely it was misheard or misread on either end. That was my initial reaction/theory, that the code was close to the confirmed order but one side messed up some how. With a second confirmation it seems like the 'NOP' (dummy) code either accidentally matched the LAUNCH code or the correct code was given to (or procured by) the major who transmitted the mid-shift messages. It's an interesting question of how do you ensure you never accidentally transmit the correct code without the sender knowing the correct code and being able to command a launch single-handedly. Even if the code is really long, generating random NOP codes doesn't give the level of safety I'd like when accidental collisions can end the world. "Command and Control" by Eric Schlosser also covers a lot of the close calls and mishaps during the Cold War inside the missile and bomber program. There was a big confluence of technical and policy issues that lead to the inflexible SIOP. First being able to keep target lists up to date and distributing targets to the silos was a big hurdle. Policy wise there was a huge rush to get the SIOP in place so that the looming threat of a Soviet first strike could actually be countered, because without some plan in place the US would be in a huge disarray after the theoretical attack. My understanding is that the correct launch authorization code would be locked in a safe until the command post had received a message authorizing them to launch. It's safes and authorization confirmations all the way down as I understand it. In the context of preparing for nuclear war you kind of had to be on some level cold and calculating about millions of deaths. Deterrence only really works if both sides know the other will retaliate, or at least remains unconvinced that the other wouldn't. The military had to plan for the worst and with nuclear war the /best/ outcome is millions dead and some swaths of land are unusable long times. I was saying that the launch codes would only be available if the CP had received their own launch codes and there wouldn't be a list with the launch codes and lunch codes to make that error. Old cases are valid so long as the laws haven't changed, there hasn't been a new ruling that overrides that, and the situation is similar. Judges aren't completely bound by precedent either if the situation means it shouldn't apply they're able to rule differently and explain why in their judgements. The concept of precedent is really important in law because of all the vagaries and rules surrounding laws and how their applied, it also supports the even application of the law so that laws and their effects are more predictable. It also makes cases easier for to argue by mapping out the corner cases of the law and legal concepts and keeps every lawyer from having to be an absolute expert in every facet of every case they're litigating. The same applies to judges. Precedents do have a limited lifetime but it's not measured in years, if someone is being tried under the same law as existed 100 years ago old rulings can be just as relevant as one made last year. I've gotten those before and iirc there's a press # to not call again and it's worked so far. Same with the solar tax credit calls but those came back every few months from a new number until recently. This has probably been in the works for more than a year so they might not have had LTE coverage on the table. Also wifi is arguably more useful than LTE signals to people on the ground since more devices will be able to receive and use it beyond just cell phones and a small number of LTE equipped laptops. It could have also been a requirement to get the telecoms to work with the project and get it approved. They're supposed to last ~100 days and are pretty large. The time was one of the big points they had to address to get the economics right. The balloons had to last much longer than a normal balloon would. https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-1EOC6WWfgA8/UbvU_yFNsKI/A... I think the Chromecast uses whatever account the person casting is logged in with, things casted to other people's chromecasts show up in your history, so I'd expect to see ads if the person casting doesn't have Youtube Red. Also I don't see or recall associating the Chromecast with any Google accounts during setup so I'm not sure they have that information to make the link to allowing all videos played through a particular Chromecast to use the Red of the owner. Mostly guessing though until someone tries it. Maybe. It's also a pretty fair acknowledgement that Youtube Red is bundling Google Play Music in for the exact same price so "Why should people with Google Play Music have to cancel their subscription to GPM and sign up again for Youtube Red?". Instead just give it to them as part of their current subscription. I'm happy for whatever health problems it incurred since it seems to have allowed and fostered modern civilization. I think a very important line from that article is this: > The evidence suggests that the Indians at Dickson Mounds, like many other primitive peoples, took up farming not by choice but from necessity in order to feed their constantly growing numbers. "I don't think most hunger-gatherers farmed until they had to, and when they switched to farming they traded quality for quantity," Hunter-Gatherer works fine until you reach a certain population and it seems that that population/lifestyle is below the point where you start to really see civilization lifting up and starting to advance quickly. Then every court case becomes a philosophical argument about the meaning, bound, and effects of those 'few basic principals.' Without a steady legal framework with predictable outcomes large society binds up pretty quick. I'd go with tiling pentagons myself [0] Type 15 is a personal favorite. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pentagonal_tiling I've always just used the vague similarity of pronouncing lati to ladder to remind myself that latitude runs horizontally. Not necessarily worse than any other phone. They discount the phone and make the money back in the minutes. On contract phones do similar things. It'd slow down eventually, LEO still has a really thin atmosphere that would still affect a bullet, it'd be way longer than 2 miles though. Effective range makes more sense for a spacegun and would be more of your ability to accurately point and fire than the distance the round could travel. If you can only accurately hit objects within 2 miles the fact that the rounds would orbit for a while doesn't really matter. You'd expect the exact methods they used to detect and catch the planners to be kept secret or only vaguely talked about. They could crow heavily about any substantial plots stopped though and trot out evidence found after the cell/whatever was rounded up without really exposing how they found the cell. Even people can't always produce human friendly proofs. There's Shinichi Mochizuki who might have proven the ABC conjecture but no one can confirm it because he created a whole method and set of techniques/theories that no one else really gets. This is a person creating a branch so dense that it's taken 3 years and we still haven't determined if it's wrong. There's also the controversial Computer Assisted Proof. Which I think is a lesser version of completely computer generated proofs where there's the question of procedural errors and the difficulty of checking for them. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer-assisted_proof Germany has a slightly smaller standing army than France by ~20k and spends about the same in terms of budget (though it's 1% of Germany's GDP vs 2% of France's). Germany is much less active with their military over all it seems, but they're not toothless by any stretch of the imagination. Browsing [0] it looks like France has a stronger military overall especially in the Navy, raw numbers like this don't tell the whole story, in raw numbers and materiel France has an upper hand. [0] http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-comparison-detail.a... > 'Outer space, including the moon and other celestial bodies, is not subject to national appropriation by claim of sovereignty, by means of use or occupation, or by any other means'. Article 2 of the Outer Space Treaty [0] The whole treaty is pretty vague and mostly deals with access to objects and national claims of ownership preventing access to objects. Article 9 might apply here but it's pretty loosely worded too and basically says exploration will be conducted "with due regard to the corresponding interests of all other State Parties to the Treaty" and avoid harmful contamination. Not sure if this qualifies as allowing national appropriation, all I've seen is that this applies to the bits they pull out not giving ownership to the body itself. There will probably be challenges once someone actually tries to go out and actually mine one. Article 9 might make better fodder for that though. [0] http://www.unoosa.org/pdf/gares/ARES_21_2222E.pdf Part of that is that there are funds that are siloed to be spent only on getting tech into the hands of kids so money spent there by the school system couldn't necessarily be spent elsewhere by the school. B52s can be completely disassembled in a shirt sleeves environment and we've barely explored on orbit construction. The ISS can't be stripped down so far which is actually causing an issue with bacterial growth in places that can be reached on orbit to be cleaned. At a certain point things that are hard/impossible to reach will reach the end of their lifespan and the inhabitants are in too much danger. https://www.rt.com/news/iss-bacteria-mir-mutation-765/ Yeah the ISS is where we're learning how to actually run a long term space habitat. Each station has taught us more about tons of things that happen here on Earth by removing the effects of gravity so that other forces with much smaller effects can be examined and harnessed. There are other ways we might have gotten this data but there's a lot to be said for having a person there to repair anything that's gone wrong or to change experimental apparatus instead of having to launch it all again. It's generally in the engineering school at universities. A CS degree might make the qualifications it's just that there's no reason to send a programmer to space right now. Maybe there would be a need on a Mars mission where you can't just ssh in from the ground but they'll probably want someone with another applicable degree. Isn't he the first to do it as an ESA astronaut instead of through NASA with dual citizenship (but as a US trained astronaut) or through a Russian space tourism junket? It's a pretty big deal to get to send your own astronaut up vs just having a citizen up there but working for a different agency IMO. If Dorco is manufacturing out side of the US or anywhere that P&G's patent is valid and not selling them into a valid country P&G can't really sue Dorco. At that point Dorco isn't violating anything it's the company that imports them that is the first point something is really being violated. edit: typo and pronoun vagueness. USPTO: > Patent infringement is the act of making, using, selling, or offering to sell a patented invention, or importing into the United States a product covered by a claim of a patent without the permission of the patent owner. Further, you may be considered to infringe a patent if you import items into the United States that are made by a patented method, unless the item is materially changed by subsequent processes or becomes a trivial and nonessential component of another product. A person “infringes” a patent by practicing each element of a patent claim with respect to one of these acts. Further, actively encouraging others to infringe patents, or supplying or importing components of a patented invention, and related acts can also give rise to liability in certain cases. If the P&G patent isn't valid where the blades are manufactured the manufacturer isn't in violation. It falls down to whoever is importing them. If they could sue the manufacturer then getting patents in one place would make them defacto valid everywhere and punish companies for the actions of their customers who they have no control over. Maybe they're not selling razors there that violate P&G's patent inside the US only to markets outside the reach of the US patent? I don't know which product lines are actually in violation of the patent. It's purpose is much the same as Maple or R a language designed with mathematics and stats. The standard library is just one of the peculiarities of how Wolfram decided to design his language. Instead of using libraries like R it's all built in. Beneath that it's not so terribly odd being a mostly functional language with a standard library that covers maths requirements. This doesn't seem to cover the rule I've always played with where the first person to pick gets to swap at the end of the game with anyone. Is that not a common rule? Under that 1 is the best (can always get whatever gift they want) but they usually get stuck with a mediocre present until the very end. Ah serves me right for skipping them. Wonder how those variations are spread out. Do they cluster geographically or is it more localized to families? IIRC the 104% was additional performance they enabled through upgrades and design improvements beyond the original design not over-driving them. Even a bike like that works only on a limited amount of terrain. Add the 100 ish pounds of weight they need to be able to carry in addition to a person and they get bogged down even worse. The ways you can pack them is also really limited because soldiers would need to be able to take everything off and carry it still in the even that it does get bogged down. A lot of the ability of the Boston Robotics robots is in their software thought which is much easier to lockdown via encryption. The rest is the hydraulic mechanism which is not easy but is the best known part of what the BR robots do. Store the decryption key in a removable module or the wireless controller? Then anyone who captures one is stuck with a ball of encrypted code that can't execute. Dealing with securing software and keys against capture is not new for the military. Also destroying the hdd/ssd is easier than destroying the whole machine. You could even have a secure wipe option if the machine is still able to run it's computer but is disabled mechanically. > The wheels are mounted with a double wishbone suspension based on model- car oil dampers, but they are not propelled in any way. From the paper on the Disney Research site. [0] [0] https://www.disneyresearch.com/publication/vertigo/ According to the paper the wheels are unpowered so wouldn't there only be the rolling friction of the wheel's bearings between the car and the wall? It'd be some but very little. > The wheels are mounted with a double wishbone suspension based on model-car oil dampers, but they are not propelled in any way. > The heavy copper and the light aluminum pans produced evenly toasted heat maps. The stainless-clad aluminum did pretty well, too. But the cast-iron pan scorched a small area, and the pattern was familiar. Two paragraphs later in the article the author talks about the heat gradients of the different pans. Looking at Google Maps the change won't be terribly drastic in reality [0] unless the station just over 3 km further down the line closes too. For a person walking it's a decent distance but for the rest of the passengers there would be very little change. Of course the same could be said for pretty much any station that closed between there before now. [0] https://goo.gl/maps/cqZBrzvjJJk They're not closing the line. There's lots of other stops on that same rail line, trains just won't stop at that station any more. Also there's a station about 3 km down the tracks. Also who's to stay she's staying in the area after graduation. https://goo.gl/maps/cqZBrzvjJJk It's not the only stop, or even the last stop of the train, at least as it looks on google maps. It's just a poorly worded statement I think. https://goo.gl/maps/cqZBrzvjJJk In a similar vein I hate that existing user log in are so often buried as a tiny text link under a Sign Up section or a tiny link on the edges of a page. That doesn't really work for passengers who have trouble walking or standing like the old or disabled. Or as the article states and links to if you're cycling and pulled for a traffic violation, which using a cellphone while driving is in California iirc, you have to provide identification. Not justifying the force used afterwards but requesting ID was perfectly valid here. http://www.bicyclelaw.com/road-rights/a.cfm/road-rights-iden... Interesting, if the player never starts you never connect to additional peers. I'm running this in firefox 43 with flash disabled and the video never starts.