I am really excited about the future possibilities of this platform. I've been playing with the alpha server this weekend, and Kenton is basically working on the future I've been picturing, the next iteration of web services. The way it was already designed, it was incredibly easy to port to Sandstorm. Like, I think I changed three or four lines of code tops to get it working? You can't really integrate this into ownCloud well, since it's an entirely PHP based piece of software. And a lot of places ownCloud currently works (shared/reseller hosting) won't work with EtherCalc. Check out sandstorm.io though. (There's another comment about it above.) I got EtherCalc working on it pretty easily, and I think it really IS a killer Google Docs replacement. :D Honestly, it kinda scares me how many companies are willing to transmit and store proprietary corporate data over random cloud services these days. Changed it how? Google has since tossed XMPP integration for their whole closed platform Hangouts thing, MSN's old halfway-API-able thing has been integrated into Skype, which is entirely closed, I believe. AIM and YIM are all but dead, at this point. Personally, I think copyleft licenses are somewhat abusive by nature. It's not really making a contribution to society if you leave a bunch of strings attached to tell people how they can use it. Plus, for a new platform like Sandstorm to be able to meet as many use cases as possible, it does need to be something that corporations can actually build business models and proprietary systems on top of as well. I've thought about this sort of thing for a long time, it's always been possible, but I think the corporate cloud companies have distinctly tried to prevent anyone from realizing it. The cloud era has led users to sacrifice so many freedoms they never even realized they lost, making compromises they never should've been forced to. Well, it's kinda an Alpha. Goes without saying, doesn't it? One of the Sandstorm devs is already working on porting Diaspora. pump.io has been mentioned as a possible thing to port. The primary idea being that open source web apps can be used without having to be a server admin. Non-technical users can install apps on a Sandstorm server as easily as installing apps on their phone. Sarien: It's not allowed to talk to the outside world except through Sandstorm via specific APIs. Ghost is a blogging platform! https://ghost.org/ I've ported apps to Sandstorm with literally no prior experience with the languages those apps were written in. Porting to Sandstorm involves more deleting stuff you don't need than actually writing code yourself. :D I've been using TinyTinyRSS on Sandstorm for a while. It even has a mobile app that works with Sandstorm's API. (Though it's a fork, not the official Play Store version.) That sort of thing is definitely well in the scope of apps that'd be good to port to Sandstorm. There's a lot of basic apps the platform still needs. Bepasty in particular sounds like a really neat potential app that can just provide "file containers". I've been moving my Drive sheets over to EtherCalc on Sandstorm and all of my new documents I write on Etherpad for Sandstorm. Draw.io also just released for Sandstorm, which is one of Google Drive's original third party apps. The issue there is that ownCloud and Sandstorm share a lot of goals and functionality. Both are meant to be app platforms in a respect. And both are meant to organize your personal data. Since Sandstorm wants every file to be a granular document, putting the entirely of ownCloud in a file would be kinda odd. It'll likely happen sooner or later though. Yup. Holding a ten-year grudge against Microsoft is going to bite people in the end. I read an old blog post recently, that Google published in 2009. It felt like a eulogy of the company I once adored: http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2009/12/meaning-of-open.html A lot of this is bad technology choice. The new hipster smart bulbs are a doomed technology, they were a bad idea from the start. Try INSTEON, buddy. The obsession over Bluetooth-this and WiFi-that continually drives me crazy. Home automation companies aren't investing in the sort of technologies we NEED because they're more focused on the sort of technologies they can SELL. It's about time. The government used to accept overwriting a hard drive several times with random bits as an acceptable wipe. Then they changed to insisting destroying a hard drive was the only solution. Now we know why. ;) "All the processing happens within the SlideMail app itself." Kudos to this. Bunch of scammers like Google try convincing you they HAVE to have your data for these things to be possible. The way it was closed was suspicious enough for me to wonder if they were driven to close by the government because it was one of the methods they couldn't crack efficiently. The MARA agreement Google mandates is very anti-competitive. It protects some services by mandating their inclusion in order to get others. Google now mandates almost 20 apps be packaged on devices, when the manufacturer really only wants the Play Store. Both of these things being intentional choices to develop crippled hardware that's reliant on proprietary services. A huge disservice to consumers. I think the walled garden approach that Apple, Google, and Microsoft all ascribe to is definitely anti-competitive at it's core, and I truly hope more governments will start addressing it as such. Heh, gotta love the folks downvoting anyone who criticizes Google. ;) Real classy, folks. There's a big difference between just storing and routing it, and processing every line and generating personal profiles off of it. o_o And for the appropriate meta: Folks who downvote anyone who points out they're downvoting people for criticizing Google. ;) It's not just pressure. They outright cut you off. You cannot ship Google Androids and non-Google Androids. It's part of the MARA. So do you know more about the sudden "TrueCrypt is not secure" thing ( http://www.theregister.co.uk/2014/05/28/truecrypt_hack/ ) and can say definitively why the creators did that? Behavior which Google also practices? Heck, the original Nexus 7 even includes a "join Google+" step in it's initial device setup. o_o Well, in addition to the actual basis of the case indeed being "tying" with regards to Internet Explorer, whether you like it or not, being tame compared to Google's voracity for the same behavior, forcing 20 apps to be tied on Android devices. They do indeed form restrictive licensing agreements with OEMs. Through the MARA, anyone who dares create an Android device that doesn't have Google's blessing is permanently cut off from Google services. Google's APIs no doubt favor their own services over competitors, where many features of synergistic behavior between services exist which are not represented in their public API. And Google has absolute intent on continuing these practices. New marketing campaigns and shilled blog articles regularly advertise about the brilliance of their current direction, and they continue to add more and more restrictions on OEMs with every passing year. (Using "Underlying these disputes were questions over whether Microsoft altered or manipulated its application programming interfaces (APIs) to favor Internet Explorer over third party web browsers, Microsoft's conduct in forming restrictive licensing agreements with original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), and Microsoft's intent in its course of conduct." from the Wikipedia article as a source for the other parts of the Microsoft case. Note the article clearly defines the IE tying issue as the principal claim.) I read your other comments on the project. And most of what you are conveying seems to be about the audit project specifically, which you're involved in. My particular curiosity is about that announcement, and whether or not it was a government attempt to discredit a likely very effective product. Google Play/Apps. They're pushing more and more apps to be dependent on "Play Services", which is a monolithic Google cloud data platform. It ensures a large percentage of appealing apps are dependent on Google's platform, rather than the open source Android OS. Furthermore, the use of the MARA contract forbids OEMs from introducing any viable competitors into the market. http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB100008723963904447090045776523... and various other articles on the same incident. OHA members are required to agree not to ship devices running Android forks. I'd be happy to pay for good private email service. But of course, Google doesn't offer it. Because offering that sort of option would be a much more obvious admission of how much they rifle through your data as an income source. My issue is not that they offer a business relationship where they use your data for money, my issue is how shady they are about it. Yes, one spelling issue. Sorry, the MADA isn't discussed frequently (because Google's pretty good at keeping it out of the public eye), so I spelled it wrong. The issue is that the Play Store is tied to 20 other apps. In a fashion that violates both laws here in the United States and in other countries abroad. MADA restrictions mandate Google Search be the default search provider, and that the long press on the center button goes to Google Search. And that over 20 apps must be preinstalled with a Google folder on the home screen with many of them in it. Ensuring every device must be sold with very prominent advertising of Google services. This creates a very chilling effect on the ability for competitors to land on the platform, as at best, they'll be an unwanted second service on the device. And similarly, Google is extending it's monopoly over the Play Store app market to try to grow monopolies over other major online industries like movies and music by requiring those apps be shipped aboard. Certain tying arrangements are illegal in the United States under both the Sherman Antitrust Act,[2] and Section 3 of the Clayton Act.[3] A tying arrangement is defined as "an agreement by a party to sell one product but only on the condition that the buyer also purchases a different (or tied) product, or at least agrees he will not purchase the product from any other supplier."[4] Tying may be the action of several companies as well as the work of just one firm. Success on a tying claim typically requires proof of four elements: (1) two separate products or services are involved; (2) the purchase of the tying product is conditioned on the additional purchase of the tied product; (3) the seller has sufficient market power in the market for the tying product; (4) a not insubstantial amount of interstate commerce in the tied product market is affected.[5] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tying_%28commerce%29 Assuming that the Wikipedia article is factually correct on the requirements, provisions 1, 2, 3, and 4 are all true. MADA is confidential unfortunately. (Wonder why?) And no, that incident had nothing to do with whether or not Google apps available in Aliyun's store were pirated. Acer was told they'd be removed from the OHA if they shipped Aliyun's fork of Android. Again: See the Acer/Alibaba incident. The case may actually let us see a new version of the MADA if they can require it be in public court records. Love the claim that their relationship with Superfish "isn't finanncially relevant" and that they were doing it for their users. This was the greatest part of the whole document. Absolutely freaking hilarious. I've been saying this for over a year now. They've very much reversed roles. Market dominance has a huge effect on how a company acts, and Google is acting like the old monopoly trying to hang on. Can we please not Google brand the whole internet? :( The problem is Google is coupling improvements in performance and battery life on the backend with additional bloat on the frontend with all their design/animation stuff. So we're not actually getting any real gains here. More than likely, material design bloat ate any improvements in performance or battery life introduced by backend optimizations. Compared to Holo, Material adds a lot of generated shadows and animated elements. Holo was fairly 'flat' already, and far simpler. If you criticize Google in HN, you're going to get downvoted, sadly. Lot of fanboys here. Apple was never good at security, they just weren't a big target. Now they're both bad at security AND a big target. Now you can have your entire digital life entirely routed through Google. What could possibly go wrong with that? They can see what the inbound referrer is to their page. Indeed. This is an "all your eggs in one basket" issue. Google's cloud is the most dangerous thing in the world, because it's the most tempting target in the world. All of the data about practically everyone in one place. I trust the inevitability that Google's basket will eventually have the same fate. And it will be much much worse than anything we have seen so far. Agreed. With how much is disconnected between Hangouts and XMPP federation, I don't think you can call XMPP at Google "alive". Again. Multiple baskets will always be smarter than a single basket with everything in it. Hey look, sure enough the "How dare you criticize Google?" downvoters are in full force. :) If you criticize Google here, you will get downvoted into oblivion as soon as the fanboys find your comment. Um... Google apps ARE bloat. And the number of them they require on devices just keeps increasing. Elon Musk, Bill Gates, and Stephen Hawking all agree AI research is dangerous. Google does not seem to feel there is a credible risk and is doing it anyways. Google has always done this. Take something creepy and terrifying like processing bulk amounts of your personal data for advertising purposes, and putting a clean style and a friendly demeanor on it. Got a pile of them. I keep that pile next to all of the loyalty cards I get from various stores. Do I need to ask... where are they sourcing the puppies? Also: Come work for us, we'll give you free added responsibility and medical bills! Okay, good to hear they're not buying them at such and such puppy mill stores. :) This comment, in particular, was a joke. ;) I figured they probably didn't force you to get a puppy. I mean, presumably, if you go work at Rover.com, there's a good chance you already have (at least) one. My inner statistician is ecstatic you had this information just lying around. This is the big key to open source. The proof is right there. The source is out there, so you can't turn that source evil, people can just take it and run with it around you if you try. "Hey guys, here's this payout for this lawsuit. In other news, there won't be any raises this year." I find myself asking this question. I've found it entertaining to play with. But unreliable even in the few stores that support it. And I don't want Google to have more of my info. (And they just bought out Softcard, removing that option as well.) It's kinda necessary you enforce your licensing terms, but man, I wish people would realize that GPL is an extremely nasty thing. I'm speaking in reference to truly free licenses like Apache and MIT. Incorrect. Because a lot of others can't use your code for greater benefit of everyone because it's GPL. Your code is open source, regardless of the derivative work. GPL is about forcing other developers' to release their code in order to use your code. Oops. Over a lot of varying things, I've become a lot more open to Microsoft now that they're no longer a monopoly. They can no longer be the bully they used to be. Between open sourcing major frameworks, picking up more sane licensing models on some other things, they've really turned around expectations. But just as the GPL author has the freedom to make their code available, another author should be able to choose not to make their own code available. Again, this has nothing to do with freedom, this has to do with imposing your personal beliefs on others. That is a battle that will be won or lost without either platforms' watch actually mattering. I would agree that Wear and iWatch are not really competitors, except in the heads of fanboys who want direct comparison charts. Heh, clever name (and reason for it). Welcome to the club, Apple snobs. :) It befuddles the mind that you would develop a laptop that defeats the entire point of being a thin laptop, by ensuring you must carry a bag full of adapters and dongles. The MacBook Air may fit in envelope, but does all it's cables and adapters fit in that envelope with it? Terrible design. I always felt the Atrix and this sort of modular design was the future. Google killed it heavily with their cloud-synced devices push, and Sundar Pichai killing Android's laptop development project. I love the idea of Project Ara, but with Google taking it from Motorola, I fear it's going to be locked down into proprietary services like Google does with all their products. If they can get things like processing power to be modular, so you can have your apps and data on your phone, but be able to plug in and use desktop power when plugged into a larger station, that'd be when that sort of solution would really take off. I want everything on my phone, but for that phone to access desktop level UI and processing capability when I'm at my desk. Sure, the Webtop design had implementation problems, but the concept was solid. I think it's biggest deathblow was that it was released before Android supported large screens, so it was gimped to a version of Linux with only a couple pre-installed apps, rather than the tablet UI Webtop later could provide, after the concept was already killed in future models. Yeah, the Google that is making Project Ara is a long way away from the Google that embraced open protocols and standards, and open sourced platforms like Android and Chromium. To me the biggest case is going places where I might have an unexpected peripheral need. For instance, it's not uncommon for someone to need to transfer me some files with a flash drive. If I were to buy this thing, I'd have to carry a USB Type-A dongle all the time , just in case. Rather than have say... an extra millimeter of thickness, and the USB port just built right in. As noted, an Android laptop was in the works. I think an Android laptop with Chrome browser, with extension support, would've been the holy grail. But Sundar Pichai wanted to protect his Chrome OS project, so when he took over Android, he killed that project. (And yes, I can dig up a reference to this, if anyone questions it.) In the case of portables like tablets or laptops, it might be preferable for the phone to snap in for easy carry. But for a desktop a cable or dock would be more than good enough. The latter requires you give all of your data to giant corporations that you can't control. The latter requires that you sacrifice any freedom or choice in what software you run, where your data is stored, and more. The cloud is one of the world's worst compromises, and we're all just sitting around waiting for it to bite everyone in the rear. Sure, but what will be the adoption rate? Do people have to have both or drives with both ports? For how long will you be more likely to see standard USB flash drives than USB-C ones? What will the cost of USB-C flash drives be compared to standard USB ones? All important questions to answer before you walk out the door without a dongle. I'm sure it does. Google culture is pretty heavily ingrained among employees. And Google seems to have taken a strong interest in acquiring influence in the US government. They also have a former employee holding the Chief Internet Officer role at the White House, and Google has heavily supported over a dozen Congressional campaigns, which has actually come to fruition in the form of those Congresspeople sending blatant "please don't rule against Google" letters to the EU Parliament. I would report it to their superior, or the CEO if they are the head of HR. Particularly since it sounds like he may not have provided you a fair interview. Equality doesn't happen if people are silent about injustices. Yeah, as long as companies can profit from mining your data, the wealth of cloud services will be built that way. And consumers' obsession with "free stuff" only encourages it. I've played with ownCloud extensively, though Sandstorm.io is the new hotness that I think has a lot of potential down the line. They may not look pretty, but they work a lot better than the over-designed crud with pretty UIs. As a SysAdmin, I hope none of these enterprise vendors ever hires a single designer. Yeah, my first thought on this link was "copyright infringement?" In reality, I consider that a problem in the consumer space too, but designers don't really care. Which is now why I just prefer to use enterprise-grade products in the home. I literally was at a talk from an AXIS Communications salesperson yesterday. They advocated their never-changing web UI as a feature, and everyone agreed it was one. Or the reality is, you don't need designers, but the hipster crowd convinced companies they do, because they needed something to do with their art degrees they'd get paid for. And these companies are better off for it. Quick, efficient, and functional. That's what I expect of enterprise software, yes. It should have lots of options, and no useless cruft like CSS, JavaScript, etc. Exactly. The designer obsession with whitespace is basically a cancer to tech products. I go out of my way to find software that was made by an enterprise vendor, ideally one that has no designers on staff. o_o Whitespace is downright inefficient. If I bought a screen with over 2 million pixels in it, any one of those not serving information or functional elements is wasted electricity. If I wanted whitespace, I'd get a 800x600 screen from the 90s, and create a border around it with white paper. Lot more power efficient, same effect. I'm not surprised, and yeah, I've assumed code on Google Code is abandoned by default. But, you know, just yet another Google product biting the dust. This is the one thing I'm a bit worried about. I've downloaded several Google Code projects this year so far alone. This is the problem with proprietary cloud services. As long as they're hosted by and run by a single company, you can't be sure they'll stick around. Yup. I think my only serious concern is that even this year, I've downloaded several projects off Google Code. I am worried that a lot will be lost if they are not archived somewhere. Obviously, they specifically closed it because everyone uses Github. I think the key selling point though for you guys, is not putting code on other peoples' servers at all, which is unlikely to be Google Code alums. This is going to be the new best feature for malware developers. (Note: Unpoliced malware is RAMPANT in the Chrome Web Store, Google is not policing it properly.) Google made this decision a long time ago. Try searching Google for "flash player". The top two links are malware. Google knows their AdWords are used to slip malware at the top of download searches for major products, but has never done anything about it, like say, disabling AdWords on a term like "flash player" where any paid ad is basically guaranteed to be malicious. This is a twofold benefit for the sleezy company: Google gets paid directly by malware developers, and the added malware on people's computers helps drive consumers to switch to Chromebooks. The "rampant malware on Windows" problem is largely a Google creation, and of course, Google advocates their product as the solution. That does sound like it may help, though I wouldn't count against common users being regularly shunted through malicious portals. In actuality, I've found most HN users seem to love Google. To the extent that almost any criticism of Google gets downvoted to death. Case in point, this comment just dropped three points. ;) The great experiment is finally over. Very proud to exclusively use 840 Pro SSDs in my towers. Hey look, it's yet another way to route all of your data through Google's servers. I'm certain there's no hidden agenda there. Likelihood Google is collecting your info: High to Certain. Likelihood Bob the Tomato's Coffee Shop is collecting your info: Low. Arguably, that operating system is open source, and at the least, decently vetted. If you disable spyware like Google Play Services, it's likely to be reasonably safe. On the other hand, routing data through Google's servers is a distinctly different proposition. I know. :( I make a comment, and it gets a bunch of upvotes, and then the Google fans roll in, and downvote it back into oblivion. And you think the NSA is having a particular difficult time monitoring what routes through Google servers? In by that you're thinking Google could legally ship that in China without China having backdoor access to it? Fully agree. I've been deleting Google apps off my phone and replacing them with apps using the Holo Dark style UI. Far superior to what they create now. It truly is, but the Google fanboys are full steam ahead on it. In Material Design, Google branding is king. Those nasty features detract from Google's brand image. Yeah, I won't accept the update, and I've disabled most of my Google apps, where they shove Material on you even if you're on KitKat. Another possible option is the Sandstorm.io port of Gitlab. It can be installed as easily as a mobile app. :) That's where I found out about/first tried Gitlab. In fairness, when someone makes a post specifically saying "replacement for :product:" it's probably fair game to discuss the merits of the product being supposedly replaced. I mean, if only every CEO was connected enough to read like almost every comment or criticism about their product online... Good point "here's our Github account" would become a common solution for free private repos. It sounds to me like they're just disallowing the OEM practice of recovery partitions, in favor of telling you to create restore media, like the old days, lol. Factory reset without recovery media isn't going to work if your runtime files have been infected and such. Literally was arguing with someone like two days ago that using Slack for sensitive data was a bad idea, guaranteed to blow up in your face sooner or later. Nothing sweeter than "I told you so". Slack is from the startup culture. Do not expect any support for people who are not "up with the times" and crud. It makes you wonder how many changes were made for "privacy" and how many changes were made for "protecting our business". That's fair. I just wonder which half was the selling point that made the change happen. Maybe if Google AdWords wasn't a malware delivery tool... Absolutely. Though they're apparently changing their policy sometime this month to require ads advertising downloads be that apps' "primary download source". Yep: https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/6169380?hl=e... Unionizing AdWords? Why not... just stop using it. As long as people give Google money, Google's monopoly will survive. Bleed it dry. Should say "Google does a lousy job purging bad extensions from Chrome". A: Because all of the malware I reported is still there. And B: Because actually policing your store for malware for once shouldn't be a news item. I have a feeling the decision for how to arrange, as a separate thing, is likely to feed the monetization component. Particularly if it's limited to using GitHub's storage. Awesome. I did notice they called it "Git LFS" instead of "GitHub LFS", which should be a clue there, though from other comments I figured it might be GitHub specific. A good example of Vosteran New Tab. Almost two million users, none or near none of which are consensual users. Nobody I've ever uninstalled that from ever intended to install it. It hijacks your new tab page and search. Interestingly enough, Vosteran also produces a rogue fork of Chrome which makes Vosteran's own search/ad platform built-in and unavoidable. Said rogue fork is also installed without users' permission. https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/vosteran-new-tab/o... I invite you to peruse the first five pages of search results here and make your own assumptions about the legitimacy of all it's five star ratings: https://www.google.com/?gws_rd=ssl#q=vosteran Well, AdBlock Plus is a bad extension. People who use it should feel like scum. Because they are scum. That being said, your walled garden notion is accurate. Chrome used "security" as an excuse to lock down the extensions platform to only their Web Store. But it's not any more secure, since there's plenty of malware in the Web Store. It was just an excuse to wall in their product. I definitely think the "startup life" culture is something a lot of people will eventually consider a downside. I recently interviewed at a place with an open floor plan, and I found that a big turn off to the position. While free lunch and dinner are nice perks, sure, they also suggest you're still at work for lunch and dinner. I want a job, not an overly-attached workplace. So, the ad market is drying up. This is a thing we know. It seems pretty obvious, even predictable, that Google would need to figure out how to transition as many people as possible to paid customers before that market becomes unsustainable. Someday, YouTube ads will just be a way to annoy you into paying up. And Google has received reports for it, but clearly thinks there's nothing wrong with it being there. Good. $2500 for domain registration is a scam. Welcome to the startup world: http://ourincrediblejourney.tumblr.com/ When you read the first line of Chapter One, "I really like The Verge", you suddenly lose all interest in the rest of what he has to say. The problem is that stepping into this minefield with your own comments is just going to get you downvoted into oblivion yourself. The view that equality means you judge people on merit, not their gender, is not a politically correct one. This is, to me, the big one. The OHA is a huge agreement across an entire market segment not to compete with Google on a ton of products and services. There's no way Google gets out of an investigation with that practice intact. The part where they have control over nearly every major OEM in the industry? Rather than being a niche OS for rich people. But it's not a competitive handset market. Google has gotten all of them agreed not to compete with Google on OS, apps, and services, which they've all fallen in line with, and barely if at all compete with each other. (You'll notice they all do anti-Apple marketing, but no other Android OEM has ever done an ad against Samsung, for instance.) Yup. Google on Search: "Mobile is changing everything... please ignore the fact that we control the mobile industry too." I disagree. We have no idea how HTC, Motorola, Sony, LG, and others would've approached the market without Google. It's nearly impossible to say with any degree of accuracy. They are stopping Samsung from making it's own ecosystem. By forcing Google apps on Samsung devices, Samsung isn't able to develop their own competing ecosystem without also marketing Google's ecosystem simultaneously. So unless Samsung can compete with all Google products all at once, Samsung can't compete. Developers having to do real work is irrelevant, because developers are not the goal of antitrust law. Antitrust law is about protecting consumers, and if developers have to do more work because of it, so be it. If the EU's new limits on Google after this case causes their infrastructure to collapse or become unfeasible, that's Google's problem to solve. These are technical issues, not legal ones, and have no place in this discussion. Very excited to see this happen. The US surely wasn't going to do it, but it's well past due. The fact that most people use the default, and that Google mandates the browser be Chrome and the search be Google for all Chrome web browsers (largest desktop market share) and Android devices (largest mobile market share). And that they then prioritize their own products and services in Search as well. The issue isn't "everyone is forced to use Google Search" as much as "Google creates a monopoly through connected use of it's various products and services". The fact that you can change it is irrelevant. Microsoft learned that the hard way. Most people will use the default. This is one of those cases I absolutely think there should be no common hardware or connection. A plane's control system should not have any physical connection to public facing systems except for maybe sharing the same power source. While I have a somewhat dim view of niche social networks (seriously, I just joined a Trekkie-only social network, why the heck does that exist?), I'm going to give this a try, it sounds interesting. My initial feedback: The signup process is horrific. Asking me how many years of experience I have with each skill someone on LinkedIn endorsed me with? Literally just delete this entire page of the process. Signup should be simple, you want people using your site as fast as possible. The issue is that Google is default on Chrome. Their charges against Android are coming soon, they've launched an official investigation into Android app bundling as well. The problem is that people don't have control of what services they use. The vertical integration model, used quite successfully by both Google and Apple, is specifically designed to make it unfavorable or impossible to use competitors. At least under the US definition, the practice of "tying" is illegal when you use your monopoly position in one market to try to monopolize another market. By using Search to prioritize promoting their other services, they are trying to capture other markets through their dominance in Search. This is what the law was written to prevent. Most of my issues stem with how they do this in Android though, which is a separate investigation the EU is conducting. Google's Search behavior hurts consumers in a lot of ways. Since Google is the front door to the Internet, effectively, particularly in Europe where their market share is nearly uncontested, being an unfavorable result in Google prevents you from adequately competing. Being "penalized" by Google Search for any reason can put you out of business. And Google is now trying to exact their will on the entire Internet through penalizing sites in Search as a means of activism. For example, choosing to penalize sites for not using HTTPS, or penalizing sites for not using "mobile responsive" design, which has at best, subjective appeal. I assume there was a skip button on it, but it was a terrifying thing to be hit with. Even if it maybe picked just your top five skills to ask you about and offered to let you add more with a list or something. It's probably the appearance of the size of the thing. But some of the hyper-detailed profile options may be better to ask people to add to their profile post-registration, so you can get people into your site as quickly as possible. Extremely similar behavior. Basically the same premise, just a different division of the company doing it. Are you even remotely surprised, digi_owl? Nothing is a giveaway. It's all in exchange for your data, which is what they are profiting off of. And yes, Ara was an awesome Motorola project that Google will now ruin with walled garden design. The endoskeleton is not intended to be third party-able. It was actually pretty trivially easy to install Netscape. It most certainly could affect Amazon. And I would be okay with that. Actually, the difference is that US antitrust law won't go after companies who are friends of half the White House staff and pay off a decent chunk of Congress, whereas the EU doesn't care how big you are, they'll take you down. That's more than likely because Apple has never really held market dominance for a substantial period of time. As someone who's been trying to find a way to not use Google, I absolutely think the EU should not just fine, but shatter Google for. Because even when I moved to Windows Phone, Google bought out my NFC payment app and shut it down, telling everyone to get Android and Google Wallet. If Google can't crush a competitor in the marketplace, they'll just buy it out and kill it. Which is why rumors they might want to acquire Twitter isn't a shock: They've never succeeded at social. "Building the Star Trek computer" was always a funny marketing angle for Google, given that the Federation would frown on a greedy corporation controlling the flow of information. Android is very simple: Google needs to be banned from mandating OEMs install the whole Google Apps package. Leave it on OEMs to decide what browser, search, etc. apps to package on their devices. The market, and consumers, will decide what works. The Open Handset Alliance is a blatant example of an illegal trust. A large group of supposed competitors agreeing not to compete. The US's view of Google is inadmissible. Several high positioned White House staff members in tech positions are Googlers, and Google has a massive amount of cash invested in the US Congress as well. Google is at the White House for meetings on a weekly basis. The US Congress' letter to the EU Parliament asking them not to break up Google: Entirely signed by representatives paid by Google. The OHA is basically an agreement between almost every major manufacturer in the industry to not compete on software, which is the majority of the industry's featureset. Additionally, while OEMs actively advertise against iPhone, none of them have ever made ads against each other. The OHA is, at it's core, an agreement of a whole industry to not compete with Google or each other. Nobody cared about Google Wallet. It was never more than a tech industry niche item (aside from being an account for Play Store purchases), and phone carriers only blocked it because Google was trying to create a monopoly. If you understand the history behind the secure element, you'd realize that it was those phone carriers which forced Google to adopt HCE, which allows payment options. Google's plan was to be the sole payment provider across the entire industry. Source: http://www.androidpolice.com/2013/05/01/a-brief-history-of-v... It's actually been really nice to remove all the Google apps and find apps with UIs I actually like rather than the Google-branded blinding-in-the-dark stark-white look they're shoving on everyone these days. I recognize your name. I've surely encountered your brand of fanboyism on HN before. Indeed. Consumer choice is more important than consumer coddling. And nobody is saying Samsung or Sony or LG shouldn't be able to choose to ship Google Maps on their devices. Just that it's wrong for Google to force them to. Read the article, magicalist. Particularly the bottom few paragraphs. Google mandated exclusive use of the Secure Element for the payment system on Android. This would have prevented carriers from offering a competing payment service. In short, carriers were not being greedy by blocking Wallet. Google was being greedy by designing Wallet. Carriers, if anything, saved us from a Google Wallet monopoly. Now anyone can make an app that uses NFC. "User experience" should never be chosen at the expense of "user freedom". It's really not, because I'm a career IT specialist, with a degree in software development and a ton of experience. For anyone outside of that, Google makes it very scary and very difficult to do. Google's "openness" is what I refer to as "just enough rope to hang yourself with". They only are open insofar as they know you can't successfully compete with them. And when that limited freedom controls 80% of the mobile industry? The quality of a local business cannot be determined by whether or not they cough up $70 a year for HTTPS. The quality of content cannot be determined by whether or not they cough up $70 a year for HTTPS. Penalizing sites for not using it raises the cost of having an opinion or trying to run a business on a nearly arbitrary restriction defined by a monopoly with conflicting business interests who sells web hosting services. Not much of a fan of Apple, but Apple doesn't have a chokehold on the tech industry. So Google's doing a good job now? With over half their devices vulnerable to major vulnerabilities that every other OS patched but Google has publicly refused to develop a patch for? And if they were crushed by Apple, Apple would be under the same scrutiny Google is now. And again, Google was only successful because they leveraged an illegal agreement over a major portion of the tech industry. Years of cleaning malware off Windows PCs has taught me that average users will click on anything that offers to make their computer faster. If those restrictions were removed, Samsung would likely remove most Google Apps from their ROMs in the next update. They'd keep the Play Store and Maps. Maybe YouTube. Most other OEMs would take longer to set up their own apps, but they'd all follow suit. I'm guessing you missed this bit? > Google Wallet is doing something few apps do - asking for direct, exclusive access to a secure piece of hardware in the phone. Not only that, once Google takes over the secure element, it wants total control. Because of the security concerns (and related technical difficulties) involved in sharing a secure element, Wallet and only Wallet is able to utilize the internal secure element on a Wallet-enabled device. That means Google is directly managing every layer of the process. And then Apple would be in the same boat Google is in now. Of course, had Google been willing to create an open source OS without using an illegal trust to maintain control of it... well, then everyone would be in the clear. Indeed. In most markets there are at best, two options. And one of them will likely suck. In Chicago, it's Comcast or AT&T. And AT&T's top speed is Comcast's minimum speed, so your choice is made up. Harm to competitors is most definitely harm to consumers. It is. The charges filed today are about Search. And then the EU is opening a separate investigation about Android, though the general concept of the problem is the same: Google relies on bundling and self-promotion to create a walled in and monopolized experience. Are you suggesting that all of this is not publicly documented? The White House has hired multiple high-ranking Google employees in the last two years, and the campaign contributions made by Google to the Congressional representatives lobbying for them are all of public record. There is a decent likelihood the EU court will mandate Google to provide the court this information. With any luck, some of it will end up public, though Google will probably try to leave the EU as a whole before they'd give up their search formula. "Interesting thing commenters here seem to not know, device manufacturers are not allowed to sell any non-Google Android devices if they sell Google Android." - This is one of those MADA terms few Google supporters understand. Samsung, for example, is prohibited from releasing Google-free Android unless they wholesale give up on all Google Apps on every device they sell. It's not really "astroturf"ing when FairSearch prominently displays that it's an organization owned by Microsoft on their about page: http://www.fairsearch.org/about/ (Meanwhile, Google goes out of their way to hide their ownership of the Open Handset Alliance, burying the first mention of their name on like the third page of members.) Writing in their PhD paper in 1998, Larry Page and Sergey Brin described paid advertising as “insidious”, because it “often provides an incentive to provide poor quality search results”. Absolutely hilarious. Yup, it was just a patent grab. Oh, hey. Thought I recognized the name, Ray. :) But yes, they are. Look at the front page of the OHA site, Google is not named. Nor are they named in the OHA's Overview, like it's about page. You have to go into Members, and then Software Companies, and on that page, four pages deep, Google puts itself as the sixth name down. Bit shifty. Furthermore, while all other Google websites link directly to Google's terms of service, the OHA site puts a stub page in between, rather than linking directly to it, as would be standard par for the course. Google takes exceptional measures to distance themselves from control of the OHA, which they most certainly have. Actually, what's funny is I've gotten almost an identical number of upvotes as downvotes on this issue. Really, you're just a fanboy, who believes everything that doesn't suit your worldview is a troll. :) It's also interesting, because it speaks to HN's karma system as less of a measure of comment quality, and more of a measure of whether or not your opinion is popular. (Or in my case, just controversial.) Google Wallet was intended to be installed by default on all their devices, via their MADA agreement to push Google Apps onto Android devices. Also, I would hardly consider the OHA's MADA a "venue for collaboration". A venue for control, sure. Collaboration, no. Actually, Google's MADA terms specify what must be on the homescreen by default and how it must be arranged. I'd love to attend an OHA meeting! I'm sure Google's going to open that up. Oh, wait, the OHA is somewhere around as secretive as the NSA. Although at least the NSA can claim it's trying to protect people. Google's just trying to cover their dirty laundry. That's actually one of the things I'm really hoping for out of these cases. A judge that won't care about your non-disclosure crud and will post that stuff in open court. I would like to present: http://www.opensecrets.org/orgs/recips.php?cycle=2014&id=D00... Many of the Congressional representatives on this list have signed letters on behalf of Google asking the EU not to intervene in Google's business. http://www.opensecrets.org/orgs/recips.php?cycle=2014&id=D00... Oh, no doubt. It was a smart choice for them. Google has absolutely done more than $6.4 billion worth of damage to society. Google's arbitrary automatic penalty systems put people out of business on a daily basis. Honestly, if you constantly tried out alternative services, you'd probably have left Google already. I did, and I found many competitors' services faster, smoother, higher performance, and more configurable. Unfortunately, they have terrible market share because of Google's anticompetitive business practices. I actually can't. My response to the above comment was pretty generic. I don't fly often, and when I do, it's generally airline specific because of mileage programs. Wallet is definitely still US-specific. As is Apple Pay, and was Softcard. I have no idea when and if any of these companies will ever expand NFC payments internationally, though some countries have local providers. Pretty sure corporations are people now. :) And if Sergey Brin and Larry Page and Eric Schmidt are tossing millions of dollars at the government, I'm sorry, but that's Google paying off candidates for federal office. Particularly when those same candidates turn right around and advocate for Google on the international political stage after they're elected. Which would be relevant if Foxconn made the Kindle Fire. :) https://www.bing.com/search?q=Kindle+Fire+manufacturer&pc=MO... So what you want me to believe, is that the list of Congresspeople going outside of their duties to citizens and asking other governments to not regulate against Google, who also happen to have all collected substantial donations from Google employees are doing that completely objectively and coincidentally? Clearly, you also did not read the comment you were responding to, because it was not about the Fire Phone. :) That being said, it is interesting that Foxconn built the Fire Phone. I don't think any Congresscritter job includes protecting businesses in foreign countries from litigation. If any nuclear material could be easily turned into any other nuclear material, life would be so much easier, and nuclear waste would be much less of a problem. ;) Very glad we dodged this bullet. Scifi into reality: Terminator and Minority Report are great visions for our future. -_- Yeah, but Google did a huge marketing push that they're an "AI company" recently because that sounds a lot more scifi than the reality that Google's primary revenue stream isn't that different from a company that does cold calls. Marketing isn't exactly appealing to consumers. ;) The fact that this site exists is confirmation that all of my "bah humbug" about using CSS over tables is pretty justified. And while CSS still renders differently in every browser, I have yet to find a browser that can't render tables consistently. Oh, the Federation, where the world isn't run by corporations? Yeah, Google is not working on that future. Well, everyone apparently works for free under the Roddenberry vision, so figure that one out. Presumably if corporations aren't controlling things like the Federation database, it would seem likely a significant portion of all real development is going straight to the government though, yeah. I absolutely think the EFF is making poor use of their funds defending someone who was doing penetration testing on live planes with people aboard. If the security is as bad as he claims, the risk his testing might inadvertently put people in danger could be pretty high. And he was a repeat offender, as by his own admission he'd hacked planes 15-20 times so far in a live environment. That's incredibly dangerous, and it takes an incredible amount of ego and an incredible lack of consideration to fail to realize that he could be putting people at risk himself. The issue is that he was hacking the plane. Intent is irrelevant. The reality is he could inadvertently damage an aircraft system while playing around. A responsible security researcher would not put 200 people at risk to do his testing. Why would you say that the need for Sysadmins is on the decline? If anything, I should think it would be greater than ever. I'm very curious here. Absolutely agree. Sysadmins' interface with code is basically to be a compliance-checker. Software, be it from in-house developers or a third party solution need to meet that compliance bar, or it doesn't go to production. If your in-house developers are unable to meet those compliance requirements, that's a them issue and not a you issue. It's good for devs to know some ops, and ops to know some dev from a familiarity standpoint, particularly because mutual understanding fosters a good working relationship, but they're two very different roles. "Us and Them" makes it sounds adversarial, but it's not meant to be. It's about who is best equipped to fix the problem. More often than not, a problem with an in-house developed piece of code will be best fixed by the person who wrote that code. The amount of examples I have in my daily job demonstrate that no, the concept that developers won't have any need for IT staff is a day that is never going to come. And while I make a point to have a relatively varied skill set, the truth is, trying to be both a developer and an admin is going to just mean you suck at both jobs. It's kinda hard to have any other view of them unless you're blind. I found an incorrect/incomplete Knowledge Graph entry for a dictionary definition once, and there was no Feedback option even available for it. Recommendation: Try the demo, it'll take you less than ten seconds. Also, they have a whole blog on that subject: https://blog.sandstorm.io/news/2014-07-21-open-source-web-ap... Still paywalled, actually. They're smarter than that. ;) You have to actually search from Google. Also, they're discriminatory, it does not work from Bing, only from Google. The funny thing is, they expect everyone else to put their corporate data in their datacenters! Google has an extremely one-sided view of where data should go. (In all cases, directly to their servers.) Interesting. Did you click their link before clicking on the original WSJ link? I'm wondering if they try to detect people using this workaround when they hit the paywall or something. Ah, yeah, I'm on Firefox. Google Apps for Business? Android for Work? For selected Blu-rays, the Buy button has entirely been removed in favor of a "Get Prime" button. Currently you can see this at: Wreck-It Ralph, Divergent, Hot Tub Time Machine 2, Expendables 3, Red 2, and more. I mean, I get the exclusive pricing, which they've done on their hardware before. But to not even let you buy it from them unless you have Prime, even at a higher price? That irks me. And most users don't know where to find the third party sellers (which in most cases won't support super saver shipping and such). I'm sure this is less painful for people who still have the 30-day trial available to them. To everyone else, it's a $99 minimum cost to buy a $10 product. But it definitely seems like this, combined with the new Prime commercials I've been seeing is a big push to get their regular customers moved over to Amazon Prime. I don't know if I'll ever trust the claim that something has no servers, but entering fictional information is suitably workable to see that it's pretty nifty. :) Multiple users could install Lychee on one server with Sandstorm.io. https://demo.sandstorm.io/appdemo/z6rj6js4h8p8rjz2myp3dwmv3m... What's the legality of this service? You need an account? Am I right in guessing that this then grants your server the ability to open and close my garage door? I've been flirting with it. I've been a Windows desktop user throughout, but the big appeal to using their platforms more is that Microsoft always makes it's "cloud services" features optional, rather than strongarming people into storing data on their servers. It's "free" and "self-hosted"... but is it "open"? It's just weird to combine "free" with "proprietary" in a self-hosted context. If it's free and self-hosted, why are they not allowing access to the source? Considering the possibility of your IP being leaked by a proprietary program on your server, maybe that higher security standard should include an open requirement. This is pretty nifty. Obviously there's a lot of malicious uses for this, but as someone who supports a lot of seniors with near inability to remember passwords, this sort of thing has a practical use. Sure, dragonwriter, I'm not contesting that. But I live in the "real world", and this is a real world tool that will help me help users who, whether you like it or not, fail at technology. Usually the former. It was always Apache, but having these source files makes a huge difference on the "open source" part of "free and open source". In the case of something like Slack though, there's a huge business risk: Storing your confidential internal discussions with a random startup of questionable security practice. I agree. I'd love to see Microsoft continue to push for users to be in control of their own data. I try not to use any cloud sync services, but I use some Windows Store apps, so I end up having to use a Microsoft account for that reason. Unless someone compromises your intranet as a whole. It's illegal in the movie Gattaca too. :D This seems like it'd be particularly helpful for dealing with the incredibly excessive CSS layers in Google websites like Google+ (which locks up my browser for five seconds when it loads). But I'd be pretty iffy giving my login details through a proxy like this. It's telling me I should turn on my sound for a better experience. I see the actual speed benefits immediately, I tested it with a public G+ post URL, and it loaded much faster than my laptop can load a G+ page normally, and without causing my browser to freeze up. Out of curiosity, what's the monetization or business plan with this? The biggest concern, particularly down the road, is assuring people you're above board on security. When I mentioned it on G+, the first suggestion was that you guys could inject ads and such, which obviously would be a huge problem. But generally if there's a solid paid model, a company can be pretty free and clear of those problems. The other thing you would want to consider is Firefox and Chrome plugins where you could set specific sites to open via your protocol. Maybe Engadget doesn't work well on my computer for whatever reason, so I tell the extension to open all Engadget URLs through your service, or something like that. This is pretty useful for Git noobs like me. "It's kinda lame you need an OS made in the last six years at least to run this." Isn't this kind of like asking why Docker doesn't run on a Linux kernel from 2009? Windows 7 is six years old, don't be shocked some of Microsoft's newer things might use newer platforms. Guess it's good they're giving folks a free upgrade. Hint: The vast majority of Americans are immigrants. Well, they've obviously heavily revising their approach with Windows 10. But Win 8's primary failing is it's learning curve. Once you know how to deal with it, it's pretty massively superior to Windows 7. A lot of the easy ways to get around in it are kinda hidden though. They're not "shoving Windows 8 down people's throats". They're just developing software for the Windows 8 and more importantly Windows 10 platforms. And they're giving Windows 10 upgrades out for free to get everyone up to their modern software without costing an arm and a leg. Whether you like Windows 8 or not, doesn't change the fact that Windows 7 is six years old, and you can't run off an old operating system forever. Absolutely the problem. Google+ currently causes Firefox to hang for five to ten seconds. (On my less core-gifted machine, this locks up the entire machine for those five to ten seconds, but in most cases, just ALL my Firefox.) I also have yet to find a UI designer who doesn't pitch a fit when you dare question the usability of their design. I'm sure they're out there, but my carefully constructed explanation of why a UI makes something harder to use has never been well received. What do I shoot at? It's neat. Is this all HTML5 and JavaScript then? It'd be nice if everyone open sourced their abandoned software and games. Very cool to see Microsoft choosing this, and I hope they expand this to other abandoned products in the future. Depends how simple. Obviously "add the domain name to the end of the password" is too simple. But there are other ideas that are equally easy to remember or regenerate. Yes, and I'd consider Google, Apple, and Facebook huge targets with major compromise risk as well. People tell me Google security is absolutely without equal, but when it's hacked, I, for one, will be unsurprised. With cloud services hacks, there is no "if"s, only "when"s. I wonder when people will realize "better experience" is not a universally good excuse for chipping away at security (and privacy). Reusing passwords is not a crime.* *Unless it's your email password or your bank password, basically. People have been scared into this "unique password for every site", but let's be honest: My Hacker News password getting hacked doesn't cost me anything. Why does it need a unique password with some random other forum I comment on that has no personal information on it? How about... "when" it'll happen again then. ;) Yeah. Saw this comment and was like "REALLY?" and then I tried it. It heavily depends on the area. In very urban areas, property is a lot more expensive, and renting is probably the way to go. In my area, it's almost the same cost to buy as to rent. The difference being, you can get some of the money back on your purchase by selling your property, whereas your rent just entered a black hole. But if buying is like putting $500k of shares in a company (this is a really expensive house, man), renting is throwing your cash out the window. I mean, your mileage is going to vary on location, and a generic thread like this isn't necessarily all that useful, but in my area, a mortgage payment is actually less than a rental payment for a similar place. So even if it's a "bad investment", I can reclaim at least some of the money I put into a purchase when I sell the place (or make a profit, but no guarantees). But I get nothing when I stop renting. What money do you get back out of renting? So, let me give you a practical example. Three years ago I bought a condo for $55,000. Six months ago, I sold it for $70,000. Factoring in various transaction fees, and interest, I made about ten grand. Why ever would I consider renting? We're still at a relatively low point in the market, and there's a pretty good chance the value of your property is going to go up, not down. Generally I consider taxes/association fees to be more cost of living than part of the property, in honesty (no way to really live anywhere for "free"). I spent a little to make the place nicer for sale, but it's a one bedroom, and we did a lot of stuff ourselves. (I learned to rescreen a screen door!) I'd have to look at a lot of paperwork I can't bother myself with for an HN comment to get you an exact number, but after the sale of that place, and the purchase of a new place (I moved to get a larger place, wasn't really aiming to make money specifically.), I ended up with about the same amount of money put in towards the new place as I had paid into the old one, and an extra ten grand in my savings. I'm not trying to say "buying is always better", and you have to do your research on the value of your property, properties in the area, where the housing market is at the time, how the rental market is going. There's no way anyone on this site can conclusively tell you that buying or renting is "better" nationwide. But it's hard to understand why one would rent in a lot of cases, where you have no chance of getting that money back out. I was going to read the article, but all the Verge-tastic CSS is too distracting. Firefox's reading mode is also confused. Is this going to end up making it even harder for me to get to an actual human on the phone? If that's what it was used for, I would have less of an issue, but often it really just seems to filter popular/unpopular views. Creating an echo chamber, where only the views shared by moderators and high karma users are allowed to exist. I've always held a quite different view of startups. Namely that enterprises hold a lot of responsibility, they provide stable products, long support windows, quality customer service and a lot of their money, time, and effort goes into ensuring that continuity. Yes, they spend a lot of time talking, but that's because getting it right is an imperative. "Just doing it" isn't going to meet their customers' needs. Meanwhile, startups have a lifetime generally of "until they get bought out", and hence are apt to start and shutdown products with little to no warning, provide a minimal amount of long-term support or assurance, and with minimal or basic customer service. Sure, they operate with a lot less overhead, but they provide a much less reliable product. I imagine in this case, some of the recruiters may only have a cursory understanding of the job requirements. Evaluators may know you need to mention Python, but not what a pull request is, or how to look at what you've contributed on GitHub. They may be asking the question to simply provide whatever answer you give to someone more qualified to evaluate it. (Also, even if they look at your GitHub, they may want to see how you answer in person. I've definitely been asked questions that were answered on my resume, but it's also sometimes a conversation starter to a deeper topic.) In some cases I think they've gone back up since the downvote crew rolled through. In some cases I've deleted things too. A lot of times as I said, I'll get up several votes, and then be pushed down to 0 or negatives, and then perhaps end up back at 1 in time. (On a discussion about Google, I managed to end up +30 karma for my comments there, then back down to where I was, then back up a bit, before getting -50'd and threatened by a moderator. Anything touching Google is a particularly sensitive topic to the folks who use downvote heavily, I imagine there's quite a few Google employees who participate here.) I disagree that the comment you linked was off-topic. It was an issue with the link provided, and a discussion of possible solutions that followed it. I felt that comment was succinct, but clear. The parent comment made the assumption that the US's antitrust position on Google was unbiased or valuable in an argument. I both stated my issue with his comment, followed immediately by the reason why I felt that way. If you didn't read past the first sentence, then you wouldn't have received the complete thought. I suppose it could have been formatted better. Sorry, dang, I wanted to clarify this here, as my word choice was poor. I was not 'threatened' in a reasonable definition of the word. dang responded to me in a thread about Google (linked in this thread) regarding 'personal attacks', when I was responding to a troll. His comment appeared only addressed to me, however, and I felt that in the context of the discussion, it was targeted and unfair. I also simultaneously dropped 50 karma, and got heavily rate-limited, and I felt particularly unwelcomed. I've conversed briefly with dang over email, I wanted to clarify it here, and thank him for letting me respond here. My particular issue with extreme downvoting, is it seems (at least from my observation) to be tied to rate-limiting your ability to comment on posts. I was unable to comment on this thread, for example, for a fairly decent period of time. The other contention is that it sucks to be downvoted (a system I dislike in general) while being unable to downvote comments you believe are low quality yourself. The actual magic internet points, as you say, aren't really a big deal. Given that the parent comment is all factual, the mocking sarcasm comment most certainly meets the bar for being a low quality comment. (If any mocking comments are ever not low quality, please let me know.) Awesome to see more companies questioning Slack, and developing their own solutions! A good SysAdmin can be both friendly and sociable, and also insistent that you follow good practices internally to create a stable product. :) I can agree with that. Every option is likely to have pros and cons. If you know what they all are, you can make the choice based on which cons you can live with, and which pros are the most important to you. Why would they need this? LEGOs last forever and can be resold and passed down through generations... ...Oh, they just want to lower product quality so people have to buy new LEGOs. :) This is a pretty useful service. I do check sites tracking these compromises on occasion, and I know at least one password I used before has been compromised, but it wasn't one I'd used in years. My biggest concern is that your subject line sounds like plenty of spam/phishing emails, and your URL may get blacklisted by email services if you do this often enough. From a slightly higher effort standpoint, you might be able to work with major email service providers to ship these notifications to users in a more official capacity. I thought the earlier launch was just for tablets. That would probably help. "Your password, xxxx, has been compromised." Even if they think it's spam, they should immediately realize they do need to change their password. Password is already compromised, so this is a worthless step. And only seeing part of the password may cause them to think it's largely still secure or something. (Some people don't understand wildcards.) Since their password is already compromised publicly on the Internet, it's silly to worry about shoulder-surfing. In fact, if someone shoulder-surfs, and sees the password, the user is even more encouraged to CHANGE it. Have you seen Microsoft's Mayhem project? They open sourced it, nobody seemed to notice it existed, and then they abandoned it. I'm using it to run my home automation system right now. The biggest concern I have, is I haven't found one of these that really meets all my needs. I want it self-hosted, it has to be expandable with plugins, and it needs to have a wide enough userbase and dev community for plugins to be actively developed and maintained. Mayhem, as I mentioned, is really cool (for Windows), and it has plugins, but since it isn't maintained, it's limited. It supports doing INSTEON actions, but not listening for INSTEON events, and the types of modules it can handle are limited. I had to get a separate program (PopTrayU) to check my email, because Microsoft only built a plugin for Outlook, which isn't installed on the machine I run it on. A lot of these, bip.io included, are more heavily dependent on cloud services. If I wanted to use cloud services, I'd use IFTTT. I want self-hosted alternatives. (Why would I need a Trello plugin or a Slack plugin if I like self-hosting my data?!?! I don't mind them existing, but there should be self-hosted options here.) Shouldn't it be a highly poignant here, that only Google has access to the data necessarily to police Google's conduct? It's reasonable to take it with a grain of salt. Particularly to give a very suspicious eye to their research methodologies. Heh, this is the first and primary reason I'd love to get my hands on this. I'm super excited about this. One of my biggest peeves right now is that voices cost a ton of money, few are readily available otherwise, and a lot of the new stuff is cloud-dependent. (Which is a big turn-off to me.) What are you looking to do with this? Request: Star Trek computer voice (Majel Barrett Roddenberry) There's hundreds of episodes containing it, including remastered audio in the HD versions of TNG. Google Play does this occasionally, yes. I wish they did it a lot more often. Pilots of every series should just be free, everywhere, IMHO. What I meant was, are you looking at making it available for others to use in things (open source, perhaps), or looking to make a product out of it? And if the latter, something cloud-based, or something I could run on my own machine? Hat tip and an upvote for making this super easy to understand. There were some recent pictures of it taken too: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-3119861/Russi... Kinda sad, clone as she is, she deserves a spot in a museum. This is the coolest thing I saw today. Most carriers will disable texting wholly to your account on request. That's an option. Could it still be selected as the default messaging app? I had no issue disabling Hangouts on my Android 4.4 device. This is my big irk: Shirking liability. Google, and it's fans, spend a lot of time blaming everyone else for the problem. It's the OEM's fault, or it's the carrier's fault. It's dozens of other companies fault that Android is insecure. But nobody wants to hold Google liable for developing a platform that they distribute in a manner that is completely insecure. Google sets the terms by which it does business with OEMs. And yet, they've never been held to blame for the bad experience that users get due to this model. Google uses these terms to protect it's monopoly dominance, by mandating OEMs install 20 or so proprietary Google apps, but not to do anything really valuable to the customer, like mandating a security patching methodology. I've been saying this for years. Google needs to provide security updates to all versions of Android which don't change APIs or functionality. Just drop-in replacements to fix exploits. These need to be offered for a period measured in years to every version of Android they release. Microsoft still releases regular security fixes for Windows Vista! Absolutely true. It's very clear a platform that can't ensure security fixes in a timely manner doesn't belong in the hands of anyone who handles private data. "Android for Work" isn't much of an option for anyone who values security. Pay-as-you-go encryption? o.o This is known as an "unhealthy work/life balance". I'd kill for merge conflict resolution in the web UI. I feel like Silicon Valley tends to think they can save money by skipping out on whatever big businesses have always done, until they find out later that it was a bad idea, and businesses did things that way for a reason. It's what happens, I think, when 20-somethings think they know what they're doing over experienced people with 20-something years of experience in the business world. I suppose that's true. I'm a decent fan of this because it doesn't block ads that behave themselves. And ad blocking is still morally corrupt. I know why I was downvoted. I heavily criticized startup culture on a community meant for startup folks. ;) Sidebar: I have Asperger's. It's not a disease, just a difference. And it's definitely not an excuse. Imagine how well it would go over for Google if they started a copyright suit from the position that they heavily argued against in Oracle. I'm not saying they wouldn't (or even shouldn't, since they lost the case), but I'd be amused as all get out. And it'd prove what we all know deep down: Google's position will always be whatever is the best position for Google. Though oddly enough, the beta version only works for x86/64 architectures. So not Windows Phones. Absolutely. In another article, Vestager is said to have the nickname the "Iron Lady of Denmark". Google can't buy her out. And as a stepladder-carrying woman in a leadership position, she's a formidable leader and icon that Google can't easily tear down or discredit. If they try and break up Google though, I expect Google to leave the EU wholesale rather than comply. The Candy Crush app is claimed to be a ported iOS app, already available on Windows Phone 8. And I kinda thought the whole Universal Apps thing was architecture-independent. Well, I said "it'd", which is short for "it would". As in, it would confirm, if they did. Isn't this basically the More Everything plan? Line access fees plus data buckets aren't new here. The lack of a two year agreement is new though. I wonder if the whole "we'll buy out your plan for you to switch" thing is the big motivator for this. By killing off contracts, these carriers end their need to buy out each others' ETFs and such. My question is, has anyone tried YouTube Gaming on Firefox or IE? When the YouTube Gaming coming soon page launched, it only worked on Chrome. Google seems to have forgot how to test browser compatibility prior to launching websites. People still don't understand right click. Hate to break this to you. UI that isn't clear and visible on the screen is unhelpful UI. Will Google split off Android as a "separate company" under Alphabet to try to hide it from the EU's crackdown? This is the most traditional-corporation definitely-evil move Google has ever made, whether their letter claims otherwise or not. I would hope the EU can see right through transparent moves like this, but I suspected this as well. Search for "The Google Graveyard". Someone made a thing about all the stuff Google killed off. More of a loophole maybe than hiding. Like perhaps being one big company in the US, but somehow being "separate" companies that "don't collaborate" in the EU? There's other suggestions as to why, either to prevent experiments from tarnishing Google's brand, or to ensure Google's separate products can survive the eventual failure of the ad market. I clicked your link, saw the loading animation, waited like ten seconds for it to do anything, then left. Bear in mind, Google's primary advantage in search is the number of people using their search engine, and their ability to track what people do. Moreso than any machine intelligence factor, Google just profits off knowing what term you search and then what you decided to click on. It seems to just hang period. Console says that the Google fonts aren't loaded because their MIME type is text/html, not text/css. Don't know if that would stop the rest of the page load or not. I'm on Firefox on Windows 8.1. No extensions installed. Same problem. My options for my Droid Turbo are suffer Android 5.x or get a Windows Phone. ...I'm getting a Windows Phone. Because withholding security updates over accepting horrifically invasive UI and branding changes is unacceptable. Similar to Microsoft still patching Vista nearly ten years later, Google should be obligated to deliver security patches to all versions of Android within a reasonable timeframe. And for those of us who don't want Lollipop, we'll never be offered the update. We have to either accept a bad system "upgrade" or stay insecure. Advice: Link your actual app store/list somewhere. On an app-based platform, most people's first question is "what apps can I run on it?" I think I saw your thing before at an earlier stage because I'm heavily interested in/messing with Sandstorm.io. There's a lot of stuff you can currently run on this that would not work (yet) on Sandstorm, which is cool. Particularly a game server like Minecraft. My question is what kind of security is employed to ensure apps are frequently updated, apps cannot interfere with other apps, etc.? You may want to fix how your Terms of Service is presented. On Firefox, it does not word wrap, and scrolls horizontally... pretty much indefinitely inside that box. Here's the problem: It's a DROID Turbo. It's locked down by Verizon/Motorola, and neither root nor bootloader unlock has been achieved. So it's not even an option. The problem is that the "upgrade path" and the "security fix" path need to be separate things. People should not be forced to have their device changed in an unacceptable manner (I did not buy a device with 'material design' for a reason, and being forced to get it to get a security fix is an unacceptable situation.) Google released a patch for Stagefright for 4.4.x anyways. So this is not the reason. The problem is that Android is currently flawed in implementation in that it treats security fixes and system upgrades the same way. There's only one "path" to get updates. So by blocking 5.1, I also don't get a Stagefright fix for my 4.4, even though a fix for 4.4 already exists. Also, companies like Microsoft do charge extra for supporting old versions. Specifically, versions OVER TEN YEARS OLD. (Vista security updates are still free!) However, Google does not properly support OS versions released within the last year, which is drastically worse. The fact that Google created a huge maintenance burden for themselves shouldn't absolve them of responsibility to provide that maintenance. Microsoft supports Windows versions for ten years, and I agree that's crazy for Android. However, three years I feel is a bare minimum expectation. Devices tend to remain on the market for about a year, and the standard phone contract is two years. So three years from a version release should cover the vast majority of users for the life of their device, should they choose not to take "system upgrades" which may slow their device or change it in an unwanted manner. I guess the biggest challenge is, if say, I signed up for this today, would I be able to use it as a non-technical user, if there's no pre-prepared apps to install? And even if other developers are supporting your manifest standard, if you have no central app list, how does someone signing up for your service know what apps are available for it, and where they can get them? But Google has been heavily pushing their new "Android for Work" concept. Microsoft's support lifecycle is expected by enterprises today. Why on earth should people trust Google with their business data if they won't provide enterprise-level support? The problem is that newer and better are not synonymous. And most Android users have probably learned by now that their devices getting slower with each update, not faster. Google :does: control those devices. They're MADA agreement devices, which means Google approves every device that goes to sale, and Google approves every software update they release. Unfortunately, as a Verizon customer, I don't have a wide variety of options with unlockable bootloaders. And the battery life on the Turbo was simply, the only feature that mattered. Usually there's an unlock within a few months, but there still isn't one at this point for the Turbo, I guess. I had seen this before, but yeah, it's been a while and it makes sense to announce a change in status in a new post. Heh, well, half a year later. I placed more faith in Android security than was warranted. Verizon is non-optional for me. So, have you looked into how Sandstorm packages files, and whether one of your JSON manifests could be easily added next to a Sandstorm package in order to run it? Or, oppositely, could your platform install an app based on a provided SPK file (and it's own built-in manifest)? The biggest difference is that it looks like you have people include a script to install the app, and Sandstorm packages the app and all it's dependencies 'pre-installed', and is mostly independent of Linux flavor. Since Sandstorm packages have all the dependencies and app data in read-only, and all of the user's app data in /var, I would think it'd be relatively possible to figure out how to get the two formats to play nice. My thoughts on running Sandstorm in an app on a server that runs apps is similar to my thoughts on running ownCloud on Sandstorm. There's definitely uses, to be able to use features the parent app platform doesn't support (Sandstorm doesn't do everything ownCloud does yet), but running an app platform inside an app platform is sometimes silly. (Though it's probably relatively trivial to run Sandstorm inside Portal Platform.) Though running individual Sandstorm apps as individual Portal Platform apps is probably also doable, since SPKs contain everything a Linux server needs to run an app. Sandstorm and Portal Platform manifests are pretty similar, and the way the apps are run are similar. My thought here is just that if your 'install' script can unpack and set up from an SPK file, you might be able to take advantage of some of the apps already being published (currently) exclusively for Sandstorm. I've been poking around Windows' SDKs to turn iOS and Android apps and stuff into Windows apps, so the concept of this sort of thing happens to be fresh in my head currently. :D That, however, is prohibitively expensive for small scale users though. Even moreso than running a box from home. People are quick to condemn GeoCities, but it was a pretty fantastic thing for the world, when you get right down to it. I'm excited to see lots of providers looking at doing similar things for the modern web. Feedback: I'm on a laptop. Why is everything crammed in a three and a half inch space in the center of my screen? So, does this compose an image and attach it to the tweet then? The page doesn't actually tell me what it does. It's not voodoo, it can't make normal text letters on Twitter fit more in a single message. So I'm assuming it makes an image or links off of Twitter. But it doesn't really say that. Yeah, and even for non-clothing things, you might be able to make a really cool system that retailers can sign up for to list their inventory with you, so that people have an awesome online way to find things they'd otherwise just buy on Amazon in a brick and mortar store, they can get to today. This seems pretty cool. I agree a lot of site hosting sold today is insanely overkill for a lot of users. I mean, I like HostGator, and I like cPanel. But I use the features of both, and I host enough :stuff: on it, and I use server-side features, that it is worth the cost. But it's great to have simple tools for simple needs. This site feels totally modern and up to date! There are decent solutions to this already. INSTEON works great. It's got dual-band connectivity (wired and wireless) and you can either use a cloud hub if you want, or control it locally with a computer. The thing that throws me here that others haven't commented on yet... it's built 'in partnership with TP-Link'. TP-Link makes budget hardware, that doesn't last much longer than it's one year warranty. Charging $199 for a TP-Link device sounds... overpriced. If this had been built by ASUS, then maybe they'd have something. Very very cool integration! We're finally starting to see on premises options that can take on cloud solutions without compromising these sorts of features. Their privacy policy seems open ended enough to indicate otherwise. Using this router allows Google to collect a HECK of a lot of data about your Internet usage. That IS a lot of data! I have heard these stories (and am wary), but I have yet to have a single INSTEON device fail on me so far. X-10 was completely unusable for me. The moment I read this article, I thought about ActiveWorlds again. I was never a paying citizen, but I used to visit a fair bit, a long time ago. They had so many different worlds and projects people did through it, I was surprised nobody mainstream ever gave it attention. Perhaps once VR goes fully retail we'll see world creators like this become popular. The biggest thing with WoW, is they push end game content so heavily, and part of the way they do that is accelerating leveling through old content. So while you used to have to grind through most of these regions, players now end up leveling much faster and only seeing a few of them. It looks like https://haveibeenpwned.com/ has already included the data from this leak (though there's a lot of questions about fake sets of this leak data, so who knows if your site, or this site, has the legitimate leak). I don't know, I feel like they're one of those attempts to look hacker-y that ends up falling a bit flat. 1337speak isn't really all that trendy anymore, except for people who make really bad passwords. I actually really cracked up about a Mr. Robot line though: "I bet you right now some writer is working hard on a TV show that’ll mess up this generation’s idea of hacker culture." Useful info: Microsoft pushed their telemetry services to Windows 7 and 8.1 via an update last week. Downgrading may not really help you here. -1 for making a post sound like a security flaw just to get people to read it. This is a pretty big thing. It heavily opens up the door to go after any 'cloud' company that does a poor job securing customer data. Because ZXing Barcode Scanner works anywhere, so Google had to fix it so barcodes can only be scanned on proprietary Google phones. It depends. I'm okay with being in a data center if it's impossible for the data center owners to access my data. Backups are much more practical to encrypt and put in the cloud than the software you're actively using. Though hopefully the software we're actively using can be encrypted too. There's another comment above where kentonv explains why they don't, and why it would be difficult. But beyond that, I don't think a Raspberry Pi is a great choice for this sort of application. If you really want something similar, I think there are now x86_64-based micro-PCs that might work. The problem is that if our software on a cloud server has to use our encrypted private data, at bare minimum has to decrypt it, perform operations on it, and re-encrypt the revised data. Which can be resource-intensive. That is true. As we all know, if you use Google, you're the product being sold. Wow, nice work! I'd love to do something like this, but I don't know if my commitment to the task would hold up that long. So, are they going to just be upfront on their careers page and say 'only accepting female applicants'? How do they ensure they're getting a higher percentage of female employees specifically if they hire people to fill jobs that become available and are needed, assumedly with people who can do them? And have we just thrown out the whole 'best candidate for the job' thing at this point? "This module is like violence: if it doesn't work, you just need more of it." How could anyone not love this tool? At work you should probably never be using a tool that just ignores errors. Errors are there for a reason, and you should have a very good reason for ignoring them. It doesn't sound like this is actually a net neutrality thing, just a really poor choice of words. If you click on the name of the grain at the top of your screen when it's open, it'll let you rename it! And Gitweb itself should present you with some basic instructions on setting up a webkey to push code to it. I still find it amazing that AWS doesn't offer any way to hardcap your billing and cut off service. I feel that the *aaS model is obsolete. I don't think it was ever particularly good in the first place, but it was convenient, and of course, quite profitable for the providers. But it has security problems, privacy problems, and leaves users out of control of the platform they are using. And in many cases it's an excuse to charge a subscription fee for something where a one-time charge will do. Service-oriented infrastructure is a distinctly consumer-unfriendly way to operate. In an age of poor Internet speeds and insufficient PC processing power, the 'cloud' may have briefly made sense. But I think we're well past the point where it does, and consumers should have better options. The great part about Sandstorm (to me), is that people happy to have cloud hosting services, can, and people who want to self-host, can, and both can use the same apps and software without a problem. Companies that want to pay for a managed hosting service can, and companies that want (or need) everything on premises can, and they can both use the same apps and software. I'd really love to know. Because if I could get AWS-like service with the ability to have it cut off if my bill gets to say... three times my usual monthly... That'd be worth switching for the peace of mind. But is that agility good for consumers? In my world, it's not. I deal with a lot of seniors, and you know what they hate? How people in Silicon Valley feel obligated to move stuff around every six weeks. In fact, most people not in Silicon Valley hate it. And something like Sandstorm puts the user in control of whether or not their stuff changes. Someone can have auto-update on, and have the latest everything, and someone else, even on the same server, can choose to keep a stable version that does what they need. I think you just noticed what Sandstorm is, in part, created to do: Make open source solutions competitive. Sandstorm, as-is in beta, already allows me to do more than I can do with Google Drive. To my needs, it's not just competitive... It's winning. I still feel like you're assuming modern SaaS companies changing things behind the scenes "improves" the experience. Those sorts of mindsets are why my views on Google has heavily soured over the years, the same way my feelings soured about Facebook. But I definitely agree that consumer education is key. :) I kinda miss the copy/paste link for certain types of documents. But yeah, sometimes the assurance is nice that absolutely no matter what you need my account to log into something, even if I happen to have a URL in a screenshot or something like that. Well, first of all, I can run the sorts of apps directly on Sandstorm that I might otherwise have to order AWS or GCE style hosting for. I can publish a website out of this as Drive is actually retiring that functionality. Also, unlike many Drive apps, where I have to share my information with a third party provider, or "trust" the app, Sandstorm doesn't let my apps betray me. Privacy is inherent in the design. But the key thing, is if I don't like my host, I CAN LEAVE. I am at the point that I loathe storing my data with Google. I love Gmail, and I wish I could take it with me and put it on a server run by a company I trust. But I can't do that. With Sandstorm, I can. I can run the app I want on the host I want. I have control of my app, my experience, and my data. Google ruins my experience on a weekly basis. They change things without my permission that breaks my workflow and makes it hard for me to go about my day. I KNOW my Sandstorm hosting will do what I want it to do. Google can't do any of this for me. I believe they intend to support that in the future, yes. I know Hackpad has been excitedly discussed on #sandstorm before. I use the manual filters. The supposed intelligent crud is a hindrance and I've largely shut it off. Gmail is a great web mail client, nothing more. The big issue, is your much talked about data and heuristics are unreliable. Since Google changes their software or algorithms without my permission, I can't rely on any of them. I know they want to heavily support the "pay what you want" model, as a way to appreciate and reward open source developers for their work. Proprietary apps are supported too, kentonv mentions in-app payments specifically. Source: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10150249 kentonv answers that mostly here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10150249 The 'Hacker CMS' app is actually based on Jekyll, I believe. It can be a bit kludgy at times, but works. If you request on the sandstorm-dev list (it's a Google Group) an app, someone might want to port it, or add it to the app voting list. If you're developer-inclined, you can even package apps yourself, Sandstorm has pretty decent dev tools. Though, depending on what you want to monitor, the ideal drivers to let the app talk to things outside of Sandstorm may not be ready yet. Being able to delete and rename grains and stuff from the list is something I've been nudging them about. :) Yesterday in particular Oasis was under heavy load from HN, if you clicked on New Wekan a bunch of times before it did it, it might have made a bunch. Usually it's near instant so this sort of thing doesn't happen. paulproteus will love all your feedback. He likes feedback. :D I don't know why someone changing the font in their logo should ever be HN's top news item. There is definitely more interesting stuff going on in tech this week. Holo was supposed to be the unified Android design for all time, and it barely lasted two years. Even after the "Material" thing, Google has inconsistently applied it's supposed golden standard, and some Material elements, like the FAB, have actually been REMOVED from Google Keep in favor of the more Holo-esque bottom action bar, for example. Material Design will probably be suddenly replaced by something with an equally trendy name when Google needs more PR. I think they just don't worry about it. Some Google sites still look like they did six years ago. They just make sure their big sellers that they're currently marketing look new. EDIT: Can someone tell me how this comment is somehow objectionable? It's not like every app they publish on the Play Store or every site they have at *.google.com is using Material. Agreed, I didn't feel there was a lot of meat here. We know Google collects more data, and they have more staff working on search than Microsoft does. Their algorithms are better, sure. That being said, I tend to use Bing, and just go to Google when Bing fails me. It's not that often. The only major weakness Bing seems to have is searching Google websites, and I doubt that's completely unintentional. Being able to do everything with SVGs is admittedly nice. But if Google was worried about performance on small screens and in low-bandwidth contexts, we wouldn't have Material design, as it's animations have quite a bloated effect on performance. Particularly on devices with low power/low processing. Page loads on desktops for some Google sites are up to ten seconds now. But yes, most redesigns are done just for the heck of it. I have a pretty uncharitable opinion of design and designers too, if only because very few Silicon Valley designers seem to have any idea how the users experience (and hate) their work. (I remember back when I heard about Google doing heavy testing with normal users before making changes, and it's very clear that that stopped when Duarte stepped in.) I would be cool if everything was done with SVGs and styles that could be efficiently accomplished with SVGs. But I do kinda miss the more... Windows XP-style design. They actually do. Back when I had a Nest, I got $100 from ComEd for signing up for, and then $40 for keeping signed up all summer, for a program where they could go in and tweak my thermostat up a few degrees during peak load to prevent brownouts. They specifically said they went with a larger display so they can detect when you enter the room and display the temperature in a font size you can see from anywhere in said room. It's definitely better without the plate, but if you have a giant hole in your drywall, or it's not painted there, or what-have-you, it's nice to have the option in the interim. Read this, and could immediately state: No major movie or television content will ever be released in this format, whatever it turns out to be. This is still my favorite demonstration of the concept and coverage of the topic: http://everythingisaremix.info/watch-the-series/ It's definitely cool if we get to a point where Microsoft, Mozilla, and Google aren't each pushing their own video codec in their respective browsers. If this ends that, I'm all for it. Though as long as it isn't proprietary and DRM'd to crud, you won't see any support from Hollywood. I feel this is an unnecessary complexity thing. There are much easier things to remember that can be much much harder to brute force. How is this any improvement over 'correct horse battery staple'? Also, other flaws involve needing to meet site-specific password policies. The Amazon one in the article, is probably actually too short of a password for Amazon. And what if your sites requires certain special characters or disallows others? This is pretty interesting. One did say "Not for Public Release UNTIL", so could presumably be intended, but in a lot of cases webmasters probably didn't think something would be found and indexed by Google wherever they put it. And were wrong. I'm not saying I find it a need. (And I can check my phone if I want to know, regardless of what room I'm in.) But that's why they did it. Are you asking how much someone would have to pay me for me to stop? The answer's nothing, leaving Google is it's own reward. Yup. People need to realize that Google Play Services is effectively malware. It steals your data, invades your privacy, tracks your location, and shortens your battery life. It's been twenty seconds for me so far, and this page still isn't loaded. I am giving up, Google. I've already voluntarily stopped using Google Search and Maps. (As well as Drive and several other Google products I used to use.) My contract on my last Android I'll ever make the mistake of buying is up in November, and I'm preparing to shift off of Gmail. (I've been on Gmail for ten years, so shifting to a new address is a royal pain.) This is potentially super-exciting to me, but the big question is: Why does it require an ISY994 for INSTEON? INSTEON has USB adaptors to control INSTEON directly from a PC, and the API is well-documented. This sounds immensely more appealing than dealing with their ad-ridden site. There's some valid points here, definitely. I'm using Windows 10 on most PCs, but not my main PC where I do most things, until Microsoft answers to their telemetry concerns, or I select one of the many telemetry-blocking tools currently out there. But the FSF's usual warlike tone against anything not free software creeps in here heavily, and sours the validity of the article. When I launch the demo, it asks for a login and password. Obviously, I don't have a login and password for this site. I did not see that at all in my 'I didn't read the whole page' exploration, and ended up not really studying further because of it. That might be UI feedback for you, I guess. I'll take another look when I'm at my desk. I didn't read. It's fair to blame me for that, but a lot of potential customers or users won't read. If I had a specific suggestion, I'd say to move the Launch Demo button to right above the Login info subheading. So it's hard to click it without noticing the login section. Well, there's a plethora of HN apps, if you really really want a mobile experience. I'm actually super-happy I don't have to 'request desktop site' when I go to HN on my phone to get a non-responsive site. You're supposed to put it in your profile, not in a submission to HN. "Won’t car rental eventually become the only model of consuming cars?" Arguably, this is Google's vision. But then, I find it equally as preposterous. :) This looks like the OS Google should've been working on instead of Chrome OS. But Sundar is determined to sink Google, it feels like. You know what would sell me on that telemetry being okay? A: Ironclad consent. It doesn't happen unless you opt in, and we don't 'assume' the user is okay with it. B: The telemetry itself, is also open. A public dashboard of all data collected, complete datasets freely available. Basing this on Internet traffic seems... overly simplistic. Particularly on the Republican end, a lot of people simply don't do social and stuff. Or even go online. And of course, Bernie is going to top the charts because he's an Internet crowd favorite, so the results there are skewed as well. It's about dominant position. Having the sort of stifling monopoly that Google has opens it up to additional regulation, just like Microsoft was before it. Apple is a niche market still, to this day, and isn't under as much scrutiny. Dell actually has multiple lines of their products that they sell with officially supported Ubuntu now. And you don't pay for the Windows license, so you save a few bucks. People acting like this is a "Russia against the West" thing are ignoring the fact that the EU, India, Brazil, and others are all conducting similar investigations, which are likely to have the same result. And the US even found merit to investigate Google, before quietly burying the case. Exactly, this isn't about Android, the open source OS, this is about the Play Store, Google's proprietary service, and the secretive contracts Google mandates surrounding it. It's not a search monopoly, it's an Android monopoly. And they're abusing that monopoly to increase their market share in search. You're looking at the wrong monopoly! See my response to other commenter on parent comment. Absolutely. I badly need a wildcard cert to do any of the SSL-ing I'd like to do. Bing just got more popular on XP SP2 machines. All five of them. It amazes me how much web performance has actually gone DOWN even as Internet speeds go up. Even Google pages can take upwards of ten seconds of load time now. Coming from a company that made a big deal about how speed matters and they were going to punish slow-loading websites. And this isn't even uncommon, this is just how the web is being made now. 8.1 and 10 run incredibly well even on very old hardware. I will agree a given Windows install may feel slower over time, and it makes sense to rebuild the PC occasionally, though that may, again, be less so with 8.1 and 10. I'm still trying to figure out why having everything dumped in one big pile is something worth bragging about. I'd far rather have code sorted well into proper repositories. From my perspective, at least, this design seems to explain why Google websites are so frequently broken in the ways different services integrate. Because Googlers edit shared resources that affect products they don't personally work on, and they just trust automated tests, which almost certainly miss a lot of the edge cases I encounter. I admit that I'm not an expert at large software development, but this seems to nearly fully explain Google's declining code quality. Is Google going to split this out of their infrastructure, or is this whole separation between "Alphabet" companies and "Google" really just a marketing ploy for no change at all? I'd really like to know how those 500 Chromebooks are doing in a year. I'm just saying I'd like to see how it goes long-term. Particularly in terms of TCO. Google, AFAIK, doesn't have any vendors making Toughbook-style Chrome OS machines yet. I think Microsoft has tried to address this with 8/10, which have a "refresh" feature, which tries to clean out everything besides Modern apps and your personal data. Sure, but then the question is which lasts longer: Five Chromebooks or one toughbook? :D I think it's gotten better over time, but non-technical users have an incredible willingness to push buttons they shouldn't. Unfortunately, your options are to either cripple your product's functionality (Chromebook) or accept that users have the power to do things that they shouldn't. I vastly prefer the latter, and I think the latter is better for consumers, in fact, as well. But to each their own. Or just don't buy phones with an OS that the OS developer can't actually patch. Buying Android is buying poor security. I just don't understand this wireless craze. I get that normal consumers buy into it, but for anyone mildly technically inclined, nobody should be using wireless anywhere they can avoid it. Wireless is just a messy solution. The only wireless devices I use at home are my phones. I wouldn't call it 'free speech'. That's what Google is marketing it as, but it's really 'privacy law'. Nothing about RTBF is about preventing people from speaking, people are still free to put whatever they want on the Internet, wherever they want to. However, stories which violate an individual's privacy which do not have relevance to the public interest are being restricted from being a permanent stain on their reputation. (And the only potential First Amendment issue in the US, is because somehow the Citizens United decision gives our companies Constitutional rights, which is silly.) Arguably, France's problem with Google's refusal to implement this globally is that Google doesn't prevent French users from visiting other countries' Google websites, like say, google.ca. So Google isn't really providing a good faith effort to uphold the French law, even in France. I have a couple loose Ethernet lines running about for laptops. Sometimes I use them on Wi-Fi, but only if it's momentary. Sometimes I'm amazed how much better consumer hardware seems to perform over enterprise wireless hardware. I just haven't seen an enterprise wireless device I was impressed with. Mind you, I assume enterprise hardware prioritizes security over performance, whereas consumer devices prioritize performance over security. RTBF is primarily meant to redact "untrue" information, so, I find your first response to be... somewhat questionable. In many cases, what RTBF is blocking is libel. I suppose the notion of "information not relevant to the public interest" may fall under the debate, but most of the claims of "censorship!!!!" clearly focus on concerns that are NOT affected by RTBF laws. Google's search algorithm has no right to free speech, actually, unless we'd like to define it as an artificial person and grant it Constitutional rights too. I don't know if I feel like that would hold up in court. Google's algorithm isn't helping individuals at Google construct speech, it's arguably collecting it's own data and presenting it's own results, merely according to guidelines it was taught or programmed with. It's not meant to indicate it's impossible to have both fast and secure, but in terms of where a company's focus is on improving their product. Many more resources are invested in improving security in an enterprise product than performance. If that occurs, that is only through Google's negligent implementation of the law, and not through an issue with the law itself. Bearing in mind that Google itself is in charge of deciding what links meet the criteria to censor. From your own source: "applies where information is inaccurate (aka, false), inadequate, irrelevant or excessive. Source: Your own link. I'm saying the law clearly defines was does, and does not qualify. If Google is blocking sites that as you say, are things like negative reviews of your business, then Google is not following the RTBF law. Some Google pages have load times now upwards on ten seconds on Firefox, this is to me, what makes this statement so hilarious. Sorry, "Brillo" was Google's "wait a minute, we have to own the home automation standard, we can't be compatible with others!" Neither Google nor Apple behave themselves well enough to provide the standard in home automation. IFTTT is a third-party cloud service where you give a random startup access to all of the devices in your house. Far from a good idea, and more likely an eventual security nightmare. I mean, if you're willing to agree that Google is not trustworthy enough to make these sorts of determinations themselves, on that we can agree. The only real problem with RTBF law is that Google is allowed to decide, rather than a judge. That bears the question of whether or not the law will select the right standard, or be able to change it when practical. For instance, with USB Type-C coming out, with EU law be permissive of this transition? Or will the EU requirement adapt to allowing Micro-USB and Type-C for a while, and then eventually mandate Type-C? That's a very helpful explanation, thank you. Google+ on Firefox is a great example. If you use Firefox, it'll actually cause Firefox to seize and lock up for several seconds while it loads. I think it's absolutely crucial private citizens have this right, to not be permanently judged in a court of public opinion for things outside of their control, dictated by a search engine. I don't know if I'd say it's really the same. There's tons of drawing apps, but this is much more of a nostalgic thing, and it's for kids. Also, it's open source, which is a huge draw. (I'm going to be porting it to a web platform... probably tonight, I'm excited.) I love the heck out of this. You mean like how Google is a big time donor to quite a few Congresspeople, who write letters and vote on behalf of Google in our Congress? See Anna Eshoo: Her biggest donor is a Google employee, and she's literally written a letter defending Google to the EU Parliament on Congressional letterhead, signed by a bunch of other Congresspeople, many of whom also had their campaigns at least partially supported by Googlers. Unfortunately, buying off Congresspeople is currently legal. It doesn't make it any less horrifically immoral. And anyways, your comment is irrelevant, as I was responding to the parent comment. The parent commenter suggested that Google was not one of those "egregious abusers of the system" that exploits the system by buying off legislators. Unfortunately, that isn't true, as I've demonstrated here, by proving Google has certainly heavily paid legislators (via "donations"), who have in turn advocated DIRECTLY for Google. Hi Ray. Remember how I told you exactly how the MADA was an illegal violation of antitrust law? And now multiple countries worldwide are investigating Google on exactly those claims? - Jacob Weisz I disagree the situation would be worse without Google. In China, where Google isn't competing, there are more platforms available. The only non-Google Android devices that have an appreciable market share are able to thrive. And as for using 'user experience' as a justification for Google's contracts: Why is Nexus still so unpopular if Google's so good at UX? And as for using 'security' as a justification for Google's contracts: Why doesn't the MADA contain anything about security update requirements, and why are so many Androids with Google Apps still vulnerable to Stagefright and even old versions of OpenSSL with Heartbleed? Yeah, I can't see Google ever either open sourcing Hangouts, or making it possible to federate it. Google's opinion seems to be that everything that is a service or protocol should be a Google API. This cycle is just starting, check 2014 for a mpre accurate accounting, blisterpeanuts. Opensecrets.org is where I pull my data too. She took in four times that last term, and Google was her biggest sponsor. Google didn't really "provide" it. By open sourcing it, anyone can use it, Amazon has no reason to thank them. On the contrary, Google has used the "incompatible" excuse to refuse to let Kindle users have access to Google Apps. I think Amazon is fighting back with their strength (Amazon.com) against device platforms that use similar tactics but are much larger in the device market. Whether it's a good idea, that's questionable. Google is violating antitrust law, but by doing this... so is Amazon. If Amazon is the aggressor, why isn't Play Movies or the Chromecast app available on the Amazon Appstore? Surely Amazon would've liked Kindles to work with Chromecast. I think you're missing the reason for this fight. Yeah, but Google's being investigated by the FTC for how they restrict usage of Google Apps. The primary aggrieved party there is Amazon, who's been unable to offer the Play Store on their Kindle devices. Google should want to make this fight go away without the FTC, because it shines a light on Google's own misdeeds. This seems to me to just be a desire for lawlessness. Obviously when the Internet wasn't a major backbone of communications and civil society, that was possible. But it no longer is. We are now in a world where the Internet is no longer above the law. Seems like they're starting off with this new statement on a sour note since half the major governments in the world are investigating them right now for violating antitrust law. Is that not the point? Corporations are, almost naturally, evil. Trying to not be would be a constant battle. And arguably, Google failed a few years ago already. *By tracking every single one of them. Which is, pretty much, evil. Well, if Google purports to uphold the law, all of the above. It has to operate legally in every country it wants to do business. In this case, I was speaking of antitrust though, where Google has used contracts that cross the line to exert control over the industry. Another one for ourincrediblejourney.tumblr.com Another one for http://ourincrediblejourney.tumblr.com/ This is kinda awesome. I'd be tempted if I didn't already have a great new job. Being from Chicago, how bad an Antarctica really be? The biggest problem with SaaS for seniors is that they expect the buttons to not move. Anything with continuous deployment like Google anything, basically sucks for seniors. I get a call from an old lady every time the AOL website moves a button, for serious. The key point is that if you own software on your PC, it doesn't change at all. It only changes when the user allows an update to occur. Web software changes spontaneously and breaks your workflow on a regular basis. Seniors' understanding of how computers work is rarely flexible enough to adapt to this. As someone generally critical and untrusting of Google, I assumed if you asked Google to delete your voice recordings, they actually did delete it. Kinda amazed that they don't. I suspect this as well. Google doesn't want people to stop buying Chromebooks, even if Chrome OS, in the form it is, only has two years of life left. As much as it's often panned, Insurrection is the most Star Trek of Star Trek movies. It's about the Prime Directive at it's core. The Undiscovered Country is also a great example of a movie about diplomacy. Sure, every movie is going to be action-packed for film screens, but those two I felt stuck to Star Trek's ideals more than the rest, where the movie focused on stopping a specific evil villain. People love to make the Netflix comparison, but it's generally silly. First-run, current-season material is vastly more expensive than the backlogs and cheap movies Netflix buys. You couldn't/wouldn't want to pay for how much current TV shows would cost in commercial free. Netflix works because they only buy cheap content. Web-only may be a great choice for a scifi series these days though. Nielsen ratings are harsh on traditional TV scifi shows since so many of us watch online. Enterprise was just badly written for much of it's run. Season 4 was an excellent example of how Enterprise could've been done very well, but unfortunately it was way too late to save the show.