I do not believe they have a monoply any more. a few years ago they where much more prolifict, I paid for ALOT of things via paypal. in the last 5 years I have made 0 transactions on paypal. With Amazon, Stripe, and others merchant solutions, as well as Apple and Google geting into the game soon for webpayments in addition to app paymets I do not believe the reliance on paypal as a quick way to process credit cards for business is as high as it was, further the reluctance for consumers to enter their credit card data never really materialized. Currently I think a business that only has PayPal as a payment option is harming their business, while you might keep it around for those few users that still only want to use paypal if I see an option to use anything other than paypal I will take it. Independent Auditing happens in all kinds of industries and for all kinds of reasons There is no reason a neutral 3rd party can not review logs, software, or other data to ensure in house ad metrics are accurate. >>Shadow of Mordor is near unplayable) Really because I have played over 200 hours, seems to work just fine in my Arch Linux system... Let see Top 10 Games by play hours, all on native linux (no WINE) 1. Borderlands 2 2. Shadow of Mordor 3. Cities Skylines 4. Civ V 5. Stellaris 6. Borderlands Pre-sequel 7. Space Run 8. X-Com 9. Wasteland 2 10. Race the Sun Plus I just bought like 10 or so titles on Steam Summer Sale, all Linux but have not had time to play them. Solar2, universe Sandbox 2, Tropico 5, Portal 2 are a few of those. >>But please let's not portray Linux as a viable gaming OS. I game exclusively under Linux now, if the game is not available for Linux native I will not buy it. I no longer own any Windows Computers. I see so not only do you have to play exclusively AAA titles now you have to play at 4K in order for you to be called a "gamer" according to dogma1138 Talk about moving the goal posts For the Record, Most windows systems struggle to play games at 4K unless you have 2 980TI's in SLI or the new 1080, my system could not play Shadow of Mordor @4K if I installed windows, linux has nothing to do with it Further I am not selling out the money for a 4K display, I have 4 1080p monitors, and 1 1920x1600 hooked to my system, I play games on the 1920x1600 It runs just fine at that resolution on a couple generation old card. Not really... There are several I have on my wishlist but are still more than I want to spend.. >Also how come you don't run windows Because I find windows to be technologically inferior >but somehow have no problem with a closed source OS (SteamOS) and a closed source platform (Steam) with always on DRM taking over gaming on Linux? While I do support open source, I do not choose Linux simply because it is open source. I work in a windows shop, if windows was not a steaming pile of shit I would not have a job. When I get home I want my computer to simply work, the way I want it to work, with out problems or having fucking update popups every 5 mins, or having driver issues (yes I infact have more driver issues on windows than Linux, party because I ensure I select hardware that is supported by the Kernel before I buy something so hardware is never an issue for me) I choose Linux because for me it is the best computing experience for my workflow, not simply because it is open source. I have only installed SteamOS once, and do not currently have any system running it, I use Arch Linux for any Desktop Systems, and some dev servers. CentOS for all Production Servers, and I dabble in all the others. As for DRM, while steam does have DRM not all games use it, People often confuse SteamDRM with the other features of the Platform. Steam is a Application Library that has DRM, I have never had an negative experience in relation to SteamDRM so it does not really bother me. You have seem to confused me with RMS or something. This argument is about like asking why I use the Nvidia Closed source Drivers... Hell maybe that is your problem with Shadow, you are attempting to use the nouveau drivers Linux support for oculus started to Decline when John Carmack joined the company and the final nail in the coffin was the Sale to Facebook, anyone that thought linux would be supported after those 2 events are ignorant to the history of computing As for Valve and their Lack luster support of SteamOS, again you have to look at history, and why Valve started the SteamOS project, they do not have some Philosophical need to support an OpenSource Operating system, When Widnows 8 was announced it clearly looked like Ballmer was going to turn MS into Apple, and close the ecosystem. This was a direct threat to Valve's business model, so they responded as any company would with an attempt to diversify and at the same time control the platform for themselves. With Ballmer Leaving, Windows 8 almost universally being rejected by consumers and business, and the release of the More Open and Traditional Windows 10 the "need" for SteamOS (in Valves eyes)has lessened considerably, which is why Valve has not pushed it as strong as they did a couple years ago. They still recognize the Risk being primary on Windows as such they will not kill the project but the "New Microsoft" seems to be embracing being more open than at any point in MS history so.... Including having their own Linux "distro" for Software Defined Networking, and working directly with RedHat and Canonical I get overruled almost on a weekly basis, there are ALOT of things I wish my company would do different, I make these suggestions, I explain my reasoning, and if my boss accepts my reasons and approves the change happens, if not well thats the breaks. He may have a perfectly valid reason why what I suggest will not work for reasons unknown to me that is why he is management and I am not (thank god) I however never circulate a petition to my coworkers asking is they agree with me, or my boss. I never circulate a petition to my coworkers and then present it to my boss as if my work place was some kind of democracy in which is my coworkers all agree then my bosses veto is somehow over ruled. >>>I seriously doubt that firing them was the best way to teach them anything. It should have taught them that when you are a new employee and something you request is denied, that is the end of it. You do not circle the wagons and attempt to force the issue. It should have taught them that the work place is a heirachy with Interns at the bottom, It should have taught them that the real world is a cold ruthless place and your feels are irrelevant. >that includes the damage done to young tech workers asked to work 80+ hour weeks for months on end at no cost to the employer over a 40 hour week. That is not really a union issue, what we need is a few tech workers to push for IRS Exemption rules and sue over it, to get some clear established case law on who and who is not exempt from overtime. The IRS and DOL have been woefully derelict in their guidance on this issue, and I personally believe that many of the IT workers that are classified as exempt today should not be. >regulation exempting "computer professionals" broadly from overtime pay in 2003. I am aware, I am also aware the "computer professional" is narrowly defined and simply because you work with a computer does not make you a "computer professional" I am aware of several companies that do not classify their employees properly >> Workers should do it ourselves. Workers should by refusing to work those jobs, I myself am Salaried Non-Exempt. I personally disagree with the concept of unions, and find they are often worse over the long term Netflix today is using EME. If you access Netflix on Chrome (including in Linux), or IE11 in Win8 or higher you will be using the Netflix EME based Player, using MS PlayReady, or Googles Widvine CDM. >>>I don't know why this is news. if you read the post by the company they clearly explain why this should be news. the fact that twitter allows at least one company to do this already IMO is enough to make ti news. Why can Politwoops exist but not this site? In todays shaking legal ground, it would not shock me if Twitter could not get some Agency in the federal government to Arrest the founders/programmers/executives of the site under CFAA and charge them with criminal felonies If your nation has a extradition Treaty with the US I would be cautious as well... US has been very good of late about charging people that have never been to the US for violation of US laws online. It is bullshit but it seems many nations refuse to protect their citizens from harassment by the US legal system This will not always save you. If a company uses the "Fulfilled by Amazon" service they ship their stuff to amazon and it is co mingled with all of the other SKU's purporting to be the same item, including Amazons own stock Clearly you do not understand how Amazon Warehouses work Just because you buy someing from Seller A, even if Seller A is Amazon LLC, you may not be getting stock from Seller A If I am A retailer selling SuperWidget 55, and I ship Amazon 100 Genuine SuperWidget's to store in their warehouse for amazon to ship to my customers (aka Amazon Fulfillment Service) . Then another competitor ship 100 Fake SuperWidgets to amazons warehouse. All Amazon records is they have 200 SuperWidgets. When a Customer orders a SuperWidget, they will get what ever SuperWidget is closest to their location, and a random one from that location, it may not be my SuperWidget but one of the 100 fake ones, even though the customer selected to order from me. So then the next question is why would a retailer use Amazon Fulfillment, well if you want to get any Prime buyers you must, as if you do not use Amazon Fulfillment your orders are not "Prime Eligible" which eliminates a huge number of consumers. >>> Torrent sites only host torrent files; They do not even host those any more All of the Torrent Sites are only Indexers of Magnet Links, no different than google. The BT Client then takes the Magnet Link, downloads the torrent file from peers in the network. When you Click on a download link from KAT nothing is downloaded from their server, it is simply a protocol link that tells your BT client what file you want. It is Technologically No different than a HTTP url, so if KAT if violating Copyright law then every other Search Engine is as well >>>Plus its all legal and protected, Sorry but Ripping BluRays is not legal under the DMCA even if you are doing for a "backup". >>>You can try but you'll never be able to rationalize stealing from someone. Especially when you use someone(s) else's actions to try to justify stealing from them. The supporters of a too-strict, repressive form of copyright often use words like “stolen” and “theft” to refer to copyright infringement. This is spin, but they would like you to take it for objective truth. Under the US legal system, copyright infringement is not theft. Laws about theft are not applicable to copyright infringement. The supporters of repressive copyright are making an appeal to authority—and misrepresenting what authority says. To refute them, you can point to this real case which shows what can properly be described as “copyright theft.” Unauthorized copying is forbidden by copyright law in many circumstances (not all!), but being forbidden doesn't make it wrong. In general, laws don't define right and wrong. Laws, at their best, attempt to implement justice. If the laws (the implementation) don't fit our ideas of right and wrong (the spec), the laws are what should change. A US judge, presiding over a trial for copyright infringement, recognized that “piracy” and “theft” are smear-words. https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/words-to-avoid.html#Theft As a libertarian I would never work for Government Especially the IRS. >>You often need permission, then pay royalties, to copyright holders. That is the theft. You operate under the idea that I believe they are entitled to these things, I do support or believe copyright is ethical, I do not believe the government has the ethical authority to tell me how I can arrange the bits on my hard disk, I do not believe the government has the ethical authority to grant a person or company the monopoly on an idea or arrangement or words, notes, or images AMD had about as much of a Chance at breaking in the to Intel Dominated OEM market as Linux had to become the default operating systems on all Consumers PC's MS and Intel both put EXTREME pressure and incentives on OEM (and both were accused of Anti-Trust Violations) to keep their defacto monopolies >> That's unacceptable in 2016. The fact that simple Banner ads are no longer acceptable is the reason I use uBlock Orgin.... >>But posting your child's naked photo on Facebook will get you account banned instantly and if you are US based can get you in a lot of trouble Citation on the Legal Case law that now lists a Child Bath time photo as Child Porn that can get you into "lot of trouble" in the US No in the US the 1st amendment protects you from Government Prosecution, codifing the Concept of Freedom of Speech into the very foundation of our Legal System Freedom of Speech however is a concept that applies to everyone, and everything including Google Companies that proclaim the desire to respect Freedom of Speech, that claim to operate platforms in the promotion of Freedom of Speech, and make a profit doing so, should be HEAVILY criticized when they violate that principle Data Security and Privacy are never going to be convenient. If someone does not respect their own security and privacy enough to do their work themselves they can never enjoy privacy and security, as by definition if you are not setting up and maintaining the systems, you are giving up control of your privacy and security to a 3rd party, be that Google, MS, Apple, or some other "Trusted" party This gets into the whole debate over who owns, or should own, your data IMO I should have the right to access, and authorize 3rd parties to access, data stored about me even if it is on a 3rd party platform like facebook. If Facebook does not want to allow Me or my authorized agents to access this data then facebook;s only recurse should be to prevent me from using their platform AND delete any and all they have collected about me. Here Facebook wants to control how my data is used, stored, and disseminated. they want the ability to Prevent me or my Authorized Agents from access my data, but they do not want to be forced to delete said data. I am a strong advocate of strong Data protection, access, and Right to Know laws. Authorization is the key question, for me Power Partners was authorized, by the USER, that should be all the Authorization they need. Facebook should be sending notices and cancelling the accounts of the USERS that authorized Power Partners, not be going after power partners directly. This... I hate being slow rolled to idea or opinion.. If you have criticism about my work come out with it, I am not some delicate little snowflake, if there is better way I want to know. So did the credit reporting agencies until laws were passed requiring them to give people access, and a path to correct inaccurate info. Now these are hardly perfect, but I think this idea needs to be expanded to all companies that store PII about you. For example I do not have a Facebook account, but I am sure they have data about me, I have no way of ascertaining what info they have, or the accuracy of the info, and they could in time be selling that inaccurate info to agencies or other parties that could impact my life in some manner. Facebook is hardly the only one, and actually is far from the most egregious when it comes to the potential of screwing up your life. There are many companies most people have never heard of that take data from all kinds of sources, some with out any kind of actual verification and compile massive databases on people for sell to anyone.. Stalkers, Creditors, Employers, etc etc etc. I view employment different than most people I have found anyway Trust has nothing at all to do with it, nor does ownership as the article implies as I do not own any of the idea's or work I produce for my employer. That is the purpose of my employment, I trade my skills, knowledge and experience for currency. My employer trusts my boss that is the only Trust that is required, I give my input based on how I see things, if they accept it great, if they want to go another route or use a different idea that is fine as well. I do not have these types of emotional attachments to my work HUH???? Seems like you are attempting to construct some kind of terrible and very specific straw man. I believe I explained my position fully, and your comment does not pose any additional information or questions that requires any more comments than i have already made, if you would like to try again I will be happy to respond. I do not believe I advocated for anything like that. In this case The data was either Scraped via downloading the HTML pages, or used Facebooks API with the users permission. I believe that should be all that is required is the user permission, if the USER does something that is a violation facebook policy then the recourse should be banning of the User, and removal of all data for that user. Facebook does not want that however. So you see Facebook does not have to provide anything, but they can not pick and choose what a person does with the data they are storing about them. That said there is one Data Service I do believe should be required, I should be able to request my data from any company to be delivered to me in some kind of Machine Readable format. XML, JSON, some other structured format. This could be only on Condition of Closing my account, or some other string attached, but I should be able to get access to this data. >>The TSA was created for legit safety/security purposes. No >> The answer is not regressing to poorly trained and poorly organized DIY security operations. The answer lies in not giving up essential liberty for promises of safety The goal of Terrorism is to scare people so badly they give up their own way of life "voluntarily" because they are scared, in that the terrorist have won It is not simply that Getty is attempting to charge for the Photos But rather Getty is Claiming Copyright over the photos, and are Issue Cease and Deist letters to anyone they find using the photos that did not pay Getty for a License. So regardless of the status of Public Domain or not, Getty is not the Copyright Holder, and should not be issuing DMCA, or other Demand Letters claiming they are. >sick that I have to vote for the least worst one. Of course you dont, There are 2 Other people on the ballot in Most states given you 4 options. I personally will be voting for Gary Johnson this year. (as i did in 2012) >>People always say they want open source, support, locally manufactured products etc. but then they seem to take pretty much any excuse possible not to support it. I think you confuse the 2 vocal groups, it is not normally the same people Wanting Locally Manufactured products and wanting Cheap Knock offs, even if both want Open Source I Love opensource, but I have little respect nor desire to support Arduino LLC, and will happily buy the cheapest board, I will also support projects and vendors by paying a premium if I feel it is worth it. >Retailers also take quite a big piece of the pie from smaller manufacturers. Margins are these boards are very very thin, this is why Retailers like SparkFun, Adafruit and other are making their own Arduino Compatible boards because it is more profitable, It is not true that the retailer is taking a "big piece" of the pie selling Aurdinuo LLC licensed boards. this is also why other Platforms are starting to replace the what I consider Overpriced Aurdinuo. I have been starting to use ESP8266 based boards (like NodeMCU) for example. If I want a $40 board I am using a rPI not an Aurdinuo... >>Of course, this isn't the case when you are contracted by the government to develop software for them...I'm not going to say let's ban shrinkwrapped software in the government Shrinkwrapped software != bespoke software that is contracted to be developed for the government IMO any software that is contracted to be developed by the government should be public domain, if the government "owns" the software then in reality the public "owns" it... after all the government is "for the people, by the people" right... This does preclude the government from licensing the USE of software (like Windows, Office, etc) that is a completely different debate. However if the government is contracting with a company for the company to build custom software the exclusive use of the government they yes that should be Public domain. That is not how location services work, you always at least 3 data points, Lat, Lon and Accuracy http://dev.maxmind.com/geoip/geoip2/web-services/#location It is up to the Developer to do sanity checks on the Accuracy for their type of application. in some instances just knowing it came from the US or some other country is accurate enough. To claim they should simply not return any data if they do not have an accuracy level to your arbitrary standards would make the service useless IMO Max Mind is not the problem here, people taking the data and using it as if it is accurate to 1in is the problem. Geo-location data on IP address has NEVER EVER been that accurate, NEVER. The fact the law Enforcement, Consumers and others use this data as the sole data point then act on that data is the problem, not that Max Mind Returned a Lat Lon to the center of the US So at what level do you believe these service to be Accurate to before returning data? 10mi? 1mi? 50feet? If they can not tell me what room in my home I am located should they simply return "the moon" as my location? Different Services use this data for different reasons, some times simply knowing what nation the IP is from is enough, but you believe they should return "the moon" if all they can determine it is came from with in the US? >Ideally they'd offer version of the service that gives a probability 'heat map' that is not "ideal" at all, one of the first uses of this data was for real time CC fraud Detection, giving a computer processing CC info a graphical "heat map" is less than useless. Most geolocation API data is consumed by computers that use it for many things, not presented to the user directly. >In reality the simplified version would be provided as a service with a default threshold, anything under the threshold would not report a position, but could still report a country ISO code and perhaps state, county as optional extras. It appears you believe this data is only for Human Consumption. If an API is designed to return LAT and LON and Accuracy, then that is what is should return, not an ISO country code. I get you believe no API should be designed this way, but I as a developer that consumes these services prefer it that way, makes it easier to write against I as a developer am asking for Max Mind to give me Lat Lon and Accuracy, not a ISO Country Code or Heatmap > So, a lookup in a geo-ip database should give you an area. Good thing that is exactly what it does. >A common analogy is comparing an IP address to a mailing address or phone number for computers. For most purposes, this analogy is good enough While it is a common analogy, is not "good enough" because it is incorrect, inaccurate, and has lead to a host of problems far removed from this current GeoIP issue. RIAA/MPAA is one of the worst offenders at attempting to equate an IP address to a Physical Address/person for the purpose of civil and legal liability. I believe they are the ones that cemented this very very flawed and incorrect analogy in to the minds of the less technical minded persons The side effect is the Intel and Atheros are better anyway, BroadCom Wifi is utter crap IMO Some ISP turn over their Residential IP Blocks to Blacklist providers to add automatically to the blacklists. ISP state in their TOS you are not to run "servers" from your home connection, as such they simply blacklist all Residential IP;s from the start, because if you are running a email server on a Residential Connection it is either a Botnet, or you are violating the TOS of your plan. Comcast, ATT, you name it. Any of the Big US ISP's Current Comcast AUP ( http://www.xfinity.com/corporate/Customers/Policies/HighSpee... ) >>use or run dedicated, stand-alone equipment or servers from the Premises that provide network content or any other services to anyone outside of your Premises local area network (“Premises LAN”), also commonly referred to as public services or servers. Examples of prohibited equipment and servers include, but are not limited to, email, web hosting, file sharing, and proxy services and servers; Not for everyone, just People on Android and ios mobile devices... I can assure you that you will never have to reboot your laptop before it will work... as it will not work at all on your laptop. It is for Android and iOS only. hmm there are 7 billion people in the world, according to you 1.9 billion use Antroid or iOS. This means there are ~5 billion that do not, thus basic math concludes that this new app is not even for the majority of people and far far far far far from the "everyone" claimed. >the refresh cycle for PCs/Laptops is going to very soon be transitioning from the traditional 2-year cycle to 3-years, and, in the case of desktops, we're going to be seeing people run their systems for 4, even 5 years before considering upgrading. We have been on a 3/5 cycle for the last 10 or so years. (3 year laptop/5year desktop) We are likely moving to a 5/8 cycle with our current hardware. > their dominant computer is their smart phone/phablet, which is being refreshed every two-years, I am seeing less and less people willing to replace their phones on the 18-24 month cycle. The primary reason this occurred originally was cell phone carriers used the "upgrade" to lock people in to an additional 24mo contract. As we see less and less contracts and more people paying for their phones out of pocket or in installments, the replacement window is increasing, I expect by the end of 2017 to see the replacement be 36-48 mos for Cell Phones. This is especially true for any phone priced over ~$350. Most of this comes down to how long the OEM will continue to issue OS Updates for the hardware, if your phone is getting updates to the OS 36mos after you bought it there is likely very little reason to spend another $400 on a phone. We will likely see some Manufacturers/Carries taking the opportunity to screw over their customers by refusing updates after 24 months in order to extort them into a replacement. Hopefully the market responds to these companies by pushing them to bankruptcy but... >>> Apple, Google, and Amazon currently So in your world 2 wrongs make a right... because "everyone else" is doing it is a justification for you? See I was taught from a young age that just because my friends did something incredibly stupid, illegal, or immoral that dis not give me license to commit the offense. While true, this also gets into the ethical, moral and legal obligation a company has when for all practical purposes they have a monopoly on a market segment. This type of action is what got MS is legal trouble in the EU and US in the 90's >>First off, companies do not have ethical or moral obligations at all. Corporations are purely amoral. It's up to customers to penalize them for unethical or immoral actions by refusing to support them. If the customers refuse to stop throwing money at them, it's the customers that are to blame. I completely disagree with this, and believe this type of belief is one of the core problems in society. Corporations are just a social organization of people, and the people of that organization absolutely have ethical and moral obligations. Choosing to join a social organization like a corporation does not absolve you of those obligations. >Secondly, MS does not have a monopoly, except for having an OS that runs software designed to run on Windows, just like Apple has a monopoly for the market of "OSes that run software designed to run on iOS or OSX". Lots of people run Macs rather than Windows-based PCs, and some run Linux. This goes to how you define Monopoly, For most government regulating entities a monopoly is created when a company reaches over 80/90% market share in a given product category, in the 1990's Microsoft was a clear monopoly in the personal computing market. Today that is debatable if you include Smartphones, Tablets and other devices in the Category of "Personal Computers" However simply saying "There is an alternative" does not in fact legally mean there is not a monopoly. For example when Standard Oil was broken up as a Monopoly there were other Oil refinement companies, however their market share was such that they were still considered a monopoly under the legal statues governing monopolies Your analogy to cars is just absurd, Most people do not actively seek an Operating System, they use what ever operating system is supplied by the manufacturer of the devices, one of the MAJOR anti-trust violations MS was charged with was using Vertical Conclusions to lock out alternative operating systems like Linux. Intel was also charged with Anti-Trust violations for attempting use their market dominance to lock out AMD from OEM channels. Car makers did similar things in the early day with Maintenance, accessories and parts. this resulted in MASSIVE regulation of the Automotive manufacturing industry and passage of the Magnuson–Moss Warranty Act which electronics companies today like to pretend does not exist >MS didn't have any legal trouble in the US, ever. They "lost" an antitrust trial in the 90s and the penalty was absolutely nothing, and that trial was all about their OS forcing the bundling of their browser. While it is true that the FTC, as is usual, failed in their duty to the American people, there was much more to the case than simply IE, that however was the most reported on in the Media, and what MS focused on in the PR efforts after the settlement was announced. Sadly with Windows 10, they have back peddled even on these provisions, no longer are browsers able to automatically set themselves as default, a user must navigate to the Default Applications Settings and manually change these. Even when doing so it asks "are you sure" at least 1 time before actually changing the default. Further users report often updates will revert these settings. >>The lesson here is that if you're hoping for the government to step in and save you, you're hopelessly naïve, as proven by history. I am expecting no such thing, I am a libertarian. Geo-Libertarian to be exact. At no point did I say anything about the government saving anyone. The fact I believe corporations have legal and moral obligations have nothing at all do with government. Having said that, given that corporations are government created entries that can not exist with out the legal framework the government created that allows for their existence, I do believe any evil a corporation does can and should be directly attributed to government as they are ultimately the creators and protectors of ever corporation to have ever existed and ever will exist >As I pointed out above, if you don't like Windows, there are viable alternatives now (the alternatives were much worse in the late 90s, now they're actually much better). I have been using Linux since 1999. > If your 3rd-party software vendor doesn't support non-Windows platforms, then maybe you should find a better one. I normally just write my own I dont remember any of the posts Attacking Appelbaum being flagged... So basically your defeatist attitude is simply never to discuss these topics because it is likely impossible to change. Why do you come to places like this to discuss things if you do not actually want to discuss anything. As to what I am going to do about it... as I already stated several times, you seem to keep skipping that parts, I have already left the Microsoft Ecosystem, did many decades ago. that does not mean however I will not continue to address their bad actions publicly when ever I can. You see it as pointless, maybe it is, but silently going into the night is just as pointless There will be a class action over windows 10, and it not assured that MS will win as you seem to think. Sorry that is just not how any of this works. Further your continued instance that MS can literately do anything it wants and if you do not like it "get different software" is less than useless and not relevant. And one other thing, Simply choosing other software is pointless unless you can get the majority of users to follow you or get enough users to make a large enough PR problem for the offending company they must react. (as MS has done several times when complaints have reached critical mass) one way to do that is Continue to bring up this issues in public forums, to educate the users of these software products. One way not to do that is to continue to be a defeatist and say "well the world sucks and is run by sociopaths so i give up" which is what your posts are about >>So why is it only working with CF? Because CloudFlare is basically a MITM Attack.... that is authorized by the website owner. http://blog.ricardomacas.com/index.php?controller=post&actio... https://stirling.co/blog/cloudflare-mitm/ >>Unless your telling me your buying a smart phone and never installing an app. I have a smartphone that does not send info to google or apple. Runs Andriod with no google account, no Google Services, and my app store is FDriod not the play store. You assumption that everyone that owns a smart phone is a icloud user or uses the apple store is ridiculous >>If your company has internal support mechanisms, they might be able to stretch it out further. We do, I have probably ~2,000 systems under management, not a single one of the Apple. We always buy the 3 year extended warranty from the manufactures, and most of the Major Vendors will also sell a 3 year extended hardware support after the extended warrany, giving us 6 years of full hardware support on the systems, after 6 years most of them have been full deprecated by accounting anyway so for year 7 and 8 (desktops only, laptops would have been replaced at that point) we likely just keep a few spares and replace as they fail. >>Did you mean to say that none of the 2000 systems you have under management is an Apple System? Yes >>That would be very unusual for a technology company, where being able to use Apple gear to get work done is a pre-requisite for a lot of engineers considering applying for a job. Where did I say I work for a technology company? We do have alot of Engineers however, Mechanical and Electrical. None of them use Apple. Further I assume by "engineer" you mean software developers, I know a TON of devs that will not touch apple with a 10 foot pole. They us Linux or nothing. Of course I also avoid silicon valley like the black death so.... >Downside, is there isn't the same type of "Onsite, 4 hour repair service" that companies like Dell offer. This is what we have. We use Dell and Lenovo Mainly WHile I despise this new licensing, your redition of history is not correct Monty sold MySQL to Sun, he believed Sun would be good steward of the project, provide it the resources it needed, and allow it to flourish remaining Open Source When Oracle bought Sun, Monty and most of the MySQL devs where very very very very very concerned that Orcale would be detrimental to MySQL going forward so they forked it and founded MariaDB to replace Oracle's mySQL Some of their fears never came to be, but Oracle has closed the development of mysql is many ways, it is not as bad as it was orginally feared, but it no where near as open as it was under Sun. What... no. To believe that MySQL was Sun downfall is extremely ignorant. Mysql was not even Sun's largest project. Further mysql is still extremely popular where mariadb is less so. The fork happened while the sale was happening. It did not have enough time to become profitable. Sun bought Mysql in 2008, they were looking to sell to IBM in late 2008/early 2009, and by April 2009 had a tentative deal with Oracle... If you are "invoicing" the company you are not employee but an independent contractor Contractors never get Paystubs and yes there it is a HUGE red flag (and likely illegal) for a EMPLOYEE to invoice a company for their wages. Didnt this happen like 2 years ago when CoreOS created the Rocket Project? https://github.com/coreos/rkt/ >>>I have no idea what Paypal is trying to achieve by passing on this fairly personal piece of data. For years the Paypal API sucked, and even today their are many companies that do not have full integration with paypal, so this is a way to match payment records as for 99% of shoppers the email address for the order/account will match the paypal email address. 1. Enforcement would not be on "Linux" but would be about a specific section of the code, under which the copyright holder (the dev) is suing. 2. Has no legal basis, something being "Free as in beer" does not make is public domain, that would be easily countered 3. That would probably be more dangerous to the company arguing that then it would be to Linux, since most of the companies that would be targeted by GPL enforcement likely have alot of IP that could also be considered "derivative" It is sad to watch the Tor Project implode. While it in no way impacts the project as I was a very very very very minor user of Tor in the first place, I have removed any and all installations of Tor from my systems, and will no longer donate to or support them in any way Tor has lost their mission, which should have been Privacy above all else. Today they seem to be more focused on Social Justice, and less about privacy. The problem is that the average or "mainstream" person does not care about privacy, or even human rights. Not really. The second they learn that tor can and will be used to spread "hate speech" or the classic CP, Drugs, Terrorism, the "mainstream" will (and is currently) demand that Tor sacrifice privacy in the name of defending Social Justice, stopping terrorism, ending CP, or catching drug dealers. Under new board of Tor, and this new direction I fear Tor will cave to these demands. Edit.. and just to be clear. Social Justice is not the same as Human Rights. People of late seem to be confusing the 2. >>> It is a legal right as well as a human right under under the UN's Universal Declaration of Human Rights You have highlighted the difference between Social Justice, and Human Rights. They kicked or forced out more than Jacob Appelbaum. if I understand the situation correct only 1 person has accusation of rape, The rest of the accusations are unwanted sexual advancements, with at-least one of them having been refuted by the actual "victim" as the report was from a 3rd party to misrepresented the situation. Here is a good Multi-part series that is worth a read through https://contraspin.co.nz/the-weaponising-of-social-pt1-the-c... Clearly you do not follow the Project closely or the inner workings of the Project if you believe Jacob Applebaum was the only person in the project forced or kicked out. There are 3 possibilities here 1. You do not get out much 2. You are very young thus do not have a frame of reference of the time before SJW was a large scale movement 3. You are a Social Justice Warrior, and are infact surrounded by them because of this you believe that is normal. Take your pick The entire governing board. Multiple Major Exit Node operators The old bridge node operator Those are just the people that have spoken publicly about their exit. Many others (given the nature of Tor) are not going to come forward publicly. They simply stop contributing and disappear. Jacob was a distraction and excuse. A Distraction so people would focus on that instead of what was happening with the project A excuse to implement massive Social Justice and what I believe to be long term Pro Government reforms/policies within the project. There is a difference between "taking an exception" and shouting someone down Here are some example in everyday real life that have occurred recently and been recorded, situations like I link below happen every day, and are often never recorded. There are also HUGE numbers of people that self censor so as to not draw that attention of the rabid SJW. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMT3vuSQk3g https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeNJFz-WCZs It should be pointed out, that the people shooting the video believed they were in the right, believe they where showing the world a bigot, or racist, or misogynist. They believe their actions is the proper reaction to encountering such a person. So the question I posit to you is. Do you agree with their actions, would you agree with their actions if the target of their rage would have actually been a racist, or misogynist? If you believe these are proper reactions, and the persons in the video are simply "calling out" behavior they dislike, then you prove my point that you are infact a SJW and can not identify them because of that fact. The people highlighted in the video are I admit extreme example, but not too extreme. SJW is a raising trend, it started probably 10 years or so ago in Universities, and is spread on a massive scale to HR dept's in major companies, and to every day interactions like the ones shown in the video. It is not a conspiracy, it is reality. that is not the only 2 options, It does not need to be a conspiracy for SJW to be a movement. Legal Protections against entrapment are very minimal and not what people think. FBI routinely creates, plots, then recruits people for made up terrorism plots, then arrests them The DEA, in partnership with the ATF, recently ran a operation where they recruited people to rob fake stash houses, then arrested the people that were coerced into the plot Entrapment is often used in prostitution stings as well. None of these instances are tossed by the courts, entrapment is very much alive and well in the legal system >>>>For the most part wether the fbi was operating this server or not the people who visit the server came there out of their own free will in an attempt to acquire child pornography. While true, there are some very significant problems with this. For decades now the basis of the law against viewing child pornography is that each time the image is viewed the child is victimized. Thus by running the server for even 1 second the FBI was, according to the law, victimizing children in order to catch criminals. If you then claim is no children were actually harmed by the FBI's action then one has to start looking at the very foundation of the Child Porn laws. Personally I think the ethical and moral position (and should be the obvious one) is that the FBI should not, under any circumstances, be distributing child porn. Period. Edit: Sources for above can be found in this comment https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12432737 Which part do you believe is fiction? DEA/ATF Fake Stash houses? https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20160809/14081135202/judge... FBI creating their own Terror plots https://www.hrw.org/news/2014/07/21/us-terrorism-prosecution... Or do you disagree that the legal foundation for making the act of viewing/possession (not making or distributing) Child Porn is based in the idea that simply having the child porn is re-victimizing the child depicted Osborne v. Ohio, 495 U.S. 103, 111 "the sentencing judge, who stated “it is a clear reality . . . that every time one of these web sites is opened and every time one of these images is viewed, additional harm is visited upon the victim. " New York v. Ferber >>>The court quoted academic research, which concluded that “Because the child's actions are reduced to a recording, the pornography may haunt him in future years, long after the original misdeed took place.” --- United States v. Blinkensop, 606 F.3d 1110, 1117 (9th Cir. 2010) (affirming the sentencing judge, who stated) >>> “it is a clear reality . . . that every time one of these web sites is opened and every time one of these images is viewed, additional harm is visited upon the victim. ----- FBI and DOJ routinely state the same in Sentencing, victim impact, and other official court and prosecution documents and activities The idea that simply viewing child porn victimizes the child, is infact the legal foundation for its prohibition It is clear and well established fact I do not support the idea of giving police all kinds of exemptions from the law. The police should have no more power than a normal person, they are simply hired and trained to do what normal people do not have the desire to do. This goes back to the foundation of American style governance, For the people by the people. The police are people, as such they are not the masters of anyone, nor are the people subordinate to them. I believe that was answered, the FBI simply ran it on better and faster hardware, with better uptime. I do not believe the FBI continued to operate it as is on the criminals hardware, I believe they took possession of the "server" then likely imaged it and spun up a new instance of the site on the FBI own servers, these servers likely had much better specs, and a much better connection to the internet. The problem with the public outrage however is that is makes any rational discussion almost impossible When the topic of child porn comes up, emotion takes over and logic goes away. One of the largest problems with child porn is the actual definition of child porn. To most people when they hear of child porn, they think of a Person under the age of puberty being forced to engage in a sex act with an adult person. However 2 17 year olds having sex and video taping it is also child porn, they can (and have been) charged with producing, and distributing said child porn Many many many teens were arrested and convicted before states starting passing exceptions to the law, and many states today it is still illegal for a 17year old person to send a nude photo of themselves to another 17year old person, haven forbid a 17 year and 364 day old person send picture to a 17 year and 366 day year old person.... https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20160809/14081135202/judge... >>>>For example, ambulances and firefighters are certainly also allowed to speed, when they're carrying out their duties - we've added exceptions to our laws for those circumstances, and done so as part of the normal democratic process. More mundanely, a park ranger is going to be allowed to do things like not pay the same parking fees that everyone else is allowed to, or cull animals out of season when the general population isn't allowed to hunt. and see I do not agree with these exemptions, or rather I believe it should be acceptable for a normal person to also speed when there is an emergency that would require it. So the Police and Fire are not exempted from the law, it is simply acceptable for all persons to speed when X is happening, and in most instances X would only apply to police and fire. The same is true for park rangers, If there is need to cull animals is should be open to all persons to cull them when the need arises. This is generally true today, as most places will hold a lottery or some other activity to give the public limited access to an area to cull the needed number of animals. >>This is fine! In a democratic society, It is not fine. I will set aside the fact that I am not a strong supporter of democracy, democracy is mob rule, and simply end with a Quote from an essay that I feel should be the Basis for law. ----- The Law by Frédéric Bastiat "What, then, is law? It is the collective organization of the individual right to lawful defense. If every person has the right to defend even by force — his person, his liberty, and his property, then it follows that a group of men have the right to organize and support a common force to protect these rights constantly. Thus the principle of collective right — its reason for existing, its lawfulness — is based on individual right. And the common force that protects this collective right cannot logically have any other purpose or any other mission than that for which it acts as a substitute. Thus, since an individual cannot lawfully use force against the person, liberty, or property of another individual, then the common force — for the same reason — cannot lawfully be used to destroy the person, liberty, or property of individuals or groups. Force has been given to us to defend our own individual rights. Who will dare to say that force has been given to us to destroy the equal rights of our brothers? Since no individual acting separately can lawfully use force to destroy the rights of others, does it not logically follow that the same principle also applies to the common force that is nothing more than the organized combination of the individual forces? If this is true, then nothing can be more evident than this: The law is the organization of the natural right of lawful defense. It is the substitution of a common force for individual forces. And this common force is to do only what the individual forces have a natural and lawful right to do: to protect persons, liberties, and properties; to maintain the right of each, and to cause justice to reign over us all." ---- If you believe in individual freedom at all, then it should be held that the collective force (government) can have no more power than that of an individual, and the government does not have the legitimate authority to grant powers and privileges to one individual (police, fire etc) that are not granted to all individuals. You believe this to be case because you are conditioned by the FBI to believe this is the case. Do you know that every image on this server was the "raping 8-year-olds" kind. Did you personally examine every image? Morality is personal. What you believe to be immoral is not what another person would believe to be immoral. When government attempt to legislate morality is when atrocities and abuse occur. To millions of people in various religions, being gay is immoral, a woman showing her face or hair, is immoral Adult pornography is considered immoral by a large part of the population. Instead of making a case for morality, one should use science and logic to make the case for victimization. Each person has the self evident right to their own body, aka self ownership. We accept this has as the fundamental foundation of Human Rights. Society through science has shown that children are mentally not equipped to make a choice to have sex as such society has prohibited adults from manipulating children into having sex. We also recognize that any time one person forces another with violence to engage in sex is a violation of their person hood. We have grouped these 2 crimes into the category of rape and created punishments for these crimes No morality involved. Using science should also come into play when evaluating the punishment and criminality of viewing or possessing child pornography. Morality and Emotion have no place in the law A private citizen most certainly can detain and subdue person violating the law. Atleast in the US. Now if you do this and the person is not in fact violating the law it will be you being arrested however if I catch someone breaking into my home at 3am I most certainly can use physical force to detain him/her. 1. Based on DOJ and Court rulings what the FBI did here was actual child abuse. The FBI abused children in the course of their investigation. The Official DOJ and US Supreme Court position is that any distribution, or viewing of child porn images is in fact child abuse. As such the FBI running the server is in fact child abuse. 2. Who were these mythical "kingpins" you believe the FBI was seeking, in every case publicly known about prosecution resulting from this operation is about simple possession of child pornography, Not production. From my understanding of the cases not a single child porn producer has been prosecuted, and I believe the FBI has stated most of the images are very old and previously known to the FBI or other agencies. That made that statement to attempt to curb some of the outrage. Given that however it contradics your reasoning for them to continue operating the server as they had already caught the largest "kingpin" the server owner. It would seem they worked backwards in this operations, they caught the top guy first then used the server to sweep up the "street level" or bottom level persons. I think it is extremely dangerous to believe email is a private conversation. One should expect that any email they send will at some point be posted for public consumption and compose emails accordingly Email is not a secure or private means of communications, the faster people learn and accept this the better off everyone will be I believe in voluntary contracts, not contracts forced under threat of violence I am neither an anarchist nor an archist, but am squarely down the nonarchic middle of the road." According to US law is there is no difference between those 2 types. The solution that is ending software patents which should not be a thing in the first place 1. The Developer of such an addon may not have ever agreed to the TOS 2. Google is under no legal obligations to enforce a contract between Facebook and the Facebook user 3. The TOS applies to the user of facebook, not the developer of DOM manipulation Plugin 4. To the extent the developer agree to said TOS, it is largely open to interpretation if TOS have any legal authority at all beyond giving the ablity of platform operators to ban users for violating them. I.e Facebook's recourse would be to identify people using the plugin and then ban them from the site. of-course Facebook has no desire to actually ban anyone for using a public so they use legally dubious trademark claims. >It's absurdly backwards because it's asking you to create debt which normally is the opposite of showing you are good with money The American economy, and largely the world economy is based on accusation of debt. If everyone in the US, or other First world nations simply started living with in their means, never incurring debt the entire of the world economy was cease. Thus the credit system is design to reward people that acquire more and more debt and punish people that save or live frugal life styles with in their means The modern economy depends on a person gathering debt from their 18th birthday until their death, where the assets of their life are then sold to cover those debts ensuring the next generation also has to acquire debt repeating the cycle. It always blows my mind to see people suggest the police exist to provide protection. The government and the court system is very clear that the police are NOT a protection unit, any protection provided is merely a by product of their primary mission, Law Enforcement. Law Enforcement has nothing to do with protection, but rather order and control. Protection can be a side effect of order and control but it is not the primary goal, or reason for the existence of Police. >>I'd much rather see a super-efficient all-knowing and well-intended protector That is a recipe for a Tyrannical Police state. >>EDIT2: I am sure violent criminals would love such a database as well, this way when they need an illegal gun they know which homes to rob. No, you have no right to know what I own, be that Gun, Drones, or TV's. You have no right to compel me to publicly list my assets in a database you can search. >>We already have access to other information as a matter of public record 2 wrongs do not make a right. There is FAR FAR FAR too much information accessible to police and even other citizens now. It is clear you believe everything about a person should just be open to everyone. Do you believe in any privacy at all? Where did I say anything about the 2nd amendment? "We the people" have no right to know who own the guns, and if the police infact when armed "to the teeth" door to do looking for any object, gun or not, then any vestiges of a free society will have long been abolished. I desire liberty above all else, I do not derive this belief in liberty from the Constitution or any other document, I derive my liberty from the Philosophy of liberty which itself is based in the Principle of self ownership. These beliefs transcend the constitution. It is sad you are willing to give up essential liberty for perceived protection by the government, who will ultimately take your liberty but never provide you with protection. >>>>Being a registered gun owner does not endanger you in any significant way. Actually it does, in a large number of ways. However that is also not relevant, even if there was no danger I would still oppose such a registration, as you have no right to require me to submit to such a registry. Anyone the respects individual liberty, and freedom will agree. >> They are sworn (like all public employees) to protect the Constitution Sorry no. Federal Law Enforcement, Military, and Elected officials maybe. Probably some other Federal Employees But there is no requirement, nor do many local police dept, require any oath at all, and I can not think of any off the top of my head that have a oath to the Constitution in their ceremony. That does NOT apply to "all public employees" That apples to Elected Officials, Judicial Officers. Further my state has no such clause in its constitution You can not be a strong advocate for privacy, while at the same time believing in a National Publicly accessible gun registry. These are mutually exclusive. Pick one. And I disagree with all of them. Unlike what you claim to be, I actually am a strong advocate for privacy. The fact that the government has already violated my privacy in many ways, is not a defense or justification for more intrusion upon my privacy. A privacy advocate should never use the justification you have I think we have very very very different views of what a utopia would be. In no way could a society where I have no privacy be a utopia. Not to me. I value my Freedom and Privacy above all else What is it that gentlemen wish? What would they have? Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty or give me death! You clearly are not a person who studies history. Most of our progress as a nation is a direct result of people breaking the law in various ways. Would there have been a Civil Rights movement at all if an all knowing protector would have stopped Rosa Parks from even getting on the that bus? Or the Woman's Rights movement if an all knowing government was able to eliminate the movement before it got an mass attention. You want to see a complete conformist society with no ability for any person to exist with out the "approval" of that society. I shutter to think would have happen to LGBT persons if your vision of a "utopia" existed Today we are locking up people based on what plants they choose to grow, and are raiding home because they happen to throw some loose leaf tea in the garbage after shopping at a gardening store. How will giving these incompetent morons more power going to make things better, going create a utopia. That is unless North Korea is your view of a "utopia", where the politically connected, the politically correct, and the conformists are rewarded by government and anyone that speaks out, or has an opposing view is simply disappeared. Cops are so trigger happy for a wide range of reasons, not knowing who has a gun is not one of them The reasons include but not limited to (and in no particular order) 1. Poor Training in Gun Operations and Saftey 2. No Training in deescalation 3. No Accountability for murdering people 4. Decades of "War on X" public policy that makes the citizens the "enemy" of the police 5. Militarization of police. We have effectively turn the Modern Police force into a Paramilitary organization with less oversight and fewer rules of engagement >They do not view themselves as civilians charged with protecting other civilians (which is what they are) that is what I have been attempting to dispel. The common misconception that the public has is that the police are in fact a protection force. They are not. I actually give your State Police credit for being honest with the public. Every other police force lies when they claim to be their for the protection of the people. there is never been any legal basis for this belief, every single court ruling on the subject in in fact direct contradiction to the statement "the police are for protection" Police are there to enforce the law. period, end of statement. They have no other purpose. There are very very very very very few cases where police provide any actual protection. For the most part they are revenue generators, tax collectors. They also provide needed protection and security for the government apparatus of power. they ensure the citizens do as their masters in goverment demand. this idea that police are simply citizens here to protect other citizens is a myth and we can not have real police reform until people wake up to reality and stop living in that myth >>I prefer not to have to bother removing stickers every time I want to do a Skype call. I solve that by never talking to anyone ;) >What more do you want? Them to open source and GPL all their software. >MIT isn't good enough? Because they did use MIT. Windows is MIT licensed now? System Center is MIT Licensed? Visual Studio is MIT Licensed? (not core, core is not Visual Studio, it Github's Atom editor with a MS skin) I believe I said ALL software not just some side projects To translate if you are attempting to exploit other peoples code with out giving anything back to the people that created the code then GPL is a cancer >MIT or the MS-PL is much more practical. This depends on the project I normally license my libraries, code I intend to be included in other software under BSD or MIT, but full developed software that is intended to be used as is gets GPL. Or maybe they would choose to work with OpenStack and discontinue their relationship with a draconian and backward company that locks their API behind a NDA >You don't "have to" pay taxes. Someone's going to come after you, but they're not going to kill you over it. While they may not kill you directly for paying taxes, if they come for you, or your property, and you attempt to defend yourself they will kill you Thus I believe that is in fact being killing because you did not pay taxes and that also means you in fact you "have to" pay taxes IRS agents, or more likely local tax agents will attempt to take your stuff, i.e your home, land, etc to cover your "debt" to them if you attempt to defend your property from their theft then you will be shot. So yes they will actively kill you. Why do you believe you have a ethical claim on my labor? Do you own me? While there can be a case for Land taxation, there is no ethical claim for Income Taxation. This would be valid if we were only talking about taxation applied to the actual land. The scenario I described was the IRS taking your land to cover taxation based on your Income, IRS does not tax land in any way. They tax income and other transactions but not land. The IRS however can take your home, car, or any other personal property you own to cover income based taxation. I actually agree with your assessment for pure land taxation (not to include any structures, or other items you places upon the land) Taxing land value I believe has a ethical foundation for the reasons you stated, taxing income has no ethical foundation for those same reasons. If you believe the government has the right to tax land because it has or once had an ownership interest over that land, then the only possible reason you could agree that the government has the right to tax income is if you believe the government has a ownership interest over your person. or 90% of the US that is not SF/Silicon Valley >>> if the action is just to get a search warrant to search that location for more evidence, that seems OK to me So you believe based on nothing more than your IP address showing up connected to alleged criminal activity, the police should be allowed to batter ram your door at 3am, shoot your dog dead, detonate explosive in your living room, and potentially kill you if you are not fully awake instantly and follow their commands to the letter with perfect accuracy? Because that is how the US Police force "serves" a search warrant in 2016. So to you the only options possible is suffering for poor people, or massive government programs? That is really the only 2 options you believe can exist? They might as well adopt blink. Make Firefox a Chromium Clone/Fork and call it a day, that seems to be what they want. >>>architectural changes like electrolysis People always being that up like it is a good thing... I like Firefox the way it is, I do not like electrolysis or the way chrome does it processes >>Firefox's extension model wasn't a model, it was a wide open API hole which you could reach into and tweak whatever internals you want with. That's not great Actually it was/is Awesome, It is what made Firefox great. >>>The W3C exists as place for these companies to work out interoperability standards. Web for All The social value of the Web is that it enables human communication, commerce, and opportunities to share knowledge. One of W3C's primary goals is to make these benefits available to all people, whatever their hardware, software, network infrastructure, native language, culture, geographical location, or physical or mental ability. Web on Everything The number of different kinds of devices that can access the Web has grown immensely. Mobile phones, smart phones, personal digital assistants, interactive television systems, voice response systems, kiosks and even certain domestic appliances can all access the Web. https://www.w3.org/Consortium/mission EME and DRM violate the Stated mission of the W3C >>there'll be a standard DRM multimedia format whether it's "endorsed" by Open Web people or not Open web people can not endorse DRM, once a open web persons endorses DRM they cease to be a Open Web Person. No, a No True Scotsman fallacy exclude the specific cases or others like it by rhetoric, without reference to any specific objective rule. Claiming to be a Open Web supported while also endorsing closed items like DRM, is an objective violation of the Philosophy of the open web People over use and misappropriate the charge of No True Scots Man >Please note that I'm not making (here) any argument for or against S5 Sounds like you are, sounds like you are making a very Pro S5 argument >>You'd have to provide evidence that Theresa May has been planning terrorism. the problem with that is defining terrorism. Since the government defines what legally constitutes terrorism they exclude themselves from being perpetrators of said activity. However under the technical definition of Terrorism, which is "the use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims." I can make a case that almost every nation state on the planet is guilty of terrorism in some fashion. Leaders of those nation states are then terrorists. Most people however give a break to using violence if it is "legal" under the laws of a nation, they associate terrorism with the illegal use of violence, instead of the actual definition which is ANY use of violence legal or not "in the pursuit of political aims." That would depend on the circumstances around the stone throwing and the goals of person(s) throwing the stones. In some instances yes it would be terrorism. Terrorism does not have to involve massive loss of life, or even be life threatening. People today seem to believe terrorism is only when Brown people blow themselves up in a Town Square, or when someone goes on a Mass Shooting rampage under the guise of a religion. Terrorism can take many forms, and is more rampant then people want to acknowledge. People today only want to focus on Islamic terrorism, and exclude almost all other forms as they seem to be more socially acceptable often because they are legal >>>all-hands are quite important to remind people of the company culture and to connect individuals to the mission. My mission is to trade my labor and experience for currency I can use to fund my life. That is all >All-hands aren't about corporate bullshit. Yes it is. This entire concept of "we are a team" or worse "we are a family" is bullshit, the second it is more profitable for the company to not employ you than it is for the company to employ you, you are shown the door. Taking only Gas Taxation as the only "user tax" is dubious at best "User" Based taxation figures should include 1. Gas Taxes 2. Sales Taxes on vehicles 3. Registrations and Inspection Fees 4. Yearly Excise Taxation 5. Environmental Fees an several other kinds of taxes that directly apply to operation of motor vehicles, Further this study (that I saw) did not seem to address the MASSIVE subsidy given to commercial operations on the Interstate system, the Gas taxes paid by Commercial Trucking companies is fraction of that charged to operators of non-commercial vehicles. >>>Also what is BI? Business Intelligence helps corporations analyze on their core competency in order to synergize growth strategies globally for cloud-centric and client-focused innovation One has nothing to do with the other You can be VERY good at systems security, while simultaneously wanting to violate your customers privacy.... >>>it's not clear to me that Github took it down because of DMCA. Exactly, there seems to be a common misunderstanding that if anything is taken down then it because of DMCA, there are number of ways content may be removed from a platform, be it GitHub, Facebook, YouTube, etc. Not all of it is DMCA. In fact for large platforms that offer take down processes outside of DMCA I would say the vast majority is not, for example anything taken down via ContentID on Youtube is NOT a dmca take down. >>> No logitech mouse support Make sure you support vendors that support linux, I have no logitech devices in my home for this reason. >>>While it supposedly exists, I could not make f.lux work. Redshift, much better >>> The ridiculous amount of times I have to type in my password (and use sudo) is really user unfriendly. You should only have to type the password if you are attempting to access a area outside of the users control, this should be limited to administrative functions like installing software, or changing system wide settings. Sounds like you have a configuration issue or at attempting to do things that SHOULD be locked down and SHOULD require elevation and are complaining because linux is more secure than windows One of the reasons windows is terrible at security is because every time they attempt to add security they give people a simple "click yes" way to bypass it rendering it useless Shhh, one should not have to learn how to use their tools. >>>If you do buy a Thinkpad, I recommend reformatting the machine and doing a stock Windows install. that should be done with all computers no matter who you buy it from Yes because Lenovo is the only major vendor to install spyware, break ssl, or any other things. Dell has never done that... ohh wait https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2015/11/superfish-20-now-dell-... If I look deep enough I can find where every manufacturer has done this... that is my point. Dont use OEM Images, or better yet dont use Windows... that is my point Ayn Rand was also very outspoken about not being called a Libertarian, she create Objectivism to be separate and apart from Libertarianism, one of the differences between Objectivism and Libertarianism is copyright/patents Compromise: Taking the worst parts of 2 ideas and make an even worse singular idea..... On paper this is true... In reality this is only a win if you have the deep pockets of google and are able to implement all the things that Safe Harbor Requires, respond to all of the Automated and primary bogus requests in a timely fashion, and are willing to have to your platform censored to the extreme. YouTube can withstand it because of its inertia, many new platforms have tried and failed. Safe Habor, as written, ensures YouTube's dominance in online self uploaded video. Further Safe Habor does not protect you from being sued, it simply gives you a defense should you be sued. See the YouTube vs Viacom case. AS such one will still have to pay lawyers to defend them, this results in many content platforms being shutdown, or never being created in the first place No in reality Safe Habor only seems like a good thing on paper, and then only if you are a Copyright Maximalist that believe the current copyright law is acceptable or does not provide enough protection. >> For now, Sancoff has decided to stop filing patent applications altogether. "We're afraid the government will come in and put more secrecy orders on us," he says. I see this as a good thing.... IMO the protection patents provide are over rated in the first place (unless your a patent troll) for companies that are actually making something. Of course it will not stop the State Dept from using ITAR to kill your business. >Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.) has weighed in on Sancoff’s behalf.“It doesn’t seem right for the U.S. government What does not seem right is the US government can issue secrecy orders in the first place... That is what does not seem right. That seems like a clear 1st amendment violation to me. One should argue that being prohibited from talking about your technology is a 1st amendment violation, and if we are to have the concept of "Intellectual property" then the government banning you from selling it would be a 5th amendment violation with out just compensation., However given that the constitution is widely ignored by the US government today, with full support of the court system, it is unlikely that the constitution will protect anyone. >>Sports is the one area where it basically costs whatever people decide I wish this was true, and with cord killing and Ala carte media becoming more of the standard it will be, but Sports today, especially major sports like NFL, MLB, etc have a hugely over inflated cost because of bundling. The authority to create copyright and patent law is most certainly in the constitution, if it were not all copyright and patent law would be unconstitutional People seem to forget what the constitution is, the Constitution grants government its power, if the constitution is silent on a matter than the government is suppose to be powerless, is not suppose to engage in that activity. This means a whole host of things the government does, should be unconstitutional, but sadly the courts have interrupted the constitution to include powers it does not contain. You remember what the Major Media companies want you to remember. It is revisionist history at best. Yes there was copyrighted content on YouTube, as there is today, but no that is not why is gained popularity. It gained popularity because it made video accessible to everyone. Before youtube attempting to host your own videos, be it a cat video, or a major movie was EXPENSIVE. Back then, as today, most of the "violations" are actually fair use.. Copyright Maximalist however believe copyright gives them total control over their work, meaning if a person using a 1 second clip for commentary, or happens to have a song playing in the background while their baby does something cute on video and uploads it to Youtube that is a violation of copyright. This is only valid if 1. You live in the US 2. You believe the US government is moral and "good" 3. Any "enemy of the US" is evil 3 assumptions I am not willing to support >>Replace "boat" with nuke and the argument starts to sound ridiculous. Why would one do that, there is no law agaist making a boat, it is criminal to make a nuclear device. Thus your argument is not only a Straw man but a moronic one at that. >>>In fact I would expect to be thrown into jail without even seeing court. Really? Then I feel sorry for the world you want to exist in. Even if you did build said nuke, I would expect you to get Due Process, but charged under the criminal laws of the land, and be held to account by a Jury of your peers To believe the government should have the authority to throw you in jail with out trail is extremely dangerous. I am 100% against regulation of Drugs, and the War on drugs so I would say no.. But even under current laws, if you make a new drug the government must go through a process to make it regulated and classify it. It is not automatically illegal. By default all things are LEGAL until they are made ILLEGAL, not the other way around. The one exception to this is Medication, where in order to claim it treats as specific illness it must be approved by the FDA to treat that illness, the drug itself if not illegal per say, it just can not be proscribed by a doctor to treat X until it is approved to do so. Further even in the regulations of Dangerous drugs they do not prevent someone from finding a market in other nations for them. There are a whole host of medications that have been not been approved by the FDA that are sold in other nations. They simply publish them to a book, and send the book.... ITAR is unconstitutional on its face, sadly the courts have upheld it. Phil Zimmermann and MIT Press showed everyone how to get around ITAR, 1st amendment trumps all Information should be free.... >>Its about understanding that your government is responsible for the safety of citizens, and that your enemies will want to kill you Governments are about control, not safety. as to the "enemies want to kill you", most that stems from government aggression in the first place, government is the cause, not the effect of that equation I live in the US Yes the US has Enemies, No I would not be upset is some local corporation sold breakthrough military technology to that "enemy"... I lived through the first cryptowars, I do not have the desire to give the government that kind of power I see the resurgence of the new cryptowars on the horizon, government can not be trusted to choose what information should be public and what should be secret So then you should get off the internet, as the Internet is Military Technology Better stop using that GPS as well, and about 1000000000 of other common everyday technology that was created for military reasons. GPS is still 100% military, the US Military can kill the civil band of GPS at any time it wants, all of the satellites are own, operated and maintained by US Sat Com. The internet started as a ARPA research project, the fact that it is used by civilians today is not relevant to the conversation You stated that "I think advancing military tech is at best neutral, and at worst very, very bad." GPS and the Internet are 2 prime examples of Military Tech has that massively improved the world. Nuclear Power being a 3rd, I can cite 1000's of others. I found it confusing that they expected growth over the last 2 years when in 2014 they functionally announced they were going to abandon it, transitioning it to "community ownership" This is a self fulling prophecy >>I realize this often isn't the case, but the pursuit of taxing specific behaviors is supposed to only be used to fund things caused by that behavior: That is only for the press release.. It is never actually that way. Almost all taxation applied to a general fund, meaning all taxes are simply put in a large pool, then various programs are funded from that pool. There are almost never any actual legal rules that requires say a Gasoline tax to only be used for roads, or a cigarette tax to only be used for Health Programs For this reason, and many others, I never support using Taxation for social control Government should not be using tax policy to incentive or decentivize any activity. Taxation should be used to fund X program period. Taxation should be generalized, AKA a income tax, a sales tax, etc. There should not be special taxes applied to individual products or product types >> Or do you suggest that government should not be involved in social control? Bingo... I do not believe the government has any ethical role in tell me how I should live my life, or punishing me if I choose to have a life style the government disapproves of. That is a slippery slope, if you want to talk about products or activities that "harm society" Further then you have to define what "harm" it is doing. I also suspect part of that "harm" you talk about is Costs associated with healthcare that is paid for by the taxpayer, meaning you likely support government run socialized health services. I do not. I do not question the harm cigarettes do to individuals, but individuals make choices every day that cause harm to themselves. That is not a reason for government involvement I do not believe it is my place to tell individuals what chemicals they can or can not consume I am 100% against the War on Drugs as well, and believe that all drugs, including crack, cocaine, and all prescription drugs should be legal to buy if the person desires it. I am an individualist, not a collectivist >>I don't think teaching science better It is not about teaching science better, it is about teaching critical thinking at all. Schools, especially primary schools, are devoted to conformity, social acceptance, and political correctness They do not teach people to be critical of those in authority, or power. This drives out the required critical thinking a person needs when they hear dissent on climate change, or how GMO's will be the end of humanity instead they just accept it as fact because a person of authority in their lives(be it a politician, preacher, or even simply an older adult they look up to) has told them it is fact so it is fact. >>disrespect the right of the authors to get a fair share for their work. Because there is no right or "fair share". Creators have only the right to ask for money for their works, they have no right to compensation at all. Further from an American Legal perspective there is no "choice is between authors not getting paid and freedom of expression" the constitutional reason for copyright, patent and trademark is to promote free expression. That is the sole reason the government was empowered to create copyright law in the first place. to the extent that copyright becomes detrimental to free expression it becomes unconstitutional Copyright does not exist to protect the profitability of Disney no matter how much their lobbyist believe that it does >>Everyone has right to ask and receive a compensation for their work. Nobody should be forced to work for unfair compensation Last I check no one is being forced to create movies, music, books, software, or any other creative works. I work in software development. I have had commercial projects fail miserably, I have spent 100's of hours on projects that have earned me $0, why because while I valued them clearly no one else saw enough value in them to provide me with money for them. I have no right to compensation for that labor. I only have the right to ask people to compensate me, if they choose not to then I miscalculated the market. There are many forms of "value" outside that of currency. Further the sole reason they may use my software it because it is free, any attempt to even charge $1 for it exceeds the monetary value of the software. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_Supreme_... That is easy. Linux is technologically superior to Windows in every way. >>we as consumers have no inherit right to view So if I am walking past a home and they happen to be playing a movie I do not own I some how "owe" the created monetary compensation? > use their work without paying the creator's asking price. that depends on how you define use, I do not believe a content creator has the ethical authority to tell me how I can or can not arrange the bits on my computer system, or what order I am allowed to write words on paper I own. I dont believe a creator should be allowed to use government violence or the threat of government violence to prevent me from downloading instructions from a website that directs my computer to store a series of 1 of 0's in a manner that a translation program can then direct my display to light led's in a specific pattern that many brain will recognize and accept as entertainment They have the right to ask me to voluntary give them money in exchange for them recording how the computer should store these 1 and 0's but to make it illegal for me to copy this pattern is where I draw the line. >> I'm going to make the assumption that you're referring to the idea that no law should be made that you aren't willing to resort to violence to support. All laws are enforced by violence, that is what makes them law. Law is force, Force is violence. Every law, from Jay Walking, to First Degree Murder is based by the threat that an armed agent from the government will enforce that rule upon you. And that has nothing to with if I owe the creator of the movie monetary compensation because of "viewed" the movie Clearly you are not in the United States... >>Most involve certified letters and negotiations between lawyers in front of an (unarmed) judge. While the judge himself may be unarmed, he has armed protection often several armed protectors at the ready. And if you ignore the commandment of the judge he/she has no problem ordering those armed agent to bring violence upon you to compel your obedience >>but that's all it is, a justification. And in my opinion, that justification results in less original content. Given that more content from more people is being created today that at any point in human history runs counter to your statement Copyright is about protecting the Gatekeepers, the Movies Studios, the Music Labels, the Book Publisher, not about protecting creators. Karl Fogel does a great job explaining the History of copyright and why is it not needed to protect creators https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhBpI13dxkI >> it's our own propensity to not respect the rights of the creator which has encouraged the adoption of DRM. I do not recognize them as rights. Copyright is a Positive Right created by government. I am a supporter of Negative Rights theory and do not support any Positive rights at all >>The rest of your argument centers on DRM; it is not just about DRM,DRM is how they attempt to force my property to disobey my commands, it is also about the law the DRM is attempting to enforce on my machine This is why libertarians only support laws that are DEFENSIVE in nature, i.e law banning Assault, rape, murder, theft, fraud, etc. Outside of these types of laws, enforcement of other laws like Copyright, Drug Possession, etc are unethical initiation of force. Here is a quote from what many consider a foundation book on libertarian legal theory http://bastiat.org/en/the_law.html#SECTION_G004 The law is the organization of the natural right of lawful defense. It is the substitution of a common force for individual forces. And this common force is to do only what the individual forces have a natural and lawful right to do: to protect persons, liberties, and properties; to maintain the right of each, and to cause justice to reign over us all. >>>Government is strongly limited by time. There's a hard ceiling on the amount of things that can be proposed, debated, and voted on within a term. Consequently, if there are things in the statute that are no longer used it's often better to simply ignore them than to spend precious time in the house arguing about removing them. That is exactly why all laws should have sunset rules built into them. We should have listened to Thomas Jefferson who wanted all laws, even the constitution itself to expire every 19 years That is the entirety of PCI PCI is nothing more than Security Theater so Mastercard and visa can claim it is all the merchants fault for data breaches and shield them from any liability There should only be 3 options to moderation that are acceptable 1. Removal of Post outright 2. Editing of post WITH ATTRIBUTION or Acknowledgement of edit 3. Banning of user/thread/topic/etc with full and open disclosure This habit of Redit and other sites have of "hidden" moderation needs to end The Practice of silent moderation, silent editing of post, shadow bans, etc should not be acceptable to anyone that values free Speech And before you go off on your moronic tangent about Reddit not being a democracy. Yes Reddit can legally choose to censor anyone they want, or do anything they want really on their platform, that is not the topic of debate. The topic of debate is around do YOU a presumed reddit user want to continue to support such a site. Do you want to visit an ecochamber of heavily censored topics and discussion? Reddit became popular on the back of having very very very few limits on expression, the reason people flocked to it was because of open and uncensored discussion. If the site Admin's want to turn it into a Democrat echo chamber free of any alternative view points they are free to do so. I am also free to fucking call them censorious fuckwits if they do Some how I have a feeling you would not hold the same opinion spez did this to a community you approve of, or on topic you approve of //and for the record, and I should not have to say it but I feel I need to which is telling in itself, I did not vote for, nor do I support Donald Trump. I have been for more than 20 years a Libertarian, and voted for Gary Johnson in 2016 if only there was a way to turn of notifications when a person says your name.... Ohh wait... there is. http://imgur.com/a/wXsWU >>Free speech has a limit, unfortunately, Sorry no. The second you limit speech it is no longer free speech. This is a concept people have a hard time grasping. People that say reddit is not free expression are correct. It is limited expression. There used to be fewer limits, than today, and reddit seems to want to massively increase those limits even more. >because large groups can't police themselves Based on your subjective view on what they should and should not say they cant. >No, but if you go to the_donald that's what you get. Or do you really think they don't censor certain discussions? Dont know, never once visited, dont care what they do We are not talking about the Policies of a indivual subreddit. Most subreddits are not for Free Expression, most are topic based and heavily censoured to ensure the topic of discussion stays on topic. For example posting political threads on /r/sysadmin is not allowed, I have no problem with this as the rules are fully disclosed, open, and I know what I am getting into when I subscribed You see I have no problem with Moderation. I have extreme problems with SECRET moderation. >A message like "F U $ADM" has no place in any subreddit I would tend to agree, and would have no problem the SPEZ removing the posts. But redirecting F U $ADM to F U $MOD secretly is not the solution, it is childish and should not be viewed as acceptable. The problem can only be made worse by involving government. Sad that Bruce Schneier does not understand that reality FCC is openly hostile to Open Source, so I doubt they would require anything to be Open Source >>>>These exemptions are meant to cover people in certain job roles where output is measured by work delivered, not hours spent, and where the person has independent responsibility for controlling their working hours to certain extent and were overtime as such is in theory voluntary. While that is the stated reason, if you actually read the law it becomes clear that these exemptions are meant to cover people in certain job roles where the lobbyist paid congress the correct amount of money to get their preferred job roles exempted >>>>It's worth noting that this change also follows a change in 2004 that went the other way Yes and many (myself included) are wondering why the 2004 Rules in favor of business are with in the scope of DOL power, but the 2016 rules are not. Legally speaking if the 2016 rules are not valid than neither are the 2004 rules History. What you will end up with is likely something that is LESS secure but now mandated for anything made/sold legally in the US. The rest of world will be free to do better things You will also end up with mandated Backdoors, weakened encryption, and a variety of other NSA/FBI wish list items that will be included in any "Cyber Security" bill I have no interest in the US congress regulating IoT devices, that will not be good for liberty, or security So then I guess you also want a Personal Computer or Home Security System to be $1,000,000. Have no Open Source Technology, and generally have no access to the average person let alone low income persons. If Boeing will be the only company allowed to make IoT products then you might as well kill the IoT industry, as each product will cost 100000x more than it should. I classify that BAD... sad you do not Security is one thing, but if it comes at the expense of Open Source and accessible systems then i choose Insecurity. I will choose Freedom over Government every time >>I have to say I'm really disappointed and this is a huge blow to people that invest in startups offering hardware. Buyers need to start demanding Open Source Software and Open Hardware... With out that, you will always be screwed It is already very good. They may not have any Legal Liablity, but it going to be a PR problem for them I know I will not buy any FitBit products either, if this acceptable to FitBit, to do nothing for these customers knowing this was going to happen then FiTBit does not deserve anyone's money either. It would have been better for the company to just Die if they were that bad off (which I have my doubts unless they were Seriously mismanaged) These Acquihires where a large company partially buys out another company for there personnel and/or IP shuttering the original product and fucking over customers need to come with at minimum a HUGE PR back lash for the company buying the assets to make them at least do right by the original customers offering things like Reasonable levels of support, Transition planning, etc I shutter to think what you believe a "strong position" would be if you do not believe patent holders today do not have one. I am personally favor abolishing all patents, especially true for "design" and software patents. I feel Patent holders today have FAR FAR FAR too much power to the point where the patent system is HARMING innovation instead of encouraging it My tool buying methodolty is 1. Buy Harbor Freight Version.... 2. If a break the Harbor Freight tool, then I will look at a SnapOn, Dewalt, Ridged, or other Contractor/Professional Brand I have very fews tools in the #2 category... Hand Tools still have a lifetime warranty Power Tools and Specialty Tools have limited time warranties I am mainly a Woodworker as a hobby and IT has a Profession My Cars are worked on by Professionals so I do not have alot of Automotive tools or needs While I too oppose DRM, I find it less objectionable on a Subscription service like Netflix because there no assumption of ownership. I do not own the content on Netflix I did not buy it, I am renting a access licenses to a library of content for a monthly fee. Now DRM on BluRay, DVD, Digital Downloads, Games, etc that do have an assumption of ownership because I pay a onetime fee with the expectation of accessing that content in a non-time limited way. Those types of things should never have DRM >>> Tree Style Tab 105,213 users compatible That is all that matters to me I have never understood the desire to have 1 Homogeneous Platform with no variety, no customization, no personality. To have a large corporate overlord dictating how I use the device I "bought" I see these same statements in the Linux Desktop world where everyone bitches about how All the Distro's are different, and how the Arch way is different from the Debian Way, and different from Red Hat, Canonical etc. That is what I LIKE about Linux, that is what is LIKE about Android. If i wanted a Corporate Overlord I would use an Apple or Microsoft commercial garbage >> when a collaborative project would be able to reduce that by a huge factor and benefit everyone. Or benefit no one because you create a Desktop that no one likes because it is developed in a way to pisses everyone off Gnome users do not like the KDE Experience Awesome Users do not like the Gnome Experience XFCE users do not like the Awesome Experiance This is the reason these products exisit, and no it is not "duplicating efforts" any more than have different models of Cars is "duplicating efforts" Do you really believe the automotive industry would be better off is all the Auto Manufacturers did away with all Models and simply made 1 car. >target audience Of what? I was a early backer on Kick starter... At this point I believe the Hardware to be vapor... They have pushed the delivery date for backers back soo many times I if I ever actually get one I will be shocked. Many backers have made their own from the software using their Own rPI's Then dispense with the formality and Start pricing tickets like UPS prices shipping Weight X Distance X rate Treat humans like Packages, I am sure that will go over well This happens all the time with marketing, surely this is not the first time you have seen a company co opt a term for marketing purposes. This seems like a case of perfect being the enemy of good. Healthcare is not immune from Automation either. there is huge efforts underway to replace Doctors, Nurses, etc with AI. That is not a complete Electrical system, just the panels which are only cheaper in area's with ideal solar output. Go north where there is less sun, and more clouds and the cost starts to rise fast, further Electrical Storage is a major concern since solar only works at most 12 hours a day, you have to something about the other 12. So no Solar is not cheaper when looked at in total cost to supply useable power to people 24/7 Further the cost of Coal is higher today largely because of artificial fees places on it in the form of Carbon Taxes, EPA regulations, etc. While I agree many of these are needed and benifitial to the long term it is this has to be factored in to the statement that Solar is "cheaper" if the government adds all kinds of fees to everything but solar of course solar will be cheaper, but that is an Artificial Result created by government intervention in the market place not technology. The draw back of this is that increases the price of power for everyone and that hits poor people the hardest when their power bills double because of some new EPA Regulations >>Who's dream is it to perform a "relatively narrow set of repeated tasks" for 8 hours a day? No ones, but they also want to eat, have a home, and provide for their offspring > As mentioned, take these "prime aged workers" teach them skills, and suddenly we have a spike in actually valuable labor instead of a middle class of unfulfilled office drones stuck in a stupor. What about the people that can not be taught "skills", what about when the machines take over their skills? What about ... 100 other scenarios I can come up with >the framing should be look at this amazing business opportunity to onboard high value workers, not cautionary doom. To do what, exactly? No job is safe from automation. To deny the potential for this new wave of automation to create massive poverty is to deny reality. We have ti adjust how society functions, how we look at labor, and honestly how we look at human rights. If we do not, if we hold to the same Social Structure of 40 hours a week with minimum amount of pay as possible all that will be is suffering for the majority, because even in this "utopia" where you can take 100% of the lower skilled worker and magically impart upon them more skills all you have done is flood the market with a greater supply of workers for those higher skilled jobs while no increasing the demand for them. Economics 101 tells up that results in a reduction in the price of that labor, so what was once "valuable labor" is no longer valuable. Surgeons are but one small and very specialized part of the Health Industry, just because Surgeons may not be replaced soon (even that I can debate) does not mean the other jobs in Healthcare are as immune, GP's, Nurses, Lab Techs, etc are all targets. the comment I replied to was wanting to take People in Job A, and retrain them for Job B in healthcare as a second career do to Job A being automated. You are not likly to be a Surgeon as a Second Career unless you are already a non-surgical doctor. You are not going to take a welder and make them a Surgeon as a second career most likely. As such it was implied that Healthcare was a "safe" industry for people seeking refuge from having their jobs automated away. I was pointing out it is not. That is becoming harder and harder to do as Facebook increases their level of knowledge Just the Facial Recognition alone has caused problems for people attempting to do this. Further OpSec is not just on you, I know a couple of people that have tried this only to have OTHER people expose thier data or information by posting things on facebook and other sites about them. >Trying to remove anonymity will not 'fix' trolling and harassment. After all, a lot of people simply don't care what others think of them, know they're too far away to be affected (in most cases) or just have nothing to lose to begin with. While that is true, many times what person A considers to be harassment, the person that is harassing them does not consider it to be harassment at all. This is not to say the person is not being harassed, although I have seen many examples of people claiming to have been "harassed" but when I view the twitter history for example I do not consider it to be harassment. That said often abusers do not self identify as abusers for example a Wife beater does not believe they are abusing their victim. >>Facebook and Twitter struggle with this, partly because it's impractical to manually moderate a site with so many users and partly because their model doesn't really allow it. Facebook and Twitter struggle with this because they refuse to create the clear rules for participation you stated other sites do. They proclaim to be "Free Speech" platforms welcome to "All Ideas and discussion" while creating mushy and lose rules that are highly subjective and makes enforcing those rules problematic. Where as the sites you describe are normally subject matter sites so it is somewhat easier to define a more ridged rule set. Facebook, twitter, and to a lesser extent Reddits problem is it impossible to be both a "Free Speech" platform and a censor... These are mutually exclusive concepts I often see this comparison, it is hardly "empirical data" Leaving a product review is a completely different social activity than commenting on a Video, videos that are often political, religious or other personally controversial topic Comparing YT comments to Amazon Product reviews holds no value at all. It is telling that you dismiss actual research for your own anecdotal and flawed observations to accept the idea that Real name Policies are a good thing >>those that love them have already made up their mind and won't look at contradicting evidence. Like you are doing here... >>TechCrunch switched over from Disqus to Facebook comments, I stopped commenting, Did the level of comments drop as well because I do not have today, nor will I ever have a Facebook account, any site that uses Facebook as a comment system does not want nor will get my feedback or participation >To expand on that: "I disagree" is not and should not be a valid defense when someone is accusing you of harassment. Harassment is a violation of personal space and only one person gets to define the limits of that personal space; it is not the aggressor that sets the limits. I disagree completely on this. Using this definition of harassment, in combination with a prohibition on said harassment is ripe for abuse. I have seen many many many people claim others are "harassing" them simply because the other person expressed a dissenting opinion from their own. Harassment must have an objective definition, not a subjective one. At-least if it is going to enforced as a part of over all rules for a platform like Twitter. Further under this definition of Harassment no one can be harassed online, since you can not violate a persons PERSONAL space if you have no physical proximity to the person >>they both rely on a very narrow definition of freedom: that each person exists foremost as a singular entity, and that every interpersonal exchange is governed by mutual negotiation. I think that's a very myopic view, because it implies that every relationship starts adversarial. What is your definition of freedom then. I do believe every person is a singular entity, with self agency, and that every interaction with other people is a mutual negotiation where by both parties should voluntary agree to interact and at any time for any reason either party can choose to end the interaction. With out the ability to chose whom you interact with, and for what reason you can not have freedom. That is far from myopic >>I have no physical proximity to you, but I have intruded on your personal space. I disagree, you have caused other people to violate my personal space, but you did not. >But even if none of that happens: it will affect you. These types of actions cause actual, measurable, harm. This is true, that does not make it a violation of "personal space" nor does it have to be a violation of person space to have liability for actions attached to it Reddit suffers because people in general do not believe freedom of speech is a right. I disliked the Fat People Hate subreddit, you know what I did... I did not visit the Fat People Hate subreddit. The communities I join and participate in on Reddit are moderated well and do not suffer from the problem, if you do not like what is talked about on The Donald, don't go there, not that hard. The problem is people do go, get "offended" then complain or raise hell because the mere existence of speech they dislike is what they want to end. This is not Freedom of Speech, but censorship. Reddits Original model is the correct one, Allow Communities to form on the platform, and if people do not like the content of those communities they can unsubscribe, or avoid them. The problem comes in when/if you use your Alternate Identity (I dislike "fake" as it is no less real than your government approved Identity IMO), to attend events, meetups, or other real world activities. I know many people are a part of Real Worlds clubs, attend conferences, or other events under Identities that do not match their government issued documents. They do this for a verity of reasons. This is one of the problems with Standards vs Platforms Usenet vs Reddit IRC vs Slack/Twitter etc I believe the internet is harmed by these Platforms in general and we should go back to Decentralized Standards for communications vs For profit Platforms If you are at a HolidayInn, and connect to a HolidayInn SSID then a reasonable person would expect that to be assocated with HolidayInn Chain of Hotels, that is where HolidayInn would have a more legitimate Claim to the HolidayInn SSID then some random Person Trademarks, Fraud, etc could be the legal basis for this. Only if you are using /r/all, and if you using that to find good content you are using reddit wrong. /r/all has always been and will always be trash. >>So tell me again how "don't go to those subreddits" is the solution? OK, Dont go to those subreddits. >Fat People Hate was known for going into other subreddits and shitposting all the time. I was no aware that subreddit's could post anything. Now users that happened to subscribed or vist FPH may also visit other communities, it is up to those communities to then moderator their subreddits, As to /r/all, reddit should just really remove that "feature" /r/all has never worked, and will never work, that is a non-issue. >> objectively hate speech. Doubtful, Hate Speech is subjective, what is "hate" to person A is not hate to person B. as an example >you can't just ignore r/the_donald You find the_donald filled with Hate Speech, but as a Libertarian I see all kinds of Social Justice, Statist, and other Posts to be "hate filled" that I bet you do not. >>Freedom of speech protects you from government persecution. Sorry no, in the US the 1st amendment protects you from government persecution, in other nations other laws protect your freedom of speech from government persecution However this idea that "freedom of speech" is only about government is dangerous to the idea of freedom of speech. While protecting against government censorship is very important, protecting against other forms of censorship are also important. Having freedom of speech, or any other freedom does not mean freedom from consequences. For example you have the freedom of speech to call your boss an asshole, your boss has the freedom of association to end your association with his/her business aka fire your ass. Your boss can not violate your freedom of speech by preventing you from speaking in the manner you choose, but you can not violate your bosses freedom of association by forcing him/her to providing you with a job... In the case of the fork bomb, that is neither a Freedom of Speech or Freedom of Association issue, Employees in most business are required to treat company property with respect and care for BUSINESS PURPOSES ONLY, launching a fork bomb has no business value and is thus using company resources in a non-business purpose which is prohibited. Just like running a bit coin miner would be a firing offense. This is one of the reason I have never turned on "One Click Ordering" in Amazon either. I WANT the check out process, I WANT to verify my address, payment method, I want to confirm my order qty, shipping costs, and other items. I am baffled by this trend to simply speak into the air and have a computer order anything with out limit based on what the computer thinks I said. >>the usual last-defense-of-scoundrels, "free speech" absolutism Sigh.... you either have free speech or you don't, there is no way to be a "free speech absolutist" If you are for censorship, of any type even "hate speech" or other speech you do not personally like you do not support freedom of speech, it really is that simple >Backpage's management was hiding behind the 3rd-party provisions of the CDA Following the law is not "hiding", Backpage, nor any other website should be legally responsible for the content posted by people using their platform, that is a very dangerous precedent >It's unfortunate, because there's probably a place for a responsibly-managed online clearinghouse for adult services. Government has shut all of these down before targeting BackPage. See myRedBook, theReviewBoard, and several others as examples >though remember there's a long and ugly history of the police victimizing sex workers as well Mainly in areas where prostitution is illegal, thus the police use their power over the "criminal" to abuse them. Sex workers have no legal method to report this abuse with out also admitting to a crime themselves. Thus if it were legal, Abuse by police would only be as frequent for sex workers as is for other legal occupations, which much hire than it should be but.... Things like this is one of the reason I have a Dashcam. I want to have video proof the cop is lying if I need to challenge it. Sadly even with Video Proof it will be a uphill battle as courts have taken a cops word over the video before. >by people who don't have any idea of what the justice system actually does legal system, we do not have a Justice system it is a legal system >The overwhelming majority of people that go through the justice system are guilty. Guilty of victim less violation of legal Statutes that are not crimes at all. A Crime requires a complaining victim. In order to seek justice there must be a person seeking said justice thus the need for a victim for there to be a crime. For example Growing the wrong plant does not produce a victim thus should not be considered a "crime" >[1] Whether you think having drugs should or should not be a crime is an entirely separate issue. No, far from it. It is the issue, the reason the courts need to be "streamlined" is because they have been over burdened by these non-crimes, as such they needed a process to shortcut due process and extort people into signing their legal rights away so they can persecute more people for more non-crimes You're forgetting one of the two major disadvantages of SaaS repos (and software in general): 1. Someone else is hosting, securing & backing up all your repos. 2. You are at the mercy of someone else when there are issues to fix quickly. You must be new to open source. This is how it is suppose to work, and many times BOTH projects will be stronger for it. Prime example is the Split and then merge of NodeJS and IOJS because of that fork NodeJS is much stronger project today. Since when has something being legal or illegal ever stopped US law enforcement. There is no actual accountability, so why should they care if what they do is illegal. They are the law, and they make shit up as they go Which is contrary to how many of the framers wanted the nation to be run... I cite Jefferson >>"The Constitution... meant that its coordinate branches should be checks on each other. But the opinion which gives to the judges the right to decide what laws are constitutional and what not, not only for themselves in their own sphere of action but for the Legislature and Executive also in their spheres, would make the Judiciary a despotic branch." --Thomas Jefferson [1804] >>"To consider the judges as the ultimate arbiters of all constitutional questions [is] a very dangerous doctrine indeed, and one which would place us under the despotism of an oligarchy. Our judges are as honest as other men and not more so. They have with others the same passions for party, for power, and the privilege of their corps. Their maxim is boni judicis est ampliare jurisdictionem [good justice is broad jurisdiction], and their power the more dangerous as they are in office for life and not responsible, as the other functionaries are, to the elective control. The Constitution has erected no such single tribunal, knowing that to whatever hands confided, with the corruptions of time and party, its members would become despots. It has more wisely made all the departments co-equal and co-sovereign within themselves." --Thomas Jefferson [1820] >>"This member of the Government was at first considered as the most harmless and helpless of all its organs. But it has proved that the power of declaring what the law is, ad libitum, by sapping and mining slyly and without alarm the foundations of the Constitution, can do what open force would not dare to attempt." --Thomas Jefferson [1825] Over the last 200 years to much reverence and power has been placed in the hands of the Supreme Court, and the federal government in general. >>Our Constitution spells out in very clear terms that blacks are to be considered 3/5th of a white man for the purposes of representation in Congress. If that term itself isn't an example of how wrong it is to be a strict textualist I don't know a better example. Then you do not know or understand the history or how the constitution works First, the 3/5th's clause was actually an anti-slavery measure. It reduced the power the Slave State whom wanted to count All slaves as persons for the purposes of Congressional Representation but not allow them to vote for site representation. This would have given slave states MUCH greater power in congress as well as the Electoral College and likely would have delayed Abolishment of slavery for decades. It may have also prevented Lincoln from even becoming president. Further the Constitution is not overwritten but AMENDED so the Orginal Text remains for people to learn from. the 3/5th clause today has no authority because of the 14th amendment. It is not however removed from the Constitution because the Founders believed (and I concur) that a key aspect of not repeating past mistakes is to have those mistakes clear and ever present not hidden away to be forgotten. Being a strict textualist of the constitution does not mean you believe all non-white people should only be counted as 3/5ths a person. a Strict Textualist also applies all Amendments which nullifies the 3/5th clause >>I wouldn't make the mistake of pretending that the Constitution is a perfect document. You shouldn't either. I dont, I largely take Lysander Spooner's vision of the constitution. "The Constitution has no inherent authority or obligation. It has no authority or obligation at all, unless as a contract between man and man. And it does not so much as even purport to be a contract between persons now existing. It purports, at most, to be only a contract between persons living [two hundred] years ago. And it can be supposed to have been a contract then only between persons who had already come to years of discretion, so as to be competent to make reasonable and obligatory contracts. Furthermore, we know, historically, that only a small portion even of the people then existing were consulted on the subject, or asked, or permitted to express either their consent or dissent in any formal manner. Those persons, if any, who did give their consent formally, are all dead now. Most of them have been dead forty, fifty, sixty, or seventy years. And the constitution, so far as it was their contract, died with them. They had no natural power or right to make it obligatory upon their children. It is not only plainly impossible, in the nature of things, that they could bind their posterity, but they did not even attempt to bind them. That is to say, the instrument does not purport to be an agreement between any body but “the people” then existing; nor does it, either expressly or impliedly, assert any right, power, or disposition, on their part, to bind anybody but themselves. " -- Lysander Spooner, NO TREASON No. VI. That said it is the current law of land, and I have done alot of research into American History, the constitution, and the related topics. It is also important to point out that no one viewed it, or views it as perfect, that is why we have an amendment process. What I find alarming and sad is that we have ceased amending the constitution, in favor of Radical "interpretations" by the courts, or simply ignoring inconvenient sections instead of putting in the hard work of passing and ratifying an actual Amendment. The last amendment to the constitution took 202 years to ratify... That I find very sad 1. Which government did this Recall? In the US all Recalls were Voluntary as defined under US CPSC Rules 2. None of the phones "Exploded" they caught fire, big difference 3. What exactly do you believe they should have have done differently I get the most work done when I am the only one in the office, So I tend to take my lunch at a different schedule than my co workers, come in early, stay late, and take work home because during "normal" business hours is a constant stream of "collaboration" that interrupts me doing any actual work. I love flu season, because I normally do not get sick, and everyone else is out of the office sick... sooo peaceful. I would love to work remotely, only interacting with people remotely. The right way to solve this is not via legislation, nor it is to expect Uber to be "morally upstanding" Corporations are amoral, always have been, always will be. The right way to solve this for people to stop using Uber, stop expecting the ultra low rates, just stop The way to force morality upon corporations is for the CONSUMERS to be moral, and stop using the products and services of corporations that have policies they disagree with. I love it when i hear people bitch about how terrible uber treats its drivers but continue to use them as their primary mode of transportation. THEY ARE PART OF THE PROBLEM. As as example, I dislike Walmart, I have not stepped foot in a Walmart store in more than a decade. If more people would vote with their wallet companies would change their policies, instead they look to government to use violence for force companies to change because anything else would inconvenience them. it is the lazy way out. >That's not true; all corporations make moral choices, probably even Uber. Morality is a human construct, Corporations are not people as such can not have Morality. People make moral choices. >>What's wrong with legislation? It's knee-jerk to reject it, but I like the democratic way of solving problems. There is soo much wrong here. First off, legislation often makes situation worse, and rarely improves things. After all Uber is a direct reaction to regulation of Taxi's, People wanted a less regulation more convenient service for their transportation needs, Regulation of Uber will just result in something else as people attempt to get out from under the government thumb. Further the call for regulation is a itself a knee jerk emotional reaction to a perceived injustice. Finally I do not like the "democratic way". I believe in individuality, not collectivism, I do not believe 51% of the population gets to dictate what the other 49% do or cant do. >The 'free market' assumes people will act in their own interests; where that invisible hand fails to deliver, I do not believe it is failing to deliver, clearly the people the drive for Uber believe driving for Uber is better than the other options they have, better than other jobs that are open to them. Simple because you do not like their choice or because you perceive it as "unfair" does not mean the people are not acting in their own interests. Shitty choices are still choices Where laws and regulation should come into play is for Fraud, false advertisement, and contract violations. All of which Uber has been accused of and it should be investigated. I also believe we should have strong Truth in Advertising laws to prevent companies like Uber from inflating income numbers, or getting people to sign terrible leasing programs like the ones Uber has. This would be good use of government regulation Requiring all kind of Employment regulations and other types of regulation people call for is not. >we use laws and regulations to correct the situation. We should not, nor is it effect Law and regulations should only be there to prevent direct physical harm, theft and fraud. Nothing else. They should not protect people from their own stupidity, they should not attempt to make the world subjectivity "fair" which is impossible as every person has a different definition of what is "fair" The only proper role of government is to ensure people are honestly transacting with each free from coercive threats of violence, or actual violence between persons. Beyond that any action by government ceases to be defensive in nature and becomes Aggressive and is IMO unethical Important principles may, and must, be inflexible. -- Abraham Lincoln Government should be based on principles... >>I am not familiar with Web Extensions, Chrome.... Mozilla is turning Firefox into just another Chrome Browser... Firefox 57 will like see me stop using FireFox it will be no different than chrome so I might as well just use chrome >>and sometimes you have to break stuff to make it better It is yet to be seen if it will be better, so far everything they are doing in firefox to make it more like chrome I am 1000000% opposed to. Yea that is not a concern for me... I am logged in to Google services all the time anyway and I have a Android Phone sitting 3 ins from my computer. I use Firefox for a few Productivity Extensions that will likely stop working in 57, as such there is no reason for me to continue to use FireFox. >>Moz://a is paid millions by Google so that they're the default search engine in Firefox That has not been the case for a few years(2012? or 2013 I believe), Yahoo is currently the Default Search and pays the bulk of Mozilla budget, With the Verizon Deal Mozilla is likely worried that will change when the contract is up for renewal Yes Verizon must honor the Contract, all contracts, Yahoo committed to, that is standard That contract however I believe was for 5 years, I am talking about what happens after the 5 years is over, which I believe will be in 2019 or 2020. After which Verizon has no contractual obligation to continue paying Mozilla for anything and likely will cease the partnership >>Clearly, that has something to do with either security or performance, where Firefox has a perceived lag. This is completely false It has something to do with MARKETING and the fact the Google is largest marketing company in the world and has the ability to market chrome far far far more effectively than Firefox IE is crap, so Windows users seek a replacement for IE, use to their only option was Firefox. Once Chrome came on the market with a HUGE marketing push people started to migrate It was 80-90% marketing, not technical Even if Firefox is better preforming people are not going to switch as only Technical people give a shit about performance numbers. Edge on windows 10 is starting to eat into Chrome partly because MS is bringing back the IE6 marketing and integration tactics that got them in Anti-trust hot water in the 90's No Firefox, absent Google Discontinuing the chrome Browser, will never break 20% market share again, I do not care how must better it preforms. Mozilla needs to focus on Power Users, and Privacy. They are failing at both with these moves IMO >>you wouldn't want to switch to Chrome, because Firefox was just plain faster? They they take away my TreeStyle Tabs and a few other Extensions I dont care how much faster it is, FF will be removed my all my systems TreeStyle Tabs is the the Main reason I use FF today. I dont understand why browsers have tabs horizontally across the window, it looks stupid and is unusable once you get above 20 or 30 tabs open So you talk about have 100's of tabs open, it is pointless if I do not have TreeStyle or some kind of Vertical Tabs. And no the Stupid Dock style of doing it on Chrome and other WebExtensions based hack is neither desirable or usable >>This is what I don't understand. What would you use instead? Does not matter, Likely Vivaldi, or Chrome. I will not reward FF or Mozilla, it may seem petty but I will not continue to use FF after mozilla ignored its users in this manner. From day one Devs, users and the wider community has been telling mozilla we do not want these changes. Clearly they do not want me as a user of their product so I will oblige them and stop using their product I expect to be ignored by a large for-profit corporation like Google, if Mozilla is going to act like google I might as well just move to Chrome. >>Chrome never tried to cater to users like you That is right, and that is the point. If you do not understand why or how that makes a difference I likely will be unable to explain it to you. I may not go to chrome, Vivaldi, the new Opera, Some Fork of the good firefox, we are still a little ways away from the the day Mozilla commits Suicide so.... Also I do want to add, my problem is not them removing XUL, my problem is them removing FUNCTIONALITY, if they come up with something else that REPLACES feature for feature XUL fine, if they take everything people are losing and build it in as not an extension that would be fine to, if they Add a option in the Configuration for TreeStyle Tabs with out an extension that would be grand I am not beholden to extensions, I am beholden to the FUNCTIONALITY. >>Firefox is literally the only major browser and I view that as a good thing, not a bad thing. Being a clone of "every other browser" is not desirable to me >and it shows hard in performance and in security vulnerabilities. I'm very excited to see Firefox finally catch up. I care less about performance and more about functionality. I can overcome performance with larger processors and more memory, I have 12 core system with 64GB of memory, FF is not hurting my system. It is far far far far far way from replacing TreeStyle, as it has no Tree.... It just moves the tabs from horizontal to vertical, which has similar usability problems It is better than Sidewise on chrome though, however TabCenter is XUL as well I believe, there are no APIS currently for it to be moved to Extensions, this link keeps posting this link 1. No that is not a Replacement for TreeStyle Tabs, far from it 2. It uses XUL as well and will be killed in 57 unless new API;s are made this link is not the solution to the Extensions problem we are complaining about It wont, it is already deprecated the the Dev is already saying devolvement will already stop soon >>Yes, but now we're talking about people who (likely) moved to Chrome because it just felt so darned snappy, I think you confuse why people move to chrome over IE on windows. The normal every day user uses chrome for 1 of 3 reasons 1. They hit upon a chrome ad today or years ago when Google was heavily advertising chrome even when you searched now that is their browser and they stick with it 2. A person that works on, setups, or services their computer installed it 3. They are heavily in the Google Eco System and want all of the features and conveniences that come with using Chrome with google account (bookmark sync, alerts, hangouts, etc) None of which has anything to do with Chrome's or firefox's speed, or security. None of which Firefox can overcome or change by removing functionality. People that use FF today generally fall into 2 groups. People concerned with Privacy, and people that want functionality that the other browsers do not offer FF is rejecting 50% of their user base with move. >>There are other search engines waiting in line, Mozilla's not married to Verizon. Who?? I know of none MS will never support Firefox, They want people to use Edge. DuckDuckGo do not have the cash to do it. Google has the market share and does not need FF anymore that is why they dropped them So Who.... >>That's not the point. Actually it is the point, by 2020 Mozilla's IMO mozilla revenue stream will dry up, they need to find a way to survive with out the Search money. This is why they are taking these risky moves which IMO are doomed to fail. anything "can" be ported once mozilla creates a API, even TreeStyle The point is there is no API to do it today, and unlike the dev I do not believe the new API;s will be in 57, I see no evidence to support such a claim. Further if you continue to read on the issue, you see the developer has clearly said this is an expermint that will never be mainlined and development will likely stop "Having said all that, it's likely that at some point in the future, TabCenter will no longer be developed, and at that point, we'll recommend people switch to one of the other side-tabs add-ons." he continues "TabCenter isn't something that will live forever." So no TabCenter is not a replacement for TreeStyle, and never will be Worked for Microsoft for Decades, They also found a new way to apply that same model with 0365 and their continual effort to add new features that only cost a "few dollars more per user per month" Squeezing locked in customers is the Enterprise Software way... all of them do it. Governments have, and should have, limited resources as well. Where do you think the government obtains its resources.. From private organizations and individuals. Thus if the problem is to large for Private Organizations and Individuals to handle collectively, then it is to hard for government as well Housing for Homeless is also a job the government continually fails at and is infact today primary provided for by private organizations using money donated by private organizations and individuals (at least in the US) >>Government can coordinate resource deployment more effectively While it is possible for the government do accomplish this in theory, it fails more often than not. Taking in huge amounts of resources including money and wasting them with inefficient bureaucracy and corruption as you have proven with the rest of your comment I dont believe at any point I blamed any private for-profit organization for anything I was taking issue with the assertions that government is the sole, best or even most competent venue to address a social problem like homelessness. I was taking issue the the assertion that government somehow has more resources than the Collective Individuals and Businesses it derives its resources from >>It is appointed to be the best and most competent venue to address problems like that. Government is the way "collective individuals and businesses" solve the problems that impact the whole society. I do not believe that should be the function of government, nor that is was "appointed" to do any such thing. The role of government is protect the negative rights of individuals, government "is the organization of the natural right of lawful defense. It is the substitution of a common force for individual forces. And this common force is to do only what the individual forces have a natural and lawful right to do: to protect persons, liberties, and properties; to maintain the right of each, and to cause justice to reign over us all." -- Frédéric Bastiat I find this modern fixation on growth MBA's have forced upon the business world to be facinating Use to Stability, and Profitability not growth was important. Stability, and Profitability were the goal, growth followed but was not in itself a goal Now even if you are profitable, if you are not seeing growth then you failed. It is ridiculous. Since you like the quote allow me to continue from the same book "But when the law, by means of its necessary agent, force, imposes upon men a regulation of labor, a method or a subject of education, a religious faith or creed — then the law is no longer negative; it acts positively upon people. It substitutes the will of the legislator for their own wills; the initiative of the legislator for their own initiatives. When this happens, the people no longer need to discuss, to compare, to plan ahead; the law does all this for them. Intelligence becomes a useless prop for the people; they cease to be men; they lose their personality, their liberty, their property. Try to imagine a regulation of labor imposed by force that is not a violation of liberty; a transfer of wealth imposed by force that is not a violation of property. If you cannot reconcile these contradictions, then you must conclude that the law cannot organize labor and industry without organizing injustice." "You say: "There are persons who have no money," and you turn to the law. But the law is not a breast that fills itself with milk. Nor are the lacteal veins of the law supplied with milk from a source outside the society. Nothing can enter the public treasury for the benefit of one citizen or one class unless other citizens and other classes have been forced to send it in. If every person draws from the treasury the amount that he has put in it, it is true that the law then plunders nobody. But this procedure does nothing for the persons who have no money. It does not promote equality of income. The law can be an instrument of equalization only as it takes from some persons and gives to other persons. When the law does this, it is an instrument of plunder. With this in mind, examine the protective tariffs, subsidies, guaranteed profits, guaranteed jobs, relief and welfare schemes, public education, progressive taxation, free credit, and public works. You will find that they are always based on legal plunder, organized injustice." The Law - by Frédéric Bastiat Principles are timeless. It is sad you ethics and morality have a experation date, and the quote did not replace my personal opinion as I agree 100% with the quote, that is why I quoted it. One does not have to reinvent the wheel every time an idea needs to be rebutted, People use quotes as a shortcut to highlight their personal opinions many times in more articulate ways then they could themselves or simply to save time which is what I have done here. i am not going to write out a 5000 word essay on the problems with government in a HN comment that about 3 people will read All designed around Vendor Lockin, then putting the screws to business with various and complex licensing CAL's for example would never be possible with out Vendor Lockin, What kind of extortion scheme do you have to have to sell a server licence then charge for every thing that wants to connect to the server..... >>Iran is a Theocracy and Authoritarian Thanks to the CIA >>China is Authoritarian. Yes but I would argue they are making large strides in freedom, clearly they have a LONG way to go but you have to see the changes in both the government and the culture. Is this improvement a result of STEM leaders? Is America's decline in this area also a result of a regression in our Leaders? America used to have Inventors, Businessmen, even scientists as leaders. Too bad Firefox is doing everything in its power to make itself a Chrome Clone... Including Widevine, Chrome Extensions, and various other things Monitor Flashes because internally is basically changing inputs as it changes from unencrypted video to encrypted HDCP video Software Freedom Conservancy has been saying this for a long time, most the Kernel Devs, Linux Foundation, etc all seem to want to treat the Linux Kernel more like BSD than GPL. They do not want to piss of their corporate masters.. Why not blame both, as both are to blame. W3C is more to blame that all of them, as they have violated their mission statement with EME and DRM If I go to a site that is "HTML5 Compatible" I should not have to worry if my "HTML5 Browser" has all the proper binary blobs and approvals to support the content. If something is standard complaint it should work for all platforms that support the standard not just the Billion dollar corporations that paid to get their technology included into the standard >>and fled instead of facing trial. Where did he flee to? Megaupload was started when he lived in NZ, was shutdown when he lived in NZ, and as far as I am aware he still lives in NZ. So where you do you that he fled somewhere? >I am surprised that most people here seem offended by NZ's decision. That is because clearly you do not value due process >The guy's clearly a thief That is not clear to me, of course I also reject the very idea of "Intellectual privilege" and do not believe a download is the equivalent of theft. Which by the way is the factual legal position as well, because when you infringe on copyright, you do not "steal" you infringe. >If someone stole my stuff, What did he steal, I have seen no complaints, or charges in regards to theft. Copyright infringement sure. But that is not theft >fled to NZ he did not flee to NZ, When am I going to get a package with no Sports... about 40-50% of the channels are sports related... I do not watch any sports at all >>Microsoft has shifted into a whole new gear with Windows 10, and made it clear, despite user feedback, that they intend to stay the course, and continue the data collection, and advertising, and everything else that gets discussed on HN Well if you would just Subscribe to o356, put all your documents in OneDrive, and buy every app in the windows store they would not have to show you ads ;) /s Most Self Service Kiosks in stores are not designed for User Experience or Efficiency in mind, that is way the fail They are designed with Loss Prevention in mind, so they end up treating every customer that walks up to them as a criminal looking to steal something. This is one of the reason I still use a human checker when I go to the grocery, it is far more efficient and takes less time than the Self Checkout. Now if they ever perfect what Walmart has been working on, either the "Check out as you shop" system where you scan items with your smart phone as you shop, or the RFID based system where you push your entire cart into a large RFID reader and it scans everything in a matter of seconds... that might get me to use those systems >- I can Scan, Bag, Pay, leave in Yea if you only have 6 items sure... I never go to the store when I am only buying 6 items.... If I only need 6 things it can wait until I need more I go to the store 1 or 2 times a month, not everyday They are Trying ODBII regulations for Highway Vehicles are what prevents the bulk of it today. ODBII does not apply to non-road vehicles like Tractors. However Automanufacturers are moving anything that is not required by ODBII (which was passed in 1996 so it very out dated) to CANBUS and disallowing 3rd parties access. This makes is harder for Independent shops to service some of the non-mechanical parts of the car like the GPS, Radio, power seats, etc >> they do it to avoid legal liability and fraudulent warrantee claims. That is simply false... Both can be done with out locking out owner They do this to Appease their Dealer Network, and to make sure their Dealers make money.... This has very very little to do with Legal Liability. Sorry you bought the corporate PR bullshit While it is tied to the ECM, and requires specialized tools to recalibate or change, they are required to operate on the ODBII standard which means 3rd parties can and do create these tools (and aftermarket parts), it also means independent repair shops can and do make the repairs Here John Deere is not simply accused of making it more complex, but prohibiting any and all repairs not authorized by their own propriety computer software. I am sure that is how many in the engineering dept justify their unethical practices so they can sleep at night But it still just BS they are selling to themselves >> because Netflix for years relied on plugins to deliver over browsers. They still do, you have to have the Widevine PLUGIN and the Open H264 PLUGIN to play content on netflix It is a pure myth that eme does not have plugins >browsers have less leverage as more Netflix subscribers get their content either on set-top boxes or mobile devices (where Netflix has total end-to-end control), and fewer are stuck with browsers. I am fine with that, I would rather have that than an HTML5 standard that requires binary plugins to work. I would rather have that then the risk EME brings to extent beyond video content to start having entire pages plugin bases, fonts DRM encumbered, and 100's of other consequences to this move that are coming Aside from the fact that your wrong about the BBC the issue itself is not a "free market problem" because copyright only exists because of government interference. Government created the "right" DRM is protecting against. In a pure free market, there is no copyright, thus no need for DRM to protect a right that does not exist >>browsers have less leverage as more Netflix subscribers get their content either on set-top boxes or mobile devices (where Netflix has total end-to-end control), and fewer are stuck with browsers. Yea they will us Blink, not Webkit... Mozilla is trying their hardest to make Firefox the best Chrome Clone on the market... Ofcourse Vivaldi is giving them a run for their money, but I I am sure Adopting EME, Web Extensions, and every other Chrome Tech will really get them their market share back.. Copy Cats always win... >>HTML5 does not require binary plugins in order to work. Yet... EME opens the door, and only the Naive believe EME will start and stop at Video Content. There are already requests for ebooks,and fonts. Images and and even web content itself is not far behind >I agree that it's a myth that EME doesn't have plugins. What EME does is reduce the scope of those plugins. Yes and no, if you buy in to the "perfect sandbox" myth then sure, but to believe CDM's are secure is laughable. There are too many hooks into the hardware, there as to be in order to bypass the user, for it to actually be secure. No the security is more protecting the CDM from the user, not protecting the user from the CDM btrfs ran before it could walk. It is ok for a single disk FS. It is no ZFS though which is its largest problem, people keep marketing it as "linux awnser to ZFS" No, it is not. Maybe some day, but today it is no ZFS. I love zfs.. Further the ZFS utilities are far easier to use and understand. zfs and zpool commands well documented, and intuitive. btrfs utilities are are not, IMO I am fine with using btrfs as a replacment for ext on my OS drive, but for my large data arrays of multiple disks it s ZoL all the way What keeps DRM in play though is it is illegal to distrbute tools to circumvent DRM So company like Slysoft, Replay, the devs of DeCSS, etc get sued out of existence when they create software that circumvents DRM the cat and mouse game of DRM only works if you have government legal backing hamstringing the anti-drm crowd. With out Anti-Circumvention laws there would be software on the open market to bypass every known DRM about 48 hours after it is release if not sooner Doing so would actually be illegal for the Automakers, who tried similar things in the early days of the Auto Industry and several laws and regulations were passed to protect consumers for Highway vehicles It is highly unlikely this will work out very well for JD. That was one, but not the only Regulation passed as a result Things like ODBII Regulations, which do only Apply to Highyway Vehicles, and all of the regulations that come out of the USDOT for Highway rated Vehicles. This exactly is why I am glad the US Constitution forbids states from charging interstate taxes, and why I oppose all of the efforts by congress to allow states to collect interstate sales taxes. My State 1 tax, for the entire state, and outside an few industry specific taxes (hotels, rental cars ) there is only 1 sales tax to collect. We do not have sales taxes at the city or county level those are forbidden at the state level. makes it so much simpler >>Disable webcam indicator light Schools and corporation do this all the time for theft Reaction (take a photo of the thief with out them knowing), it is a feature they want, Some Schools have gotten in trouble for turning it on and catching children in the rooms >Lock computer with a password of your choosing and show a message on the computer. The youtuber says it's for ransom. Again, legitimate Theft Reaction > Swap mouse button functions ..Open CD tray Is that malicious, really. Enough for jail time >* Keylogger Plenty of Corporations have keyloggers on their systems, some corporations even go as far as 24/7 keylogging and screen recording while the system is on. >>* Send SYN floods from all your controlled computers That one you may have a case for... the rest all have legit purposes used today by Enterprises worldwide Linux was originally advertised on evil Usenet... I here there is all kinds of bad things there. Get him >>>The article is sympathetic and argues the author had innocent intentions. Perhaps that's the case, but the problem is that it would be very difficult to persuade people of that So you support the idea of Guilty until proven innocent, combined with Guilt by Association. What a terrible combo Most people believe it is up to government (or anyone making the claim it was not for legit use) to prove their claim, it is not up to the defendant to prove they had innocent intentions. No you say he has to prove he made the tool for legit purposes.. that is guilty until proven innocent You have assumed he has malicious intent, and have shifted the burden of proof on to the defendant to disprove your claim I know of a call center that use to do it, it was stored with Screen Capture and Audio recording data, Basically everything the employee did while interacting with the customer was recorded.. > everyone had to take their computers home every night - nothing to steal. Everything was Cloud That is scary if you believe that.. That nothing can be stolen because it is in "the cloud"... I am sure there are a few Celebs that will tell you in graphic detail how wrong you are. >Not having to pay for any on-site sysadmin definetly saved the company money Likely compromising Security, backups, and a few other things as you depend on "the cloud" to provide these things I am sure the customers at CodeSpaces ( http://www.networkcomputing.com/cloud-infrastructure/code-sp... ) thought their data was secure in the "cloud" as well I bet you claim that will nto happen to you because you only use "the largest providers" like AWS or Dropbox.... Far to often I see companies moving their entire operations to "the cloud" with no planning for Off-Boarding, Data Backups, or anything, they just assume "its the cloud so everything is perfect, cheap, secure and we need no neckbeard admins" That is a scary scary trend. SaaS can be a good tool, when used right. It can also be the end of the organization when done wrong... >disapprove of national defense. it these programs where actually used for DEFENSE, then I believe most people would not dissapprove of them, but the US has not been on the defensive for a number of decades now. Of course you can make the claim that programs like this are the reason, however I think would could spend the same amount of every nation on the planet complained and still provide a proper defense, unlike today where we spend 2x or 3x more than every other nation combined. Money Pits like the F35 are jobs programs not defense programs >There's a reason procurement decisions like this are delegated to career civil servants - they have much fewer valid excuses to be socializing with vendors. This is simply false. Regular Capture and the revolving door are rampant at telecommunications companies The USA tries to have a worldwide tax jurisdiction, and fails at it The Large global companies spend millions on ultra complex business structures to avoid US (and EU) taxes. See GE and Apple as the most publicized examples but they all do it >UBI is a redistribution expense, that means, the government takes taxes from richer people, and distribute it to everybody. It does not have to be. I take a Georgist view of the topic which when applied to UBI can create system based on Commons Rent. Commons Rent would be fees on Natural Occurring Resources things like Extraction of Minerals, Forests, Fish. Fees on EM Spectrum (our current model of "selling" the EM Spectrum needs to end), geosynchronous orbits, air corridor usage (which can be very profitable in the coming age of Autonomous Drones). Pollution fees aka carbon taxes or other such fees. Included in that would be Land Use Fees, and many other things not listed herein It does not have to be a "take from rich, give to the poor" situation, it however does change the traditional attitude of natural resources as the marketable private property of the first person to discover them. Personally I consider charging an "application fee" to be slightly scamy anyway. I remember, many many many years ago, when charging such a fee was unusual and normally done by places I would not want to rent from anyway If you feel the need to run a background check on your tenants, that should be the cost of doing business Of course those times changed and one of many reasons I stopped renting... I would only pay it if it was refundable if you refuse me later, that is a compromise I am willing to make Places that have several hundred dollar non-refundable applications fees like the one in the story are the one I take issue with >>Content owners have - in principle, legally backed - the right to distribute their content in any way they see fit, and content consumers have the option to refuse that content if the format it is presented in is un-acceptable to them, this is a consensual producer-consumer relationship. you are giving content "owners" (and I use that term losely, because legally they are Copyright Holders not owners, copyright is not property) many more rights that are simply not granted by copyright law. DRM is used in way to massively exceed the authority granted to creators by copyright, they abuse DRM and you claim the rest of society must just "take it" because "that's the market" Well there is no "market forces" when it comes to content because the government grants upon a person a monopoly over a copyrighted work, this exhausts many market forces. Sure you can claim a general market of "Movies" but due to the nature of the product these are not interchangeable widgets that normally constitute a market. >If you feel 'bullied' to consume content with DRM the problem lies with you The "being bullied" is a weak argument, i will give you that, but what about platform or time shifters. Should the MPAA be able disable my bluray player with a code on all new bluray discs? Should MPAA be able to tell me which HDMI cable I must buy and which monitor on my PC is acceptable? Should the MPAA be able to force me to use Chrome instead of Midori. If I buy content today, that can play on Firefox, but then next year google revokes the Widvine license firefox uses, it is acceptable that now the content I paid for is unusable by me? >Moreover, it's clear that TBL regrets that early decision to the degree that he rails against the walled gardens. he rails against the walled gardens while at the same time putting things into the standard, like EME, they powers them. >Amazon has wanted to put sports rights on its Amazon Prime video service, Amazon wants me to cancel my Prime Video Service.... I would have rather gotten Season 3-n of Alpha House than Football or any other sports.. If they start investing in sports over premium content they can count me out... I have been a prime member almost from the beginning of prime, I own 6 fireTV devices, and a few Kindle's, I am deep in the Amazon eco system, I will rip them all out over sports.. I dropped cable TV originally because I grew tried of most of my payment going to subsidize sports, and having my channels interrupted with "Live Sports" Ahh so if you work for Dodge you can only buy a dodge? >>I can't read the damn thing on my mobile Continuing the off topic nature....I am still at a loss as to why people want to read websites on a mobile device, even if you have a 10in tablet is terrible experience IMO... I will take my 3 27in monitors over tiny phone display all day long... Medium looks fine for me... One of the problems with these devices is they almost always come with "free" cloud management solutions, meaning you pay a one time fee for the hardware, and get access to "the cloud" for life for no additional fee So the cloud services must be continually supported by selling new devices at an exponentially increasing rate to support both old and new customers.. In other markets this is called a pyramid scheme where new investors pay off old investors... I will not buy a IoT product that does not some with a Self Hosted management option, preferably open source, but at minimum installable binaries to run on my own server. If they want to provide their own service for the less technical clients more power to them, but for me self hosted or no buy They cancelled Alpha House awhile back, I do not believe I implied they cancelled because of NFL, I simply stated I think the 50 million would have been better spent on that show than buying any NFL garbage That said every company has a Budget, and the 50 Million they are giving to the NFL for their over priced waste of time is 50 Million they could have spent on quality original entertainment, or buying some back catalog somewhere. personally I would get more enjoyment if they released a video of Jeff Bezos burning 50 Million in a 55 Gallon drum... //I can not stand the NFL.... >So it was fine when my logistics membership was subsidizing your TV viewing, No, it is not. I have also advocated for a Shipping only Prime. I have a problem with the "Everything including the Kitchen Sink" Prime, > Do you ever need to control your garage door, while, for example at work? Use cases include - Closing the door because you forgot to close it when you left, or a child forgot to close and you notice on your Security system - Monitoring your system remotely and letting in 3rd parties with out giving them access directly - getting alerts when your door is open and closed They have improved this a great deal on the FireTV device where Prime content now has its own "Channel" just like HBO, Showtime, etc so you can separate what is Prime and what is Amazon Instant Video on the Amazon Main website you have to click "Included with Prime" to get the prime only content That is because they massively overcharge for unbundled Internet Service, you will pay for Cable TV, even if you do not want want it This throws back to the Phone Companies and DSL where you had to buy a bundled POTS line to get DSL. The Streaming services charge by Concurrent streams Cable TV is fixed. I have 4 TV's in my home, only watch 1 at a time, rarely 2 may be one at any given time. So I would have to pay for a 2 concurrent stream account. With cable I would have to pay for 4 Boxes 24/7 just for the option of watching TV on them. I remember the days where you paid for Service to the home, not service per device. then the FCC gave the cable companies a special exemption to allow them to start Encrypting the signal that is when they started to screw people over on the Box fees. I cant wait for the day the Electric Company can charge be by the outlet, and then start charging me more based on the type of appliance I plug into said outlet >> It all evens out in the end I guess. unlikely, most of the cord cutters I know did so for simlair reasons to me. We have no intrest in sports and grew tried of the Sports Tax on our entertainment content. Most of the people I know that still subscribe to a traditional packaged TV service do so mainly because of live sports Amazon is attempting to get more people to "cut the cord" with this move, but they are risking alienating the people that already have. >there is no shortage of horrific stories of police abuse from western/central Europe as well, for example The biggest difference is most of the time when an officer abuses the public in the EU they are fired and criminally charged In the US they are given a 3-5 day paid vacation while the police union and the dept find away to cover up the event, and the insurance company for the dept strong arms the victim into taking a no fault settlement that rarely even covers the medical costs for the victim Just because it is legally allowed or an established practice does not make it right Lots of things were legally allowed established practices until they were not; people realized they were unethical and immoral, hopefully people will begin to realize this practice is also unethical and work to abolish legal overselling This is incorrect The law says >Compensation shall be 400% of the fare to the passenger's destination or first stopover, with a maximum of $1,350, if the carrier does not offer alternate transportation Stopover is defined in the law as >>Stopover means a deliberate interruption of a journey by the passenger, scheduled to exceed 4 hours, at a point between the place of departure and the final destination. Thus the carrier is responsible for 4x the total cost of the ticket, from Pick to destination unless the connecting layover is more than 4 hours in length as to the point on "after fees excluded" the law requires compensation based on the full fare fare is defined as >>Fare means the price paid for air transportation including all mandatory taxes and fees SO while some fees may be included, if they are optional addons like baggage fees, upgrades, drinks, meals, etc. Any mandatory fees and taxation must be included Source: https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/14/250.5 > jetfuel is extremely expensive and produces a massive amount of carbon pollution Which is not relevant to over booking, >most of the airlines barely operate at margin as it is. False, extremely false >You don't want to be flying around in jets which aren't at capacity, you do not want to be flying around jets that have UNSOLD seats, you do want to be flying around jets that have SOLD but unoccupied seats, it costs far less in jet fuel the fly an empty seat than a 150-250lbs human with all their luggage. this is why the whole overbooking justification is bullshit. They lose money when they have to fly a UNDER SOLD flight, meaning the seats are empty because no one bought a ticket. They DO NOT lose money when they sell a ticket and no one shows up. The Rebooking fees, and various other fees more and compensate for the no-shows, and in some cases the fare is non-changeable non-refundable, so the person that does not show up has to buy a new ticket at full value. There is no ethical, economical, or any other justification for Overselling flights than Greed.. Pure and simple It should be considered fraud and should be illegal >>>The justice system is so fucked. That is because we do not have a justice system. We have a Legal System The rules, the process, the procedure are what is important in our system. Any Justice obtained is secondary to the legal process and legal procedures >>Copyright limitations are a reasonable thing for society to extend to content producers. No they really are not, and have never been Copyright, historically, is a tool for Information Gatekeeping, censorship, and profiteering. Not one of benfiting the Creators of content See the Talk on the History of Copyright https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhBpI13dxkI We see this every day in the modern era where copyright is used to censor critics, prevent research (especially security research), and prevents more content from being created by locking up ideas for over a century Copyright is a Negative for Society, and for Creators libdvdcss is also consider to be illegal for distribution in the US as it is circumvention tool in violation of DMCA It is a legal gray area if a individual who obtains libdvdcss breaks the law by using it, however no software vendor can include it if they are a US Company This is why VLC, Handbrake, and many other organizations that distribute it are very very clear they are not US Organizations and exist outside the Jurisdiction of US Courts >>On the better web Berners-Lee envisions, users control I have a hard time taking him seriously at this point, he talks about User control while at the same time advocating for the Advancement of DRM in HTML5 standard I can not square these positions, DRM is anti-user. You can not be for User control while also supporting DRM. Pick one >Users want drm. False. >they just want their movie. That is the correct statement, Most "users" do not know what DRM so they can not "want it" as you claim What they want is for their technology to work. DRM inhibits this. Gaming is an example where users actively are agaist DRM, because in gaming DRM often punishes paying customers BluRay is another example where Paying Legit Customers are punished as BluRay has a way to effectively brick BluRay players via their DRM update methodology Users do not want DRM, they want the content they desire on the Platform/Service they desire. >>So for the html5 to stay relevant, it sadly has to contain it. False Again. Netflix and Google has Achieved what Microsoft Dreamed of in the Browser wars of the 90's Vendor Lockin. No longer is HTML5 a open standard for all, in order to make a HTML5 browser for your platform that plays Video you must now beg Adobe, Microsoft or Google for Permission to use their proprietary bits. W3C has violated their Core mission statement, as such they are no longer relevant at all, they serve no purpose now. We need a New WHATWG, W3C is cancer There have always been Gate Keepers to knowledge. Technology is in many ways blasted down these gates for many. >>It's not to excuse the behavior of the police.. Sure reads like an excuse, Justification and Full throated defense of the police actions to me >>>I wasn't trying to take sides hmmm >> I'm supporting the cops doing their jobs over the person doing something without full knowledge of the situation Sure sounds like you are taking side.... I see this often when people excuse police abuse and over reach. They often claim they "dont want to take sides" or "dont want to defend their actions" but then proceed to defend the actions and/or take the side of the cops. >>if you don't trust them, then how do you trust that your cellphone or laptop isn't recording you illicitly? I dont, and I dont trust them, I am one of "those people" that places tape over the lens. I also do not own an echo, nor will I own this or any device like it I hate that Phone do not have removal batteries because there was a time where I did remove them. Some may call be paranoid, but only the paranoid are ever truly prepared I walk out of the room when sports comes up.... No Interest in it at all... Uber's problems are internal or started with disgruntled internal employees, Yelp's problems are External, Completely different. >>What people accuse Yelp of doing is pretty close to racketeering (or is? IANAL) and thus there is a high burden of proof. Where there is smoke there is likely fire. I am probably not willing to believe it is corporate mandate with the evidence shown, however I can see a Wells Fargo style situation where perverse sales incentives combined with lacking internal controls allows for Sales people and Middle Managers to cause some of these issues that have been reported. >>This highlights an important failure of total lassiez-faire: by restricting or distorting access to information What now? Do you believe government never restrict access or distort information to their citizens, it is only a failure of lassiez-faire... Historically governments are the largest propaganda machines As a supporter of Full Disclosure I believe it is irresponsible to follow the so called "Responsible" disclosure model. I dont believe it is "responsible" to leave people exposed for 90+ days while the vendor attempts to whitewash and cover up their vulnerabilities as it so often the case. While some software vendors might respond the vulnerabilities properly, most do not often wanting to blame shit, or even file legal action against anyone discovering vulnerabilities. While these attacks are not impossible on linux/bsd there are inherent weaknesses in design of Windows, Especially Windows XP/2003 that make these attacks more probable Also due to the nature of Linux being a Monolithic Kernel and open source, there tends to be less issue with backward compatibility issues with Linux making it easier to update systems that today companies refuse to update windows on because it is not compatible with older hardware/software Infact Linux often has the reverse problem in that hardware support for new technology often lags behind because hardware vendors focus on Windows first. >>A patch for the vulnerability exploited here had been available for months. Not for XP/2003. That patch was not generally available months ago Ahh yes the magic cloud, solving all security problems Move to the Cloud and never have to worry about security again /s due to the nature of Linux being a Monolithic Kernel and open source, there tends to be less issue with backward compatibility issues with Linux making it easier to update systems that today companies refuse to update windows on because it is not compatible with older hardware/software Infact Linux often has the reverse problem in that hardware support for new technology often lags behind because hardware vendors focus on Windows first. >Consider the fact that Windows has the best backward compatibility in the business, That is a complete and utter myth. Windows has terrible backwards compatibility, and changes to the Windows Driver model, and other changes require drivers and software to be completely rewritten between generations of windows. >while even drivers break across relatively minor Linux kernel versions and compatibility is likely to be a bigger problem with Linux. Where do you get this? Drivers are included in the Linux Kernel, it is impossible for a driver to "break" across minor version of Linux, if a driver breaks the kernel fails and is not released. >>Everyone who tried to decide over which version of a distribution to run should know this I have used Linux as my primary operating system for more than 15 years, I have been using Arch as my primary distribution for more than 5 years. I do not know this. >t's fine as long as you run the newest or don't need new things. So which is it, I am fine if I want to run the newest, or if a do not need the newest? Your statement is a contradiction >But once you need something specific and especially once you start installing things outside the package manager things go down hill quickly. No, not really... I install things all the time outside the Package manager, of course I know what I am doing so... >because if you make institutions choose between open source and proprietary solutions based on "updates" it's appstores, cloud software and subscriptions that will win. How so? App stores to not solve the Lockin problem the OP is talking about, if anything it makes it worse >>I don't share your views and judging by the development in things like e.g. configuration management I don't think I'm alone. How does the development of Configuration Management tools for linux support any of your statements? I fail to see the connection. Linux has needed enterprise configuration management tools for awhile, it is one area where Windows is better as there are many many many many Configuration Management tools for Windows. >>maybe I didn't express myself very well. I think this is true, because I still do not understand 1. What you are really system 2. Why you believe windows is better at any of these things than linux 3. How it is relevant to what we are talking about. Yes when you mix old and new things you may have problems, depending on the system. I however maintain you have LESS problems with linux than you do with Windows, having managed both systems in large enterprise environment, Windows is a finicky broken system that does not play well with anything. I spend the majority of my time fixing broken shit on windows. The idea that Linux is worse is laughable I think it assuming you believe windows driver problems are rare. Every time I get a new model computer or hardware I have spend many many hours testing, finding, and packaging the drivers to make sure the new hardware plays nice with our system, deployment systems and does not break other shit. >>It's only when acting under government direction that you should be immunized from liability. Why? I 10000% disagree that the Government should be immunized from liability in the first place. This entire mess is a direct result of the NSA not being held accountable and hoarding Vulnerabilities. Your reliance on government == good, everyone else === bad is alarming to me. That said, I do not believe neither the government nor a Research should be held liable under the circumstance proposed in the hypothetical we are discussion. I do believe the NSA should be required by law and policy to alert any and all software vendors to vulnerabilities they discover. >There are going to be people that blame Netflix for this, but it's really not their fault. There are going to be people that continue to excuse netflix and believe it is all pressure from content providers. News Flash for people that believe that, Netflix is a content provider now. They fully support DRM for their content, they are not being "pressured" by content providers to do this. They support anti-consumer policies like DRM, and are just like the MPAA in this regards Stop allowing Netflix to hide behind their PR machine and blame 3rd parties for polices they fully support and endorse No I do not believe for 1 second Neflix is being pressured by anyone to enact these draconian drm polices nor where they forced to support EME in HTML5. Netflix is just another anti-consumer, anti-freedom corporation. I am sure it is, I am also sure if netflix has a ethical problem with DRM, and is actually in active opposition to DRM they would put forth the effort to allow their content DRM free, eliminate geo-fences, and allow the app on Rooted devices limited to only Netflix owned content They however are not opposed to DRM like many people believe, they are Huge supporters and developers of DRM technology. If you oppose DRM, Netflix is just as much an enemy as the MPAA is Keep defending netflix if you want, they are not innocent victims of content provider threats, they are content providers. MPAA did not come in strong arm Netflix, Netflix is a willing and eager participant in the development and spread of DRM Name one thing they have done Why would they.... ohh you believe if you are an "Admin" on windows you have control over the OS.... no Redmond has control over the Windows OS, they have DRM built in well below "Admin" >>The gender wage gap does exist. It's simply a fact that women earn less than men. Not for the same work it does not. When you actually look at the data the vast majority of the so called gap is directly attributable to field of work. Right or wrong Teaching, Social Work,Child Care and Nursing pay less than Executives, Programming, STEM Fields, etc. There is now more than ever more opportunities for women to enter these higher paying fields, many many many still choose not to. Do you advocate for forcing Women into STEM vocation against their will? So is it gender discrimination when 2 people with the same experience of the same gender have different wages because that happens all the time. I have personally seen wide pay discrepancies between 2 people of the same gender for a variety of reasons. Timing in the market, Nepotism/Favortism due to personal connections, better negotiating skills etc Well 1. Root on Linux is not the same as Admin on Windows. Sorry 2. They do limit Linux playback to 720p, you can not play 1080p or higher streams on linux largely due not having control over the OS. I am failing to see how any of this data proves a gender discrimination based pay gap That is at best a correlation, it in no way says that men are promoted faster simply because they are men which is what your are asserting Correlation does not equal causation >No need to be sorry, but how so? With root on linux there is nothing outside of your control, With Admin on Windows there are still all kinds of things outside of your control. Just look at the Telemetry controversy as an example. No way for even an "admin" to disable it >I didn't know that. Is it done based on OS detection or is it just Netflix neglecting to support? In order to play HD Content you much have a OS that refuses to follow the Admin's wishes, instead follows the wishes of the OS Vendor. You much have full stack DRM built into the OS that is not bypassable. Currently the Only OS that support browser based HD Playback from netflix is Windows in the Edge Browser because MS DRM is built into the OS and the Admin of the OS has no control over it. https://help.netflix.com/en/node/23742 Resolution: Google Chrome up to 720p Internet Explorer up to 1080p Microsoft Edge up to 4K* Mozilla Firefox up to 720p Opera up to 720p Safari up to 1080p on Mac OS X 10.10.3 or later Mainly it has to do with PlayReady / Widevine support at the OS Level. Windows has PlayReady baked into the OS, and will communicate with the Edge Browser in a Secure way that can not be bypassed by any user on the System Linux and other browsers on Windows lack the ability to do this at an OS Level there for netflix limits the stream quality because the OS does not have the proper DRM Controls This is the exact same reason they do not want the Netlfix app on Rooted devices Since this happened over the weekend I am sure there are many business in for a nasty suprise on monday, as well users getting in contact with their "Technical Help" monday So I bet their plan was to infect as many as possible over the weekend, and see money roll in come Monday once the Business Decision makers are in play and IT has had time to say "Yea our backups are fucked so we either pay or lose all data" In this case it is passive. SMB in unpatched windows has a Remote Code Execution vulnerability that allows attackers to execute arbitrary code on your system with out your knowledge or interaction To mitigate, Install Security Patches in a Timely manner. Also note that only works on windows 7 and later, dism is not a tool for XP or Windows 2003 which seem to be the largest numbers hit by this since there is/was no patches for them >>the patch for this was already published few months ago 2 months ago, March 17th, and many organizations do not patch as often as they should, Many have even started delaying longer since MS patches of late have been causing more problems for people breaking Office, Breaking WiFi and breaking other critical systems with MS normal response of "opps our bad, well fix it in another month until then get fucked" > Additionally W10 Win10 has about a 12% Market share, about the same as Windows XP still does. Win10 has not been widely adopted outside the consumer market. >All this, and still WannaCry hit the main evening news, Made the news because of the numbers of systems, and number of high profile systems like Hostipols that were infected not because it was a Technical marvel of malware engineering It also made the news because the NSA is indirectly responsible for not disclosing these vulnerabilities when they were discovered until they weaponized them for their own gain. While I do not blame the NSA for this infaction, I believe they should be forced, today, to disclose to all software vendors any other vulnerabilities they want to play Hacker with.... 1. It was more than just a known known flaw, there was actual tools released, it was not simply "hey we know this flaw in SMB is there 2. Timely discloure is very important, and could have infact prevented this, If the NSA knew about this years ago then chances are far far far far more systems including the older XP/2003 system could have been patch, and some systems may have never had the flaw at all. So it is completely false to say that even if the NSA would have disclosed it when they found it everything would have still happened the way it did. The Patches where only released for Win7/10/2008/2012 2 months ago, many companies hold back MS patches for any where from 1 to 3 months because MS has shitty quality control. On top of that MS stopped allowing individual patches instead going to a "update rollup" meaning you take all of MS's shitty patches or none of them Further XP and 2003 Patchs where not released until Sat. > If a worm is based on the disclosure and hits two months after public disclosure of a hole, then it doesn't really matter if that disclosure happens in 2014, 2017, or 2020. Heck, in this case specifically it could be argued that the delay has been beneficial because we are now better equipped in general to manage such attacks. First off I never said disclose publicly, I said disclose to software vendors. Further you can not know if it disclosed soon after discovery, which I personally believe was discovered long before 2014, probably has been in the NSA inventory for a decade or more, it would have had a worse impact, or that a ransomware worm would have been developed 2 months later Ransomware is reality new in this kind of attack, most likly if this would have been released in say 2007 it would have been a Spam Botnet or a DDOS Botnet if anything, not Ransomeware. >>>If you can't deal with MS patch quality then don't frikkin use their software. Ohh that is the dream. I use bullshit like this to advocate dropping MS like a bad habit, every year I get more traction in my crusade to rid my company of MS Many of these systems infected are server systems, not End User Desktops. That said, yes in a perfect world everyone would have perfect backups, and perfect imaging systems that makes ransomeware a non-event, we do not live in a perfect world and it is easy to monday morning QB the IT Staff. Most IT depts are understaffed and corners are cut because you have to keep your head above water, business do not want to pay for proper staff or proper infrastructure, IT is a "cost center" that should be cut every year in perpetuity, after all everything is working so why do I need to pay you to sit there all day >>Until it mutates Already has, twice >ShellShock - Heartbleed - etc How many systems where actually compromised in an unrecoverable manner costing thousands or millions, maybe even billions of damage due to any of those Vulnerabilities? All of them combined to not even come close to the damage that occured over the weekend Shellshock, heartbleed were a inconvenience for some sysadmins and click bait for the tech press Yep, too many companies still use the Ring Fence approach to security, in a day where Mobile Devices and laptops are moving all the time this is very very very bad. All it takes is one infected machine to get behind the permitter defenses and it is game over. >>What do you think the best policy is for maintaining an effective arsenal and maintaining "0day responsibility"? I think the best policy is for them to not maintain an "effective arsenal" at all, the second they find a vulnerability they should report it. Iran becoming nuclear is a direct result of US Intervention in the region. so yes if we did not have a CIA then Iran likely would not be attempting to become Nuclear today CIA is attempting to clean up their mess > I am looking to buy a New TV now... Attempting to find a non-smart TV is very hard, not impossible but there are very few options... I bought my last TV in 2004, I want my next TV to last atleast 1/2 the time my Current TV has. There is no way the Embedded PC will continue to support all the new Applications and services in 6-10 years, I would be shocked if most of the smart TV functionality is dead in less than 2 years after purchase or if it does get updated it will run so poorly it will be nearly non-functional I just want a Display I plug things into, I have FireTV's Roku's and rPI's to provide the smarts... > Actually you should count all Adults not just "eligible" for a few reasons 1. No one once reaching the age of majority should have their voting rights taken, for any reason including criminality 2. The figures also do not include people of age who are ineligible to vote or have not registered. The "Have not registered" is a key part because many stated in the last 2 election cycles have been passing a number of laws to disenfranchises segments of the populations making it harder and harder to register 3. The concept of our nation is "Consent of the people", that is all people, not just those voting. the majority of PEOPLE reject the 2 candidates put forth buy the corrupted and unethical political parties then the government can not claim to have the consent of THE PEOPLE... Many many many Americans feel complete disenfranchised by the political systems that gives them 2 Choices that are equally terrible and corrupt. Forcing a defensive vote that is mainly against the person you do not want to win instead of voting for a qualified person you actually want to be in office. As a life long Libertarian, I have no interest in voting for either a Republican or Democrat Microsoft should Partner with AMD to pressure the big desktop and laptop OEM's to stop using Intel CPU;s I would love to see Dell, Lenovo and HP to switch exclusivly to Ryzen processors, And switch to the new Naples CPU in all their Server/Storage systems >The goal is to make the company’s workforce more nimble No the goal is to reduce head count with out laying people off. Companies that go from Remote to Non-Remote do it because it is an easy way to reduce head count with out having to Lay people off, it is a methodology to force people to look for work elsewhere. People that can not relocate or have built their life around working from home can not or will not make the transition back to working in an office easily. As such they will seek out employment that better fits their needs which is ultimately these companies goal because they want to avoid that "XX Company is laying off X,XXX people in the next quarter" headlines The story also talks about IBM and Yahoo and how they are doing the opposite of Automattic, this is where the quote is from and what I am talking about. While the headline is about Automattic the actual article covers more than just them >> Amazon welcomes re-sellers (which can span all market niches), while Walmart doesn't. This is false, You can sell things on walmart.com as a reseller https://marketplace.walmart.com/ There are not many resellers doing it, no where near as many as Amazon but many large online shops are embracing the Amazon Model, Newegg does it now, Walmart, and a few others. Amazon is also getting more aggressive with their resellers, putting in more restrictions, heavily favoring the Fulfilled by program where Amazon gets a larger cut, increase the number of blackout catagories, and increasing the number of items sold by Amazon directly which puts huge pricing pressure on Resellers that can not get the pricing amazon can. Several Niche and some larger brand have pulled out of Amazon completely in the last couple of years for these (and the counterfeiting problem) issues > You have to remember that the drug companies have effective monopolies for many expensive drugs. I think it is funny that the people demand the government force companies to lower prices caused by the government granting a monopoly to said companies why way of the patent system.... How about we just end patents. A world free of ads.... what a wonderful dream A better dream is a world free of marketing of any type I have never seen what value Blue Apron provides, Their meals are overpriced for what you get from what I have seen, I fail to see their value over simply buying the stuff local and and finding a recipe online for free. for their $60 per week to get 6 small portion meals I can buy over 2x that number of meals shopping at my local store, + snacks and other household items >Try finding tandoori spice rub, or pink lemons, or dried currants I guess that is the other difference for me, I am no interested in these complex meals with these odd ingredients. Give me a protein, some greens or steamed veggies, maybe a baked potato and a salad I am good to go... Anymore I am getting to the Meal Prep Sunday style of cooking where I make a batch of something, then reheat it through out the week. I like simple good meals. They are chasing market share, they used to have the goal of being the best preforming, most customizable, and most secure/private browser... The market share came with all those things. Today they see Google Dominating because of Pure marketing, so they want to chase that dragon... They are killing everything Mozilla stood for in the process. The bigger question is if Canada can enforce their regressive idea of Free Expression on US Service providers simply because of their presence in Canada Canada has no concept of the 1st amendment,Canada as all kinds of limits on Speech that will never be allowed under the US Constitution. Huffington post Story http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/tom-kott/freedom-of-speech-cana... None of these would be Constitutional in the US https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hate_speech_laws_in_Canada Duke Paper on comparing Free Speech in the US vs Canada http://scholarship.law.duke.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=... i can find more examples later if you want. My claim was that Canada as no concept like the 1st amendment... Canada does not offer the same level of protection in their constitution as the US Constitution does Canada's "Free Speech" code is much weaker, to the point that is not a Free Speech Code.. Of course I am a free speech absolutist so... Except Free Speech is a Binary, and that is exactly what Canada is doing,... punishing thought crimes. >Lots of Americans like to think that as soon as you moderately curtail freedom of expression, you've crossed some threshold You have crossed a Threshold >and you're now North Korea. Nice strawman you have there..... >it's possible to have reasonable constraints on expression! Proving you do not have or support Free Speech, you support "Reasonably Restricted Speech" which is not the same thing >>But just as you can't yell fire in a crowded theater, Please stop with that https://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2012/11/its-tim... >or threaten the president, Actually you can, the Secret Service will investigate to determine if it a "True Threat" but the number of people actually prosecuted for threatening the president is exceeding low, don't confuse the Secret Service Investigation with a suppression of speech. >Most people would call demanding the right to incite hate deeply regressive, and indeed, it is the most regressive who need that protection. Speech that is popular and not offensive does not need protection int eh first place So much wrong here where to start.... >>>I think you'll find if you look closely that Canada is an entirely different country than the US and the United States government cannot define free speech globally. Pretty sure I clearly stated this fact in my comments, further at no point did I say the US could define free speech globally, in fact in this discussion it is Canada not the US attempting the define speech globally. I was asking if Canada feels it can define Free Speech in the US, and how that would be a violation of our constitution because we have higher protections for free speech than Canada. So clearly I understand Canada is a different nation. >>>There are many human rights provisions in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms that the United States does not have, which include limitations on free speech when it is intended to or has a high likelihood to infringe on the rights of others. This is actually false. If you believe that you completely misunderstand the history and purpose of the the US Constitution, and how that differs from the Charter of Rights in Canada. The US Constitution is not a complete enumeration of rights, in fact if you read the Federalist Papers you will see a concern that the Bill of rights would lead to some people misunderstanding the purpose of the Bill of Rights, leading them to believe it was complete enumeration of rights when that was never the intention of the Founders. The US Constitution is a document that grants government power, any power not expressly granted to the government in the Constitution is a power forbidden to the federal government and is reserved for the States and the People. In contrast the Canada system of government where the government starts from a position of total power and the Charter of Rights removes some power from the government, this is a critical difference in how our governments are structured. The Charter of Rights in Canada is the total enumeration of rights for Canadian Citizens. This is the opposite approach of the US Constitution. >>>I should add that civil courts in the US will award damages for libel to victims, regardless of the 1st amendment. You can also be charged criminally for direct threats of physical harm. US History it riddled with bad court rulings, some of these are what you are referring to. Yes at some points in history the Supreme Court has been derelict in their support of Free Speech as required by the Constitution. True-threat jurisprudence remains a muddled mess. That however does not invalidate my statements, far from it. In recent years the Supreme Court has been rolling back many of these Terrible Terrible rulings of the past, restoring Free Speech to its proper constitutional level. On the topic of civil liability, I do not find awarding damages for libel to be a form of censorship, Rights come with responsibility, so you are free to libel or slander or defame, but if you cause that person actual articulable damages then you will be responsible for those damages, that is not censorship. It should be pointed out that generally speaking in order for this happen in the US you have to be making false statements of fact that you knew to be false at the time you made them... Making true factual statements is a absolute defense, a protection not found in some other nations, however I am not sure if Canada has such a defense. >>>Before you talk further on a topic you don't understand I'd suggest actually reading our constitution and not repeating what has been told to you by other Americans on the Internet. I understand the topic of US Constitution very well, I will admit to be less knowledgeable on Canadian law, however I have seen enough news stories, and actual cases to reach the conclusion that the US has better protections for Free Speech than Canada Does. Your prohibition on "hate Speech" which seems to be expanding to even include calling someone the incorrect pronoun, or the fining of Comedians, and the arresting of Americans for “smuggling hate speech” on their iPad the is pretty much proof positive that Canada has lower free speech protections than the US. >I remember feeling that way, and wondering how a rational person could see it otherwise. Because history has proven time and time again that government can not, and should not be trusted. >The presumption in the USA is that government is fundamentally untrustworthy and our enumerated rights exist as a protection against the government. The presumption in the USA is that rights are not enumerated at all, we do not have enumerated rights. The Bill of rights is not designed or intended to list all of the rights a person has. The constitution is a document outlining what government can do, if the constitution does not give the government the authority, the government is prohibited from acting. This is almost the exact opposite of however other nations government is authorized where the government is giving total power and then some government powers are prohibited or limited. I do not see how any rational person would want to give government near unlimited power. There should not be protected classes.. All people should be treated the exact same under the law Self Awareness Zero.... So if I oppose all Religion, if I believe All Religion is a threat to the safety, security, and mental health of people. If I believe indoctrinating children into any religion to be a form of child abuse. And I wish to give a talk, or wish to write a book on said subject, you believe I should be barred from speaking or publishing said book in Canada as "hate speech" The current price is $400 per year not $199, if you get a discount or have a grandfathered rate that should not be used as a talking point to defend their pricing as a person signing up today will not get that rate. So you have to base the argument on today's prices... What about purposefully, what about if someone proclaims I must use Zir to refer to them and I refuse... Largely because Ayn Rand was not Libertarian, she founded Objectivism and has complete disdain for many Libertarians of the time. Objectivism shares many things in common with small subset of Right leaning Libertarian Philosophy Anarcho-Capitalism, but not all Libertarians are AnCaps despite what they (anCaps) claim >>The only play it has left is to bully partners That is the only play it has ever had... It has bullied its suppliers since almost day 1, Certainly since Sam Walton died... This is just an expansion of the bully tactics to other areas of the business beyond the Buyers, but it is not a new tactic. They used this tactic to great success to kill off a lot of competition in the Brick/Mortor Retail space. USPS is barred by law from signing an exclusive contract like this, to Walmart would just have to refuse to use them. UPS and Fedex, I highly doubt either would agree to it, but it is not impossible to see one of them go with Walmart and One go with Amazon but highly unlikely The race to the bottom is the elimation of those jobs completely. Today a store that used to have 5 cashiers needs 1 to monitor 5 self checkout stations. Amazon and others are working on eliminating that final job... They are also working on ways to fill the shelves with no human involvement, and robot shopping assistance that you can ask for help we are probably less than 10 years away from the first retail store with no human employees, or at most 1 or 2 to monitor the robots I hope self hosting makes a come back... The internet is far far far too siloed today >> I don't get it. $15 / hr minimum wage laws While that is likely true, the ROI as much faster with a 15/hr min wage. Ensuring that more and more companies automate at a faster rate, when we as a society have done nothing to address the problem this creates. We (society) are increasing the minimum wage with out figuring out what to do with all the unemployable people that do not have the education, experience, or in some cases the talent to command a wage that high. The belief is that companies will just "eat" the added costs because they are simply greedy today and can "afford" to pay more, these types of robots prove this will not be the result and what will be the result is massive unemployment Only if you use a Popular Platform like Android or Windows. If you use less popular platforms (Linux, Ubuntu Phone, etc) DRM makes it impossible to access content you paid for. Also if you Root Android, or modify the "approved" platforms in anyway... BAM the DRM kicks you out of your paid for content as well >>but this DRM is now running on a sandbox environment I see this said many times, and it is highly over rated. while Technically speaking yes it calls for a "sandbox" but the need for "Computer Verification" means the CDM has to have full access to the entire system to verify the evil user is not attempting to capture the output. So the sandbox is not really protecting much unless the operating system itself has the CDM integrated as is the case for Windows. So on windows the CDM might be in a functional sandbox but on linux or any other non-proprietary system it is unlikely the sandbox will protect the user from a bad CDM, and given windows track record for security I would not put much faith in their sandbox either. On the security front I do not believe it has changed much, this idea that the CDM will be more secure seems to be more PR Marketing than actual fact. Further given the refusal of companies to sign onto a Non-Aggression Pledge to protect researchers from DMCA liability it is likely any security issues in the CDM's will go unreported for fear of legal repercussions. >>>Now, if you're against DRM, instead of complaining about W3C spec'ing it out and browser vendors implementing it. You should stop using DRM content. Why can a person not do both? Why does a person that has ethical problems with DRM, and view the actual existence of DRM is a threat to their personal liberty be silenced or told to STFU as you have here? Bad ideas, like DRM, should be continually criticized until they are dead. Vocal opposition as well as monetary boycotts are both valid and should be used to oppose bad ideas like DRM One of the reason people are opposing video DRM so strongly at the w3c level is we fear it will not stop with Video. Images, Ebooks, Fonts even the web pages themselves are all a target for DRM Supporters. There will come a time that the F12 tools will be useless because the entire page itself is being served via a locked down CDM style plugin. This is just the first phase of killing the Open Web in its entirety >>it's how they feel about it that matters Yes and that is how a Technical Standards body should be making decisions, based on people/companies feelings .... That is filling me with Confidence that the open web is in good hands with the w3c... A lot has changed since 2014, including the adoption of Google Widevine CDM over Adobe Access CDM. The sandbox has also changed as have the requirements from vendors and content provider. and while firefox has protected the user better than others, this is also why Firefox is restricted to 720p by all content providers and will likely never get anything more than 720p because they do not allow the deep Operating system inspection and bypasses required to allow for HD and 4K content. Currently only MS PlayReady on windows 10 is allowed to play back Netflix 4K content because PlayReady is built into the Operating System and treats the User as the enemy. Mozilla in their ever ending chase to recover some market share has proven time and time again they will sacrifice privacy, and their more Technical User base in order to keep up with Chrome and get back some "regular users" So if Netflix says "We will give you HD content if you drop the sandbox and give widevine full access to the users system" I have little reason to believe Mozilla will not say "Yes Sir Mr. Hastings, anything you want" And when they did that, the Content providers responded by saying "Ok then we will only allow you access to low quality content" i.e you can only stream upto 1280x720 resolution on firefox, no 1080 content, and no 4K content.. Today that has low impact, in a few years that situation will be untenable for FF and they will be "forced" to cave once again in order to appease users that do not care about privacy or security >> but for that part of the management that is in charge of the outsourcing program, after moving on to greener pa$tures. But that is outsourcing "working". that is the intended goal of those managers, to aid themselves not the company not the employees but personal advancement It does not make it better for the companies, but it does make it MUCH better for the employee, as they now have 3 months to find a job before having to dip into any savings, retirement, or make painful phone calls to creditors looking for payment forgiveness and other things Companies generally do not tell you 3 mos in advance you are being laid off, so if there is no severance then you are blind sided and are instantly with out income I would much rather my layoff come 3mos sooner and have 3 months to look for a job before having no income, then been "allowed" to continue to work 3 months longer with no severance >>You get unemployment but it's administered at the state level and in most states it caps out at under $800 a month, but it's been a while. My state is 50% of your pay upto ~$1,500 a month, this seems to be about the average, i can find no state that under $800, the lowest is Mississippi coming in at $940 http://www.savingtoinvest.com/maximum-weekly-unemployment-be... > A moderate mortgage is twice that. That depends on where you live, using Mississipi as an example, the average home is $113,000 with a traditional mortgage the payment would be $576 no where near the $1,600 you caim is a "moderate mortgage" In my area in the midwest the average home is closer to $150,000 however that still would not be a $1,600 mortgage That would be about a $360,000 mortgage, almost double the national average home price >>On top of that, US companies don't like hiring people who have been laid off. This has largely been disproved as a myth or as out dated thinking, that may have been the case 20 or more years ago, but I do not believe that is the case today >The US still hasn't gotten over it and it's been going on full force for 20+ years now. The US still has not gotten over it but it has not "been going full force" for 20 years, far from it. Government Intervention in the market, and various other factors masked some systemic problems, in the attempt to prevent more damage the government and other actors have simply band aided over the problems that are now a festering infection just waiting to be exposed >>>They are just replaceable cogs in our machine. Which matches how most corporations see their employees They are Human Resources, to be consumed like any other resource 1. Yes and the claim I was refuting was the MAX was less than $800 per month, at $235/wk that means the max is $940 per month, which is more than the claim I was refuting 2. If you earn additional income then yes the government benefits should be reduced, I fail to see why this is a bad thing, Unemployment is not a job, it is allow people to have some income if they find themselves with out a job through no fault of their own. if they are getting income from other sources they should not be collecting unemployment as they are not unemployed 3. See #2 4. There are some exception to this (like changes terms and conditions of employment), but unemployment is for people that find themselves jobless through no fault of their own, if you are at fault for your joblessness you should not collect unemployment as it should be assumed you understood the consequences of your actions which created your joblessness 5. Yes a person on unemployment should have to prove they are seeking employment, I fail to understand why this controversial. No the government should not pay for you to take a vacation or "recharge your batteries" 6. What are "Job Search costs", going to indeed and sending emails cost money now? by health care I assume you mean health insurance, which is really different than health care. And is really well outside the topic of this conversation, unemployment is not designed to cover health insurance costs nor should it. Probably because they were a YCombinator funded company, and this is a YCombinator site Fat chance that happening, if anything we will see increased restriction on who is allowed and not allowed to "research" security limited to only government approved contractors that file for permission to do with the FBI >If that's what content creators want, isn't it in their right? No, they have no right to control my computer >>Now you don't need to install Flash or ick Silverlight to do so. I dont think you understand how EME work You still need to have a CDM, which is functionally the exact same as a flash plugin, the CDM's are not part of the standard, Adobe, MS and Google are the only providers of the CDM's so every browser not made by those 3 have to go begging for permission to include the binary non-open blob in their browser if they want to use EME for media Then you would want pass-tomb https://github.com/roddhjav/pass-tomb#readme >The rights holders and/or distributors have every right to demand certain conditions for you to view their IP. Information isn't free unless the holder says it is So you believe "rights holders" rights are unlimited, and they should have the power to demand anything? Surely not. "Right Holders" have only the very limited rights granted to them under copyright law, some people including myself believe they have too many rights but they sure as hell are not unlimited like you seem to imply. They do not get full and total control over their content, only the control allowed under copyright law which has many limits and exemptions including but not limited to fair use rights for the public, and a limited in duration term which they have those rights The purpose of copyright law is NOT to protect the creator, it is promote useful sciences and exchange of knowledge. Copyright is to help promote creation FOR THE PUBLIC GOOD, not personal profit. People seem to forget that Copyright today seems to be at odds with its constitutional purpose, its legal reason for existence and none of what you posted has anything to do with what we are talking about when it comes to EME or DRM HBO does not need either to protect me from selling Copies of their content on iTunes. EME and DRM is about preventing users from utilizing their rights under copyright law to format shift, time shift or consume content they paid for on the devices they desire, instead Hollywood wants to be able to charge the consumer no only for access to the content, but seperatly for each device, each view, each access, and be able to control when and where they view said content preventing users from view their content if they happen to travel internationally, or buy a device not blessed by Hollywood none of which is allowed under Copyright law directly, but because of the provisions in DMCA preventing breaking of DRM they have illegitimately gained these rights and are using it to violate consumers fair use rights wholesale And this is how Google Drive Unlimited becomes Google Drive Limited... Like every other Unlimited service, because people like this abuse the shit out of it then when it inevitably dies they run around exclaiming "dont blame me brah they said it was unlimited...., shouldn't have called it unlimited" That is what they said about Amazon Cloud Drive and every other Unlimited service that came before it right up to the day the Unlimited Service died Except for the fact that when Google, Amazon and the rest talk about "unlimited" they are referring to unlimited PERSONAL storage of data you create as a person, this would include backups of your personal computer, photos, important documents,etc Not backing up SoundCloud or the entire Internet for $5 a month Except for the fact that when Google, Amazon and the rest talk about "unlimited" they are referring to unlimited PERSONAL storage of data you create as a person, this would include backups of your personal computer, photos, important documents,etc Not backing up SoundCloud or the entire Internet for $5 a month Nothing is unlimited, it does not exist. Unlimited is a marketing term used to express simply to the consumer there are not overall limits placed on your storage provided you adhere to the rest of the terms of service. In the context of data cloud data stroage when Google, Amazon and the rest talk about "unlimited" they are referring to unlimited PERSONAL storage of data you create as a person, this would include backups of your personal computer, photos, important documents,etc Not backing up SoundCloud or the entire Internet for $5 a month So if you are a amateur photographer then storing 10TB of photos you took on the service is acceptable, downloading 900TB of music files you do not own, you did no create and have no permission to "as a backup" because the service is going to go under is abuse. >>I don't understand why people seem not to mind being lied to their faces, Because most rational people use common sense and logic to come to the understanding that when a company is offering you "unlimited" storage for your PERSONAL FILES, they do not intend for you to go out and download SoundCloud as backup in case the SoundClould Service goes under Just like when a "All you can Eat" buffet does not intend this to mean "All you can eat in your entire life" where by you fill grocery bags full of food to take home with you Jesus H Christ.. People are too f'in litteral, first Unlimited === Store everything every created PERSONAL in the context of the discussion would include documents created by a person in general course of business, my point is very clearly and only pedantic trolls do not understand the meaning of point I was attempting to address. Business use would be for the business that signed up for the service, not for storing an entire copy of SoundCloud The problem is they dont downsize to a "reasonable" 10TB, they over correct in the opposite directly like Amazon did, and people that used the service as intended get fucked. >>All you can eat is actually quite specific, but for knuckleheads like yourself it is usually clarified in writing in other places. It's all you can eat while at the establishment.. How am I a "knuckle Head" in this situation, when I go to a buffet I eat a normal human portation of food inline with price I am charged for the meal I do not eat 25 plates full of prime rib for $5. I do not abuse business simply because "I technically can because it is in the rules" I fucking hate people that look for these types of technicalities to exploit in society. These types of people are exactly why there are pages of Terms of service, and why we can not have nice things, because people can not be trusted to not abuse shit. I am sure it will be a Whole Food Organic Meal kit ;) detest them all you want, advocate for companies not to use them but do not justify bad abusive behavior as a means to "call out" the companies. 2 wrongs do not make a right and all that. Your Hypothetical situation of victim payment NEVER happens Most Cars seized by the government are because they found some small amount of drugs are paraphernalia in the car and seized it I can not think of a single instances of what you claim playing out IRL, so I would love to see where your source is that shows cars seized by the government are legally bought off of former drug dealers then seized by the government from the new owners. Even under Asset Forfeiture I do not believe that would be legal. they are also seizing houses from parents because their child has small amount of pot... This defense of Civil Asset Forfeiture you have concocted in your mind is weak and not at all inline with reality The coverage Stopped? Funny I am seeing new updates as info is made available Google News has 2 stories on the front page and simply search shows new stories being posted in regular intervals with the lastest on 34 mins ago so no the coverage has not stopped I was referring to the hypothetical of a innocent person buying a car from a drug dealer unknowingly, then at some point in the future the police trace the VIN and seize the car because it had been owned by the drug dealer in the past, then selling that car and giving the money to the victims of said drug dealer that also apparently killed someone. That is the situation the comment I was replying to that was concocted to support Civil Asset Forfeiture Further the article is talking about all Federal Seizures not just Civil Asset Forfeiture, the comments I was replying to isolated that to Civil Asset Forfeiture JPMorgan Chase money on behalf of the Madoff criminal prosecution was not a Civil Asset forfeiture Edit: To add, I have no problem with, and most organizations have no problem with CRIMINAL asset forfeiture, which is where the government charges a person with a crime, convicts them then seizes assets that person owns to pay restitution to victims of crimes. Civil Asset Forfeiture is not that, and where most people object calling it basically theft. The government do not charge anyone with a crime, you are not afforded any due process or rights, and you must prove your property innocent in order to get it back Civil Asset Forfeiture is an end run around the constitution, and basic human rights. it needs to be abolished Yep, and in CT is seems 93% of revenue cam from the Federal Sharing program http://ij.org/pfp-state-pages/pfp-Connecticut/ It goes right to their budgets and they do not have to worry about little things like due process or constitutional rights. >Some people just don't want to rejoin society. Why choose life when you've got heroin? I dont have the stats you are looking for, but even if it is ineffective and some people do not want to rejoin society, how is locking in them in a cage an ethical response to that? It is also a problem of people confusing CRIMINAL asset forfeiture, with CIVIL asset forfeiture. CRIMINAL asset forfeiture they can seize drug money provided they prove an individual committed a crime and link that asset to said crime beyond a reasonable doubt Civil Asset forfeiture they have do not have to prove a crime was committed, and the person has to prove they obtained the asset legally. Criminal Asset forfeiture if you can not afford a lawyer one is provided to you, Civil Asset forfeiture you are simply SOL, so if they take $10,000 from you, and a lawyer want $10,000 to fight your case well why bother? Civil Asset Forfeiture is a end run around due process and the constitution It is much harder to prove yes, that said however there are often other crimes committed by the wife/brother/etc like Ta Evasions, Money laundering, etc that would be used so even if the base crime is drug dealing, but the wife/brother/etc if they are getting a Airplane via drug money then chances are there is some other violation of criminal law they did in the transfer of that money to buy the plane. There are 2 common things that lead to a seizure, people have in their possession large sums of money or valubake assets while traveling. A minor crime in commited (like having a small qty of drugs) so the police take unrelated assets sometimes not even owned by the person. Example is when the government seized a persons home because their child had drugs in their room. Most of the cases the government has to prove it is "more likely than not" the property is connected to a criminal event, this is a terribly low standard is given the number of laws on the books easily overcome by most prosecutors However as IJ States in their report Policing for Profit https://www.ij.org/images/pdf_folder/other_pubs/assetforfeit... "if property is used illegally without the owner’s knowledge or consent, the burden is placed on the property owner to establish her innocence in court, not the government to prove otherwise. In other words, a property owner is guilty until proven innocent. " They continue with "In reality, few property owners, especially low-income individuals, can meet the burdens of civil forfeiture proceedings and often do not challenge seizures of their property. This is especially true when government seizes property the value of which would be greatly exceeded by the time, attorney fees and other expenses necessary to fight the forfeiture. As a result, many property owners do not and cannot challenge forfeitures, and the government obtains the property by default." That is what happens most of the time, the process is soooo slanted in favor of the government people just give up and do not even attempt to fight. The government then twists that as being "proof" the property was gotten via illegal means and often cited as the "system working" There are a large number of people (Including reason.com) that have been complaining about this for decades, long before Trump or even Obama. And yes people should be "losing their minds" over the elicitation in these tactics. >>The problem is that "Asset Forfeiture" appears to work in making drug dealing (and other black market criminal activities) a much more risky business. Citation, I have read alot of reports and studies on this subject none of them support our position >Net neutrality is dying because no one has been able to make a compelling case for it that can be understood by constituents, I disagree, I think the case can be easily made but it is being drowned out by the ISP's and their supporters with a MASSIVE wave of disinformation, and false information. I have spent the majority of my time in discussions not attempting to explain why Title II is needed, but simply attempting to cut through the bullshit that has been spread. For example the most common attack is that "the internet was fine with no regulation" and the feeling is that opposing NN means no regulation with bumper sticker "Hands off my internet" type of sayings When In reality is a Debate over Title I vs Title II regulations, and if a Internet Service provider is a Telecommunications company (clearly yes) or a Information Services companies (clearly no) The ISP's and their supporters have tanked any opportunity for real debate with a massive propaganda and disinformation war.. which they appear to have won No what you are going to see is Zero Rating with extreme Caps "Want 4K Content, Use HULU and it will not count toward your 1TB limit" "Want unlimited music, Our new Xfinity Music Service is now allows you to enjoy all the music you want with out worry about going over your data cap" Then ofcourse will be fast lanes "Tired of your 4K movie buffering, Try the new Xfintiy On Demand, Guaranteed not to buffer" Someone did not read the story it would seem..... >They have made it an "internet freedom" issue when internet freedom is not a problem at all. Example of the disinformation... >If there is a threat on internet freedom, it's already there and it's Google, Facebook, Twitter etc. who can pick and choose what a user can see on the internet. They can? How do they do that? I do not use Facebook or Twitter at all, and used google very very limited having transition to DDG as my search provider over a year ago... Does facebook control my Arch Linux Computer... shit.... >> while ISPs, at best, can block individual IPs. Please tell me your not serial.... You really believe the is "at best" all they can do... really... You just keep highlighting how successful the disinformation campaign is... >>Yes. What else can they do? Most traffic is secure and the internet is moving more and more towards secure traffic everywhere. ISPs can't intercept the content of the traffic. So, they might block the IP of the server but they can't block the information if it is shared in social media for example That is funny right there, see the difference is people have a CHOICE to get their news from facebook (which facebook is not a news organization but anyway) or some other source I however do not have a CHOICE in broadband internet providers, I use comcast or Nothing, there is no other option for me. I have CHOOSEN not to use Facebook instead I use other services to communicate with friends and family, I can not CHOOSE the use another ISP as none are available See the difference... But continue to educate me on how uninformed I am on this issue despite my near 20 years working professionally in the field >>but the fact that you are on the side of the argument which denies you that option. How will Regulating ISP's under title I give me more providers? Title II regulation could if the FCC would do it force the Comcast to resell their service wholesale like in the 1990's but nothing under Title I provides the FCC the ability to do that So explain to me exactly how Rural America that barely gets 1 provider will magically have multiple providers wanting to run separate infrastructure to their 5 homes >I'm done here. Yes you are... you have lost the argument, your are done here because you know this. Go tell your comcast overlords you did you best and collect your silver Machine Learning will put a stop to that there are several project right now working completely fabricate audio and video in realistic ways... Make people that use the resources pay for them. the national parks are almost fully funded by the people that visit them. I do not use any of the Local Parks, I do not pay Pokemon Go, I do not have a use for either People that use the parks should pay for them, then if there is an increase in activity from something like Pokemon Go that means Revenue also increases to pay for the increased costs to maintain the asset. >>Unfortunately, if parks were mostly paid by the people using them, we would have no parks. I am fine with that, it is not ethical to take money from people by force to pay for things like this, if their was value in the community for a park then the community would find a way to voluntarily pay for it, if there are not enough voluntary support in the community to fund the park then the park should not exist That is what AppLocker, Software Restriction Policy and similar things are for >>Mozilla will be hoping to attract power users They already had the power users, which they have now told to get screwed when they killed the extensions to chase the performance benchmark Trading Usability and the ability to customize the browser for something that is "fast" but you cant do anything with it... Useless is what it is IMO This is the difference between a sports car and a truck. Me I drive a truck, it might be slow and cumbersome but it is versatile and customizable, I haul people and things, I can add a camper, I can do all kinds of things with my truck. If I had a sports car it might be fast but I would be limited in the places I could go and the things I could do They are taking the FF Pickup and turning it into a FF Sports car... I have no interest in a sports car Vmware, ADP, and Several Other very large Enterprise Vendors use Flash, Infact some of them just made a transitions from Java to Flash after Java announced the EOL of Web Browser Applets. Sadly yes... VMWare is one large one. I know of a very large company that has been over the last couple of years moving from Java to Flash, so it will be amusing to what their reaction will be to this news. The problem is that the new API are not and can not be as powerful as the XUL based system. It is impossible. The new Chrome Replica Web Extensions can never be as powerful as the old system. As far as I know TreeStyleTab will still not be compatiable and it getting resistance on enabling the API needed to make it work like it does today. It will end up being a far cry from what we have today and more like the Ridiclous and unusable "SideTree" menus that are available in chrome. No TreeStyle Tabs, no FF for me. that is non-optional. I will switch full time to vivalidi that has a less feature complete vertical tabs built in. There are also many other Addons I use today that look like their are going to be discontinued post FF 57 for API or other reasons. I am well aware of the excuse used to sell the Chrome Clone version of Firefox. I have used Firefox since Version 1, I was beta testing Firefox back when mozilla suite was still the focus I never adopted chrome, and I do not like the User Experience or the limitation of Chrome. From EME/DRM, to Web Extensions, to who knows what else, Mozilla is killing the identiy of FF all in the name of chasing market share it will never get back. FF should be focusing on privacy, stability, and the ability to customize the browser for you. Instead they are focusing on Mainstream placation, performance, DRM, etc Mozilla has made it clear they no longer want people like me as users, that is fine after over a decade of support I will see myself out... Doubtful alot of the Recovery Act was for One Time Construction projects, like paving a road. There were also alot of one off projects like sending people out to help with Energy Efficiency in homes. There was not alot of long term stable jobs in there. I dont think the government should be paying for any job. I disagree with this corporate subsidy, and I disagreed with the Recovery act So if you go to the mall, and in the mall a seller sold a counterfeit item, then you believe the Mall will be shutdown, not just the individual store in the mall? Really? because that is what Amazon is, an online shopping mall >> Their chipset designs were inferior to Intel's but they had great CPUs. In my experiance that is false. the Space heaters what where the P4's where unstable and had continual problems compared to the Athons. I almost never had a problem out of a AMD based system but Intel based was a constant stability battle The Core line up changed that but it was not until after the Core2Duo's that Intel really started to surpass AMD >If there was a monopoly over the last decade it was only because AMD wasn't producing a competitive offering. It was not because of marketplace abuses like Intel's been accused of in the past. This is also objectively false for any market outside the DIY/Gamer space. Intel made known, and proven anti-competitive deals with many OEM PC builders to ensure they would not offer AMD Chips to their customers Ref: 2010 FTC Anti-Trust Settlement Then you have the whole Patent battle of x86 itself which created the Douoply of AMD/Intel excluding all others from the market which Intel would have loved to have to itself asserting patent rights on the various x86 technologies. So no you can not say that Intel is on top only because they have/had an objectively better product, though out Intel entire existence they have attempted to everything in their power (and some of it proved to not be so legal) to kill any competition to their market share not with innovation but with contracts, patents and other uses of the legal system They continue this pattern today with their not so veiled threat against Qualcomm and MS over having x86 apps run on ARM while at the same time attempting to Sue Qualcomm for their aggressive enforcement of patents and restricted licensing of same >That is separate from saying that changing the legality of it impacts the usage though You can not before treatment and for keeping it illegal. These are mutually exclusive, as treatment for drug addiction has to be voluntary on the part of the user, and often time criminal convictions, and stress of legal issues are what drive people to use drugs. We will have to see how long that lasts Right now there are not enough of them on the road nationwide to justify a secondary shops wanting to service them, however if they meet their goals with the Tesla 3 there will be This will result in law suits against Tesla if they do not provide a way for 3rd parties to make parts and service the vehicles as there are multiple federal laws the prevent this type of locking down Car manufacturers have tried this in the past, it always fails to work out of them. But they want you to Rely on Github... if they could find away to make Git only work with Github they would in a heart bet. Github is not a open source company, it is not really even a supporter of free software IMO they are a danger to free software for this very reason. They are following the old school Microsoft model of Embrace and Extend... I am waiting to see if they can extinguish, Well I made 2 claims.. 1 Claim was that Github is not a open source company, and they are not. Their core business is not open source, yes they have some side projects that are, but so does MS, I do not believe anyone is going to say MS is a "open source company" the second claim I made is they are a threat to free software, I used free software here for a reason, free software and open source are different. GitHub may support some Open Source things, they do NOT support free software. Tom Preston-Werners infamous post on open sourcing only some things ( http://tom.preston-werner.com/2011/11/22/open-source-everyth... ) Is a key piece of evidence to prove this. Git hubs general actions over the years show they do not support free software at all, and have limited support for Open Source software. They are classic Free Software leaches, using and abusing free software not for the ethical reasons around free software but to advance their profit center See I am support free software for ethical reasons, not monetary reasons. That is with out even getting into the MASSIVE issue that is having all of these open source projects on a SINGLE platform. Unless you think github is "too big to fail" which I can assure you it is not And you believe that makes them an "Open Source Company" To me in order to be a Open Source company your primary product must itself be Open Source. RedHat as an example... RHEL is open source GitLab.. GitLab is open source These are open source companies Hiring a few devs for work on some side projects that are open source does not make one an Open Source Company If they open GitHub Core then they can claim to be a open source company More likely they got sound legal advice and realized they could not actually win in court, or their investors killed that idea as a waste of money You do not hear about many VC funded startups initiating lawsuits for a reason. That is the realm of established companies. It is partly the MS EEE model and partly the Adobe model, where they give away free or low cost services to get indivuals hooked, often at young age, then when they are employed at larger firms they push the firms to adopt that software internally. Get a bunch of Open Source Developers to do your marketing at their "real jobs" so they can sell the Enterprise Version. Since GitHub is a private company it is Unknown (at least I can not find the info) if they are profitable or not, or what their revenue numbers even are so it is unclear if that is a successful plan or not. GitHub could very well run into the same problems as SoundCloud. It is a side project for the company, as are all the other projects you mentioned As I clearly stated, GitHub can not be a Open Source company simply because they hired some devs to work on Open Source Do you consider Microsoft to be a Open Source Company? Most police body cam models have batteries that last for 12 hours of recording, enough to record an entire shift One more reason people need to stop posting/sharing mobile links. Yes, Finally, all browser will be chrome clones, just what we need... Sad times indeed, when people celebrate mono-culture and the lack of options... W3C is leading effort to kill the Open Web and everyone is just clapping long... EME, Browser Extensions, what will be the next thing W3C will sell to its google overlords? Pointing to another company and saying "Well they would be more evil" is not IMO a valid defense. Just because Microsoft is more anti-competitive than Google does not change anything I said It should be, the US Constitution should apply to government actions ANYWHERE not just actions on US Soil, the US Constitution was never designed to be geographically limited, it was designed to limit what the government was allowed to do, period, in all cases in all lands, everywhere Sadly the US Court Systems has stated it does not have the authority to apply the Constitution to the US Government when the US Government is acting outside US Soil, it is a ridiculous standard but.... The courts have no problem enforcing many many criminal laws on people even when the crimes occur over seas They just have a problem applying the law to the government when the actions are over seas.. Nice little loop hole they carved out for themselves... How so, the entire purpose of the Constitution is to be a limiting document on what the States and we the people have authorized the government to do on our behalf, not just do on our behalf with in the Geographical regions commonly known as the United States for starters 4th Amendment, and 10th amendment, then there Article 2 Section 8 which does not grate the authority to create and agency such as the NSA or preform international Spying thus since the constitution does not expressly grant such authority the Federal Government is barred from such activity When ever I think the US Legal System has to be the most insane system ever, I simply look up EU Laws and cases and then realize how much better the US system is even with all its screwed up flaws... The idea that Accepting an donation from PIA could be even remotely considered money laundering or terrorism financing is beyond insane to me >>Patreon is not a government body. Ok, and. Do you believe only governments are a threat to free speech? Free Speech is a concept that every person, every company, every government should work to up hold. While governments can and have been the source of censorship, that is not the only source. Today free speech is under massive assault not by Government but by Society at large, society it seems have lost all respect for the concept, instead of holding the position of "I disagree with what you say but I will fight for your right to say it" people instead hold the idea "I disagree with what you say so I will boycott companies that hire you, or allow you to speak, or do anything to even tangentially associate themselves with you" and increasingly people have the position of "I disagree with you so I will punch you in the face" This is very very scary and is direct assault on free speech. Sigh... Such a predictable response I should have address this in my original comment Sure the Right of association, and I suppose property rights give them the legal ability to this. However most of these platform publicly and loudly proclaim themselves as "Free Speech Platform", open to all points of view, open to all. Even in the public responses to the outcry over the bannings on Patreon their first statement was "See support free speech but...." Once they add the but, they show themselves to not be supporters of free speech, instead they show themselves to be supporters of limited speech as defined by theit terms of that is acceptable speech. Saying "We Support limited acceptable speech" however does not make for a good sound bite. Claiming to support free speech while imposing speech codes, rules and terms is Fraud IMO. So if platforms want to censor, want to limit speech fine, they need to stop claiming they support free speech when they do not. To do otherwise should be considered fraud Most of these platform get to be very very large to the point of more or less monopolistic due to their claims of supporting free speech, then once they are the market dominate force they bait and switch their users and become a limited speech platform. That is a classic old as time form of fraud. >>I think the scarier prospect is people thinking that property holders should be forced to act as law enforcement within their domains, and to make determinations about civil rights. I am not even sure what that means or the point you are attempting to convey here, Nothing I stated indicated that property holders should be forced to act as law enforcement..... >>Free speech simply says that you can't be arrested for speaking. No, that is not what "free speech simply says" Free Speech is a ethical axiom. Even wikipedia does not have such a limited view of the concept, the first line in the Wikipedia entry on Freedom of Speech is "Freedom of speech is the right to articulate one's opinions and ideas without fear of government retaliation or censorship, or societal sanction" See the "or societal sanction" part. >> Read the story about Sarkeesian's thing. Those people were there specifically for harassment. Maybe you need to read unbiased news because they were not, nor did they do anything that could even remotely considered harassment. Attending a talk of your political opposite is not harassment Though I do think they went WAY over board on the reaction to being called "Garbage Human" but I understand why as they are correct if the roles where reversed the SJW reaction would have been FAR FAR more dramatic... >>and I cannot be upset that he was banned. He was banned? From where? > 50 years ago you could write your pro-nazi holocaust denying op ed but it isnt a violation of free speech when the new york times refused to publish it. The New York times also never publicly advertised themselves as a "Free Speech Platform" that was "open to all persons and views" >they are saying that horrible things shouldn't be said on a massive platform that millions of people see Well one, it is clear you yourself are not a supporter of Freedom of Speech. Two, so do you believe that a massive platform with millions of people should be forced to sensor speech you find to be "horrible" One of the things I always question when people start classify speech as "horrible" is who subjective it is. For example I think it is "horrible" that the christian region is given prominent placement in society. I believe the views of the Christian Region to be "horrible" and I consider indoctrinating children into said religion to be abuse. Would you support a massive platform banning all references to Christianity? And if they did would support them calling themselves "Supporters of Free Speech" while doing so? //and before the Christians get all butt hurt, I oppose any and all organized religions, I think they are all bullshit. Christianity however is the most popular religion in America so I use it to highlight my point >As for the rest, it would appear I'm thinking more from an (American) legal perspective and the implications of various measures that might be taken, No you are seeing me state that is a violation of Freedom of Speech and jump the erroneous conclusion that I desire some kind of law, or legal penalty for that violation. I do not. I merely want to people recognize that it is infact a violation of the concept and stop defending companies when they violate the concept or at least stop saying that is "not a free speech violation" when it clearly is. If you support the censorious actions have the balls to call them censorious and stand by them. > Am I violating someone's right to free speech if I refuse to listen on account of exhaustion? Would my old college dormitory's "quiet hours" be considered "societal sanction"? Aside from the fact this is strawman lets address it anyone Inaction on your personal part of not listening would not violating the other persons right to express themselves. You showing up where the person is speaking with a bull horn to suppress their speech is, setting fire to a building to shut down speech is, blocking the entrances to building where speech is taking place is, boycotting advertisers is, calling employers and getting people fired is. See all of the examples I give are POSITIVE actions people use to SUPPRESS the speech of others. As to your college dorm "quit hours", this likely would not be a free speech violation either provided the dorms where not promoted or advertised a public space where people free to express themselves and that the hours where clearly known , established and enforced uniformly. How if there were not published quite hours, and tue night there was a vegan rally that was allowed to occur, but then on wed night there was gun rights rally that was shut down because of "quite hours" then yes I would consider that to be free speech violation. >> as it would to many pro-gunners who are usually big on personal property rights. You do know there are many gun owners that advocate for passing laws that make signs stating a property is "gun free" to be unenforceable as a matter of law right? And view "gun free" government buildings to be unconstitutional Antifa seems to have alot of support, they are inciting violence.... Do you support them? >>Yelling "fire" in a crowded theater Actually you likely can https://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2012/11/its-tim... https://www.popehat.com/2012/09/19/three-generations-of-a-ha... No "Hate Speech" is not a form of assault, nor should it be treated as such Further the entire concept of "hate Speech" is rife for abuse and is antithesis of Free Speech. How do you objectively define "Hate Speech", do you trust government to define this, that is a scary thought if you do... Guilty until proven innocent huh? You believe everything the government asserts, at face value? >>Through these institutions we attempt to develop laws, regulations, and codes of conduct, that attempt to define acceptable behaviour, rights and responsibilities, protections, and punishments. This is where I disagree. I am proponent of Lockean natural or self evident rights. Government's sole purpose it is protect my individual rights that I have simply because I exist. These rights are an extension of my Self Agency or Self Ownership. Government is not to define what is "accptable behaviour" or to define what my rights are, or what codes of conduct is to be. Law should simply be the collective organization of the individual right to lawful defense. This common force is to only protect persons, liberty and property. Outside of the clear concerns about if this person is falsely accused of creating malware for the purposes of victimizing people one concern I still have not seen addressed widely is the issue of US enforcing laws on an international level Even if all of the charges are true, these "crimes" would have taken place in the UK or where ever this person is living outside the US, so how then can the US justify charging them with violation of US law. I know this is not the first time this has happened, nor will it be the last time this happens, but it is increasingly concerning that crimes completely committed online are open to US Jurisdiction and sets a TERRIBLE precedent. As a US Citizen I do not want to be held to another nations laws, laws I may not be familiar with, because of my online activities. It is only a matter of time before a EU nation attempts to extradite or arrest a US Citizen traveling abroad for a hate speech law violation or some other violation that occurred online from the US which is not a violation of US law but is a violation of EU Law. >>And your "only a matter of time" slippery slope has already happened: several EU nations have taken legal action against US-based online retail/auction sites to require compliance with laws against selling Nazi symbols or memorabilia. And I hope you'd understand that no matter how much you might argue "but I wasn't even in Germany", Germany will come after you if you offer to sell and ship items to Germany which are illegal to sell/ship there. No that is infact not what my "slippery slope" argument is.. No where even remotely close to it Shipping an item INTO the nation means clearly you must abide by their laws, what I am talking about would be Germany attempting to take legal action because I operate a website that has nazi symbols on it that a german person happens to visit. >> There is nothing new, radical, revolutionary, terrifying, unprecedented, etc. about this idea. Seems to me that there is since the US is not just prosecuting people for their direct actions against US Computers but seem to be going after people many many steps removed from those actions that have the thinnest of connections to US Interests. This seems to be new and radical and terrifying from my point of view Do you support the US in doing this? You seem to imply you have no problems with the current state of affairs >>So, let's just put it clearly: suppose someone who is, at the time, not physically present in the US, breaks into a computer system which is physically present in the US at that time. So your strawman has nothing to do with the topic at hand The US Government in this case is not claiming this person broke into any computer system, they are saying this person developed a tool that was then sold (outside the US) to others that then may have been used by unnamed 3rd parties to break into computers. So to make up a true hypothetical, if a person A in Russia make a small computer program that cracks passwords. Then sells that computer program to person B in Russia, then person B uses that program to break into a US Computer, did person A break US law, and be charged under US Law? I say no, you clearly believe yes. >>Seriously, read the indictment. I have, and to the extent a conspiracy occurred that conspiracy was completely in another nation so to apply this to your analogy if this shop selling cricket bats with a owner that provides pointers to beat people up with it is located outside the US, then the person they provided pointers to travels to the US to beat someone up do you still believe the shop keeper has violated US law? I still do not So then what is your Opinion of SciHub... The owner is not in the US, has never been to the US the servers are not in the US and what they are doing is not illegal in their home nation but they are being sued in US courts I am sure the "unidentified co-conspirator" is unidentified because they have a deal to talk and will likely not be charged or has a plea agreement so no trial We dont know what was actually sold, or what was paid for, or who paid for it. Of course the government in a government indictment will states "he sold malware" but the government is known to lie, exaggerate, and use terms incorrectly or out of context when talking about technology. Taking the indictment at face value is IMO extremely naive The timing does not shock me, it is most likely they flipped someone when they took down Alpha Bay which was recently >>Why is this "sending a chill through the security community"? because a lot of legitimate security research when viewed through the myopic and cynical lens of a Federal Agent can be seen as illegal, this is an ongoing and ever present fear for people in the field. The FBI claims he is a malware creator and arrested him for it, you seem to believe fully this narrative of the FBI with no room for the FBI to view completely innocent actions as something else. No room for the FBI to be in error, no room for the FBI to be wrong. The government has routinely, time and time again, over extended and prosecuted several people wrongly under CFAA, which is a terrible and broad law that can be applied at will to many innocent every day computer actions. No. The FBI claims he created malware, an unnamed co-conspirator is charged with selling it So you generally believe people are guilty until proven innocent, and I always believe people are innocent until they are proven guilty. I never take the government word for anything, and generally assume the government is lying at all times. History supports my position. I find it extremely alarming how quickly people just believe the FBI's assertions as fact with almost no actual evidence being presented Actual prosecutions of malware creators are exceedingly rare to almost none existent. As such I believe there are extreme pressure on law enforcement to "Make an example" of some malware creator, or anyone they can even remotely connect to the creation of malware. This pressure I believe will lead them to over reach on CFAA like they have in the past in other "hacking" cases https://www.wired.com/2015/10/cfaa-computer-fraud-abuse-act-... So while I can not point to an example right now, that is simply because there is a general lack of case law in the field to begin with, nor does that support a position that the FBI is correct in this case, or would never go after a innocent security research, their history defies that completely. >> Sounds crazy, I know. At least you admit that believing the FBI is crazy, maybe there is hope for you. https://w2.eff.org/legal/cases/Intel_v_Schwartz/schwartz_cas... Seems to be clear example to me I does not, the vast majority of the law I disagree with See I can not support the concept of 3rd party lability. I should only ever be responsible for my actions, not the actions of others, and I have no responsibility or obligation to stop any crime. >People love to talk about how the FBI has a history of framing people --- and in other fields they might. But there is no track record I'm aware of for the FBI to make up a story like this out of whole cloth. No? It is fairly common in Terrorism cases. I fail to see why they could not do it for Cyber Crime as well https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20120917/05193620404/fbi-c... https://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/08/us/fbi-isis-terrorism-sti... https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20150316/17433230331/fbi-p... https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20140722/14463127971/repor... Want more? I am sure people like Richard Jewell would share belief that "as a bystander believe an innocent person is guilty, it's not as big a deal." Innocent people have their lives for ever ruined with nothing more than false accusations, and not being found not guilty at trial does not change that. Further I would like to see where you get your belief that police are correct 75% or more of the time. It seems to me you have a very favorable opinion of the American legal System, this tells me you have very very limited first hand experience with it and like view of from rose colored world view never having known anyone personally that has been ground down to nothing by this system that is IMO largely unethical there is no federal law or guidelines, or requirement for expiration dates on anything but infant formula, and I do not consume or buy infant formula Those are completely Voluntary and used for Stock Control not food safety As to speed limits and sharp turns I drive for the road conditions for the most part, so no I do not always slow down around sharp turns unless there is a posted speed limit for the turn for which I would be subject to arrest or fine for violating. No he was tried by the public, something you seem to support based on your comments or atleast do not see as a "big deal" if people assume a person is guilty based on the FBI belief they may have done something wrong it was the FBI that pointed the Media to him as a suspect. No the "10%" rule makes his BOND $3,000 which he would pay to a Bail bondsman and and lose forever. You can put up $30,000 Cash or some other asset as BAIL then that is returned to you in full after the trail Or you can pay a Bails Bondsmen 10% of that, as a fee, they will put up the court a 30K BOND then assure the court they will make you appear or pay the court the 30K if skip You as the individual however lose that $3k. You assume that is their goal, to actually convict him of a crime FBI is known for arresting, and indicted people with crimes that carry LARGE sentences to use that a leverage to turn those people into informants. Extortion is a power tool used by the US Government The government has also been shown to be very vindictive and has a strong desire for revenge. Wanncry was a massive black eye of the US Government, I think everyone believing there is zero connection between his involvement in that and this indictment is also naive. I also fail to understand why you believe "computer crimes" are handled differently than any other type of crime, why you believe the DOJ would frame people for "other types of crimes" but never computer crimes, like there is some prohibition on entrapment when it comes to computers... Generally I oppose these types of laws because they are never used for the rare cases where Joe says John "hey John hand me your handgun so I can kill my wife" Instead most often these types of laws are used to prosecute people under a "should have known" scenario. Examples of real situations of 3rd party liability that have been used to send people to prison 1. Jim takes a friend to a bank, the friend goes in and robs the bank. Jim though the friend was just withdrawing some money from his account but Jim is arrested and convicted of aiding his friend in the robbery 2. Jane does not have a license, a police officer attempts to stop Jane, Jane panics and runs from the police. The Police officer runs through a red light while in pursuit and kills a bystander, Jane is charged with murder. >>He’s going to go through a trial by his peers No if he goes to trial it will be a trial with humans on the jury but that will be as close to his "peer" group as it will be 1. They will not be from his nation, but will be Americans 2. Most of them will likely be Computer illiterate, as the prosecution will excuse anyone that even owns a computer 3. They will like be older and outside of age peer group No it will not be a jury of his peers, unless simply being of the same species is all you consider to be a "peer" >>he’s not likely going to receive the max sentence, and even then he likely wouldn’t serve the max sentence for a nonviolent crime (he’d be paroled). The max sentence will be used to extort a guilty plea, happen every day to innocent people Parole is still considered in service to your sentence, you have massively diminished rights and you are not considered a "free person" while on parole, you simply are serving your time outside the confines of a cage. Given this is a non-US citizen that complicates parole as he would unlikely be allowed to leave the US while on Parole. On this being a nonviolent crime, nonviolent crimes in the US Legal system are often punish more harshly then violent crimes, Many nonviolent crimes have mandatory minimums, where as almost no violent crimes do. Saying this is a nonviolent crime so it will be "easy" or the punishment will be lessened is factually incorrect when talking about the American Legal system Where in the history of the US Legal system has it given me any reason to have "faith" in it? The US Legal system is rife with abuse, corruption, and unethical actions, there is zero reason anyone should have faith in it >In the terrorism cases, a sting would be the FBI giving someone a fake bomb No that should be entrapment A Sting is where they get a tip that criminal action might be happening and they are there to catch the criminals in the act Not where the FBI creates the plan, induces people into the plan, provides support for the plan, provide materials for the plan, then arrests everyone. That is or should be considered entrapment, which I also consider framing someone Then they would have just filed for extradition They have done that before with UK citizens charged with online crimes, Richard O'Dwyer is an example of that Well I would say drug dealing and using should not be a crime in the first place but that is off topic. >Trial by jury of your peers was implemented to prevent the church and royalty from judging the commons. I understand the purpose and you seem to have taken my comment to mean something it does not. It is also ironic that you mention the church because given the geographic location where this trial will likely take place Ultra Religious people will likely be involved. Further while I do not believe the jury should be made up solely of computer experts, I also do not believe computer experts should be excluded simply because they are experts in the subject matter of the trial which is what happens. My biggest problem is around the process of jury selection. I think the idea that "Humans are social creatures" is spread by the part of humanity that are social creatures and us introverts are not normally around to challenge that assertion. While undoubtedly there are many many humans that desire to socialize and be around other humans, there are many of us that find socialization less enjoyable. So while I personally have benefited from periods of social interaction, I'd much rather be in isolation and self reflection. I found this to be a pretty good rebuttal to that https://medium.com/@silverstrike/i-like-how-you-portray-the-... The summary at the end of "Get over yourself. You are not as special as you believe yourself to be. At that point, I gave up on your pathetic and emotional diatribe. Your piece is devoid of any logic, reason, or sense and serves as a way for you to virtue-signal to the rest of the world how much of a “stand-up guy” you are." Is spot on how I read that Medium post. I found nothing of value in the Ex Googler's commentary. Honestly I think this more Authoritarian / Libertarian than Right / Left. I personally am Left, Libertarian Left. I disagree with many of the assertions in the memo, however I do not believe he should have been fired. Most of the drum beating from SJW's and Diversity Police are from an Authoritarian World view, where tolerance of views they disagree with is not allowed, can not be openly discussed, and should be suppressed by any means necessary We need to expand the conversation beyond Left / Right, to include what is means to be Authoritarian, or Libertarian I understand all of that, but you put it in the context of Center/Right persons forming groups and finding employment with Center/Right Organizations I do not see where that solves the discourse problem, all you end up with is a bunch of Authoritiarna Right companies in a Right Echo Chamber and a bunch of Authoritarian Left companies in a left Echo Chamber The solution is to get back to promoting true free expression and the idea that "I disagree with what you have to say, but respect you for saying it" Free Speech is under massive assault, but not from government but from societal sanction which is just as bad and just as dangerous Societal sanction has a habit of becoming Government Censorship in short order No, this is one of the problems we have in society today is this misunderstanding of Freedom of Speech Freedom of speech is the right to articulate one's opinions and ideas without fear of government retaliation or censorship, or societal sanction Not just from government censorship, but from SOCIETY censorship as well Governments, at least Western Government, are a reflection of society in general often delayed by a generation or so. As such if society deems fit to Censor something often that translates into the government censoring the same thing just a few year later. We must be always mindful of threats to free speech not just from government but from society at large. It is incumbent upon everyone to respect everyone else's freedom of expression, individually No they dont, which is one of the reason I work in Tech well outside of Silicon Valley... and have no intention of ever working in Silicon Valley. I would rather live under a bridge than work in that region... >>the GOP has changed substantially in recent years. Both parties have. Both have gotten more extreme and more polarized. From Antifa to the "Alt-Right" Saying that only the GOP has changed is only looking at one side. >is that the GOP is now seen as a party that entertains such nutters. That is largely due to media coverage which only highlights the nutters from the GOP, never the Left, and never any Sensible Members. For example you spoke of Obama and how the GOp embraced the "racial joke" birther non-sense, did you ever see this video on your news of John McCain? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrnRU3ocIH4 Granted this is from the 2008 election and maybe that is outside your scope of "recent years" There are just as many crazy people in the Democratic Party as the Republican Party. and I say that as a supporter of the King of Crazy parties, Libertarian party, where we had a guy strip on the stage of the National Convention last year.... American Politics... when it stops being crazy I will be worried