Is that a joke? Why would anyone vote to make that a crime? I through that three felonies a day is an exageration, but I'm definitely guilty of switching train cars. I suspect that while American kids might have been dragged into it by schools and teachers whether interested or not, international kids were all interested in it or at least choosen by teachers as good students. Also, I do not know how many languages do they support. However, if it is only english, almost all international participating kids are someone who learned foreign language. Which rules out worst cases. As far as I know, there was huge campaign in usa involving president and "everybody has to code" slogans. As far as I know, there was no such thing elsewhere. Many COD and WOW players are adults. According to some stats I read, an average player of big single player games is more then 30 years old male. So I assume that many of them will play multiplayers too. Plus, I know many adults that play those games. I'm not sure that COD is "ultra-violent". It is violent of course, but not much more then an average action movie. No, but death in most action movies are much more effective. Meaning they "feel" more real and killed people are more real. Plus, they are often framed in real world like story and often as positive action did by good hero. Killed guys in COD are just pictures - they have no personality or story. The action is in context of warfare and no one there is believably "good" and "bad". Only better at shooting. I do not think you can judge violence in such simple way. To use analogy, the movie reservoir dogs has scene with ear cutting where nobody dies. That scene is way more violent and disturbing then dozens of killed enemies by James Bond. I had multiplayer in mind - most call of duty players do not play campaign. But yes, that scene was debated a lot. I think that scene is something that makes Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 a game for adults, the same way as ear cutting scene in reservoir dogs makes it something for adults. As far as I know, other call of duty games do not have such scene. I may be wrong on that one through. He made list of some of the biggest very useful projects available for free and called that hall of shame. I especially like "Heaviliy-depened upon but abandoned or barely maintained" point. Should we really shame mainteners for not continuing free support of their open source projects? "Heavily-depended upon" kind of suggests "useful for many people". I do not really care whether they do not have time anymore, lost interest or died. It is still better for me if people abandon projects, then if they never even start them for fear they will not be able to maintain them forever. Sadly, middle management in large companies is full of miserable schmucks like this. They tend to get promoted, have pretty good salaries and rather small work-time. It is sad, because good middle management tend to make huge difference. It is exactly the position where these do the most damage. Or maybe Java has more huge projects then Scala or simply different kind of projects. Springs fits some projects better then other projects - duh - and they have to be big enough to make it really useful. I have no beef with spring, found it useful and not that much complicated in the past. That does not mean I'm going to use it in every new project I'm about to start. Because they want to hear yes. So, they will keep looking for it even if you start with no. Woman that wants to study computer science or like coding will have no trouble to go to study it. However, if a girl is not sure what she wants to do, she will almost certainly NOT pick up computer science, because it is thought about as a boy major. Conversely, if a boy does not know what he wants to do, he is likely to go for CS, because that is the "usual" decision. Not every boy who went to study CS was dreaming in code since elementary school. Most of them learned to code in college. However, CS girls I knew usually picked it up because they really wanted to do it. "They can do the work at night or over the weekend, so they don’t have to leave their current job in the meantime." If I spend night working, I'm tired next day. Not sure if it is shocking. If I spend weekend working, then I just lost most of my free/family time and not surprisingly, I'm tired during next week and produce less in my regular job. So, the hourly rate is better be competitive with salary. Otherwise I would just consider them freeloaders trying to get some cheap labor. I agree with some points in that article. I remember that overly nice teachers aiming primary for fun often taught us very little. It was pleasant, but we have been behind. However, I believe you can have high expectations without being jerk about it. But: 0.) Practice is not the same as rote learning especially in math above third grade. Practice in math means that you have to solve many different exercises and occasionally having to come up with solutions by yourself. Practice in math means that you are occasionally faced with exercises you have not seen before and you have to logic-think your way out of that. Rote learning is quite opposite of that. Drilling essentially the same exercises over and over is opposite of that too. Incidentally, those international tests try to confront students with unfamiliar situations and measure how they perform there. 1.) Why is everybody so obsessed with multiplication tables? It is something 6-7 years old have to learn. I just doubt that whatever happened in the first grade is all that much important years later on when you are 16 years old (age those international tests are done). Even if you had worst first grade teacher in the world that did not taught you how much 2+2 is, teacher in fourth grade was supposed to force you to learn that. How come it did not happened? 2.) Is it possible that while super tough teacher in the beginning could be great for talented committed students, but not really match for average one? Only student with huge commitment and talent would persist and all others would gave up. I was such average kid in music, hated that and stopped playing as soon as I could. It is quite possible that if I would find at least something enjoyable on lessons, I would learn more. Of course, it does not really matter whether I play music today. But, it would matter if I would learn to hate math or computers the same way as I hated music practice. I think that it depends on what exactly are you tough about. You can have teacher that is strict and tough and happen to insist on less important things. Made up example would be math teacher assigning two hours a day of exercises and worksheets on simple equations, while other teachers already moved on and successfully teach "difficult" equations. Made up over the top example would be teacher that checks your notebook every other day whether it is nice, organized and colored. He would assign three hours of work of cutting and pasting and coloring and what not every day and make you rework historical diorama five times. However, that teacher could still miss that you have no idea what happened during historical period he is teaching and do not remember single name or date. I'm pretty sure young techs are able to learn technologies they not have been taught into. Well, yes, but sports can possibly teach that only for those who play e.g. team. So, if the team excludes average students and take only almost professionals in, most students do not get to learn any of those things. So, you have maybe 30 player learning those things while trying to get into paid adult league and the rest of students being fans learning essentially nothing. I doubt those "between 8% and 10% of the school's football and basketball players" who "are reading below a third-grade level" are getting much education. At best, they are getting an empty degree. Are there truly that many useless philosophy/liberal arts majors? According to stats I read, most students actually go for majors that are currently in demand. What happened during depression is that majors in demand changed and the one that looked good when you started is not good anymore. Plus, some law schools exaggerated success of their students. Not all STEM majors and not all computer related majors are in demand btw. GPL software was not created in order to provide free labor and tools to all businesses in the world. If you do not want distribute your software as GPL, scanning every piece of software for GPL is exactly what is expected from you. I'm not saying that I would not contribute it non-GPL software. I do not mind companies closing their products. However, GPL people do mind companies closing their software. So, those companies not using GPL libraries, no matter how useful is perfectly OK result. Many open source projects that accept donations. Look for "donate" page or button. Look at homepages of projects you would be willing to pay to. To be concrete, if you donate to tor, you can choose where the money will go. I do not think it is a book you are supposed to read from start to end. It is more a book you randomly open when you feel bored or tired, read part of random length and then close. Kind of book equivalent of opening facebook/news for 5 minutes and then going back to work. Except that you learn little bit each 5-10 minutes long session. " I will disallow anyone I'm in a conversation with to google facts with their phone. " If we are talking about something, (as opposed to just chatting around) I prefer when people look up facts they are unsure about. Especially if the alternative is guessing out of what they vaguely remember. What is exact benefit of driving web away flash? It would make sense if the alternative would be open, but it is not. First question: How is java code more tied to whatever framework it is using then javascript one? Second question: are you sure javascript code owners will constantly refactor their old finished but functional projects to new tool chain instead letting it live while starting new projects? I like to open multiple youtube tabs at the same time and then watch videos one by one. Most of them are in flash and I have flash block, so they do not play until I actually click on them. Some youtube videos are not blocked by flashblock and it is highly annoying when two videos play at the same time. Some new site use autoplay videos too, and again, I like to open multiple tabs and then close them at the same time. Of course I can figure out which tab is causing it, but it is annoying having to do it. With this feature, I can just kill it. Systems like this are too easy to abuse. You dodged one hell of a bullet. Either they were entirely incompetent or about to exploit you. Wanna bet which one? Isnt working 80 hours a week ineffective due to you being tired soon and burned out after few years? Assuming that really work those 80 hours instead of chatting, browsing or mindlessly staring into screen. I read some studies about that. Maybe I believe them cause I am European. Or maybe cause I did worked a lot in the past and my experience confirmed studies. My experience was different. Failing the business is a social tragedy only if you took too much debt. If you simply find a job afterwards, then it is ok. At least among my friends. I love my work. I do not believe it is a good reason to pay me less and pocket the difference. The chances are that I will love work in other company too. The developers there essentially take 30-40% pay cut in order to work 25% less hours? I would find to cleaner to sign contract for 6 hours a day instead of 8 hours a day one and then slack away the difference. Is it possible that manager there is trying to change local culture? Second thing that bothers me is the "any expectations of us, beyond that we produce quality software according to schedule" part. So, he works in a company that makes over-estimates work. That is unusual and something to be thankful for, but I do not find it "fair" to abuse the situation. If we buy that argument, then manager is in perfect position to pack schedule much more in order to keep them there as long as he wants. My opinion is that management that leaves some room for unexpected problems in schedule someone to be treasured and not taken advantage of. My advice would be: starting dead march anytime sooner then last week and half is irrational. I do not believe authors estimate of three weeks 80 hours, that is too long too much. It may feel good, but it is not a good idea. First, you need to keep clean head and think eg.) * prioritize and cut everything non-essential, * being organized is not waste of time, but do not overdo it, * prioritize again and cut everything not super essential, * sleep enough hours, * eat regularly and real food, * take short break after every longer subtask (!short - measure it!), * be conscious: if you find yourself staring at the screen or procrastinating, then it is good time for short break, * use the above breaks for short but intensive physical activity, * socialize less then usually, but find some time to socialize anyway. Important: * have good testers and let them check for regressions as often as possible. Really, they are more valuable then new programmers on team. If you need to achieve something exceptional, you need to think clear above all. The idea "wait we do not have to do it at all" saves more time then all clever hacking in the world. And if you do not sleep and do not eat, you will not be clever anyway. As for last point, most people need to talk. If they do not get to talk out of work, they tend to get more talkative in work. That means a lot of wasted time. The last thing you want is to unconsciously use team meetings to satisfy your communication needs and waste everybody's time. It is ok to bundle things together eg. run to grocery store for food (3 in 1: physical activity and break and food). Unbundle project and yourself: it is not failure not to achieve impossible. Is there anything you can push to other people? Some self contained part or may something mechanical they can easily learn? Isn't there a way how to teach those adolescent males to behave like humans? If their behavior is that bad that it makes uncomfortable learning environment for other students, then it needs to be addressed. I'm woman and my experience is that most adolescent males are not apes and are able to act like human. Separating them by gender is accepting bad behavior as norm when it actually is not a norm. Young polite males are often off putted by pseudo-masculinity too, but you just told those that they have to suck it up. The stereotype of adolescent male being half ape is as a accurate as the stereotype of woman being way too much emotional. Despite stereotypes, most young males are ok people and most young females are able to reason rationally. The lack of male teachers is considered a problem by many people in education. A lot of words were written and conferences organized on the topic. tl;dr: the consensus seems to be that it would be better if there would be more male teachers so the boys would have more teachers to relate to. @DanBC There is not that much evidence and I do not see best education system in the world moving to gender educated classes. There is one experiment on few kids with all kinds of special conditions. Plus, there are some proves that girls perform worst when reminded of all "incapable woman" stereotypes. You mean 12 years old? Yes they are immature, but oddly enough I did not encountered all that much uncontrollable pseudo masculinity in them. Someone occasionally acts in a way uncomfortable for girls, but it is usually considered "bad behavior" and he is called on that. Maybe because such behavior is not considered "normal" here. They do display such behavior more often when they are in boys only group eg. physical education class. Not coincidentally, it is class where it is tolerated more. To counter the general conviction of some Americans that only American males innovate and start startups? Now, we need some examples of "I innovate but I do not run startup" to counter the idea that starting startup is the only way to innovate. Generally speaking, people should be put in prison only if the prosecution can legally prove they did something illegal. "I totally know he is a scumbag" cause "some unrelated stuff that was totally shade" is not considered proof. Shady acts on the side of FBI, police and other government agencies are way more dangerous for democracy and rule of law then whatever Kim Dotcom did. The same goes for criminalization of copyright law, whether by precedent or brought law changes. I dunno. I would be largely annoyed by male only anything (except restrooms). Female only whatever (except restrooms) does not sound that much better. I work for a company that does not uses github at all. We store code on our own servers. Do you seriously think that anyone working in such company is going to be unemployable? I would say the companies you look at work in have seriously flawed hiring practices. They would not hired our best engineers, cause they do not have open source github contributions. They code plenty for work through. Out of curiosity: how does lack of apartment numbers changes anything? Maybe they through Iraq war is a good idea and support surveillance state? I do not understand what SF issue is really about, but it seems to be local problem unrelated to international or security politic. In all honesty, I found TFA extremely hard to read. It is almost as if the text would be random generated. Something about that style made my brain pick up parts, maybe because parts make sense while whole paragraphs make much less sense. So, I missed the anti-surveillance state aspect. My bad. The changed name is NOT a "lie". Changed name is her new name. As far as law is concerned, new name is the truth about her identity. And I'm not sure that court would take it against person if that person uses alias online. After all, it is general advice for teenagers not to reveal their names online. The worst thing for me is that they design for big screens and I have small one. Even when you pick up compact scheme. The record was stats screen on blogger which shown me 3cm of information panel and the rest was taken by huge sticky !mostly empty! top and bottom rows. Way to go, really. Funny enough, I am not anti-capitalist and I do not mind companies earning money. However, most startups are not really bettering the world and provide rather pretty bad working conditions while the actual job is not all that much more interesting. Half of "need" for dynamism is caused by mismanagement and unmanageable technical debt three months after project started (caused by sleep deprived programmers). End of rant. Established companies can have pretty bad management too. Great job! Hope you find success with it and thank you for open sourcing it. And that is why privacy is needed for many people. That changed long ago. All the google is doing last two years is stopping projects, removing features and replacing acceptable GUIs by less practical ones. If there is so much commented code that you can not read, delete it. If I'm not sure whether I will be putting the code back soon, no way I'm willing to dig repository history. However, commented out code is by definition free to be deleted by anybody else if it happen to be forgotten later on. Unfortunately, the type of people that actually get offended by this stuff tend to go around looking for this stuff. And once it finds it, it starts twitter campaign against you and your project. If you are have no public talking experience/training, you are going to loose and be labeled ugly names. Is this what they did? I check out their site and was unable to find out where and when exactly were they showing ads and which data were collected from phones and send to advertizers. Never mind, the "We show an ad only in the context of a call to or from a business." in their faq http://pingjam.com/faq/ is probably what you mean. So, I guess I will suddenly see ads if they detect I'm calling to business, but I will have no idea which app caused it. Genial. I would not knowing install app that does that. If only I could filter playstore by permissions. That would make it that much more usable. As it is now, it take too much time to scroll down till first app that does not require too many of them. Or control better what kind of data applications see. Anything would be better then current "we pretend you are in control, but will make it as hard as possible for you to exercise that control." End of rant. Of course not. Unless you live in economic boom or are rich. If government employee can not voice his opinions on politics without fear of being fired, his free speech rights are pure theory. Theoretically he has it, practically he does not dare to use them. It just give the government ability to yell "we guarantee freedom of speech" without really giving it. Playstore is horrible for matching buyers and sellers. You can filter games by category and that is it. Plus, mobile games reviews are practically useless. I can not even is no way to guess difficulty nor whether I will like the game. The problem is, there are hundreds games coming out for Android every month. I might like maybe five of them, many are of them are crap and many many more are good games - for someone entirely else then me. Tell me, how do I find those five I might like? Useful reviews are practically non existent. I'm not willing to pay 5$ for something I will probably play for 10 minutes. In order to find 1 game you will like, you have to buy maybe 10. So, basically, those games I do not like count into my games budget. They are partly reason why I'm not willing to pay much for one game. If there were a way (maybe curated storefront) for me to know in advance I will be playing this game for hours next two months, I would gladly pay those 5$. I would see it as cheap. As it is now, it is 5$ for something I will likely not play at all. How many people/kids were willing/allowed to sink that much money into Galaga? It was not mainstream hobby. At least, my parents taught me it is not wise investment and I plan to teach my kids the same about level ups in seemingly free games. Speaking about exploitation, I recall one especially ugly example. A game with kiddy graphics and story had crying Bambi 10 minutes into play. You came there and Bambi told you that he is dying and the only way to save him is to pay money. If this is not emotional manipulation I do not know what is. I'm not sure whether this qualifies, but I'm a huge fan: * free demo with IAP: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ru.jecklandin.... * full version: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zalivka.an... You can create cartoons with that. I could imagine more polish on that, but it is still better then anything else I found. I have to have credit card solely for google play purchases. It is ridiculous. He would then update the app and resubmit. It is way better then what google did in this case. Especially considering that google does not support his country at all. Why? It is quite possible that "because he had to" guy will produce more readable code. There is no reason to care about developers personal relationship with whatever technology. Important question is whether he is able to produce functional, readable, well-designed code in acceptable speed. In case of projects under time pressure, the important question is whether the developer can do reasonable trade-offs between those expectations (eg. sacrifice the right one). But adapting to circumstances includes adapting working hours. If companies expect 80 hours a week, you will be fired or have too low salary no matter how great your output is. Then you have to move if you do not want to work those 80 and be employed/work on interesting projects. "Michelle had no intention of breaking any laws and no idea that she’d broken any laws. [...] Once the SEC decided that most technology company stock option procedures were not as desired, the jail sentences were handed out arbitrarily. " I find this quite disturbing. Especially the second part. It is contradiction only if you assume that TSA frisking people on airports makes it more secure. As I understood it, "bro culture" was supposed to be about overly techno jerks treating other people (most notably women) badly. Exaggerating to explain the point: bro culture means putting picture of naked lara croft on the wall and then pretend last women changed the job cause she was too weak. The first half of the article is about minority candidates not even showing for interviews cause of structural problems in education (two quotes): * (page 1) too many kids of color who think that they're going to be basketball stars or entertainers or Barack Obama, * (page 1) By the time kids are applying for colleges, they're virtually out of the game. Then the article shows stats that tech employs mostly white people, which is not surprising given education failures described on the first page. So far so good. Out of nowhere, there is complain about bro/frat culture, as if the same article would not describe those minorities "out of the game" well before even applying. (Assuming you search for tech job after college). No relation between previous content is shown. Then another jump and it turns out the article is just an advertisement for some startup hackatlon. So, yes, companies should allow and embrace cultures other than those of their founders. No, this article still has bad title. Technical decisions should not be made on "which technology sounds cool on CV" basis. Unless there is strong reason, codebase should be in one language. Having it in multiple languages makes learning curve for newcommers unnecessary steep, especially if the company is willing to hire juniors. It also makes maintenance more difficult and expensive. Too many languages will also force your people to have very shallow knowledge. We are going to do this one module in python should be done either cause you consider to move to python altogether or because the usual language is really bad fit. "Someone wants to learn it" is both bad reason and unprofessional. "It is perfectly possible to have done nothing but C or Java for your entire career and yet remain extremely employable." I am Java programmer and the above seems to be true. However, it does not mean that Java programmers can stop learning and code as if it would be 1995. Even if you confine yourself into Java world only, there is enough to be learned in five lifetimes. Many people here equate "learning something new" with "learning new cool programming language". It is sort of fallacy. New or improved frameworks are coming out every day. You can lean new design patterns, whole domains or simply dedicate few years to security, algorithms, graphics, gui design, sound manipulation, internals of common data formats etc. That being said, it is ok to skip a technology or two. Most of them will disappear in few years anyway. It is just marketing. Goldie Blox is just expensive and not much flexible toy. Neither Barbie at 12 nor doll and cooking set at 2 will cause your daughter to be stupid. The same way as boys do not grow to be violent jerks for having access to wooden sword and action figure. Being socialized into thinking that Barbie is the only thing she can play with or into thinking that she can not figure technical stuff so there is no point in trying anyway will do it. It is more about your general attitude then about plastic mold that was used for toy. I get what you say about coddling and framing, really. Kids raise to expectation and if you help girl every single time she struggle, she will never become self resilient and will never learn to solve problems. Got that. However, how can one twist helping someone into "distributing own mistakes"? Seriously, that is beyond ridiculous. And going off ahead and get lost is also something entirely different then "they try extra hard to learn beyond their limits, even if it proves tough". The point of daddy daughter programming time mentioned in those thread is to show the girl it is normal for her to spend time coding. Boys know it is "normal" for them to code. And actually, plenty of boys do tech stuff with their parents. It was always normal and usual to teach your son crafting and tinkering. When daddy needed to repair car or some furniture he would call his son to help. It was not usual to teach the same to girl. The "daddy time" is just a call to extend the courtesy to girls too. Small kids do try to conform to gender roles they see around. Girls and boys alike, we are all herd animals. Daddy time is an attempt to offset the message about her supposed abilities and likes the girl (but not boy) hears. Glen Greenwald is more journalist then designer or css guru. When he brags about "the future of journalism on the web" he means content. There is no contradiction between discipline/hard work and abrasive style. He wrote also this "My coworkers that stood their ground and set boundaries seemed to end up on a shit list of sorts and were out of the inner circle of people that kissed the producer’s ass." So, I do not think it was a case of misunderstanding. How companies alienate their employees. Chapter: David Marcus, PayPal. Somehow, I doubt you can make people enthusiastic by threatening them or yelling at them (figuratively). Then again, I'm not a CEO. Is that how real thing worked? It is really addictive. I heard about controversy but never played the game. P "They don't give a shit about your elbow nor should they. Everyone who gets put in cuffs complains about some current or former injury." Of course they should give some shit about person arrested, especially if that person is not danger for them in any way. I would expect cops to use only necessary force. And if everyone complains about current or former injury, then those handcuffs are either too tight or cops to brutal. Especially if those handcuffed people, again, represent zero threat. The trouble is that even if great engineer moves up, his work will require zero engineering work. Few years later he is just another formerly great engineer out of touch with superficial ideas about current practices. I have seen that happen with programmers that moved to pure architect positions or to pure management. Just a few year later (2-3) and they start to have naive and idealized idea about programming and development process. Disruptive means potentially viable business. It used to mean something else, but it is not used that way anymore. I would not recommend that strategy, unless you really understand all possible consequences. The fine may much bigger then you expect and tax cheating may earn you jail time or kill your business for good. "When a product is close to launch, I become a perfectionist. Each misaligned element or awkward interaction is like a thorn in my side. " When a product is close to launch, I become paranoid. I do not want to do any changes, unless critical. There will not be time for another round of testing/regression testing. We have even whole process for that. He is talking about team moving on other projects, which means he talks about time very close to launch. It is great when the designer is perfectionist. There is also a time for that and that is NOT close to launch. You absolutely should come up with these changes while the project is far from launch so we can time for fixing them. You should absolutely NOT suddenly come up with tons of tiny little changes close to release. One of those tiny little changes may break something important and we will have no time to find out. "the crypto challenges, which are currently by far our most successful recruiting vehicle (followed by Stripe's CTF #2) are just a series of emails we send; they're essentially a blog post that we weaponized instead of wasting on a blog." I kind of hoped you are at least looking on our answers or something :) I want to work with people who are good match for a job. Most projects are not that difficult and uber-tech as founders like to think. Reliable average programmer that generates maintainable code in predictable speed might end up as useful and less annoying then bored genius. That was annoying thing company I knew did. Candidates were selected for their love of algorithms and detailed knowledge of frameworks etc. Anyone else was labeled "weak". It just so happened that the work required only surface knowledge. What they really needed was someone willing to do "boring" programming work responsibly and without supervision. So, hired geniuses were running away faster then you can say bye and those who stayed half assed work. The point of "seeing parallels" is that it seems to be moving in that direction with no stopping barrier in sight. Neither UK nor USA nor Europe are currently oppressive dictatorships. However, dissent is already punished without much appeal or protection available to those punished. Laura Poitras, Jacob Appelbaum as first who come into mind in this mind context. Powerful anti-terrorist measures are appropriate against guy with bomb in backpack planning to kill thousands people tomorrow. They are not appropriate against occupy members essentially guilty of sitting on a side walk. Similarly, strong anti hacking measures are appropriate for those who just store millions. They are not appropriate against journalists who humiliated powerful companies. Twisting non-infractions of political opponents into "terrorist acts" is what is happening here. That is essentially little suppression apparatus being build and used, just not being powerful enough yet. The more of it is build, the harder it is to stop next growth. Central planning in Russia was really incompetent and food shortages in Russia (not Ukraina) while Stalin was in power were often result of incompetence. In short, they used the fields in a wrong way. You would have to kill a lot of people. And you risk that some of them would turn out to be more effective then Hitler. The thing about people that have no life outside of work and claim to be happy is that they bring their communication and socialization needs to work all too often. Which means a lot longer meetings and a lot more small talk or playing games together etc. As in, every single one I worked with that stayed in work that much without being burned out or tired did that. I'm not willing to accept shady moves just because you are startup. For one, there is no reason to think you will suddenly develop ethics once you become big company. Second, I have been mislead the same way in both cases. Isnt it the case that introverts are more comfortable in small groups of people they know well? As long as your team does not have 40+ members, most introverts should be perfectly happy in restaurant with their team. Some of introverts I know consider themselves extroverts, cause they get very talkative and funny in their group of their friends. Me spying on you aint the same as you spying on me. First is just logically, non offensive act, another is horrible offence. Helicopter from Ebaumsworld "copied" it too. There are approximately millions copies of 2D-something-flies-and-avoids-obstacles games. First one was created approximately 20 years ago or sooner. Almost all of them are boring and few of them are able to keep players interested for more then 10 seconds. Transforming simple idea almost everybody else had into something that keeps players engaged counts as achievement too. Given madness it caused in minds of some people, I'm fine with calling it simple evil genius. Reminds me how much I dislike infinite scrolling. Only if you employ bad or only junior engineers. If you can not deal with priorities, then you have no right to call yourself senior. Especially when it comes to urgent. Good engineers are able to finish work even if you do not babysit them. My understanding is that bad news did not bubbled up. They stayed hidden and that one is cultural problem.Instead of president being informed that project will be late, programmers were informed that failure is not an option. Turned out it was an option. Cultural problems like this are often caused by leadership. Whether you will be told bad news depends a lot on your management style and on people you decide to work with. You do not have to micromanage, but if they are scared to tell you the truth, then it is often your own fault. They used markLogic NoSQL store http://blogs.wsj.com/cio/2013/12/03/healthcare-govs-heart-be... Just for the record, contractor did not wanted to use it and argued the team have no experience with it. Someone in government decided it must be done that way (in spring or summer). Quoting "common position" document (whatever it is) http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/enforcement/docs/common_positi... "The use of the word "free" (or similar) may be tolerated for games which are not entirely free, if it is complemented by appropriate qualifications characterising upfront in a clear manner what elements are for free and which ones can be purchased. In such cases, the consumer should be able to access discrete parts of the game that stand alone without the need to make purchases. "Free" may not be used where the consumer cannot, without making in-app purchases, access content integral to gameplay or play the game in a way that he/she would reasonably expect. " Essentially, the customer must know what parts are free and which have to be paid for prior download. There is going to be grey zone of course, but if you app have paywall, it shall not be called free. On the other hand, you can sell custom avatars or additional levels and call your app free, as long as the description says something like: playing first five levels of the game is for free, but custom avatars and additional content have to be paid for. I guess it is risky. Many people see finding next job before leaving previous one as the responsible thing to do. Especially if you live in an expensive location or have family or other financial obligations that simply needs to be paid. Technically, you can find "temporary" job in smaller company and then move to the company you "really" want to work in. It just seem to me somewhat jerk move toward that smaller company. Not sure if you know it, but there is zero information on the internet for the wast majority of apps. Even if there are reviews, they are done by people who played for five minutes and then wrote something as fast as possible. I wanted to play (and buy) a game the other day. It turned out that unless friend brought and recommended, there is no way to learn about gameplay, difficulty, length, whether there are in app purchases or not etc. The only way to learn those things is to buy and then find out you do not like the game or that it is very short. It was not big deal for me, I googled for couple of hours and them brought nothing. There are hundreds of games being published every day and only maybe 1% of them are any good. That IS discovery problem and it is problem mainly for game developers. Since customers like me have no way to distinguish between those good games and bad games, we buy something random and then see. The result is that good and bad games earn the same, since they are largely brought on random. The main losers are here good games developers. I would argue it would be ok. There is nothing inherently wrong with apps requiring in app purchases to unlock content or pass paywall. The point is not to label them as free, so the customers can rely on the usual meaning of the word free. And when the app is about to charge money, the customer should be clearly informed it is about to do so, even if he did not turned on "require password before purchase" option. The problem is the deception, not the ability to buy things from inside the app. First, the whole document concerns itself with what is called "free". If you do not label your game as free and do not market your game for children, then you are out of document scope. Do what you want. More nuanced, according to their first position, you should be able to market game with removable ads as free (unless they cover whole screen or make game unplayable). You would be able call the game free with cosmetic in app purchases too, but you probably would have to make it clear to customer prior downloading eg. "you have to use default avatar unless you pay 1$" somewhere in description. You could even lock content unless money are paid and still call it free, as long as customer was clearly told what parts are available and what parts are not available. (Hard to understand one liner in the middle of 20 pages long terms of services does not count). I hate that. And after I worked as analyst, I started to hate that even more. Just say "I do not know" and do not waste your and my time with monologues full of guesses and sort-of-related-but-not-relevant info. It does not help. It just wastes time. If you say, "I do not know" we can work on it. We can file it as an open question until you know. We can ask somebody else or search for information. And btw, the answer to "Will mistakes sometimes happen" question is: guesses cause them very often and they slow analysis a lot. You just do not see it, because I can not go to you and show you all your wrong guess mistakes. I have to smile and pretend that I trust you while triple checking everything you say which again, slow down analysis. Working with people able to say "I do not know" is way easier and faster. If you throw around possibility of ridiculously high sentences to scare people and manipulate them into guilty pleas, then you have no right to complain when people act like being threatened with unfairly high sentence. "But simply making those test-prep tools more affordable and easier to find will only have the effect of compressing the distribution of scores, making the SAT a less discriminating test in the technical sense and thus a less useful measurement." What you are advocating amounts to intentional "handicap" for those who find test-prep tools expensive. Yes, you are getting higher distribution of scores. If you would single out brown eyed people and denied them access to those tools while giving them everybody else, you would get high scores distribution too. Both tests would be just about the same useful. If the childhood leaves some less prepared to do well in college, then you do not need to add another handicap to them. They are more likely to fail even with access to those tools. If the access makes them perform better, then your "it is fair cause they are not prepared" goes out of window. Note: I'm not saying they should not sell test prep. It is business and it is ok business to try to earn money. Just that the more expensive materials are, the less you choose on actual aptitude. "I'm seeing a substantial number, if not the majority, of CS students who can't code worth a damn, but got into the department solely because they did well in a small number of unrelated subjects." Isnt that argument for more relevant testing? If the current selection picked up people with poor aptitude for programming or whatever, then it makes sense to change it. Engineers needs ability to think hard and solve complex problems. So, lets measure those instead of how many arcane words they memorized, how great are they in writing self promoting essays, how much irrelevant facts they memorized or how fast they are in solving simple memorizable math problems. There is nothing wrong with adjusting expectations to current world. He did knew it advance and thus memorized formulaic essay. Yes, you can also get faster at writing by practice. The problem is that speed of writing is irrelevant in almost all contexts and training it ridiculous waste of time - unless you need SAT. Which is reasonable complaint about SAT. If they would be measuring how fast you run, then you could prepare for it by running a lot. It would not make it the best possible test. Mangers and doctors do not write essays on random topics. They write texts about their work on topics they supposedly know well. It is ok to have one fast suit of tests that are run all the time and one slow but more detailed that runs only at some checkpoints (overnight, weekly, before release). Big projects over some size normally do it that way. What did you the rest of the time? There is difference between writing documentation, design work, attending mandatory meeting and checking facebook or video. Mine was the same. After 7 hours of real work with no slacking (eg lunch does not count as work), I find it better to switch to easier tasks (docs, organizational, etc). Citation needed. That is definition of a bad math teacher. Same thing everybody is doing in this case is long division. Everybody gotta get the result when faced with long division exercise. If some administrators in schools or school district decided that there is only one way to do long division, then it is on them. Legal DVDs have limited selection of subtitles and you can not rewind them 10 seconds back to review scene if I misunderstood. I downloaded even movies I own for that reason (downloading is legal here, uploading is not). I like to watch movies with english subtitles an dvd rarely have those. I do not care about extras. I do care about ability to jump where I want in the movie and about seeing movie I brought without warnings and ads. Would he be able to pay that in long term? And if not, what happens when he runs out of money? Relationships and livestyle he has now would be gone forever and he would not be able to pay new one. Plus, he would be lucky if people protecting him would simply left. Those are probably people you do not want to mess with at all. It is entirely possible they would get dangerous and demanding. That one is different in multiple ways. Try to play one and then another. It looks the same, but is not. You may like one and get bored by another. Do not forget that lawsuits in USA have regulatory function. The attitude seems to be: let them sue each other and see who wins. All those lawsuits results and precedents are replacement for European regulations. While like European way better, it is not fair to compare lawsuits prevalence in isolation. You have to compare the combination of lawsuits and regulations to say which system is better. And Europe has more regulations about a lot of things. I had very bad experience with "everybody in charge". We oscillated between nobody makes decisions and war for power and decision making. The project was simultaneously pulled in multiple directions and there was no such thing as shared priorities. Every team member had his own. It got hell when the company hired very smart and capable guy who turned out to be very lazy. Nobody is in charge in that case means also that it takes too long time until someone in charge finds out about the situation. What best practices do you imagine him not to follow? "Early adopters generally tend to do well, whatever the language may be." It is because early adopters tend to work either on special kind of problems the new language is especially suited for or because they tend to work on rather small projects. Those small projects would do well in almost any circumstances. New technologies tend to be buggy, quirky and tend not to stay around. Rarely someone picks them up for things that are supposed to be maintained in the long term. There is plenty of woman on woman/girl on girl sexism. Women are socialized into the same world as men and tend to underestimate other women the same way as men do. If you have been raised to think you can not do x cause you are women, you will assume that other woman are unable too. The story is confirming my long held prejudice/bias. If a company/organization organizes women only activities, then there is something profoundly wrong in their relationship towards women. Unwanted advance is ok in my opinion. Retaliation after rejection is not. To add complexity, proposing to someone in long term relationship does not make you look good. Exactly. Mature adults form relationships with other adults. There is nothing wrong or icky about it. The more time people spend at work, the more likely they are to find partner there. Note that startups often not only expect long hours of work, they also expect you to spend a lot of time socializing with colleagues. Expecting her to reject potential stable long term relationship just because the guy has the same employer does not sound reasonable to me. Plus, we do not even know whether they started to be together before she joined the company. "what looks better on my resume? Worked at GitHub, got bored/wanted a higher salary/wanted to do less work, left... or worked at GitHub and got bullied out of the marketplace for being a woman in tech, but is an honest and good person nonetheless?" Left to pursue new opportunities is better for her. Generally speaking, employers are less likely to hire someone who got into public fights, whether by his own fault or not. And they especially do not want to hire people who talk bad about previous workplaces. They do not want to risk it will happen again. Leaving company for usual unspecified reasons is normal, everybody do that regularly. If she is "tired of working there and this is her way of finding new work', then she would be exceptionally dumb. The point is that informal leaders have upper hand and support from big fish. Boris could have fight them, but he would loose and that would be it. Informal leaders have power to change things the way they like. Formal leaders will run into difficulties every time they would try to implement something informal leaders do not like. For example, informal leader in example is more likely to persuade the prince to take certain decision. Communists never aspired to be structureless, definitely not in the short term. Even utopia they promised in long term had element of forced conformity with system aka oppression. Path towards that utopia was supposed to go through strong party discipline and obeisance. That is how communist party survived oppression in Russia. It was not supposed to be "free" or "structureless" in any current meaning of the word. I now much less about French revolution, but what I know suggests it was very complicated event. Describing it as simple attempt to move towards structureless society is simplifying it too much. Seriously? You would fire employee for making an awkward and advance? I can see firing person for reverting commits as vengeance. I can see firing person for harassing someone or if he was threatening. I can not see it reasonable to fire employee for asking another one on date once, even if it was awkward and unexpected. Maybe I'm weird, but I do not see it employers business to police relationships of their adult employees, as long as they do not cross the line described above. If the definition of ADHD includes 20% of all boys, then I'm inclined to believe the definition takes in too many kids. If 1 in 5 kids has it, then it is normal behavior in that age range. That is the title of both the original time.com article and the book written by its author. The qualifier "as currently defined" is only on HN. Six years old when they start school are expected to focus for 10-15 minutes. Kindergartner loosing attention after 5-10 minutes sounds to be exactly where he is supposed to be. Just about the only two things I ever encountered from your list are threads and web server. I work on web applications, but details of TCP, ports and ethernet are simply too low to be of any practical use. I am hardworking and very consistent with my work. My communication with coworkers is always friendly and respectful. I am able to point out mistakes and faults without hurting the person I'm talking to. There you go, what did you learned about me? If you base your hiring on what people wrote about their own personality, you will hire plenty of great salesmen. They will all be able to guess what the boss might like and generate nice sounding sentences to him. They can still be poisonous jerks. And if they do, they will be perfectly able to hide the toxic culture they created from you. I love starting phase of a new projects too. However, I believe that working only on starting phase of many projects would be detrimental for the person. Later phases of the projects often gives you feedback on how well you have done in the beginning. If you participate only on beginning (design mostly), you will miss that feedback and you will not even know it. What looks like great clever idea in the beginning sometimes turns out to be too difficult to maintain down the road. The new technology or approach that speeds you up so incredibly during first weeks can became huge drag withing few months. Smart clever hacks so cool first six weeks can make the system extremely fragile twelve months later. Your projects rotating starter never involved in later phases of the projects may become problem on himself. Second argument is about fairness. Finishers are not people who love to do all that less exciting work needed to actually finish the thing. Neither are they too stupid to work on design phase. Most often, they are people who feel responsibility towards project completion. If you do not allow them to work on those interesting parts too and force them to fix other peoples bugs all the time, they are likely to leave for another company. Criminal courts should not evaluate whether accused is good guy or a bad guy. The only possible exception is when the guy is found guilty and court is looking for sentence. Courts should evaluate whether the guy broke the law and whether the law is consistent with constitution. His trolling activities and personality should not play much role when determining guilt. "LEGOs are crazy-expensive. If you want to buy a Star Wars set bigger than your fist you’re likely to drop $50 or more. " Not really. When you are buying Star Wars set, you are paying for IP. Of course it is incredibly expensive. It is different when you are buying non ip packs of bricks and less popular sets. Brick price measured by volume or number is cheaper then ever been. Here is someone who calculated it: http://therealityprose.wordpress.com/2013/01/17/what_happene... Perks alone will not make your employees happy. A company can spend infinite amount of money on perks and still have unhappy employees. Respect, good management and what goes on in employees private lives have much bigger impact. The indictment rate of grand jury is about 98-99% (wikipedia). As far as I know, only prosecution presents its case, defense is not. Wiki link: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grand_juries_in_the_United_Stat... For the same reason as why big companies can not cooperate prices with each others. If they do, free market can not do its magic. Free market works only if there are many competing independent players, everybody knows everything and everybody can change who he is making business with at any time. What other western countries do with them? It is an honest questions, they have neither solitary nor capital punishment. At minimum, I guess you can keep them separated without turning off every single possible sensory inputs. E.g., let them know what time it is and allow turn on/off freaking light. While you are at it, allow them listen to music, read books, watch movies and give them access to paper and pen. The big problem is not only that they are isolated. It is also almost complete turn off of all sensory inputs. If they need to be away from others, allow them at least phone with people, either with each others or with outside word. Another thing to do would be to reserve that treatment only for really dangerous people. Do not send them inmates that only annoyed someone, broke some minor rule or insist on something you do not want to give them. Do not send there non-dangerous inmates for "their own protection" put then somewhere where they can be in touch with non-dangerous inmates instead. Third, conditions in prison have direct impact on how badly dangerous inmates they generate. Maybe there could be something done about those too? What amount of swearing? There is exactly one "wtf", exactly one "fuck" and the rest is polite. If you do not want to show it to brother, more power to you and you got my respect for thinking about what language he picks up. Really. However, the resource has exactly two impolite words in it, so it is hardly huge amount. "My uncharitable interpretation for this class of responses is simple laziness" That does not make sense. Those designers will not go home sooner for using web. They work how much they work regardless of technology choice. Those who work hard will work hard on both Android and web and those who slack will slack on both. What changes is how much they achieve during their work-time. "it’s a value judgment on who is worth designing for. [...] I do hope, given tech’s rhetoric about changing the world and disrupting outdated hierarchies, that we don’t really think only those with revenue potential are worth our attention. " This argument does not make much sense to me. Those are designers working for companies. Both companies and designers gotta pay bills. Even if they do not, owners want to get rich and there is nothing wrong with it. That is what business is. As for disrupting rhetoric, that one is just a buzzword used to get attention. Getting attention is needed to earn money. Anyone with half a brain know that "disrupting" means either "new" or "has earning potential" these days. By definition, you will disrupt nothing by releasing apps nobody wants to buy WhatsApp and few other successful apps are outliers and not a norm. They did not become successful by nice design only, they become successful by figuring out which features matter right now for their business. What did you ate? Your bedroom was stack with food supplies for weeks? Or is it that someone cooked and you had some minimum amount of interaction with him? Another difference is that you have seen difference between day and night. Once you have computer, you can get music or games or almost any kind of sensory you would need. Another difference is that you had control over it. You could go out once it you started to be personally uncomfortable and you probably started because you felt a need for some solitude. Anyway, when I had to work alone for long time, it had similar effects to my brain as it had on yours. Is that the usual quality of techcrunch articles? OMG I just found out that people are writing simple free apps and some other people are trying to earn money on extremely simple apps? I actually found all those flappy clones happening great. Of course there is nothing useful about them. It is just that I like idea of people building things just for fun and for the heck of it. Kind of like when musicians improvise together or when aspiring writer play those cooperative writing stories. Except with small simple games. Basically, it is meme web 2.0 version. Flappy jam has a lot of to do with all those flappy clones. Basically, someone organized game developers to create flappy clones. It was meant as action against all hate and bullying the original flappy bird developer had to deal with. Flappy jam: http://itch.io/jam/flappyjam Java input output api is cumbersome, so is its date api. That is why you use Apache commons and yoda time to deal with them. He sounds like someone who never learn Java in the first place. Neither he learned what it is good for, what it is bad for. I think that if you interview in some language, you should understand what kind of problems are easy to solve in that language and which are hard or never done. If I have to write libraries less input output example in interview, my code will be ugly and long. I'm not saying that interview should not ask these questions, it tests whether the candidates ability to find his way around api he uses rarely. It is needed skill, so no problem there. If I have to design complicated system, adjust it to changing requirements and maintain it for years, I feel most comfortable in Java. Type safety, tools and language itself allow me to focus on the system itself and how systems parts cooperate with each other. He also sounds like somebody who is biased against whoever uses java, because he worked once in bad java shop. It sounds that it really does not matter what those people would do, they used java, so they are incapable in his eyes. "In Java, you can forget about doing it in the cleanest or the best way, because that is impossible. Whatever you do, however hard you try, the code will come out mediocre, verbose, redundant, and bloated." Guess I was right about learning Java. I am java programmer and liked java culture. And I see nothing wrong with "foo".equals(someVariable). If code review ends with lengthy explanation over why not use "foo".equals(someVariable) or some other maintenance/readability/effectivity/other important consideration non-affecting issue, I see something wrong with code review. Because they are useful only after the project grows big. People who use them on small projects do it out of habit. Which only confirms what parent comment wrote. "If you poach an engineer from another company that means the other company must replace that engineer or be less productive. This company would then be the one to hire the outside engineer at the improved salary." You could raise salary of your existing engineers to match the market. "Poaching" is possible only because finding job elsewhere is often only way how to get raise, no matter how much they learned since they started working with you. Neither idea nor netbeans seem to have killer feature that would motivating me to move. I know eclipse too well, I am used some its plugins and I can write my own plugins and use some of those. Netbeans was too slow last time I tried and Eclipse is not unstable for me. If I would work with android, I would switch to IntelliJ. I heard that one is better and Android plugin for Eclipse is horrible. There is something weird with Eclipse on your setup. I just checked mine and it takes 0.5. I normally keep three eclipse instances open (I switch projects and do not care about closing them) and they do not take much memory. Would you provide links? I would be interested in them. Can you name a game that can not be claimed to be a clone or at least somewhat similar to another one? I also noted that you did not mentioned which game he supposedly cloned. I noted that because when people say these things (whether minecraft or flappy bird or 2048) and I checked the other game, it usually turned out they provide very different experience. "Diversity is good. This woman is adding to diversity in STEM. Her leaving decreases diversity. Therefore, she is bad to leave." That sounds ridiculous. If only google would learn this too and checked their new guis on smaller screens once in a while. Of course, when you are dumb as a brick, you will not finish PhD. However, finishing PhD will not make you "more intelligent". It will make you more knowledgeable in whatever you finished PhD in and it will make you prepared for doing science. And if society needs 5 new highly knowledgeable scientists a year, then producing 100 new PhD holders a year is over-producing them. Staying in job that treats you badly and pay less when you can get better one is not "setting a good example for other women". Your second parsing is what I find ridiculous. What is the cause here? Why should she sacrifice her career and personal happiness to your goal of diversity? I do not think that anyone ever said that. More likely, they just put keys in string to do quick test right now with intention to fix it later. Then they simply forget about it and later never happen. Because if people "like" their page on facebook, company updates will show up in those people news feed. People are likely to check their facebook feeds and unlikely to check your company website. Whether the company wants to build community, let customers know something (plumbing broken we are closed today) or simply show ads, facebook is a way to push it on customers. Website is not. Most companies do not worry about "diluting" their web presence, they want to be shown as much as possible on as much as possible places. Cops here are imperfect, corrupt and what not. That being said, I'm very happy I live in a place where I would not be arrested in these circumstances. It is kind of cool that I do not have choice between clearing the place immediately when cops come in and being arrested. Cops here seem to be used that people stop on streets to watch what is going on. They also seem to be able to make people leave (when they jam the place) without arresting them for first slight tiny hint of possible disobedience. There is difference between short term and long term. You achieve more today by working today more hours, especially if you are in the flow. The catch is that flow has an end and the productivity drops after that end. People are tired and start making more and more mistakes or less then optimal decisions. Or they spend more time chatting with colleges or staring into screen without doing much or do longer meetings cause they are only option for socialization. "Every single person with whom I played at that school is an entrepreneur. " That one is more about you and your selection of friends. Your whole generation is not composed of entrepreneurs although they all played freely. How is either of those fun? I see why revere console logs are funny, if done when there is no time pressure and a lot of time available. I do not want to work in environment where people feel that it is appropriate to routinely "punish" colleges by making them waste time like this. From the article: "He was also a huge liability ... pre-production meetings quickly turned towards one recurring fear: that someone external would say something offensive, trip an emotional switch, turn the environment toxic – and the devs would walk ... Matti and the members of the second team were a time bomb, but for some reason, no one did anything about it." This is not about someone unknown suddenly acting offensive. The guy was known and nobody tried to tone him down. I agree with you that generally we must allow companies to make hiring mistakes. I also thing that it is better for everybody if even biggest jerks can get job and earn living (instead of being unemployed on help). But known jerks should not be kept at positions where they can screw others big time. Those tweets are deleted, but I'm seriously curios this time. Anyone remember them? I second that. I have no idea what first paragraphs are about, but it gets better after that. My impression was that they acted only after everything was screwed beyond repair. E.g., after "pretty face" question was asked to everybody with Adria offended and Zoe angry enough to swearingly walk away. He was pushing buttons trying to manufacture drama before that. That being said, I read down that he is a big animal, important for Pepsi and influential in shows making cycles. So, show produces might have been between rock and hard place. On the other hand, it is hard to excuse Pepsi, they seem to be happy with him. It even looks like they are "on his side" in follow up and complained about above article or something. I like it too. I'm fond of it partly cause I learned how to do plugins and can create myself one if I would want one. Not that I do it often, I just like to have the possibility. While I like eclipse for java, are you sure it is great js editor? I hope for brackets to be the next js editor. It is open source and written in javascript, so javascript programmers will have it easy to extend it however they like. He was CEO for two weeks. If Mozila would have statements, interviews, and a PR plan prepared, they would have to be done before he became CEO. I think that Europe does not have class action suits. I'm not 100% sure. Anyway, USA has special laws around collecting and storing data of kids under 13 years old. That is primary reason why facebook like companies tos excludes them. It is safe to assume that ad companies do not follow requirements written in these laws. Employees seldom see a big payoff. Period. Startups trade salary and benefits now for maybe huge payoff later. The maybe in previous sentence is important, most startups fail. Some business are build to stay there, grow and earn enough for founders to make them upper middle class/rich for the rest of their lives. It is different then Facebook like success, but most would count that as successful too. The first thing, this is not a law. It is some agreement between unions or something like that and employers. The agreement itself is not about employees, it is about contractors. Contractors in France do not have 35 hours a week work time limit, they can work as much hours as they want. Also, the agreement does not says they can not check mails after some hour, the employer must give them possibility to disconnect for 12 consecutive hours. You can expect them to be available for remaining 12 hours. So, all you need is either employee on call or two contractor to switch turn-offable times. You grandfather was not only one working for Jack Welch. He might have benefited, plenty of others did not. Jack Welch laid off a lot of loyal hardwoking capable people in his days. GE cut all businesses in which the company could not dominate the market in first or second positions and I doubt those all were slackers. Were your grandpa be employed there, his treatment would be much different. He used "fire 10% management" strategy for years, maybe even started that thing. I find suspect that someone who is not particularly ambitious man working 9-5 survived long in that stab back otherwise you will be one of fired 10% environment. Maybe he retired before or was stable due to connections? There were bound to be many many people who worked hard, did their best, achieved a lot and then fired cause somebody had to be fired no matter objective absolute performance. Jack Welch contributed his share to dropping loyalty. Whether the "old high loyalty" was better or not, Jack Welch is among those who destroyed it. I did not meant that you are lying, sorry to come across that way. I referred to system of hires/fires and culture that forms after fire x% every year is going on. Your grandfather working life stopped in the mid-1980s, so it was all in the making. He had maximum few years of that. GE after Jack Welch was not exactly known for 9-5 easy going non-ambitious culture. It is quite possible that GE had enough "fat" for someone working 9-5 without much ambitions to make to the top 20% who were getting large bonuses. Then, once they fired lazy, only ambitions and non-ambitions people remained. That is the point everybody complains about, cause non-ambitious follow and then it is fight about politics between remaining ambitions. However, your grandfather retired a millionaire, so he must have been high enough in hierarchy or be outlier in some other way. Regular GE workers in that era did not retired millionaires. Anyone has any idea on what license does it have? What can be legally done with that book? "Your employer is sponsoring a lot of your learnings in a specific area, so he's entitled to all your ideas in that area" No way. Employer is not entitled to all java code just because he paid me to java certification. Employer to all my products forever just because he paid my college or whatever. "that's what your paid for" I am paid for work done for employer. I'm not own by him. "It would be extremely easy to just keep your best ideas for "your" project and not use them in your work project." Well, then your workplace contribution would be lower then the contribution of your collegues. I would expect you to have lower salary or be fired if you contribute too little. The same way as if you would never had the idea in the first place. "The construction company would have a valid claim if you stole the blueprints at work." However, the construction company would NOT have a valid claim if I would make my own blueprints at home. License review is listed as #1 among goals on http://istruecryptauditedyet.com/ . I think that problem is not removing free option. The problem is attitude to those free users. There was no reason to call them "freeloaders". Saying "free plan turned out to be bad business decision, we can not really keep it" is one thing. Calling someone freeloader is another. I do not think she is able to recognize slow development from fast one. However, "littered with bugs" is a red flag for both team and the process (whoever sets it). "Our team performed brilliantly in the month leading up to our launch at the South by Southwest festival; they worked day and night. Now I look for major events that we can all work toward every three months." Essentially, she is punishing success and hard work. I worked for a company similar in this aspect. Employee got given tight high pressure deadline. When he made it, he was rewarded by another tight high pressure project. And so on until employee either did not made some or left. The company had two types of employees: active newcomers and slow everyone else. It is not exactly the same dysfunction, but kind of similar. I think that she severely underestimates what this kind of treatment do with people. Original Flappy Bird was removed from store and its creator never complained about clones. After all, flappy jam was organized to show support to him. So, in this aspect, he is more in the "old masters" then in the "lost profit" in that. The other things is that if it takes 3 days from start to finish, then it should not be patentable/copyrightable. It is too simple too little work to warrant years long monopoly. On the other hand, no one is going to clone Grand Theft Auto or Oblivion in three days. It is like demanding copyright on sunset picture. There are milions of sunset pictures, some free some paid and no one can claim monopoly over them. One of them is super successful once in a while, but that does not mean all subsequent artists should stop making them. Then again, some even accuse Flappy Bird of being clone. And then again, given some people standards, every single game can be accused of being clone of something. I can fully understand why big company does not want to tie itself to app engine or other Google services, especially if they are able to keep their own infrastructure. If they are European company, having customers data on app engine might not even be legal. Google was not able to guarantee that they will not move data over border and there was regulation about it. Not sure about current status. Big company has to maintain many projects. Managing too many technologies and contracts with too many suppliers is huge hassle. Outsourced maintenance was probably simply incapable, there is huge amount of parasitic service companies living off typical big companies decision making faults. It probably had nothing to do with technology. Long term before deployment is also probably product of big company processes, other projects competing for administrators time etc. That being said Python + app engine + backbone is much easier technology to start with and learn then java spring mvc + sencha. When you do small project in isolation, then former seems like much better choice. Those big frameworks usually pay only if you do something big. Managing too many technologies with too many suppliers is huge hassle even if you remove contracts from question. One man 7 months project is not worth adding new technology to the stack. They use their own infrastructure, so anything that can not run on it is probably a no go. If you do not use java, then they have to add python of whatever application server into mix and then maintain it forever. On the other hand, another small java is just that, they probably deploy it by one script. Various contractors have various favorite technologies and various small projects would be done two months faster with various tools. It can add up pretty fast. The last thing they want is to run three different java application servers, two pythons and three ruby. It should be easier to switch sencha for something else, of maybe even spring mvc for other spring compatible java mvc. However, it still is way easier to maintain many projects in spring mvc then five in spring mvc, six in wicket, three ja JSF etc. Maintenance often costs much more time and money then initial release, even if all involved people are super capable. Having one technology for many projects reduces time needed to learn all possible quirks of all possible technologies they maintain. Plus, one man 7 months is super small super cheap in the world of big companies. Even if whoever is leading it would want it and had enough power to allow it, it probably would not find it worth involved negotiations. I think that game a month challenge was primary meant to be for fun, learning and to motivate rapid prototyping. It has nothing to do with generating big hits. More the just frameworks change. More importantly, if you did not coded for 10 years, it is only that what you remember is outdated. It is also that what you remember is an idealized high level version of what it really was. That kind of manager that bases his decisions on quick google searches without understanding whole system is the worst kind of manager. If there are trade offs involved and possible bad consequences in the context of your database, your search will ignore that. Ultimately, "In rails 7, you can't splice the header from the body of the message stream sent over airsockets" is not level of detail non-coding manager should deal with. That is for the rest of the team to either propose other solutions or make it work with the rejected one. The managers role is not to make technical decisions, his job is to ensure that other team members will help that "excusing" engineer to find solution. Managers role is to detect engineers seem to need help too often, but he is looking for pattern there - not one quick search over what might be controversial issue. More likely with general fear/dislike of air pollution combined with dislike of noise and high traffic itself. Living close to freeway is unpleasant, rich can afford something else, poor can not. Where it is not about about direct money, it is usually rich not poor who make decisions. If you have to pay for revocation, then it is not free certificate. It is just certificate with fees postponed. It is not the same thing. Not sure how you, but when I buy things I do not consider only initial price, but also additional fees. If we want SSL used everywhere, browsers need accept self signed certificates in less obtuse way or there need to be other way to get really free ones. Why was this downvoted? There are plenty of product like that. Once you have enough money to afford the thing, most products are the same for anybody. President buys the same skittles as anybody else, same kinder egg as anybody else, same Pepsy, same Game of Thrones book, same Mad Men dvd, etc. The difference between poor and rich is that President can buy also more expensive drinks (say fresh fruit) juice whenever he feels like and poor can not. Plus, both president and poor usually can buy also water which is in most cases both healthier and cheaper then coke. I do not mean it as criticism of coke, it is tasty for most people. However, it does not solve any problem I'm aware of. It is just that company manufacturing it was more successful in marketing wars. Until Bubba get serious illness or want to study or already have college debt to pay. Jobs that do not require college degree will not pay the above and if you have college degree you got that debt. So essentially, your Bubba inherited the above or is not exactly the norm e.g, he has business that does exceptionally well. Exceptionally well doing business is not the norm. Quote: "So yes, I understand why Mark is not getting the financial payoff here. Still, in all the hype in the press and elsewhere, shouldn’t the primary inventor of the technology at least be mentioned?" The article asks for credit, not wealth split. You can ear a lot of money by selling drugs to masse. Much harder to get that much by selling it to minors. Incentives are different in both cases. Plus, most people do not feel like they are doing something wrong using/selling little pot. It is just illegal, not "bad". It might be different with selling to minors. Pure masterpiece, our grandchildren will play this :)) It seems like someone believed her own bs. Article uses a lot of words to make situation sound as something entirely different then what it was. "I know I fired this person, but I considered that merely a technical matter. I thought we agreed it was the best option for all involved, allowing him to grow professionally elsewhere." Agreed as in employee did not put fight when he was informed of the decision? Good for both of them, but it is still firing. Feel good talk about "professional grow elsewhere" is just that. Might be even insulting to employee. Did she really expected the employee to buy it? "It never crossed my mind that he had been FIRED. We just reached the end of our partnership, for now. Time to move on for both of us." I mean, yes, they reached end of partnership by firing employee. He was not needed anymore. Nothing wrong with that, companies can not afford to pay people without giving them work. It is still firing. "I have always valued being open, honest and correct. Even if I wanted to, there's not much you can hide in a small business. So I embrace transparency to the full extent." No she does not. She tries to put spin around things to paint them rosier then they are. Then she acts all shocked when it turns out that employees are able read through euphemisms. EDIT: changed he to she since CEO in question is a women. Especially in the case of high level manager leaving voluntary, I would expect him to leave with proper few weeks notice. Giving company time to shift responsibilities to other people and all that. Spending day or two explaining things to whoever will take his place. Leaving right now should be nuclear option if you have no other choice or was treated very badly. I'm ok with taxpayer money going on research, I'm less ok with those taxpayer money being used to feed company sitting on monopoly. Any time you use your real name, real HR or potential employer sees what you did. I do not want my chance to find work be influenced by random HRs opinions on what google play games I rated or which youtube videos I have in playlist. Nothing really controversial there, but people tend to be judgmental about details. Forcing me to use real name means that I suddenly must be super careful about everything and control everything the same way as I control work. Not worth it. I agree too. Google tend to generate hard to use interfaces. Especially when you have small monitor, it is as if they did not eve tried them on such device. I through about this the other day. Not really who sells the tool, but who profits from all those failed startups. Maybe part of the answer are all tech/founders conferences, workshops, meetups etc. They are not tools in strict sense, but they are business around whole thing. Exactly. I'm not my friends and my friends are often very different then me. They often listen different music or play different games. I do not even want search results and suggestions to be ranked by previous signals from me, especially as it was implemented on youtube. I use them to find new things and styles, not to close myself into some ghetto defined by whatever I searched for first few weeks. I got curious about, say, folk songs and spend a week searching and watching them. It was temporary thing, but youtube insisted on suggesting them even as I was watching trance video two weeks later. When I want to see what I seen before, I search by name or use bookmarks. When I want to see what my friend like, I ask them or look at facebook. Search is for when I look for something new. The same with going out of the plane. There is no reason to join the crowd in the middle, especially if you checked your bags. The sooner you leave the plane, the longer you will wait on airport for bags. Google various sentences until you stumble upon something that contains the right search words. Then search for that right words. For example, the above link stack overflow question with "easing" in it would be pure gold. "politically biased security clearance process of the United States" Sounds interesting, have you links or can you described it in more details? I get smoke pot example, although not sure that it has left wing bias (right wing pot smoking is not that much lower - maybe they got caught less?) I found occasional unexpected chat with strangers is usually pleasant. However, I also avoid places where such chats happen often, because they become tiring pretty quickly. First short talk in waiting room for doctor was pleasant. When it turned out they are too frequent, I started to look for isolated places. I guess it is different if you are lonely and need to talk, but I was not lonely at the time. My need to read or being lost in my own thoughts was much higher. Essentially, if I had to spend that visit (they were long) by small talks, I was tired in the evening and preferred to watch tv and be alone. If I could be left alone, I found it much easier to interact with family and real friends in the evening. The second mode makes me much happier in the long term (plus I get to keep long term relationships). I think that this is the biggest problem of these studies. They measure short term happiness burst from isolated events. It is like going on a short ski trip, finding it pleasant and then assuming you would be happier skiing on the very same hill every day all year. Maybe yes, but most likely not. What about this: fiddle around and just learn/goof until you stumble upon something that you will want to finish. There is not that much value in finishing something no one needs and there is no point in turning hobby pet time into work unless there is some gain (money, inherent motivation, proud feeling) from it. There is value in learning and trying out things and chances are one of those things will motivate you to do something "real". To be concrete, two things worked for me: a.) Define deadline, either end of week or end of month. It does not matter much. Your goal is to get the whatever into some finished state - smallest think you can get away with calling done. Done, not perfect. That will force you to keep scope small and do all that finishing work. Plus, if you pick up something you do not like, it does not matter, end is soon. Next moth up pick up something entirely different. Repeat until you either get bored by that or stumble upon motivating thing. I found these inspiring: [1] and [2]. b.) Define smallest possible deliverable you can from current project. E.g. proof of concept prototype or tutorial/description blog post. Work on it until you have that smallest possible deliverable. If it was motivating continue, if it was not motivating pick up another type of project next time. It is similar to a, but it does not have hard deadline. However, point is still to keep it small and try various things before going big. [1] http://www.gamasutra.com/blogs/RamiIsmail/20140226/211807/Ga... [2] http://gamasutra.com/blogs/ThomasPalef/20140225/211663/What_... Random means unpredictable/non deterministic, it does not have to be equally distributed. Normal dice throws 6 with the same probability as 1. Biased dice that throws 6 twice as much as 1 is still random, but it does not throw numbers equally Smokers have significantly higher chance to get cancer then non-smokers, but they are not guaranteed to have it. Both smokers and non-smokers can get lung cancer and it is biased random whether you will get it or not. I agree that prison is better then death, but I do not think being in prison is like being in comfortable room happily reading books whole day. You are subject to prison rules and have to live in society of other prisoners and guards. You can loose your reading privileges for some petty reason and I'm not sure how big prison library is. It is not like they would be determined to make you happy or at least leave you alone - the atmosphere can get very poisonous. Most people that have been in prison do not report about it as about pleasant places where they learned a lot from books. They usually report it being very bad place and learning some street smarts (which I would happily pass). I met people literally unable to finish project until it was perfect. It was never perfect. They just kept iterating and iterating the first part of the projects and the whole thing was never finished. They were not forced to produce crap by overly active manager, it was not that situation. Manager did not cared for months. Perfect is the enemy of the good refers to the above problem. Depends on task. I found out that when dealing with large systems, it is not an algorithm that is the biggest problem. The gist is usually to find out and keep in head how various parts interact and what exactly they do. The hardest and most important is to figure out how to make each change in such a way that above will be as simple as possible (eg. keep the system clean and maintainable without hacks and dirty tricks). Both parts (figuring and writing) are figuring out, but both are entirely different from programming challenges. First requires you to be able to decipher someone elses code reliably and fast. Second requires you to figure out how to do things as little fragile as possible. Algorithms are more about solving isolated more math-like problems. Once you got solution, you do not need to consider anything then making it work, so it is different kind of code. Even if you would plug in it into some large system, it is would be isolated so you can actually afford to be more dirty. I want to be the one who chooses. It is humanly impossible to split the bread to two exact parts. Choosing which part is bigger is easy in most cases. Is that completely legal for them to do? I know nothing about ad business, but I would expect that if you provided service (shown ads) they should not be able to withhold your money without explanation. How is that different from refusing to pay for, say, rented car? The source is linked int he beginning of his comment: http://www.aaronsw.com/weblog/whowriteswikipedia . He was quoting it. Why do you think that "the lack of humanity assigned to outsiders" is some kind of taboo? I have seen that discussed in relation to world war II or even current politics. You do not need to go medieval to encounter it. Alternatively, search for: * "This week we’ve heard that the Danish weekly" He claimed that he had access to everybody's email inboxes, he did NOT claimed it was specifically through Prism. He still insists on that one: https://twitter.com/ggreenwald/status/461585279434756096 Article interprets wikipedian behavior as hostile, but where did you seen sexism? There is brief part where it discuss typical male vs female style of argumentation, but I found no sexism accusation there. What exactly is the changed thing? World before and world after seem exactly the same to me. Instead of talking and cloning flappy bird, people talk about and clone 2048. Even before, people played angry birds and before other game, but I admit they did not cloned them that much - but that change came with flappy jam. When people complain about being tracked by Google and loosing privacy, they get told that they should simply not use it. If Google Classroom is used, students/parents are effectively given no choice in the matter. If the Google decides to ban students gmail account (because students name does not sound real enough or without explanation), the student is f-ed. But mostly, my primary reason why not to use it in school would be that you never know whether Google close the project next year or not. I would expect the companies with capable management and employees to have less "of shit" moments and mostly not to repeat then same "of shit" moment every deadline. By capable I mean not only smart, but also able to plan etc. For example, if unforeseeable things in your business happen often, you can and should plan for them. E.g. know what the priorities will be in advance (what is more important speed or quality?), take aside some money/time for solving these etc. If the company spends too much time putting out fires, then something is wrong no matter how smart they think they are. "You are better off pursuing a stupid idea than not pursuing any ideas." How much does it cost to pursue that bad idea? If it is for free, then you are right. If it costs to pursue that idea, then you might have been better off pursuing nothing. "When the printing press was invented 93% of the population was illiterate." Assuming Seth Godin meant Gutenberg: Printing press was invented at the time when demand for books was raising and old methods were not sufficient anymore. Gutenberg was in printing business at the time of his invention. Also, Gutenberg was financially unsuccessful. "The first guy to own a fax machine, what did he do with it?" Just a guess: He probably brought multiple of them and used them to fax documents within his own company. That would be useful and I can see market for that. They were trying to create functional fax machine for years before succeeding, so there must have been something apparently useful about it. Getting "a list of customers sorted by last name" in hibernate does not require xml or anything like that. It is one java method with annotation containing order by query. It is considerably shorter then traditional non-hibernate version. If the "normal" punishment is not enough to deter that person, why do you think re-opening juvenile record would made any difference? Not every adult finds Harry Potter fun to read. "... reading scores among young children have improved since the 1970s, according to one test that measures reading ability. The reading scores among 17-year-olds, however, remained relatively unchanged since the 1970s. ..." The article complains about reading ability among children being the same as before. They lament lack of progress, they do not lament decline in ability. Maybe your reading abilities were above what 9 years old could do back then. Another quote: "... reading scores among young children have improved since the 1970s, according to one test that measures reading ability. ..." Yep, it is kind of scary. It is as if non-Americans would not count as full humans. Human rights maybe apply, maybe not, depending on immediate political situation. Because they "think" those people are threat based on metadata. http://www.nybooks.com/blogs/nyrblog/2014/may/10/we-kill-peo... Or because some analyst needed to prove he is fast worker and decided to check "terrorist" box in some internal software. Or because boss decided give bonuses for catch terrorists and someone wanted a new car. The system with no independent oversight will end up abused in millions of ways, most often by people not caring about doing it right. Heck, even real world cops make tons of mistakes or arrest people just to fill arrested bodies quotas and they do have judges to check upon them, at least in theory. Or, most dangerously, because that person is outspoken politically dangerous person, not a terrorists and not planning anything, but did actually met with some terrorist twice. Say, muslim active in politics just about to do something uncomfortable for administration. He claimed he wants to release them right after the book goes public. The book went public. I prefer book to lectures, but whenever I skipped lecture the learning for exam was much more difficult. I do not really know why. I rarely understood things directly during the lecture, I usually just wrote notes. However, just being there and listening made learning afterwards easier. I usually also got better grade, maybe because I had clearer idea about what lecturer focused on. Video lectures on coursera were much more effective for me then live lectures. The difference was in speed up, slow down, rewind and stop buttons of course. The problem is also that students have different pacing. Some will sit bored and waste time waiting while others will need more time or missed something and need to revise whole notes once again before they get it. That is I guess why problem solving and active exercises were usually done in smaller groups (at least in our school). It is easier to manage in that setup. Plenty of students skip physical lectures. I tend to agree with this one. Half of the point of having a teacher (as opposed to just hit library as some suggest) is to have somebody knowledgeable to tell you what is important/worth your time and what is not. They seem unfair to me :). I learned most afterwards when I was sitting in room alone and really learning. I was present at lectures wrote notes and all that, but found it hard/uncomfortable to absorb it immediately or form an opinion. I prefer to have time to think about material before being questioned on it. My grades were good, so I do not think it is the issue of me being incapable of college level of learning. I also usually managed to get enough participation points or answers or whatever was necessary for the grade, but rarely felt that the whole thing added something to my learning. It felt more like waste of time, especially those parts when people asked or had comments only to show they are participating. Most of them do not. My impression is that they try to cover much more then usual semester long course. Plus, while it may make sense for textbook to contain five different explanations, theories or proofs or whatever on X, it makes even more sense for professor to require only the most important of them. As far as I know, the hate towards public education in US is unique to western countries. My impression is that people who spend 10+ hour day in work tend to spend a lot of time socializing, on facebook or otherwise wasting. The problem often is that their needs to socialize and relax are not lower. Without realizing it, they started to use time spend in work to fulfill those needs. It slows down everybody, but looks good to management. Related google tech talk: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8hAw1z8GdE8 Somewhere in the middle he describes experiments they made with sleep. Essentially, they took a person, made them sleep a lot and then measured performance difference. Performance went up. Sleep a lot meant sleep enough to recover from sleep dept and then around 8 hours every night. Hitler was 44 at the time he took power, so not a youngster. Many original nazis fought in WWI, so they easily could count as old old Nazi elite by the time WWII ended. Plenty of periods in history were relatively happy, especially when we are talking about middle class. It was not hell-only all the time. Plenty of man were happy in their day jobs back then or slacked them through or felt succesful. The thing about taking risk is that you may not overcome problems. If you are sure that you will overcome all problems, then it was not a risk to begin with. Those who plotted adventures always either graduated into booming economy or had rich parents to help them. Thinking about your ability to find job in bad economy after you take all that debt on you does not strikes me as excessively risk averse. The opposite strikes me as irresponsible. And punishment for not finding job and being unemployed for months is hard. There is a big difference between "I send application and a job with benefits is found in a month" and "it will take a lot of time and may end up as long term unemployed". America is not exactly nice to those who failed and even yours kids will have it hard to impossible to get better life if you fail. We have the idea that 18-19 old should be worry free because we graduated into exceptionally good market and economy. We were privileged so to speak. If you look at history, non-priviledged non-rich adults did not used to have worry-free-do-not-care about income periods in their lives. Why was this downvoted? I do not think drugging out several years of your life is kind of adventure and risk taking I will encourage in my kids. Anyway, your friend was lucky he was not caught. Military does not welcome people with criminal with open arm. It significantly lowers your chances to get in. In effect, it significantly lowers your chances to get any job anywhere. There is middle ground between and afraid of everything. And I agree that some people tend to be on paranoid side, especially when it comes to physical risks or anything that resembles terrorism. However, decisions that make or break your earning and quality of life for next dozens years are not the best place to start with risking. Are you sure that world where such people are unemployable is better? It is better for all of us if they can find employment somewhere. Otherwise they have no other choice then collect social checks or steal. Women she employs are entirely different then all women I ever met. I have never seen a women cry on meeting. I never knew any women that would "stay home to “figure out what to do next”". On the other hand, I have seen men leaving jobs without having another one lined up. I'm not sure whether she sees significant difference between the two or why she would care what employee is going to do. I find it fascinating that she hires outstanding women and somehow ends up with selection of worst possible personalities. All of them are so super sensitive, that she can not communicate with them without extensive preparation. Maybe, just maybe her criteria for "educated, intelligent and highly articulate" actually select emotional and manipulative people? It might be just my bias, but I suspect the "highly articulate" criteria. Highly articulate is advantage in some jobs (sales), but irrelevant in jobs like receptionist. Maybe she should look for "educated, intelligent, communicates as adult and in control of emotions" instead. She will get more introverts and less drama. I also met women managers they managed not to become therapists for underlying - not even for needy employees. So, I suspect there is something in her behavior that encourages them to come into her office again and again. "We talk forever, dissect every little piece of it, and then come back to the topic time and time again in the future. And I also have to confirm that I still like them – again and again, and again." Maybe she should not talk forever, dissect every piece of it and then accept the same discussion again. If the problem is emotional unsuitability, this makes it worst. Maybe she should cut analysis with something like this: "Dont worry about it, everybody makes mistakes. Just do not repeat the same one again." Or something similar. The point is to make them feel less insecure. Cushioning never works with intelligent people, putting past into past can. It is perfectly possible. One hotel I have been in had machine that produced freshly squeezed orange juice. Breakfast were available for few hours and anyone could take as much as he wanted. It never run out. My TODO comments show up in nice view in GUI I use (Eclipse). I'm sure other GUIs have similar views somewhere. I'm also sure that plugin to turn old ones into syntax errors could be done in a day or two. That sound like much safer approach then runtime exception. I do not think school social structure influences how tall you grow. "Friend zone" means that she is not attracted into the guy. She might respect him, like him, find him pleasant and still not see him as potential romantic partner. She can even find him attractively looking and still not find him as a potential boyfriend. Some boys tend to think it is going to change if they do enough services or help her a lot of whatever. It does not work that way. If you need to work hard on her, then I do not see relationship looking out of it. It does not mean friendship can not turn into relationship. It can and all my relationships were like that. I would not date somebody I did not knew. I have also seen couples that originally disliked each other and became attracted only after they knew each other. However, it never went to one-sided "he follows her and help her too much" friend zone. I do not think "But I'm so perfect for her, why can't she just seeeee" shows a disregard for the humanity of the admired. It is essentially the same as "my essay was so good why cant teacher seeeee" or "my art is so good why cant people seee" or "I run so fast why coach can not pick me" or any other situation where person have a hard time to accept rejection. You do not make any service to women by seeing sexism every time a guy does not reacts perfectly. Drugs are illegal in Europe, but Europe does not have war on drugs rhetoric nor such high incarcerations rates nor such high punishments for small amounts of marijuana nor stop and frisk policies nor cops militarized to the same degree. I'm sure it is a simple change. The hard part is to find out where exactly should you do that simple change and how exactly should you do it. If you do not have experience with related APIs, you will need a day for googling and reading. Eclipse framework is huge and not all its parts are immediately understandable. Deadlifts are very effective for strength training if you use correct technique, but it is very easy to injure yourself while doing them. If you have someone to teach them to you and correct your mistakes and focus technique, they are very effective. They lead to injuries if you do not know how to do them right or do not focus on technique. Note that CrossFit is not strength training and strength training normally focus on technique a lot. So, it may make perfect sense for the OP to refuse doing them normally (after all he does not seem to go after strength training) and for someone going after strength celebrating them. Studies show that if you work 14 hours a day, your productivity falls below 8 hours a day output after six weeks or so. Basically, you get tired and sleep deprived. So, while 6 hour a day may be too low, 14 hours a day is probably waste of time in the long term. Just saying. Maybe they counted all dependencies or libraries. If you add all that to any project, size will grow ridiculously big. I suspect so because the coding part of the project too only half a year or so, so they could not possibly write that many line by hand. Based on what I seen in hacker news few month ago, a guy trying to hire people on healthcare.gov described it somewhat like this: we are saving the project and are looking for people. We hire them for few months stints (3-6 months), they work super hard that time and then leave. He mentioned occasional sleeping under desk, it did not sounded like a joke. If true, they have perpetual death march with constantly changing workforce and everyone being essentially newbies on the project. How many experienced people can you get with that sell? ORM is most supposed to save you from repeating the same load-db-put-data-into-objects over and over. It is also supposed to do caching and other similar optimizations for you. If we insist on it, SQL itself was supposed to smooth over differences in db implementation. Ehm. If all you need in one query, then figuring out how to make ORM running may be waste of time. If you need gazimilion of them and you need results cached reasonably and so on and so forth, ORM starts being very useful. The value of export is beyond just checking on UI. If they can expert it to Excel, then they can do whatever simple data analysis they just made up. No reason to wait for IT to implement whatever stats they are curious about, order it in some new way or whatever. Doing those things in excel is very fast and they get to have complete control over it. Even if they only color cells and rows depending on some ad-hoc rule that will never be used again, excel still added them a lot of value. Plus, I would pay gold for users that actually test system before relying on it. There is always shortage of testers and if the customer would do some of it, he deserves a discount. On gender: are those meaningful differences? Does it make sense for me to ponder about why those with unspecified gender have better results? Game developers does not have great salary for someone young, they still could get more elsewhere. You take pay cut to develop games. I'm not sure parents are supposed to be encouraging no matter what. You are not supposed to encourage kids to waste years and get into debt if the kid can not finish. That being said, neither mother probably can evaluate Vanessas chances correctly, one failed course is not a catastrophe. Her high school apparently suxed: "she never had to study for math tests; she aced them all without really trying." - that could not be good school. Learning how to study for math at 18 is hard if you never had to do it before. She really might need more structured support at this point. Risk reward ratio is entirely different when you are poor and when you are rich. If you are from super rich family, failure to finish university is no big deal. If you are poor, had to take ton of debt, failure to finish makes your life sux for years to come. It is also about opinions on college utility. Do parents think college is a waste of time? If parents think it is waste of time, you are more likely to think the same and drop out. I read somewhere that relative standing against your classmates is better predictor of success then SAT. The difference is that Hollywood is up front about it and you sign temporary contract etc. Game companies tend to sign normal employment contracts, promiss long term employment and heaven, exploit you during development and fire you later on (occasionally just before you would collect benefits). Maybe I'm wrong, but I think that game developers did not used to be hired for one project in the past. It is a thing of last years. They used to be hired by company and worked on multiple games there. Bad development practices used to be norm all the time through. Which does not apply to parent who is up front about the whole thing. "Being Indie is even harder, and only a very small fraction of indie devs actually make money." Only a fraction of big games makes money. Big game studios are falling right and left. The thing is, if you can develop games, you can develop other things too - and those jobs invariably offer much better conditions and pay. Depends who you are. I would not like EA like working conditions, but I used to prefer working on large projects. Which probably means that I was cog in the wheel in your eyes. No matter, I still found small projects boring and could find challenging position in large project (in general, the rule is not absolute). In that case, your high school math was too easy for you too :). If you can learn it without studying, then it is too little no matter how talented you are. Of course people do mistakes and fail to follow procedures. That is why the company should have processes to catch dangerous mistakes and omissions in place. If one low level guy can cause such huge problems, then there is something very wrong with the way whole process works. Most pressing mails can wait few hours and lecture will most likely end up after 90 minutes or sooner. Your critical bug will not be solved withing five minutes and campus newspaper's website being down for few hours is no big deal anyway. Finally, I would really like which school newspaper has so hot stories that you have to run to. And if it is really so critical, they can send text message on your muted phone and you will have to leave the lecture anyway. I'm not saying I want to ban laptops, just that your examples are very unconvincing. I get it, the class is very low priority to you, but if you are going to regularly fix bugs or write emails and then ask other to fill you in, you will be disturbing to others. On the other hand, video can be stopped, rewinded and you have more time to think about the question and find the answer by yourself. Lower DUI in Europe might have more to do with availability of public transport then with anything else. Drinking group does not need non-drinking member nor pay for taxi to get home. They just take relatively cheap bus. Might have something to do with incarceration rates in united states and ridiculously high sentences/consequences for essentially small offences. If something qualify as attack on personal freedom, those two things do. Corporation can not lock you to prison for some petty offense, unless it has cooperation from government. You can get multiple strikes from one event I think. So, it is even harsher. What were you accused of? Any analysis that assumes that whole generation of students and their parents are stupid is suspect. So, two remarks: * Wealthy students are probably choosing more comfort over price. Less wealthy but good student might have different preferences. Wealthy and good student are not synonyms. * All things being equal, I would find it rational to choose school with better tv. All things being equal is important there. You school, or schools in general, seem to be trying to attract the most wealthy students. Whether they are proxy for good student or not does not matter. Even if they would be the best students ever, it would still be just a coincidence. If it would be about quality of attracted people and quality of graduating people, schools would not be so eager to save on professors, adjuncts and so on. I think the whole thing has less to do with students and more to do with administrators incentives. They seem to choose short term grow over long term whatever all too often. Preferring quality of tv over quality of staff is preferring visible effect now over hard-to-see effects in long term. Apparently, GM is strong in dealing with governments. You risk to look sleazy in addition of bluffing previously. Men (or woman really) pretending they know the answer are annoying. The worst is if I really need the answer - then they are both waste of time and source of misinformation. Trying to charm me afterwords will not help. It is more like huge neon writing over your head: do not trust me. If it translate all the time, then you never get to read the original language and never get better at it. Many people (including me) intentionally browse in foreign language to exercise it while reading news and blogs. If the text gets too difficult I may need help, otherwise I want to keep it as it is. Plus automatically translated texts are often pain to read. The translation is good enough to help you decipher meaning, but not good enough to make a real text. Apparently, he just downloaded another browser. While I agree with you, I would point out that planned economy plans are rarely "for the good of everyone". Planmakers tend to enrich themselves and their buddies. I'm tempted to write never, but there might have been that one historical event when it went right. It is hard to shop around because prices are not transparent. It is very hard to find out in advance how much exactly will everything cost you. You can get some partial information (how much they charge for room), but they will not tell you in advance about all the tests you will have to pay. Then there are small item hospitals charge a lot for: band-aids for example. Unless you know a lot about healthcare system, you will not be able to guess all of them. Plus, hospitals are not in habit of committing to agreed upon price in advance. So, even if you shop around the amount they will charge you still can be much different then the one you calculated. I did the same. The top of the thermometer exploded as the mercury inside got too large. Apparently, the thermometer was not designed to measure freshly made tea. Any source of heat, such as radiator, would do the same job. Agreed. Both ability to read materials anonymously and to discuss things privately are very important for both freedom and democracy. That does not mean we must treat every single personal preference as top secret material. It is strategy, they want to use money to finance other future projects. According to one interview I have read, money from Minecraft are used to pay bills and development of other games until they luck out again and have another hit. Developing games is risky and there are no guarantees of success. So, the successful projects have to pay for unsuccessful ones. Isnt advertisement for kids highly regulated in many countries? It is general problem, many companies do the same mistake. Programmer willing to do those needed useful maintenance things is penalized by a.) having less exciting buzzwords on cv, b.) having lower salary, c.) having less interesting work. Surprise surprise, everyone avoids maintenance. Why was this down-voted? He is right, bitlocker is available only for some versions. Plus, there is no way to know whether bitlocker is better or worst and there is no way to audit it. Well know cryptographers opinion on this topic: https://twitter.com/matthew_d_green/status/47895635223707648... He tweeted: Most commercial encryption products are junk. Contrary to what you think, writing crypto things is interestingly hard, not discouragingly or too difficult. Anyone can write one and most coders would enjoy it. The trouble is that if you are not already good in security, your creation will have too many security problems and holes to be useful for anybody who is not NSA. "Forgive me for being stupid, but what does google have to do with all this? It's the last source of traffic that I would think of when it comes to blogging, I could be completely wrong about this but I can't imagine that's the way to to it." The biggest source of traffic on my blog is google. Links from elsewhere cause spikes at bests, but that is it. Search engine is what drives clicks. I guess that bug happened. Any company over 30 people will have at least one borderline asshole and one asshole is enough to poison the code review if managed wrong. The vast majority of people is not important, important is whether they feel comfortable to challenge those in power or not. State of active fear in everybody is not what it is about. The "benefit" is state when you think twice before you donate to Wikileaks or when you hesitate to voice support for Occupy Wall Street, because they might have been used against you at some point. It is also the state when those you donated or joined occupy have to be more careful about what they do and say, because they know things said in supposedly private conversations might be twisted against them. If I recall right, those functions are too fast. It is too easy to iterate through all kinds of possible passwords and you are likely to find plenty of matches. At minimum, you need to add unique salt to each password. It forces the attacker to run dictionary on each account separately. It is also recommended to use different slower hash function or iterate MD5/SHA1 thousands times, so he will be much slower. That is what you get when you isolate decision maker from consequences of his decisions. HR does not feel the pain of you leaving, so he does not care. However, he has trouble to find a new person for low salary, so he is forced to raise the offer. Impact of architectural and design decisions. How hard to decipher certain code parts you are so proud about today are a year later - my experience is that people used to work on small projects or who change projects a lot generate hard to maintain/understand code. Learning non-trivial codebase often takes much more time. I worked on bigger projects and someone who worked there only six months would not be allowed to do bigger or core changes. Then there is domain knowledge (finance, healthcare, law, etc) if you do that kind of software. Six months is enough to learn surface in anything non-trivial and everything is much more effective if developer already learned that. Of course, last two points are not really valid for small projects world. The efficacy of vitamin D taken from food and supplements is under discussion. It is not clear whether it is as effective as being exposed to sun. I do not think that great programmer necessary reads a lot of what amounts to soft "programming/founder lifestyle" blogs. Especially since those two seem to be behind the peek of their fame. I do not remember their names appearing in major tech sites nor on any smaller topic/framework focused ones last years. Plus, you would discriminate against tech oriented programmers that focus more on technological side of the things over soft-quasi-management one. Both of them are arguably smart and experienced, but their blogs are more opinions then need to read text books full of practical tips. Are you hiring programmer or drinking buddy? I would expect him to read blogs/news sites related to technology he used in past, because it basically means he educates himself about technology he uses. Other than that, he can read what he please. I have no reason to care whether his knowledge came from business book, programming book, Joels blog, random browsing or coursera videos, as long as that knowledge is solid (relatively to position he is taking). There is nothing awkward about dinner conversation with a person with different preferences, unless you lived in mono-culture whole your life. Politely state that you do not like Michael Bolton and optionally specify what you like. For some reason, people always managed to find things to talk about, even as hiring managers did not cared about leisure time readings or movie preferences. And seriously, most of your time together should be spend working, not chatting about music. If startups really focus on dinner conversations more then on product and sales, then they are as dysfunctional as big bad corporations. I admit that there are types of personalities I had hard time to work with, but the problem was not in us reading different blogs nor using different programming language nor movies nor music. "But isn't there a basic curiosity in some people?" Someone who does not read the same old blog as you is not curious? That does not make any sense. I checked out Joels blog now (after years) and there does seem to be anything exceptional or different then what is on gazillion other blogs. If anything, Java guy reading about Java could learn about map reduce, full text search, security, compilers, algorithms, sound processing, text analysis, artificial intelligence and million other things in the process. There are java libraries for all those things and when you follow java news you are primary learning about those. Mastering full text search library in ruby is easier if you already mastered another full text search in another language. The underlying concepts are going to be similar. I get it, you care more about language itself, but that does not make you more curious nor better developer. It makes you slightly different. "And what would you take about during lunch - Java development?" I would try various topics until I find the one we can talk about. Plus, discussion with someone who knows different things then me is more interesting usually, I learn new stuff from it. Listening to the same ideas I read about yesterday does not make for a compelling lunch. "I am not saying you should hire based on musical taste, but I am waiting for a solid argument for why you shouldn't." You might as well hire on color of their eyes. It sounds like your answer to question "Are you hiring programmer or drinking buddy?" is "I'm hiring a drink/lunch buddy". If you still work together 10 years later, your topics will be much different then. Whatever you read now is irrelevant. However, with company hires being focused on dinners and lunches small talks, the company is not likely to stay together 10 years later on. Not unless huge changes in culture happen. As for music taste and personality, I do not see much of reliable and relevant to employment. If they would act like jerks towards anybody who does not share their passion or would insist on playing it loud despise other people objections, yeah I would have the issue. Other then that, nope. As far as I'm concerned most people listen whatever was the thing where they grew up. @facepalm I would much rather hire someone who reads in-depts books that those shallow blogs. Too much time spend on blogs and discussion forums is not that great thing. They will sit on unused SWAT teams and use them to collect unpaid parking fees and arrest suspected loiterers from yesterday. I'm exaggerating only slightly. The point is, if judges are signing no-knock raids from non-violent suspects possibly owning small amount of marijuana, they will be signing them for other petty crimes too. End of war of drugs would just re-channel the same tactic against other targets. Writing articles like this counts as "get the message about this sort of thing out to the layperson". You complain that he is not doing what he just did. "It's not like literature would lose anything important if HPMOR wasn't available." It would probably lost a lot of readers, especially among young people. If you remove pure fun please reading as an option, less of them will find themselves in mood for something more serious. He seems to be complaining primary about quality of commit messages, missing emails, commit sign offs an things like that. It is more about bureaucracy (which is arguably important on project if linux size) then about workflow itself. Did you tried coursera classes? Some of them are bad, but if you choose carefully you can have great learning experience. The way teachers work, difficulty and quality are very different, so there is high chance there is one that would satisfy you. But then you are evaluating class he was assigned to teach and its relevance to your career, not his teaching. I did not used whatever I learned about networking or cryptography much, but that does not mean those teachers were bad. Nor does it mean CS major should not contain those classes. Funny ... I had the same impression of some managers. Simply could not accept that certain things are unpredictable. The other thing is that there are places where ambiguity is wrong e.g., documentation. Which was hard to accept for some managers and analysts. I can not write ambiguous code, it ends up doing either one thing or another. Notice the some in my sentences. I managed not to offend whole profession of people. The "have you government approval to encrypt emails" [1] question was not necessary through. They did not even specified which government they mean. [1] https://protonmail.ch/blog/paypal-freezes-protonmail-campaig... I do not think stated reason is necessary the same as the real reason. Real reason is more likely to have to do with control over local population, possibly with trying not to export local data to outside world (e.g. national security) and is likely an attempt to give an advantage to local companies. Combating piracy is just something west is supposed to react more positively at. In all likelihood, they will be the ones to be punished if hidden alcohol is found, whether they drunk it or not. Everyone will assume it was them. I would also guess that they will be punished more severely then other kids for the same transgression. Anyone can easily buy raw milk here and so far no diseases happened. That being said, raw milk manufacturing and transportation are heavily regulated and checked by inspectors. They are also regularly tested for possible infections. And maybe they are a highly intelligent group of bureaucrats trying to solve hard problems so they can snoop through everything and get lucky. Highly intelligent person solving hard problems is not necessary "good guy" nor "ethical guy" nor "law abiding guy". The claim was that Sweden is likely to give Assange to US if US asks for it due to US-Sweden Extradition Treaty. If he is in Sweden, for whatever reason, he can be easily sent to USA if USA asks for him. Why was this downvoted? They are not trying to change the dominant business model nor ban IAP. They ruled that if you make a game like Dungeon Keeper, then you can not advertise the game as free, because it is misleading to customer. EA has to make one minor change in like three words in that ad in order to comply. E.g. all they have to do is to change "free to download and play" into "free to download and try". Yeah, but that might have something to do with perceived shortage of developers. I read somewhere that they used device with 9V battery. We used to lick both 4.5V and 9V batteries as kids. I found 4.5V hit to be quite pleasant and I would repeat the "experiment" a lot. Licking 9V battery was less pleasant, but not really too uncomfortable. I did that multiple times too even through my room was full of toys. Their device could generate less pleasant feelings, sure. But I am kind of skeptical of big conclusions people take out of this study. Unless the 190 buzz guy was the norm, those people spent a lot of time not hitting themselves. Anyone who hit himself once did spent time thinking, then pressed button and then spent another time thinking. The other thing is, I love spending time with thinking when I choose to and have something interesting to thing about. It does not mean that I will contemplate something cool at every random void moment or never get bored while waiting in queue. People who meditate have way more control over when it ends, what they eat and when they turn off the light. Read up about psychological effects about long term solitary confinement and sensory deprivation that goes with it. The problem is not just the high opportunity cost. The experience can cause long term psychological issues. Ninja is someone skillful - in various contexts. Rockstar is someone successful - in all kinds of contexts. I would much rather be called one of those then "diva". Because stereotypes that apply to women are usually about us being stupid, unable to manage finances, being weak, caring only about things like jewelry, not understanding politics, philosophy or anything that requires brain. If you see something pinkified or "for women", you can safely assume it is also dumbed down. It is not always so, but it happens to be true often enough. And mostly, while many people believe stereotypes about women and tend to judge individual women through them, I found that people are less prone to do the same with geek related stereotypes. If they know you are programmer, you get the benefit of the doubt and people are willing to accept you are not borderline autistic. On the other hand, convincing them you know your stuff is harder if you are women. Probably related, negative stereotypes about geeks are equally irritating if I hear them too much, but they are much easier to avoid. You just do not hear nor read them as often as some stupid jokes about women. There are also many positive stereotypes about geeks (geeks being geniuses), positive stereotypes about women ends up pretty much with us being "nurturing". Yes, but that is not how it is used in everyday English. That word is not used too often of when it is, it does not refer to musical talent. "I still haven't heard someone say or allude that women, or a woman, is intrinsically less capable with tech-related crafts. " I got told that twice if I recall right. Once while in highschool and once by colleague. I also had a professor ask me why did I not studied field supposedly easier for women (it was before exam, he had no idea what I know and what I do not know). Then there were was assumption that I will happily do all the repetitive tasks and do not care about doing technically interesting work. I did not seen them doing such assumption for men. Those were direct experiences. Most people who have such opinions shut up about it, it is just that you have to prove yourself harder to get the same as colleague/school mate. It is supposed to be easier to put a bomb inside Phones and Samsung Galaxy then into any other kind of box? Is here anyone skilled in bomb making willing to explain? 94% are settled by pleading. Prosecutors decide whether they will charge you and can pick up charges they like. Chosen charges may make huge difference between years you risk to spend in jail. They can decide to prosecute you in a way that will cost you all your money even if found innocent or in a way that is only costly. The one who holds the most power in criminal proceedings is the prosecutor. It definitely marks you as someone not to be trusted. And I do not think women will continue to feel so comfortable on the site once she knows you use the trick. After all, any women at that site can be paid/competing man posing as women. I took notes during class and used those to learn from later on. My own notes were way more effective then the slides version which often miss a lot of hints. They were also way shorter then books which contains a lot of noise. But I agree that reading and real learning usually happen when you study for exam, not the week it was mentioned by the professor. 14 hours a week is 2.8 hours a day (ignoring weekends) on top of classes you spend in school. We had at least 4 hours a day of lectures during first year. That amounts to 6.8 hours a day not counting countless hours during exams time. It is not that little given that most people are unable to focus fully without breaks, so they have to happen too. In addition, you do count unproductive time in work (pointless meeting, small talk with colleague) as a work time. Most people can learn only so much withing a day and can focus only for so long. I would guess that 6.8 hours can be quite close to the point where your focus run out and you are bound to waste the additional time by staring on book (as opposed to learn from it). That holds true only if the code is repetitive, for example big site with a lot of similar pages. If the code is not repetitive, e.g. composed of modules that do very different things or implement non-trivial algorithms, then knowledge of one part does not necessary translate into another. And if it it is big enough, then everyone knows only small subset of it all, whether you pair program or not. It is hard to get rid of dictator once he has the power. Edit: Just for the record, I did not downvoted you. It took violent revolutions and wars to get there. Then again, the government had to be dysfunctional a lot and weak to get to the revolution. The one with power has the advantage, there is no second mover advantage. And do not forget that some of current dictators have and traditionally had Western support which makes opposition against them even harder. Edit: the second mover has to wait until the dictator gets weak (for whatever reason - it may be caused by outside threat) and power vacuum opens up. Interested parties then fight for power. I would not call any of that "advantage". Isnt it the case that both French and Russians regimes were weak and hugely dysfunctional at that point and relaxed cause they had no other options basically? Another interesting write up about anonymization https://freedom-to-tinker.com/blog/randomwalker/no-silver-bu... tl;dr: it does not work much. " I'd love to just grab a coffee and discuss how we can work together." I do not think the just grab a coffee type of interview leads to great productive teams. Such interview measures primary how charismatic you are, not what you can do. Obviously, too much testing and too many tech interviews are waste of time and wrong. However, the company need to do some of it if it does not want to collect all local bullshitters and word smiths with no real ability. They can really arrested you for drinking as a minor? In here a bar can get into trouble if they sell you a drink, but your only trouble are parents if they ever find out. And I remember that 18-19 years old Americans I knew indeed used to drink (and get wasted too). "Sounds bad, but [...] It almost certainly points to police officers arresting children en masse in order to discover the real perpetrator" ... seems to me like a horrible counterproductive thing. Except that actual violence comitted by teens is going down. Only 6% of american prisons are private. This kind of thinking, right here is a problem. The "something is wrong there" assumption is wrong all too often. The assumption that the situation requires cops is wrong too - the wrong thing is most likely a parenting issue and should be dealt with by parents. Do not take me wrong, I do plan to restrict my kids movements in age appropriate ways and if they are out at 1 a.m. it better be for good reason and with my prior approval. However, even if it is without mu approval, the appropriate punishment is not cuffing nor arresting them. That kind of thing should be reserved for potential criminals that are flight risk or about to be violent. Teaching teens that arrests are normal part of life and done for normal growing up infractions teenagers occasionally commit in all parts of world is inherently wrong. I love this one - someone made Java annotation for ugly hacks: https://github.com/benpage26/libxron/blob/016dd953a54eacada2... Surely they have business reasons behind layoffs. But nah, they are not written in that mail and blabling used in that mail is horrible. He will count the same hash(passphrase + door id) again. "The generated password is also site-unique and thus leaves you more resilient against sites losing their password databases or being outright malicious" Assuming this tool would become popular, I do not think it would make any difference in scenario you described. If I know that a lot of people use this to generate their passwords, I can: * guess the door id (e.g. facebook or fb for facebook.com), * concatenate it to usual attack guess, * hash the result one more time and continue in exactly the same way as usually. Bonus for attacker: if any of password databases leaks and attacker manages to acquire your passphrase the above way, he needs only few door id guesses to get access on any of yours accounts. What if the candidate actually does work in his current job and thus spend a lot of time focused on coding, writing etc (as opposed to dealing with personal mail constantly)? Off-topic: Jean Valjean as described in a book would not gain much by being exposed to popular opinion and definitely not by the society back then. His first crime have been party out of desperation, but the rest was just him being impulsive and not thinking even five minutes ahead. He was very close to current low socioeconomic status (ghetto) boy stereotype - those do not get breaks nor lower sentences. Go home, relax and calm down. Play a game, go on bicycle, read or watch some movie. Then, reschedule the meeting. You spent weeks reading about docs, they did not. You see it as super important right now, they see it as just another work related issue and meeting that can wait till tomorrow. You spent a lot of time preparing, they have no such stake in it. They are probably not even aware of how much it matters for you, their behavior is not personal. You would not spent that much time in preparation if the docs would not be important. It would be unfortunate to give up just because your colleges prefer to go home over meeting today. Implementing documentation process and enforcing guidelines will take a lot of long term efforts even if they buy everything you plan for that meeting. People have tendency to fall back to old habits after few days/weeks. If you really want change, you must not give up after initial (although annoying) setbacks. I am neither native French not English speaker who learned both (although I forgot a lot of French ever since). English is much easier in the beginning, but it is very hard to really master it. Prepositions are main culprit, it is basically random system. French is harder in the beginning (conjugations/ le vs la), but gets easier and more systematic afterwards. The problem is not IAP on itself. The problem is when the apps mislead about what you get for your payment or when so called "free" apps are unusable without payment. In a way, non-exploitative apps (with or without IAPs) are probably victims in current situation. I guess I'm not alone who simply do not trust anything with "offers in-app payments" label and avoids it as much as possible. There is no way for me to distinguish between "real game company" and exploitative company. The problem of small game companies is that customers have no way to distinguish between good and crap game before buying and most of what is found in app store is of very little quality. I do not know how the company can solve it without better app discovery features from app stores themselves. I prefer buying new app. That way I know that I will still own it if I change the phone and I know the payment is one time only. The whole problem started with people who paid/downloaded and felt lied to afterwords. Better analogy would be an advertisement for renovated house with fixed ceiling and you find the ceiling was just colored and is leaking water during rain. In most free-to-play games I have seen, player does not really know the real value he is paying for. At least when you do first buys, you usually do not know how far you can get with that item and when you will have to buy another one. That was my impression too. They have limited resources, so it is well possible that only few random people will be hit and willing to talk about it. My understanding is that muslims are watched very closely. "For a professional driver, speeding, especially when driving a customer, should be an absolute no-go." That does not describe my experience with taxi drivers at all. They speed a lot and customers expect them to speed when they hurry somewhere. (I do not live in USA) Free market drives prices down. That is what it is supposed to do. How exactly is it supposed to fix what they consider false "free" labels on apps? Products are not priced on sustainable levels, because sustainably priced app will loose against the one priced as "free". It is even worst then that. Even big AAA hit games are often loose money projects due to insane development costs. Game studios that produced great games close every month. Big publishers (EA) have track record of destroying brought successful studios within two years. Small developers struggle and close even more often. Games seems to be extremely hard business these days. The trouble with parental controls used to be that they worked differently then advertised. Parent configured password, but there was grace periods of password-less 15 minutes after each buy which was not explained to user. You had to follow tech news to know about it. Or, parent configured password, but the password was required only for app store, not for IAP. Apple store does not allow you to download anything, not even free apps, if you do not have credit card set up. So, if you wanted anything on that device, you had to configure it there. Essentially, parental controls are getting better slowly, but only lately and under pressure of regulators. The other issues are already existing regulations about marketing targeted at children and when the word "free" is a lie. EU restricts kids targeted advertisements in general and has rules against lies in advertisements. A lot of debate is friction about whether app stores should follow the same rules as everybody else and how to interpret those rules in apps. gamasutra.com is more like industry journal with its own content. It is not a news/blog posts agregator. gamedev.net and gamedevs.com seem to be closer to each other. Proper release planning for tiny one man fifteen users project is very little planing. Those projects do not get erratic development or get abandoned because they lack "proper planing". That is reversing cause and effect. They lack heavy planing because their development depends too much on free time of one or two people, who have other life priorities. No amount of planning will change that. Mine home address is available to anybody from local yellow pages too. Privacy is indeed important, but fear of robberies is not the reason why we should protect it. Nor is someones home address the supersecret info I desperately need to protect. There were maybe two facebook post triggered robberies worldwide. It is much easier to rob one of hundreds seemingly right now empty houses robber goes around every day then to analyze pictures and maps to find one random target. Junkies will not analyze your pics to find a street map and then follow map to get there. They will rob what is nearby. Hard coded logger instantiation in a library is anti-pattern. Whoever is using your library usually has his own opinions on how much of your stuff he wants in logs. Most robberies happen during the day when people are in work and streets are noisy. Attempting to rob city house in night sounds like even more stupid thing then daytime robbery. Logging is still weird example to pick up for it. First, it make sense to have it configurable in production (and yes we ask clients to raise logging level in production we have no access to in case of troubleshooting). Second, it is not like each java program would be inventing its own super complicated xml like logging configuration. It is pretty much always done the same standard way. Pretty much every java app uses one of two standard logging libraries and those libraries share the same API. You can configure that standard API in xml, through properties file or in code and all three methods are basically the same thing in three different syntaxes. None of them is easier or harder then the other two and everyone is familiar with both xml and properties file one. No one normally obsess about logging code too much. It is the least obtrusive easiest to do part of anything you can possibly work at. I was turned off by a.) horribly slow speed of Android virtual machine b.) being hard to code for it with maven c.) I did not particularly liked their xml language for gui. I would have to write mobile, I would use one of those languages that compile into both Android and iOS as much as possible. The linked article criticizes text books for not covering experiments criticism. The full title is: "What the textbooks don't tell you - one of psychology's most famous experiments was seriously flawed". The title on HN have been shortened and information got lost in the process. I guess that depends where you live. That thing is intersection like any other and the one on the right has a priority. So, unless there is a sign, the car about to enter the circular road should go first. And yes, all roundabouts have signs in here. Your personal risk is lower when you drive with the flow, even if that flow is faster then speed limit. This is kind of collective action problem, if most drivers restrict their speed, everyone is safer. If only few of them restrict themselves, those few are not much safer. The drivers who obey the law do not bear responsibility for the increase in risk, but neither they raised their own safety. 2.) Caused a lot of big troubles in companies I worked for. The customer signs. Turns out that developers can not make the feature till the launch. Shortcuts are taken to cover up. We ship broken buggy software just to make the deadline. Whops. Of course, salesman learned that all went well, because all those bugs are going to be reported/fixed weeks and months after launch. He does not see the connection. Salesman do that again and again, promises conflict with each other, development is permanently without feature plan to stick to more then a month. Work get to be done redone again and again and the code is increasingly crappy and buggy. Of course, development gets blamed for all those problems. Of course development can do nothing about underlying cause of it. Feature scheduling by salesman during the meeting is horrible thing. That behavior is the reason why sales have reputation of being liers and why companies tend to produce crap so often. It is not overstated. What happens there is that development will end up in loose loose situation: fail the deadline or take significant shortcuts (ship buggy software). No matter what choice they take, most often second one, the development will be blamed. My issue with that question would be that it favors students who spent a lot of time reading blogs, slashdot/HN/other journal like discussions over those that spend time coding. If you read enough of such opinions pieces, then you should pass this line of questioning reasonably and defend it even if you hardly used the tech in question. I am saying that as someone who would confidently blable about agile development (it is the thing back then) and architectural designs/patterns without experiencing them on a real project at that age. Those questions may show whether the candidate has general well roundness, but they are not likely to distinguish those who can do from those who can not do. Someone who focus on solving problems and coding will be able to answer them to some level, but it is very easy for him to answer less well and in less details. It is just a nitpick, but opinionated argument about superiority of a solution that person just quickly architected is not a good thing. Opinionated argument about a solution that the person through out and really considered advantages/disadvantages is a good thing. Opinionated argument about half through unprepared ideas are fun, but waste of time when done during meetings. @jghn There is a difference between asking also those questions to learn about candidates breadth of knowledge on one hand and making it a focus of interview on another. Former is ok, latter will select strong talkers and will have little relationship to actual ability to produce anything. I do not think fizzbuzz counts as work. WebSphere may be upgrade from a lot of the scripting lang stacks, but it still is a horrible crap. I think that open source J2EE compliant alternatives exist and are much much better. Professionals come in various shapes. Torvalds is not the most polite man in the worlds, far from that. However, he achieved a lot, whether because or despite of it. So, yeah he reserve respect and deserve to be called professional. Although not to be called "the most polite man". Some of us have worked for corporation where all problems were sugar coated in nicely sounding phrases. They got hidden so nobodies feelings are hurt and criticized person did not even recognized there is a problem with his work. The whole system becomes dysfunctional in its own right. Arent diversity and gender issues orthogonal to this? You can have room full of diverse women, man, blacks, whites, young, old swearing a lot. You can have young-white-male-only group talking nicely to each other (while still being exclusive club rejecting anyone else). You just shouted :). Anyway, from your description, I have no idea what kind of game it is. That makes me less likely to download it. Platformer? Action? Puzzler? Kudos for making really free game with no permissions. That made me actually download it and try. It was hard to find the restart button. I tried all three buttons on my phone, tapped all corners and spaces between. Maybe some hint that I have to press pause first? The wall of text in the beginning is too long for most people and the main character could move somewhat faster. That being said, the game looks very nice. While a I agree with you up to the point, the word "professionalism" is often used to construct social convention around a rule that did not existed previously or is not strong. I am talking about a situation where the society do not care much, but the person using the word "professionalism" does and wants us to force it on others. Just because there are higher organizational levels of "professionalism" does not mean that it is reasonable to go there for our profession. Those higher organizational levels should be taken when there is a clear need for them. They should not be taken just because we feel we exist long enough. Cops taking someones property without him being convicted of crime first seem more dangerous to me. Preponderance of the evidence is balance of probabilities. E.g. if it is 51% likely that you did it, it is assumed you did it. Clear and convincing evidence means that it must be highly and substantially more probable that you are guilty in order to be assumed so. E.g. 51% would not do it. In any case, forfeiture was done to people who were not even charged with anything, much less convinced of a crime. Both are legal definitions. Convenient wiki: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legal_burden_of_proof What app did you made? Just because one like the soundtrack does not mean one wants to play the game. Less important thing that can be done in two hours may have higher priority then more important thing that requires twelve man-moths of development. Or higher then one we have no idea how to do so far. Priority is more about scheduling and importance ignores planning/managerial issues. We used "Resolved" and "Closed" for two different things in work too. I was missing those distinctions on afterwards. It was zero additional work. Importance was filled by analyst and priority when planning. It was very neatly managed project, one of the best I worked on. If it is kept neat, those things help a lot. Github labeling way of prioritizing and what not is actually harder to keep then fixed fields. You can live with that, but it requires more effort and attention to be useful. Anyway, the problems the parent complained about are not in priority/importance category. The inability to do prioritization more practical then labels or milestones is a big thing. It is standing in a way, because you have to spend too much time in issues list and essentially re-prioritize in head again every time you are looking for something to do. Keep in mind that most personal bankruptcies are caused by medical bills. You can not exactly postpone critical operation until you save money. You can not work while you are sick a lot. And medical prices are non-transparent, patient have no idea which tests/interventions are needed and which are not, so it is hard to price shopping even if you have time for it. If 35% percent of population do something, then it is better to look for structural reasons other then "population is stupid" simplification. The trouble is, the decisions based on KPI do not take these things into account. They are usually made up in the hierarchy by people entirely detached from what is done day to day. They usually do not know the harm done and wonder where the company is loosing money. Your combination of multiple KPI amounts to somewhat more complicated KPI. There will be perverse incentives unless you get perfectly right. And that is possible only if the work, including the long term consequences of decisions, are easily quantifiable - which is not the case of most non-trivial jobs. "How can anyone run a production build where parts of your build are being downloaded from untrusted third party sources in real time? How do you ensure repeatable, reliable builds?" By not downloading everything from maven central in real time. Companies usually run their own repository and builds query that one. Central is queried only if the company run repository is missing some artifact or they want to update libraries. How much bureaucracy stands between you and company run repository upgrades depends on company and project needs. As for production, does anyone compile stuff on production? I through everyone sends there compiled jars. You know what exact libs are contained in that jar, no information is missing. Americans can be imprisoned for debt too if the debt was caused by legal fees and fines. You can live without a car if there is an acceptable public transport. That being said, car ownership among young Americans is going down. There have been some "OMG car is independence and growing up, they do not care about that" cries few months ago. I guess it is blamed if you buy a car (luxury) and blamed if you do not buy a car (car being a symbol) case. Facebooks ability to use my kids and cat pictures is not comparable to government ability to read political activists or journalists emails. Random person ability to know what school I did go to is not as dangerous to justice as governments ability to read communication of defense in high profile case. By your logic, everyone who make noise about NSA should go underground to keep the right to complain. "I have nothing to hide" is in this context synonymous with "I am not associated with wikileaks or any other know activist group able to anger the powerful" and "I am not journalist about to make government angry" and "I am not developing tor or some encryption tool" and "I am not defense layer in important case" and "I am not involved with occupy wall street" and so on. The spying on commission investigating NSA was already revealed. "Nothing to hide" theory presumes NSA did it just for fun and had nothing to gain. I have nothing to hide too. However, that is because I am not politically significant. The privacy and protection against agencies are not that needed for random Joe, however random Joe still benefits from fair democratic process even if he chosen not to be active. They are needed for politically active people not currently in power. Or, imagine something like Petraeus scandal. Ability to see someones mails and ability whose browsing habits are about to become public knowledge is huge. Ability to see opposition or activists or defense lawyer plans can make huge difference even if they are not involved in anything illegal or unethical. Yes, but I kind of assume that political activist does not keep his super secret emails on facebook. While the relative grade does not matter in some majors, it may matter in others. They can influence internships or scholarship accessible to you. It matters a lot when student wants to study medicine. Law firms look at grades when selecting graduates. If you want to go to grad school, your grades matter a lot too. So, in a sense, grades are real competition. Out of curiosity: would a bicycle solve that routine 2-3 and 4-5 miles walking problem? Yep I read stats that my kids results depends more on parents then on school choice. But you know what? If I have kid in shitty school, I will have to spend a lot of time and effort by supplementing that school and occasionally fighting that school. I will have to pay for tutors. I will have to look up math plans and exercises on the internet. The preparation for SAT or CAT or whatever will take more months then it would if the kid would be in a good school. If I have a kid in good school, I can spend all that time and effort by something else. As a consequence, good school makes my kid to gain that something else and both of us to have less stressful life. I'm going to be involved too, but we will be both doing something we enjoy or something that adds bonuses on top on what school should be teaching. That parental involvement can be both difficult and uncomfortable or pleasurable and easy. Which one it is going to be depends a lot on school choice. Bad electronic record system is probably worst then paper based one. Good electronic record system might be better then paper based one. The trouble is that quality is not the thing that wins you big contract with big institution all too often, so I would not be surprised if the common electronic systems were the bad ones. "The Coming of the Third Reich" from Richard J. Evans I read it recently and it did changed the way I look at the politics and government now. It made me fully understand that things like separation/accumulation of powers are really important. As in when activists of all kinds complained about such set-ups before, I treated it only abstract theoretical problems. Not anymore, I see the point now. The Third Reich did not happen overnight as it seemed from high school version of it, it was made possible by thousands tiny steps by varying parties. There were other things to learn from that book too, but the above was the most important. It is a first part of a trilogy and whole of it is worth reading. That first part was the most eye opening to me through. 'Enron: The smartest guys in the room' by Bethany McLean. Be warned, it is difficult to read (a lot of jargon and the pages are too packed with new informations). Programming talent and skills do not translated into business talent and skills. And vice versa. It does not even translate into an idea doable by just two guys that can sell well and is not easily doable by other two guys. How many such products does exist? How is that different from regular mail? Any postman can open the mail, copy/read the content and then close envelope. It is maybe 5 minutes of work. There are things you can become damn good at it if you put the time in. Those are definitely worth doing professionally. But, there are also things you can get mediocre at best if you put in excessively lot of time. Those are not worth trying to do professionally, although hobby is another matter. On the other hand, I think that we underestimate childrens ability to get up again after failure or isolated stray word of discouragement. Telling children they sux one too many times will lower their self-esteem, sure. However, most of them will recover from hearing something slightly discouraging once in a while just fine. Muscle type you possess is pretty much given and make difference between talented sprinter and talented weight lifter (speed vs strength). Possible body flexibility depends on muscles and joints too and you can influence it only up to the point. You can do only so much to make your attention span longer and better attention span is advantage in some sports too (say race driving). Whether your body can sustain extensive training or whether it will break depends partly on your genetics too. If you are low on red cells in blood, you will be at disadvantage too. Bigger hands are an advantage in swimming, longer hands in climbing. Some people learn technique easier then others although I do not know what is the difference there. Your sensitivity to pain is not only a question of will power, it depends on genetics too - lower pain sensibility is advantage too. There are plenty of individual variances that make difference between who can succeed in professional sport and who not. "not fit for the NBA" is not extreme, it is normal. Anyone who plays in NBA is highly skilled highly above average individual. It is the same with foreign languages, some learn it easier then others. I had plenty of schoolmates that learned them much faster then me. We all started with no previous foreign language skills. We did the same set of exercises in school and they ended up knowing most of the material while I had to study a lot just to keep up. I think it is meat to be difference between putting headphones on and going to run for an hour versus having good training plan that is based on training best practices and focuses on your weaknesses. Or a difference between just playing songs you like and between playing 30 seconds of some difficult song over and over not because you like it, but because you need to learn that kind of notes sequence to progress. Why was this downvoted? Revolutions are bloody mess and do not usually bring in democracy. Quite the opposite. Plus, they tend to be successful only when overthrowing already weak government. The ease with which some throw around rizing citizens and overthrown governments is mind boggling. Americans tend to be incredibly risk-averse when it comes to physical risks and terrorism, but they seem much less risk averse when it comes to money. Given the same personal financial risk, Americans seem more likely to start risky business. The one that does not have dozens of ignored three years old pull requests and decent level communication with newcomers on mailing list and in issues. Mathematicians I knew tended to make minor arithmetical errors as much as anyone else, some of them a lot. Ability to do accurate computation is not much relevant in theoretical math. What is relevant is your ability to reason and abstract thinking. Of course, that does not mean kids should not be taught arithmetic. It just mean that we should distinguish between mistakes caused by not understanding the topic and those that are just result of doing a lot of operations with similar numbers. the former should be dealt with as bigger deal then latter. That does not mean he did some tedious calculation fast. It is more likely that he understood some special property of those series to determine which number is incorrect. Except that generations differ from each other in both behaviour and values. Moreover cultures differ from each other in both behavior and values. When you make a test on American 18-20 years old, you may be learning something universal about humans or you may be learning something special about products of current American educational system. Perception and social behavior of current American 18-20 may seem universal to someone who is American 18-20 or close to them, but not necessary when you come from different culture. Many of those studies try to measure how much you are influenced by something you read/heard ten minutes ago, how much likely you are to cooperate/compete in some special situation etc. Are you claiming that these reactions are necessary universal? There is no shortage of lawyers in usa. America produce so many lawyers, that they have trouble to find work. Plus, there is no country in a world where law practice does not require years of study. Our school (not law, CS) ended up with one big exam that was supposed to test almost all subjects from previous five years. Pass rates are higher then law bar, they do not aim to be cruel on that exam. 2 months of intensive preparation seems to be equivalent of what good students here need for prep. No matter how great your teachers were, you forget some things and need to revise before such huge and important exam. I checked this out and in-office trained would be layers tend to fail a lot: "61 percent of the 39,313 examinees from California- and ABA-approved law schools passed the bar. In contrast, just 26 percent of the 39 law readers who took the bar exam made the grade. (Of the 10 who passed, only 2 were first-time takers.)" It does not seem to be easy method at all. [1] https://www.callawyer.com/Clstory.cfm?eid=916106 It is not self learned prior test. If you or I wanted to pass the bar, no way we could do it with just a few months of self study. It is years before that made them able to pass the bar with just a two months of learning. Theoretically, school could organize two months of sychronized revising and cramming, but I think that self revising is more effective at that age and skills level. No, it is not expected. The part of brain responsible for reading can develop any time between 4 and 7 years old. Most are there by 6 and plenty of 5 years old are not there yet. By the time they are 8, there is no difference between former early readers and other kids, so there is no reason to worry about it. No arguing with that, really. You are right. I can tell with certainty that getting cancer sux even if they treat you for free. Broken leg, hearth stroke or even flu sux to. So does most diseases and injuries known to humanity. While I do not have any beef with the idea of government making regulations, policing cell phone usage in planes (or busses or trains or inside mcDonald restaurant) is not what I expect them to do. There is at least one lawsuit going on with relation to kickstarter. There is some kind of contract involved/assumed and you can expect "good faith" attempt to produce result. If they just take your money and run away, they are as liable as any other fraud. What about established octogenarian black female vs upcoming white straight young male? Those devices often block literally everything out of small box, whether in-class or out of class. Yes, blocking the facebook while in class makes perfect sense. There is zero reason to make big deal about them reading facebook, wikipedia or random blogs in the evening. It is not exactly smart thing to say, it may be slightly annoying too, but it is far from objectifying a female. They are free to get, but you have to pay money if you need to revoke that certificate. Except you are not trying to spread the message about oppressive internet laws in Russia. Nor are you informing and complaining about Russian freedom. Instead, you are complaining about Snowden not instantly becoming Russia freedom activist and general expert on Russia freedom. Because if he does not get himself involved in freedom of all countries in the world, then his own message about freedom in country he is actually citizen of does not count. Because he should voluntary spend the rest of his life in small box to prove his is not hypocritical, right? Why would tracking someones movements be an extraordinary achievement for CIA? And if he would travel under his own name, why should it be hard for them to know where and when did he booked a flight? Both tasks should be business as usual for such huge secret service. I'm not saying it is easy and flawless, just that calling it "extraordinary" is in all likelihood an exaggeration. They do not need to know where exactly he is at every single moment to make travel too risky for him. Them not knowing where he was during that incident does not imply them not knowing where he is now. Neither it implies them not having an informer who would tip them if the Snowden tries to arrange secret fly. CIA had a lot of time between them and now. It also have a lot of resources and his movements are likely to be top priority for them. Them knowing he boarded a plane is real risk for him. There are also plenty of soccer players who worked hard, trained as much as they could and did not became famous players. The same goes for any well developed sport. Hard work is a must, but so is the right body type, support in make difference age and, well, luck. It also goes other way round. Just as bad behavior cause economical problems, economical problems cause social and behavioral problems. If you live in a place with huge unemployment rates, not much to do and little hope for future, you are more likely to start drinking or get into trouble. The effect can be seen when local economy goes down the drain while the people stay in place - problems goes up usually. To add to it, when people try and fail multiple time, they often give up entirely. Then they are unable to help themselves even if it is actually possible (learned helplessness). If your changes to succeed in whatever you have been trying as young were too low, you might have concluded that there is no point trying anymore. European countries immigration systems are not equal. Just getting a job in Switzerland if you are foreigner is considerably harder. The employer has to demonstrate that no native would be able to your job. The government will send him unemployed locals and employer has to write what exactly disqualified that local. It is considerable hustle, so most of them do not bother. Plus, as a foreigner in Switzerland, you will always be looked down upon. It is hard to get accepted as equal. The correlation in Europe tend to be between parental education level and child education level. The correlation between parental income and education level of the child is weaker. Being educated does not imply being wealthy. Working on a big project where people come in and out too often is a problem in its own right. The simple reality of code being written by too many people who are there only for short time tends to create special kind of mess. It also means that project will tend to repeat the same mistakes again and again. This kind of integration projects tend to be discounted by some as boring and stupid and indeed there is a lot of boring and annoying work to do on them. The thing is, this kind of project also have non-trivial learning curve until you become effective and the more organizational mess there is to overcome the steeper it becomes. There are more red flags then just salary cap on this one. There is greed and selfishness and there is being taken advantage of. When project leadership appeals too much on heroism, unchecked ego, patriotism or loyalty, all kinds of red flags are going up. That is not sure. Overall management would not magically get better if the project would be done by small in-house team of developers. The same management that allowed contractor failure would allow in-house failure and the same management that hired incapable contractor would put together incapable in-house team. Basically, the same bad decision makers would made the same bad decisions. You can blame the team for bad code, but you can not blame them for such a huge failure of the whole project. Can I backup my solutions on github now? According to accounts at the time, the original team on this project was working late nights long before the failed September deadline. Their attempts to inform government that they will not make it were cut with "failure is not an option". Are you saying that this situation would be impossible with in-house team? There were reports of contractor fighting government over scope, are you saying that in-house team would win that fight? There was no one in government side with power to say "no" to features and with power to prioritize. Are you saying that such political power would magically appear in someone if they would use in-house team? There were reports of stressed governments people coming to contractor site in person all of sudden and forcing developers to show them not done yet hopefully cool features (nope not login, none of them cared about sign up and load problems). I am not making this up. Are you saying that the same geniuses would left in-house team alone? There was no one officially responsible for integration of parts done by various companies and integration testing. Would the same management put aside time and resources for that work if the companies would be replaced by in-house teams? Well, maybe a little on this one, but I doubt they would put aside enough. Plenty of outsourcing contracts have set price or deadlines and penalties for breaking them. Plenty of them are not paid on hourly fee basis. At least one of contracted companies has history of failures under their belt, so they are hardly innocent in the whole failure. That does not make government management more sound. It just makes them equally guilty at worst. "For an in house team who do their own maintenance, the same things mean embarrassment, late nights, and possibly getting fired. So scope creep and avoidable complexity are bad for the in-house team." There are few problems with this assertion: * Scope creep is problem beyond the tech team. Scope creep happens to in-house teams of private companies as often as it happen to contractors. That one can be solved only someone with real political decision making power cooperates. * In-house team does not get much embarrassment after failed deadline and firings usually does not happen after them. The thing is, if the management is competent, management knows the deadline will be failed in advance and have a plan for that. Deadlines are failed for various reasons overly optimistic estimates being the primary one. * Most importantly, good management does not fire people after they failed important deadline due to laziness. Good management replaces lazy incapable people long before and does not assign mission critical tasks to unproven people. Management that ignores problems and then comes in all guns blazing after predictable failure is bound to build quite horrible in-house teams. Managing contractors is somewhat different then managing in-house team, but both require sound management to succeed. You might be somewhat better at managing one vs another, but you are unlikely to be great in managing in-house team while being total failure in managing contractors. There has been looting Sunday night. It is Wednesday today. Except these cops are eager to escalate the situation even if no looting is taking place: http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/dispatches/2... You can get publicly funded counsel only if you are poor enough and unable to afford own lawyer. And public defenders tend to be overworked and underfunded, so it is not like they will give you too much personal attention. Start new project on Github? :) You can test whether the kid is mature enough to start the school and it makes perfect sense. E.g. fine motor skills, ability to listen to instructions, attention span, ability to split words into letter requires some center to be developed enough too, etc. If the kid is lacking in some too much, it makes sense to delay him a year. It does not mean the kid will be stupid, speed of development has little relation to "final" intelligence. Ability to read the alphabet (or any other set of memorized facts) at that age has very little relation to how the kid will be able to do two years later. Fully agree. It is more about attitude of adults who often tend to assume the girl has not build stuff potential and treat them as such. Just stop marking every single toy as boy or girl one. Most boyish engineering toys are actually perfect for both sexes, as long as you stop telling girls "it is boys toy, you are not supposed to play with it, see the coloring on the box?". And I heard the last one in toy store and it was idiotic on multiple levels. (Why should anything non-pink be for boys only, really?). Girls do not need special toys build for them. We need to stop teaching kids that every damn toy is either inherently boyish or girlish. Isnt it the case that coal mining requires considerable physical force? I just googled "more men into nursing" with no quote and some are actually working on it. Isnt lego more art then engineering through? I liked engineering toys as a child (mostly merkur), but found lego less interesting. It is more about building something good looking then about solving problems and being technical. Point taken, I did not had lego technic. I'm not sure about today, but it was more expensive then just buying bricks and over what my parents were willing to pay for a toy. Although lego Technic looked to me like a toy anyway while merkur looked to me like a "real thing". There is something special on using real screwdriver and screws :). Lego Mindstorms would be in the same price category today, I would say. I suspect most parents would have to be sure the kid will play with it to excuse the price, it is not something you buy just to try whether the kid like it or not. Depends on the age of the kid and price of the item. By the time they are able to take advantage of sensors, LEDs, motors and resistor, they are fully able not to harm themselves with it. So it boils down to how expensive stuff you buy. Even younger kids do not have to be very closely supervised when working with real tools if you remove dangerous ones. Three years old can safely play with few screwdrivers, pliers and cardboard box without close supervision. The single biggest predictor of high academic achievement is socioeconomic status of parents. There is whole lot of what we do not know about kids and effects of reading at various ages. There are also a lot of unconfirmed myths about it. To make it even worst, most studies on very young kids (babies) dealt with language deprived kids and not normally developing kids. You will not be academically successful if you can not read well and reading a lot of books makes you better reader. Parents who love reading and read a lot lead to kids that love reading. Depending on what exactly you mean as good intellectual start, the effects might been much less proven then we like to believe. I'm not disproving those studies, just their interpretations. Those famous baby reading studies were made on language deprived children, because it actually makes sense. Those babies are in need of help. Knowing whether twenty or whatever minutes of reading makes difference or not can change peoples lives. It turns out, that it does. However, concluding from the above that normally developing baby in family that communicates with him a lot will get the same benefit is incorrect. May or may not be. The other thing is, babies, toddlers, preschoolers and elementary school children are very different in a lot of ways. The effects of reading on those groups are going to be different. The effects of reading on interested and uninterested child are going to be different too. And it just so happens that many very small kids are not interested in being read to. Note that I'm not saying that reading to preschooler stories that the preschooler likes will not help to build love for reading. I'm kinda sure it will. However, the whole "reading every day is necessary for children of all ages" drum beats are overstating what is actually known about it. Except that it is not how it turned out. It turned out that "us" was law enforcement and "them" essentially anyone else. Mostly any kid smoking small amount of marijuana. Being free of drugs wont necessary help you, because law enforcement so much power, that they can take away your property even if you have done nothing wrong. And you can still get stopped and searched for drugs for no reason. Aren't they two different groups living in the same area through? Some are happy with rising houses and do not want new buildings (most of them owners, but not only them) and some are not (most of them renters, but not only them). I always go from top to down and open a new tab for everything I find reading worthy. Then I close the original tab (e.g. facebook) and go reading them. I guess that all articles I find reading worthy are going to take a hit as worthless for facebook. Short bursts of overtime is not crunch. Crunch is by definition long term. Anyway, I recall that you can actually raise short term productivity for up to four weeks or so, but expect lower output following weeks. The productivity falls if crunch runs longer then six weeks. Not sure about in between. That was just one study, so take it or leave it. Last note: if you have 60-80 hour work weeks before every major release, then there is something wrong with your planning or process. In any case, it does not sounds like the release will be much tested before shipment. People I knew that worked that much, used to spend a lot of time blankly staring at screen or chatting about weather after few weeks. The rest and socialization they were missing out of work somehow creeped into work. I do not think they were aware of the effect, it is just that everything took them somewhat longer time. Titles of old articles tend to have (yyyy) slapped after them. So maybe he wants to notify admins that they should add one. That depends on whether you define free market as anarchy or free of regulation or whether you define it in the original economical theory sense: a lot of competitors with essentially same product and everyone instantly know all available into (so everyone buys cheapest of the same). Monopoly is not free market in the original sense, even if it came out from unregulated competition. Most people are fully able to work in both 100% done and release flawed but soon scenarios. Most people simply adjust to company they work in just fine. Almost all are also can work in both team and lone gunman settings - although they will have preference there. Unless you are very careful, you can select out very good candidates basically based on how companies they previously worked in performed in those scenarios. Plus, security of the software is more about company priorities then about some real vs unreal programmer differences. It requires repeated code reviews with focus on security, it requires occasional penetration testing and it is often in conflict with speed of development. Startups often simply do not have time and money for it. (Big companies are often unwilling to pay for it, so their software ends up equally vulnerable.) "in Washington state, N.P.R. found, offenders even get charged a fee for a jury trial — with a 12-person jury costing $250, twice the fee for a six-person jury." Is that legal/constitutional? Although German universities were meant to teach things that are going to be useful later on. They were not intended to give "well rounded experience" people these days talk about without being useful to chosen career. Although we are all different, no study found a person that would be the most efficient at 80 hour work weeks. Similarly, although our sleep needs differ somehow, no study ever found a person that would be effective with under 6 hours a night sleeping. I do not think a day or two somewhere can cure organizational dysfunction. You need to change the way people are working, incentives and processes. They will fall into the old patterns otherwise, no matter how motivated everyone after those two days will be. He was not modest. He wrote the comment to say how much better his county medical system is. Except that he did not specified the country, so there is no way to verify his claim. Many non US healthcare systems have bureaucracy or long hours too or both too. Management and manipulation are not the same, although the successful management may require some manipulation. Good managers do more then just manipulate a bunch of people into doing managers work. I have seen managers like that and they are useless to organization. They just suck up money and time, although they personally may be doing good. We do not want the schools to produce more people like that. That is absurd on at least two levels. First of all, I really do not get "you are not supposed to prep for standardized tests" attitude. You prepare for graded exams in school, if you prepare for them you get better grades. But, for some weird reason, I should not prepare for ACT, although that one is much more important for future? If I will train writing essays within 20 minutes I will get better score then if I do not. Why is a student that does not care about it in advance behaving "as supposed to" then the one who cares? Is there any other culture in the world where you are "not supposed to" study for an important exam? The clubs thing is ridiculous too. If my "natural" selection of clubs makes my admission to good school less likely, it is my natural response to adjust clubs selection. The ridiculous thing is basing admissions on fluff like that. Where did this come from? The requirement that you have to put yourself voluntary in jail or worst if the rules are aggressive enough is ridiculous. Civil unrest is when you are trying to solve larger societal problem through it. You are disadvantaged by doing it whether you turn yourself to law or not. The difference against Uber is that they are not trying to solve some injustice or political problem. They are trying to get advantage over competition by ignoring the rules competition follows. It is just trying to get an advantage for themselves. First of all, low level low pay employees are held up that standard you cite. They do not get breaks and other similar perks. Second, I would much rather work 40 hours with very little chit-chat then mandatory 60 hours with 30 hours that time being wasted. I actually worked in such environment and liked it. I would note that it was team culture, not something enforced by a set of punishments. Preventing monopoly creation is an important regulatory task. Fighting them after they are powerful takes years, often dozens of years. Great economist would optimize the money at the start of their career? I would expect him to optimize lifetime earnings. I can tell with certainty that my kids do not have all that much choice when it comes to education. By the time they will be old enough to get that choice, their education will be mostly done thing. If you do not care about yourself, you may end up doing all that super important but non glamorous work that does not sound great when looking for another job. You will not have right checks and buzzwords on resume, cause you have been too busy doing useful "normal" work. Consider also the latest "github is your resume" hiring fad. Do you think it is possible to crunch, give everything possible to your startup employer and have a pet project at the same time? If you do not care about yourself, you will end up tired and overworked. Another potential employer will interpret it as a "lack of passion". The issue is not limited to startups through. The same happen in established companies. My personal experience is that Duolingo is fun for two months maximum and then it becomes an equivalent of any other exercises sheet. Someone disagreed. No matter how high the income, you will find an obsessively frugal person given large enough group. Whether he/she will end up sleeping in car is more function of local security, available free facilities (toilette, shower) around and how much is his/her job image dependent. Of course. But, seniors also have harder time to settle on new place where they do not know anybody and do not have support network they need (e.g. people willing to help with small and big things when they need it). If you force them to move elsewhere, they are likely to end up completely isolated and it is much bigger problem for them then for younger person. Yes, but Minecraft is not a lego - you do not need to buy newer sets. You buy it once and you own infinity of it. The only reason to buy another Minecraft is when new incompatible hardware becomes the norm. The car passing and pulling to the head of the line makes more sense for motorcycles. They have faster starts then cars and are relatively more vulnerable. If they go first they do not slow starting cars down while lowering the chance of collision. The max-security ones are the ones that are biggest problem. They exacerbate mental problems the person had and often release people back into society unable to function normally. And no, not all the people who are locked there were repeatedly violent. If I recall right, education for education sake did not lowered recidivism much. It made prisoners better behaved while in prison (e.g. there was less violence and less problems in prison). I suspect that part of the problem with practical education for prisoners is that everybody else have to pay for it. So, law abiding (or not caught yet) citizens get all jealous about the perk they are not getting. First, she is an adult. It is very likely that she already did multiple foreign (most likely another EU) country trips without parents. If your adult child travelling Asia is so stressful to you, then you need to step back a bit. Second, she was supposed to be travelling. It usually means changing towns and hotels every other day. The only reasonable way to send her money is to transfer them to her usual bank account. Moreover, hotels in Asia are often cheaper if you find them in place and negotiate. You do not know the address in advance. Safety depends on where you travel to. Traveling alone in several foreign countries for more than a month is pretty normal thing to to for college aged people with enough money to pay for it. "Foreign country" is not necessary more dangerous then the country you live in. The hate weeks ago was about money, basically. Part of EULA that disallowed servers to earn money, but was often ignored. Mojang clarified that that part of EULA is indeed meant as written. People do not tend to be understanding when it comes to loosing money they wanted/expected. Moreover, I suspect that managing Minecraft is a lot about merchandize selling, cons organization, making deals with lego and everyone else who want to produce themed items and so on. Not necessary what you want to deal with if you consider yourself gamemaker or programmer. That is ridiculous. Most people are able to figure out that they are better off with money then without, even if the money are not primary motivation. There is no contradiction in it. Those servers were going against EULA whole time. And this was not one hidden sentence among twenty pages of legalese in click through license. It business license that lined up pretty clearly how you can and how you can not earn money on Minecraft. Literally nothing changed that day, neither EULA nor the way it is enforced. Mojang cared somewhat about pricing patterns. It is the same thing as lego consistently refusing adult themes. They have an idea on what the brand should be (e.g. kid friendly or not play to win) and this went against. Mojang clarifies: EULA is meant as written, nothing changes. Not even enforcement, they were not starting campaign to kill those servers. And everybody looses mind. Quoting the page you just linked: "Once sales start dying and a minimum time has passed, I will release the game source code as some kind of open source. " Sales are not dying and minimum time did not passed. It does not even look like the sales will die soon. He was thinking about releasing the game when the game is dead and abandoned by gamers. Even if you take the above as a promise, the initial condition is not met and there is no requirement on him to do anything. I played Bioshock and never read Rand's work. It never occurred to me that I should learn something about Rands philosophy form Bioshock. Or that I should take Bioshock as accurate representation of Rand's Objectivism or any other philosophical movement for that matter. I do not think the game is pretending it represents it. Crime rates are about the same. Sentences in US are way higher then elsewhere. Hungaria does not have the kind of poverty USA have. Hungaria is poorer then USA overall, but the poorest in Hungaria have it better then poorest oversees. There are many structural reasons that make it hard to "climb up" for poor which do not exist in Hungaria. The part about "relatively happy life with full of love (on a farm or in a small village)" is very out of touch with what the life of poor is. Being poor is about not being able to afford farm, healthcare and living in a bad school district. It is also about being disproportionaly targeted by law enforcement (up to asset forfeiture) and not being able to pay for lawyer or navigate the system. How much would you appreciate being arrested over loitering or similar charge that amounts to "existing and being poor"? All that creates structural barriers that block you even if you manage to overcame "cultural problem". Which in turns makes people more likely to give up and not even trying. Which in turns leads to even bigger disdain against poor and more targeting and punishment. And so on and so forth. War on drugs is nice example. If you have been caught with marijuana, you not only get conviction, you also loose the right to work in many licensed professions (such as barber), the right to government help with school tuition or living. It is punishment that matters only to poor and only makes it harder for them to put lives back together after they made mistake. Comparatively, if your poor in Hungaria have easier time to get back into normal live. Maybe, just maybe those people brought Gone Home expecting a game by the old definition and were disappointed? The condescension towards actual gamers is getting more and more irritating. It is not users fault when he does not like the product. I found user reviews more useful the professional when deciding what to buy. Professionals tend not to tell me what I need to know to decide and tend to like games I do not. Nonsense. Gone home had user score 5.4 in January[1] 5.3 in February[2] and then climbed back up to 5.4 and kept it till now. First #gamergate tweet ever happened in August 28.8.2014 [3]. So, if the gone home is target, #gamergate activity hardly budged its score. [1] http://web.archive.org/web/20140122201259/http://www.metacri... [2] http://web.archive.org/web/20140213065923/http://www.metacri... [3] http://topsy.com/analytics?q1=gamergate&via=Topsy Actual gamer is someone who plays games for pleasure e.g. the customer. I added the for pleasure so that game tester or somebody similar who do not like the games much but do it to pay food does not count as gamer. I know that some people put more limits on the definition (minimum number of hours played, type of game etc), but I did not meant to do so for the purpose of my previous comment. Real game for me would be something that requires more activity from player then just passively experiencing it. Either some skill based challenge or puzzle and possibility to fail or at least get week score. Not a game is not necessary derogatory descriptor. I love reading and watching movies, but neither are games. Comics read on phone or laptop is not a game, but you click things to turn pages and occasionally have to think to put together clues. A thing can be interactive experience (e.g. not game) or whatever and still be fine. I'm ok with the fact that there will by grey zone between games and non-games. If you say "X is somewhere between game and non-game" you still conveyed much more of useful information then as if you lump everything with pictures into large group "game". "Let's remember we are talking about a couple of talented kids from MIT, who could be building the next $1bn business instead of being bogged down by some bogus nonsense. Also, can imagine what sort of financial/emotional/time sink this represents." While I agree with your remaining points, them being talented kids from MIT should be irrelevant and so should be their business potential. These are exactly kind of things criminal law and process should be blind to. Russians care less about physical safety then West. It has nothing to do with freedom.