Users are not necessarily human - they can be search engines, API consumers, etc. What's in the annotation is configuration, not application logic. As such there's no real difference between putting configuration into YML, XML and annotation comments. In response to your 4 specific criticisms: 1. (DX regressions) - in theory yes, in practice the frameworks are good at this. The annotations compile down to PHP which you can look at directly, and you get exceptions if there is something wrong with the annotation. 2. (Decreased readability) - subjective POV. I find it easier, because the relevant configuration is next to the code to which it applies. It also prevents crufty out-of-date comments floating around. 3. (Yet another library) - Yep. No answer there. 4. (Icky feeling) - I get far more icky feelings out of seeing 30 lines of custom written 'setup code'. Annotations help to prevent that. That somebody could be you! Wherever this is likely to happen, I wouldn't use annotations. For example, I use YML for environment specific variables. But I don't need routes or fieldnames to be different only in one environment, so annotations work great there. Isn't it moo? Like the cow? Jakob Nielsen would have a field day with this. A partially-sighted TV license for a B&W TV is £25, compared to £75 for a full colour one. Ebay has quite a few B&W TVs available for £5-10. There are 360,000 people registered as partially-sighted in the UK, although around a third of those are over 75 (and so get a free license anyway). I imagine this must count for a fair proportion of those 13,000 TVs. Do you have a link for that? I've only seen them say "if you need to support IE8, you need to use jQuery 1.9". No mention of a plugin. You explaining it would be more useful than the bonus points. I had no problem just giving my email address. As amazing as Seth Godin is, blindly following (or recommending) every one of his suggestions in every situation is not a good idea, and I doubt he would say it is either. > #2 the Apple vision of the world is about consumer products (...) producer products are the future. In one sense, Apple has encourage people to be producers by making it easier to produce financially-viable software. Are you comparing Apple's vision with Microsoft's, or do you have something else in mind? I've used Axure quite a bit, since v5. There's a steep learning curve once you want to use any of those advanced features. I'm not sure how good your front-end coding knowledge is, but these days I find it's just as quick to prototype with Bootstrap. Of all the features I use regularly, the main one is a hand-drawn library which is great for showing people rough layouts without them focusing on colours and typography. From my experience of explaining APIs, most people don't understand the distinction between the web and software, let alone the difference between a web-based API and a software one. If a user knew what WebGL actually is, I would guess that they already know what an API is. It's writing on the users own wall, which they are asking it to do. Therefore it's not unsolicited. It doesn't write on other users' walls, so it's not bulk. The biggest problem with (human-written) email is that it's so poorly written. 20 action points, mixed with a bit of smalltalk, and lots of tangential information, all on a reply to a totally irrelevant email. The kind of people that send these emails either wouldn't use an 'expires' header, or would set the expires header to be '5 minutes from now'. They're the same people that have 'top priority' as the default setting on every Outlook email. However, there are ways of adding functionality to email clients without every single email client implementing it. Think YouTube previews in Gmail, and all the other custom headers on Exchange servers. Can't see the article - site is down. So what I write here is based solely on the premise of the headline and existing comments on HN. I work for a co-working space in London, which is like an open plan office taken to the extreme. Before that I worked in a variety of environments (I'm in my 30s), including public sector 'one-office-per-person' through to agency '3-people-per-desk' type situations, and working from home as a freelancer. Criticisms about working space often come down to 'the garden on the other side of the fence would be easier to work in'. If you work from home, you miss having people to have coffee with at lunch. If you work in a crowded office, you miss having 2 hours of unbroken flow. So the best offices try to combine a bit of everything - quiet space, play space, etc. Some people talk about the 'email-only' office like the Holy Grail of Offices. But it's not - it's cold, impersonal and unfriendly. It often results in unnecessary arguments resulting from people misinterpreting something. So a culture of "speak, don't write" is definitely a good thing, as long as there are some rules about when it's OK to talk to someone. The problem is whether people respect the rules. We try to follow the headphone rule - if I'm wearing headphones, don't interrupt me unless the building is about to burn down. The corollary - if I'm not wearing headphones, feel free to walk up and talk to me. So it's as much about culture as it is architecture, and that's something that often gets overlooked. Do you have access to the text? Maybe you could post it on Pastebin or something. Just read the article now. Yeah, I think the key to understand is that it's 'open-plan ONLY' offices that are the nightmare. Even in workplaces where everyone has a separate office, if the culture doesn't have a way of saying "this person is busy, don't talk to them" then it doesn't really help. I worked with a bunch of about 8 other developers in the basement, and it was fine. Some suggested rules: * Turn off ALL notification sounds. This includes vibrate functions on phones, which still makes a sound when it rattles on the desk. * No phone calls or conversations at the desk. Take it to the kitchen. * No talking, screaming, or muttering to yourself. Nobody cares about your problems, they're trying to solve their own. * If someone has headphones own, they're trying to concentrate. Send them an email saying you want to talk to them. I think you can try to improve it. However, too often people do use the environment as an excuse - "I couldn't hit the deadline because Geoff was typing too loudly". There's also an element of the cultural perceptions of offices. "Important people have their own offices. I want to be perceived as important. Therefore, I must have my own office." When I was young OSX, was so much better. It used to read my mind and produce everything I needed even before I'd thought of it. Including coffee, and sweet blueberry muffins. Without even plugging it in or turning it on. It was so much better than Windows. These days, it is merely an operating system. I may switch to Arch Linux, which I hear has a voice-activated Cappuccino machine and dry cleans shirts. I have always liked Sequel Pro. Then I started looking for an OSX Mongo client, and having seen what's on offer, I love Sequel Pro all the more. A few reasons: 1. Because about 90% of web users were on awful Microsoft browsers which was extremely slow at processing JavaScript, and made a very bad job of rendering CSS. Now, 80-90% of users are on a modern browser. 2. Google's methods of indexing and scoring content changed - it now parses JavaScript, gives value to speedy pages, is good at detecting keyword stuffing, etc. 3. Always-on internet is now pretty much a given, even on phones. 4. There are more developers, trying more things, sharing more experience. 5. Tools. In 2006, we had Drupal, Wordpress, Plone, and a few other odds and ends. These days, we have Varnish, nginx, Jekyll, CloudFront, MongoDB, etc. There are a lot more options, without having to spend a fortune or build everything yourself. First page load, definitely. Subsequent updates - depends. They do index at least some AJAX content - https://twitter.com/mattcutts/status/131425949597179904 . In the late 90s, the concept of video on the web was just starting. Problem was, the technology wasn't there - even Flash videos were a nightmare. Dial-up connections struggled to download large images, let alone videos. Hence, video startups of the 90s struggled and largely failed. But technology did change. Faster upload and download speeds, camera phones with video, consistent browser APIs that rendered video more quickly. And now YouTube worked, not because it was a new idea, but simply because the technology necessary for it to work now existed. Same could be said of static HTML. With a combination of Angular, Jekyll, S3 and websockets you can have a very quick site. This is not just a matter of fashion, but also the supporting technology. "I'm a developer. I like working from home. Therefore all companies should allow all developers to work from home." He who pays the piper, calls the tune. If you're right, and developers want and should be able to work from home, then economics suggests market rates for office-bound employees will go up, and profitability at those companies will go down. And there are wider issues here. So you allow the developers want to work from home. What about your project managers? Your admin temps? What about that lazy developer who you can't fire, but you know does nothing at home? Also, how do you still have those serendipitous chats around the kettle, in which you, the business development manager and the designer realise a huge sales opportunity? Having remote-working will make perfect for some businesses (be they startups, agencies, or huge corporates), but it never comes without cost. In some cases, those costs will make it worthwhile paying to have developers working inside the office. Yeah, this wasn't Microsoft bashing. Just pointing out that, for whatever reason, the state of browsers during that period limited what could be done with static HTML and AJAX. I'm not sure I understand your use of the terms 'original' and 'bland'. Many 'splashy and quirky' shows have totally bombed, while many cliched topics have been turned into hugely successful shows. It seems to be that you're saying "Why doesn't Netflix pick a successful show?". You might as well ask "Why doesn't Joe pick the winning lottery numbers?". I agree that House of Cards is unlikely to get the great unwashing masses desperately enabling Netflix. Perhaps because because Netflix is not just another network, it's targeting early-adopting geeks with the kind of show they tend to like. Or maybe this is just a case of 'nobody gets fired for commissioning a remake of a successful political drama'. It takes advantage of PHP 5.3 (anonymous callback functions, namespacing, etc) whereas a lot of the other PHP frameworks feel like PHP 4+. You can swap in components like Redis easily. Setting it to use mock versions of web-based APIs in the development environment. And the code just feels nice to work with. > Also "no man does evil knowingly" seems wrong - sorry, but a tiny minority of people really want to see the world burn. I think the point is that those people believe the world deserves to burn, or that by burning, it would be a better place. Hence, they are not doing evil while thinking "Ha ha ha, I'm so evil", but genuinely believe they are doing good. > Shy away from religion. Find the truth by yourself. You can't find the truth by yourself. It's just too big and complicated. Individuals believing that they have discovered some kind of truth is at the root of a lot of suffering. Going after the truth is a good thing, but you cannot and should not do it alone. I agree - it's not that they are doing good, just that they believe it. It's because of this that you can't just trust your own opinions on what's true and good. Without some kind of external moral compass, you're left with moral relativism. Interesting correlation between popularity and quality - i.e. the worst APIs are probably the most used. You shouldn't waste your life, no matter how old you are. But one person's 'wasting' is another person's 'enjoying', so articles like this don't really answer any questions. That was my interpretation. In most of IT (operating systems, software, APIs, etc) the more you use something the more you grow to hate it. My thoughts exactly. A good manager can make a difficult company bearable, and vice versa. It's open source. https://github.com/discourse/discourse Discourse implements a variety of open source tech. You may wish to familiarize yourself with the various components that Discourse is built on, in order to be an effective contributor: Languages/Frameworks Ruby on Rails - Our back end API is a Rails app. It responds to requests RESTfully and responds in JSON. Ember.js - Our front end interface is an Ember.js app that communicates with the Rails API. Databases PostgreSQL - Our main data store is Postgres. Redis - We use Redis for our job queue, rate limiting, as a cache and for transient data. Assuming, of course, that their business model predicts that over the course of those 10 years $10M extra profit will be made from having the domain milk.com. I have no idea about the milk business, especially not its promotion. But I would imagine that few people would not spend as much money on milk because this organisation does not own the domain 'milk.com'. It's more likely to be bought by a corporate wanting a pretty memorable domain. Deutsche Post was refused a UDRP request on Post.com, Interior Design Group was refused InteriorDesign.com, etc. Successful UDRP requests usually mean the current owner is using the name in bad faith. The usual explanation is if an apple orchard which has been in business for 50 years had bought the domain apple.com, then it would be considered entirely reasonable for them to keep it - even if their business was not called Apple. Whereas if an electronics form founded a few weeks tried to do the same thing, they would lose it. I'm not aware of any outrageously bad decisions in this area. It seems to be quite sensible. I agree, it's gratuitous. Anyone with a swear filter (families, corporates) can't look at the documentation, and religious organisations may feel uncomfortable. Being open source, perhaps there's a fork opportunity for 'Bootstrap without the swearing'. Ctrl + F shows two. Time to update your regex-fu, or use simpler tools. Any actual research to support that, or is it just an opinion? As I can't find any data, I've asked on programmers.stackexchange.com. http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/186407/are-th... So a hypothetical scenario: a client says to me "I've got this great idea to compete with Facebook by using red navbars instead of blue". Should I refuse the job because their idea won't work? I would clarify what I can and can't do for them: "I can build a working product that will scale to 10,000 concurrent users assuming you're prepared to pay $5K per month in hosting costs. I can't deliver millions of users, protection from patent infringements, etc." Also, if I think the idea is going nowhere, I would be careful about being paid up front. If their happy with my terms, I'm happy to receive their money. For the less technically able amongst us, how does this work? There are a few different plausible explanations for this, and there is no evidence for or against any of them. Amazing demos. Are there any real-world applications using something like this? Could this be connected with gun control? i.e. trying to influence the market in some way to make gun ownership less more difficult or less attractive. Random idea, probably stupid. Totally agree. His ego is orbiting way out there right now, and I can't see him sitting down to concentrate writing a history paper. Can you give specific examples of what is broken and how you would fix it? While this is true of bank, ecommerce, news, etc, sites, it doesn't apply when the author is just sharing something he's playing around with. My Dad grew up in the 1960s and he thinks the 60s were the best decade ever. My Nan thinks that everything went wrong after the 1930s. UK citizens pay for a TV license which gives them access to BBC broadcasts - through IPlayer, freeview TV, radio, and websites. The BBC is also able to sell DVDs of their programs in the UK, and internationally (through BBC World). In theory , DRM would prevent people selling bootlegged copies that would severely impact this revenue stream. Webkit ≠ Chrome. I think it's important that web developers do all they can to stop that idea becoming widespread, before people think all other browsers are just a knocked off version of Chrome. At a conservative average of $40K pa per employee, that's an annual staff bill of around $35M annually. The Firefox-Google deal is worth $300M annually, and their user base is 15x larger. Add in other costs, and it's not hard to see that either they've got a huge source of other income or they are hemorrhaging cash. It was very conservative (although I guess not all Opera employees are senior engineers). I was trying to make the point that there's no way Opera can be profitable from just selling search engine traffic. The open accounts show that they spent around $25M on salaries in Q4 of last year. Do you have stats to back that up? Recent surveys say that people are more likely to describe their phone as 'Samsung' than Android. http://news.techeye.net/mobile/samsung-galaxy-brand-trumps-a... Anecdotally, I would agree that the kind of people who know what Android is are the kind of people that know what iOS is - i.e. gadget-lovers. There's also the Amazon App Store for Android. People I know with Kindle Fires just talking about 'downloading apps from Amazon'. I don't think they know what Android is. Seems like it, though that could come in handy. By the time you've paid for the server, the time to write the wrapper, and the cost of maintaining it, $10 per month is actually pretty good if screengrabs are an inconsequential part of your UI. > Cannot decide which is a worse language, Javascript or PHP. If you discovered that the answer was one or the other, would it make you a better developer in any way? Would it help solve any problems the world has? Perhaps you should look more into why the "Gresham's Law of Programming Languages" exists. Maybe the have better documentation, a more friendly user community. Maybe they fix more real-world problems and spend less time mentally masturbating over programmer porn. Exactly what I found. I tried reading Les Miserables using a speedreading app (Fastr) and while I was reading more quickly, it left me wondering what the point of reading it was at all. When I read it in a normal app (Kindle), I appreciated the beauty of the language, the depth of the characters, and the intricate storyline so much more. For business stuff, a similar problem occurred - I missed out on key points in emails, and was less creative in solutions. I'm not saying that this applies to everyone, but for me, reading slowly is more efficient. The key is reading the right stuff more slowly, and not reading the wrong stuff at all. Studies have suggested that some do, some don't. The more deaf you are, the less likely you are to subvocalise. Totally not an expert in this area, but I think everybody associates more than just the sound of the word - movement of lips, memories, and other senses are also involved. Deaf people can obviously acquire those 'subvocalisations' instead. http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=8PhwXf9uj1IC&pg=PA114... From the article to which you linked: > But wait: Oxford Dictionaries online, while giving a similar definition – "a figurative or metaphorical use of a word or expression" – adds a second: "a significant or recurrent theme; a motif: she uses the Eucharist as a pictorial trope". Yep, post could be summarised as: "I currently don't want one. Therefore, nobody will ever want one. Anybody that says they do want one is a fanboy." The OP mentions that it doesn't go to spam, it's deleted entirely and unretreivably. It should also be possible to turn it off. It's the Innovator's Dilemma. For the owners and shareholders of TV networks, solutions tend to fall in one of two mutally exclusive groups: Option #1: Take advantage of all these people who say they'll pay. In the short term, you'll probably lose a lot of money as you cannibalise your existing business model. But it does give you a moderate chance of long term survival. Option #2: Keep the status quo. In the short term, you'll continue to be mildly profitable, though your long term survival is unlikely. Since markets reward short-term behaviour, the first option is career suicide for any CEO. While the second won't mark them out as a visionary, it will guarantee them a large salary. What would you choose? It is always about money. Currently, TV Company X makes a bunch of shows and airs them in the US. Some of them make huge amounts of money, some fail miserably, most are somewhere inbetween. You make money in the US either by selling your content to networks, or putting it on your own network. The networks make money out of selling subscriptions (B2C) and advertising (B2B). Internationally, you sell your content to networks in other countries. These will be whole bundles of content - let's say 5 shows, each with 3 series. This is a purely B2B business model, with guaranteed future income. Once the local networks have licensed the content from the producer, they promote it and sell their own advertising and subscriptions. It seems that you're suggesting they replace that international model with one where they sell content online direct to consumers. The producer now has to take over all the marketing of the show, and sell its own advertising. They will also come up against local competition who are now making their own shows. And they've got to build websites with payment systems, and offer customer service. Oh, and deal with local regulators. It will take a very long time to set up that new business model, and while they're doing it, they've lost all the guaranteed income of just licensing it to local networks. Their share price tanks as a result, and they have to deal with Carl Icahn launching a takeover bid. Then there's the evidence that the number of people who will pay to consume large amounts of content online, while still accepting advertising, is still relatively small internationally, because not everyone has the technical capability or inclination to do it. That is why it loses a huge amount of money in the short term. TV producers can't say 'iTunes or whatever'. They have to hire departments of people to build cashflow forecasts and business models that they can justify to shareholders. And if the CEO of TV Company X turns out to be wrong, they've lost their job with the $10M per year salary. In the long run, it probably will be the case that TV will be distributed like you say - aired through the internet, pay-to-play. But if it's not happening quickly enough for you, then just download the torrents. It's more profitable for TV Network X to ignore the money you're offering than to change their entire business model so they can accept them. Do Netflix or Apple license the content, or just offer some kind of revenue share with the publisher? In the music industry it's the latter. That model has been a disaster (for music companies) as they take all the risk for the failures, while Apple gets a relatively large proportion of revenue from the winners. This. We all mess up, but only the best ones will deal with it professionally and learn from it. Sounds like the OP is in that group. He didn't try to hide it, blame it on anyone else, or make excuses. He just did what he could to fix his mistake. When people say "making mistakes is unacceptable - imagine if doctors made mistakes" they ignore three facts: 1. Doctors do make mistakes. Lots of them. All the time. 2. Even an average doctor is paid an awful lot more than me. 3. Doctors have other people analysing where things can go wrong, and recommending fixes. If you want fewer development mistakes, as a company you have to accept it will cost money and take more time. It's for a manager to decide where the optimal tradeoff exists. In HTML5, it's fine to have multiple `h1` tags on the page, though you can only have 1 in each `section`. Even then, it's fine as long as you're structuring your page sensibly. For example, on a blog index where each blog post is in a section, it's fine for each blog title to be a h1. Matt Cutts talking about this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=G... ! Hmmm, interesting. So that's going in the other direction to the HTML5 spec, in which you considered a header in relation to the section it's contained in, without worrying about the section's relation to the whole document. It was the browser's job to do the latter. I will keep an eye on this. Thanks for the pointer. Thanks for that. I had assumed the header structures was one of the more stable parts of the spec! Perhaps the title should be 'A simple animation to show novices how the internet works'. It's a great place to start that explanation. Yep, YAGNI is a great rule of thumb, but there are cases where you know that you ARE going to need it. The marketing manager who says today "I just want a blog" IS going to come back next week and say "I want to a white paper on the blog, for which people have to register, and then it automatically subscribes them to a newsletter". After enough feature requests, you've built yourself a crap framework anyway. At least, by starting with a decent framework, the foundation of your code is solid. Actually, for some people, spending time looking around for a new service, deciding which service to use, learning to use that new service, configuring it for whatever you need, etc, is a LOT of work. If your whole business is pointing to eBay, or all your friends and photos are currently on Facebook, you've got to tell everyone that you've just changed URL. There's a lot of cost in changing. Sometimes the cost of staying with a service outweighs the cost of changing. You shouldn't assume otherwise. My Nan has never changed her gas or electric provider in the UK ever since energy utilities were privatised 20 years ago. Sure, she's probably wasted thousands of pounds and she knows that, but she's happy. Meanwhile, we've changed provider about 10 times - and I honestly can't say that the savings have brought extra happiness. > 30 pages is enough. By this definition, you could end up filling your life with airport thrillers. War and Peace has barely introduced a character by page 30, let alone got you hooked. It's a problem with 21st Century "instant gratification" culture. Like so much of life, many of the most rewarding books require effort to enjoy them, and get anything from them. By requiring the author to do all the work, you're merely consuming culture. Becoming a culture-producer requires you to invest yourself in it, to think about it and respond to it. You cannot do that based on the first 30 pages alone. If you do, Dan Brown is probably the best author you'll ever read. To use your analogy of falling in love, the first 30 pages are like the first date. They can be beautiful, funny, and interesting, but after a while it can turn out that it was just a combination of good lighting, alcohol, and some overheard jokes. If you get on, then it's mostly lust at this stage anyway. It takes a lot more time together to know whether you're actually in love. And if you don't click, maybe there's no point in meeting up again. But you have to question whether it's you or them. What are you looking for in a partner? Someone deep and meaningful with whom you can spend a lifetime, or a superficial one-night stand that you forget after a few days. I do totally agree. The characters are some of the most beautiful ever written, and I spent days and days in a hammock unable to tear myself away from it. But if I judged the book after just 30 pages, I probably would have said that it was dry and boring with too many characters, and too little happening. To stretch this analogy beyond breaking point, of course you want some initial chemistry, but you need to ask what you're bringing to this relationship / reading. Imagine you're friends hook you up on a blind date with someone described as "charismatic, supermodel looks, professorial brains". And you turn up, thinking "OK, Blind Date you have 30 minutes to impress me, or I'm outta here." That's what it's like picking up Tolstoy or Hugo and saying "if I'm not hooked after 30 pages, I'm just going to quit reading". You need to bring something to the reading. Just as you expect Tolstoy to be interesting, so he expects you to be rather knowledgable about 19th Century European history, Christian philosophy, farming practices amongst serfs in Tsarist Russia. You can still fall in love with War and Peace without that knowledge (as I did), but it will take more effort from you and thus might take more than 30 pages. And Tolstoy expects you to make, and to want to make, the effort to think about what he's writing. Dan Brown expects you to be time-pressed or naive - either unable or unwilling to challenge even his most basic assertions about history. So he writes for his audience, as Tolstoy writes for his. Tolstoy's motivations were closer to evangelism and pushing a political agenda. Dan Brown's are more about becoming rich. And if all you are thinking while reading the book is "what am I getting from this?" then you're never going to enjoy it as you otherwise might. I read Crime and Punishment because I picked up quickly as I left the house for the airport. Stuck on a plane with nothing else to do, I slogged through the opening section, trying to cope with weird names and an alien culture. But that book, caused me to get into lots of other Russian literature, become Christian, and ultimately inspired some of the conversations that lead me to marrying my wife. I doubt anyone can say that about a Stig Larsson or James Patterson pageturner. I work at Campus in London, which is owned by Google so there are quite a few Google folks around. I'll see what I can do. @fabpot How can I contact you? I'm @blowski on Twitter. There is a Symfony2 proposal on Area51. But I agree with the discussion at http://area51.stackexchange.com/proposals/36634/symfony-2 - StackOverflow itself is perfectly adequate, and having two separate subsites would be unnecessarily confusing. Yep. We naturally get cancer, but it doesn't mean life would be worse if we were able to prevent it. The way some people seem to see this is "Google contributes merely £6 million to the UK economy", which is obviously not true. Like individuals, corporations want to pay the least possible tax. If they're paying the legal minimum, what's the problem? If the British people want them to pay more tax, then elect a government which would change the tax law. At the moment, we're electing a government which hisses at corporations to make good headlines. Do you have any data on how much is 'non-trivial'? (Not disbelieving you, I'm wondering whether it's trivial for my use case.) It's not responsive - it shows exactly the same UI to whichever agent is viewing it. It is fluid width, since the maximum line-length is the width of the window. You can have a responsive non-fluid layout by having fixed width layouts with multiple break points. That ship has long sailed. Saying people are abusing DNS by using a country level domain is like saying people are abusing the word 'awful' when they use it to mean 'bad'. People _are_ using TLDs in this way, and the relevant countries, registrars, and ICANN seem happy to let them. It has no impact on the internet, other than freeing up a whole bunch of domain names, thereby lowering the price for everybody. [responding to your edit] ...If you think things shouldn't be hacked, then maybe "Hacker News" is not the site for you? Everything is a "hack" on something else. When we invented the wheel, we noticed that round things were easier to move than square things. When we invented fire, we noticed that rubbing two sticks together produced something that kept you warm. It's evolution. The alternative is to stay with what we've got today, just because. If they were suing Google or anything like that, you'd be right. But they're not. They're just saying "Google, your index would be more accurate if you made this change". They have figured out a limitation, think it's unnecessary, and are suggesting a way of making the system better. They're using the blog post to encourage others to support the suggestion. Actually, .gb exists as well, but the subdomain is dra.hmg.gb. .uk was created before the standard was agreed, and the UK was allowed to keep using it. Agreed. The LAMP stack did not become ubiquitous because it had a cool name, but because it was cheap and easy to build on. The name 'LAMP' was just a 'backronym' for what was already very common. Trying to repeat the trick by coming up with another cool acronym is not a good idea. The problem with the LAMP stack is the idea that one stack is suitable for just about any purpose. So you get developers trying to build hugely complicated algorithms with 'if' and 'for' loops in PHP and turning MySQL into an object store with ORM. Better to use the right tool for the job, rather than the one all the cool kids are using today, or the one with the best sounding name. Why should public services be ugly? Making the website more appealing for non-geeks results in more non-geeks using the website. The website is a more cost-efficient way of servicing non-geek citizens. So spending money on good design can definitely be worth it. Assuming every penny spent on aesthetics is a penny wasted is a developer fallacy. A lot of the time the design probably was sketched out in the 90s, and it's taken until this year to reach the development phase. I tried switching to Dvorak, and encountered exactly those problems. Perhaps if every keyboard instantly switched to Dvorak layout the moment I touched it, then it might have been worth it. Having to think about which keyboard layout I was using added more time and stress than was ever going to be repaid by the supposed benefits of using Dvorak. I gave up after about 3 months, reverting purely to using Qwerty. I have no evidence to back this up, but I suspect more and more developers are moving to Symfony2 due to the glacial pace of Yii development. Yii v1.1 was released in January 2010. In the following 3.5 years, there have been many changes in the world of web development - namespacing and traits in PHP, AWS-style hosting going mainstream, JavaScript MVC frameworks - and Yii neither takes advantage of them, nor makes it easy for you to take advantage of them. It's a shame, but unless they have some revolutionary idea, Yii is probably dead in the water. Not any more - working fine for me. Churnalism, of the usual quality from Daily Mail. The photos are from a book published in 2005. http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=5005952 If it's anything like Deception Point, I'll be staying well clear of it. Typically, stories in that genre use compsci-babble as smoke and mirrors to cover up the lack of storyline. You're right, the post is essentially meaningless. If it's secure why doesn't MI5, CIA, and banks use it as their CMS? Oh because it's not that secure. In addition to your questions, I would ask * What types of attack is it secure against? * How much work is involved in doing all the ongoing maintenance? * The risk tends to come from plugins, but those plugins are one of the main selling points of Wordpress. To what extent does this lessen Wordpress's value proposition? * If you do ever get hacked, what kind of auditing is there? What help does it provide for damage limitation? The OP is an overly-simplified response to typical boilerplate comments - [insert language or framework] is [fast/slow/secure/insecure]. Of course Wordpress is secure enough for the average professional site as long as it's maintained, but the OP sounds like a car salesman saying "Sure it's _real_ fast" without telling you the actual speed. The point is that secure is not an absolute, but a relative value. There will be many Fortune50 projects where Wordpress will be plenty secure enough. There isn't "one design to rule them all". There are designs that fit the objectives of the business. The objectives of most magazines is to sell as much advertising as possible, typically through CPM. I'm not a designer, but I'm guessing it would be hard to design a print or web magazine that featured loads of advertising and still looked minimalist. The ads are screaming for attention, so the content has to scream for attention alongside them. Magazines which don't tend to make most of their revenue from CPM advertising have more layout flexibility. The Economist comes to mind. I've had that. Some one-person marketing agency who wants a Wordpress installation, and you have to sign an NDA because they're going to 'revolutionise the industry'. Any scheme at all is always going to be vulnerable to false negatives. There are companies that have multiple-stage recruitment, with skill tests, psychometric tests, multi-person interviews, background checking - and still end up with a few duds. But if you can use a bunch of proxies (like StackOverflow, GitHub, and LinkedIn), and know the value of each of those proxies, then you can more efficiently match a person with a role. Sure, there'll be lots of mistakes, but it's hard to see a better alternative. > I teach my kids that they can learn anything they are interested in. I'm sure you have some caveats to that - like learning to read, and doing basic arithmetic. And that's the issue here. It's the 'curse of knowledge' again. For anybody that doesn't already know how, "learning to program" mostly means learning a bit more about how computers work. And universal computer literacy would be a great thing , much as universal literacy has been. I'm guessing that some people thought "if everybody can read and write, then we'll all become educated and be able to write great novels". Unsurprisingly, that didn't happen, but other huge benefits were accrued. People could go to the library and check whether that thing they were told was actually true. They had a cheap and simple means of permanently storing and retrieving information. Health, legal, and financial advice can be distributed much more widely. So I totally agree with you that "everybody should learn to program" sounds very similar to "everybody can write a novel". It's wrong. But "everybody should be computer literate" is a very worthwhile cause. What's included in basic computer literacy? Things that help people make better decisions every day of their lives. I know people that waste money, or put themselves into very difficult situations, through not understanding some of the following: * An understanding of what happens when you turn a computer on or off. What's the difference between Office and Windows, and between OSX and Windows? Between iOS and an iPhone? I know people that have upgraded their 1-year-old computer, because they wanted the latest version of Windows. * Basic security. Why is leaving a list of plain text passwords on your desktop (or even worse, on a Facebook note) a bad idea? Why should you avoid installing that funny game that comes with a cute emoticon toolbar? * Difference between a markup language, a programming language, and a database. How do these systems communicate with each other? You've probably heard of people hiring a £1,000 per day IT consultant to make something bold on their homepage. Similar point about email, internet, web, and browsers. You could probably throw in the difference between being able to install Wordpress, and code a CMS from scratch here too, so that people don't pay £2K for a vanilla install. It's fine to say "ask somebody who does know" but when you're totally clueless, it's difficult to know what questions to ask which person. Personally, I think that any computer education (well any education generally) is worthwhile, but universal concepts with practical application are the most important. There are certain concepts that all advanced users of computers know, but about which there is a damaging lack of understanding amongst beginners. As an example, a basic understanding of HTTP (not necessarily calling it that) would save people lots of money on their phone bill. I know plenty of people who see "1GB download limit" on their mobile contract and think that's fine "because they never download on their phone". When you explain that downloading includes refreshing their Facebook app, checking football scores, etc, they don't understand. Nor do they understand why they always go over the download limit. So knowing what it means when you say 'download' is a universal benefit. If you're using a computer of some description in the 21st century, downloading something will be unavoidable. Conversely, you can get by on a computer without ever using Excel or any kind of spreadsheet application. So while it would be tremendously useful to a very large number of people, it's not a fundamental in the same way as knowing the difference between a file and an application. I think the point the OP is making is not that you should learn programming so that you can tell programmers what to do, but that you cannot even be in the meeting if you don't understand how a program works. So in terms of your analogy, if building the bird feeder was necessary for you to understand the difference between a nail and a plank so that you could at least have a conversation with the builders, then it was a very good idea. In my opinion, the OP misunderstood the article to which it was responding. From the original, original article: > What we nonexperts do possess is the ability to know enough about how these information systems work that we can be useful discussing them with others. He's not arguing that we should all become programmers to increase the number of programmers. Instead, he's saying that you cannot be effective in any role in the agency if you're not computer literate. I'm inclined to agree. It doesn't seem very mysterious. I guess the UI requires that something is in that box, and to satisfy the edge cases where the user doesn't follow anyone, they fill it with other criteria, and use the 'followed' label a bit loosely. Could the title here be changed to something a bit more informative? Why are people surprised when founders close down a product in a way that maximises their revenue? To play on a quote, "cheap, features and stability - pick any two". I don't like all the suspiciously positive comments by new users appearing on this thread. @Mehul981, are you affiliated with askabt by any chance? The idea is good, but I can't see why I would switch to this from Q.js. The latter is: * pretty lightweight (9.8KB) * well-supported, with very active development (10 commits in the last month) * good documentation You need to explain the benefits of .andthen() in comparison to Q.js, because at the moment it just looks like another promises JS framework. Maybe I'm just cynical then, but I take "please use this great app" in much the same way as "please donate cash". I just assume that anything that hasn't been round for at least a few years is probably unstable in more ways than one. My solution is not to depend on proprietary software for anything absolutely critical in my life. > When I look at Ruby, I see C++11 in different clothes. Twenty years of cruft, and still adding features that nobody needs. A new language is a fresh start. That's not necessarily a good thing. Those '20 years of cruft' represent battle-hardened code. Those features have been requested - maybe not by you, but communities the size of Ruby, PHP, Python don't do these things on a whim. You assume that because...? If rumour is to believed, Google and Facebook have both looked into this and couldn't make the model work. The existing carriers and retailers are not interested because it threatens their existing revenue streams, creating huge barriers to entry. And perhaps demand is not as high as you think. I don't have a 'main' browser. I use Firefox as my development browser, Chrome for office apps, and Safari for general reading. It's not paranoia, it just lets me keep things separate in a very easy way. Another good reason for odd connections is that it's easier to guide people on common routes. For example, around Bank and Monument, it's often quicker to walk above ground - but only if you already know the route. If you're a tourist, you're herded underground with very clear signs. It's like progressive disclosure in software. By requiring some level of expertise even to see the options, you help to ensure that novices can't accidentally break things (in theory, at least). Imagine what would happen if TfL did this explicitly with signs saying: They're making the decision for you, assuming that if you're not sure, then you need the easy route. Other examples of this in the physical world: * The 'Black diamond' lane in airports (especially when they weren't advertised) * Special unadvertised rates in hotels * Theme parks with tickets for bypassing queues, though when these are advertised, they're more like price discrimination than progressive disclosure. This is what I do. I'm 'blowski' on here, Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, email, etc. It's a handle which stuck years ago. So although it's not my real name, it's pretty easy to identify me by it. My profile page also lists my real name and job. There was a play on Radio 4 a while back, where a guy orders a sandwich but it never arrives. Deciding that leaving would mean wasting the hour he's already waited, he stays in the cafe for years, waiting for the sandwich to arrive. Read 'Eric Ries - The Lean Startup'. Your time at this startup is not necessarily wasted, if you've learnt stuff, networked, and somehow helped you get your next job. Actually, I'm quite happy to see 'shitty grocery apps' outsourcing authentication, since it means they don't have a database full of plaintext passwords. It should be noted that MailChimp is huge. I have no figures, but I'm guessing they have millions of users. This means that problems that affect 0.1% of their userbase still represent a nominally large number of users. They don't have problems like user acquisition and brand recognition. For me, adding 'signup with Facebook' has increased the number of registrations. I'll worry about the effect on failed logins when it proves to be a problem. Should you prefer UX over security? Having your customer database stolen seems like the worst possible user experience. I realise that we're saying pretty much the same thing, but the design process should be like this: 1. Make the application secure enough so that the cost to a malicious user of cracking the security is greater than the potential value of doing so. 2. Given the constraints of #1, provide the best possible user experience. Makes sense from Google's POV. Separating 'Gmail the email client' from 'Gmail the IMAP/POP/SMTP server', the latter requires a lot of investment with not much return. It seems that most of the value to Google comes from you using their client, since they can: * show more contextual advertising * track you as you travel around the web (since you're more likely to be logged in) * use other Google services - especially Google+ So by adding proprietary features that only mean anything when viewed within Gmail itself, it's a big win for them. Also, once people become used to the microdata, they can gradually reuse it in other Google services. For example - complete a Google form straight from an email, that then does something special on an App Engine product. > I like MDD, money driven development. Good line. A lot of people will shoot back with "in the long run, it will cost you more" but the point is - a startup doesn't even know if there is a long run. Yeah, I really wasn't sure what it was about, what I was being asked to do, etc. Is it supposed to be GetSatisfaction meets Hacker News? Because Flickr TOS say you can't have a business account. http://www.flickr.com/help/forum/en-us/72157626812125880/ I've seen nothing that says that's changed. I just feel safer using Dropbox or Glacier. Flickr seems more like a social network, specialising in photos, and I wouldn't feel comfortable about using a service like that as a backup. As a business, the TOS are just not clear enough about what I can and can't store. If you're using this page to get hired, be warned that while this will impress future colleagues, actual hiring managers may get confused, or just not bother. So make it much more obvious where to download your CV . Of course, if you just want the karma points, then it's all good. Totally agree with you. But you want to follow up "Look what I can do..." with "...and here's how to hire me". I worked in a lead-generation agency for some time. We were doing competitions that could produce 50-100K entries per day, where the end result was a marketing email encouraging you to buy something. So we did lots of multivariate testing, with permutations of regex patterns, MX record validation, sending a confirmation email, client-side only, server-side only, etc. What we found was that a decent regex pattern (we used \b[A-Z0-9._%+-]+@[A-Z0-9.-]+\.[A-Z]{2,4}\b, taken from http://www.regular-expressions.info/email.html ), with MX record validation and common junk domains blocked (e.g. mailinator.com) produced the largest conversion rates in the follow-up email. In other words, less validation produced more entries, but they would have been lower quality, which affected our sender reputation and cost more. The confirmation email was awful for conversion. YMMV. Exactly. Your biggest challenge today is getting some users. Build a product that allows you to do that, and then worry about whether it scales. Let's say your automating squirrel cloning. The quickest anyone can do this at the moment is 24 hours. Your solution takes 12 hours using SquirrelClonr. Somebody in the pub reckons he could produce a Squirrel Clone-o-matic which does it in 1 hour, but it would take 6 months to build. Do you launch today with SquirrelClonr, or delay launch by 6 months to switch to the Squirrel Clone-o-matic? Since it's possible to increase the speed by 12 times, surely you should switch to the Clone-o-matic, right? It depends on your customers. If you can be profitable by selling squirrels cloned in 12 hours, why wait when waiting could allow a competitor to monopolise the squirrel-cloning market. Plus, if you find out that nobody wants cloned squirrels, however long they take to produce, you've saved six months. So premature optimisation (in this sense) means "thinking about performance of what you're trying to build before you've even established whether or not you should be building it". If you have no customers, it doesn't matter how quickly your code runs. > Your argument is like saying you're going to build a house but don't know if anyone will want to live in it The first houses in a complex are usually sold before being built, on the basis of a prototype - be it blueprints, 3D walkthrough, or a show-home. If they can't sell those houses, they don't build the rest. It's the cheapest way of establishing whether there's a market for the properties they intend to sell, and it's much cheaper than finding out there's no market having built 50 of them. > "today's code become's tomorrow's legacy code" Worry about it tomorrow. It's a nice problem to have as it means you're still in business. Most businesses started today won't be. Until you've established that your product is going to have customers, the performance is irrelevant. My favourite example is the fake 'Buy now' button. You don't need to build the payment process until you know people want to pay, and you definitely don't need to worry about how quickly it runs. If people want it, they'll pay even if it's slow. If people don't want it, why are you building it? Nobody buys a product just because it's quick (unless performance is the central feature.) Looks lovely, but I feel uncomfortable weakening my security just for a bit of sugar. I use ihackernews.com/ for reading on mobile, and log in at news.ycombinator.com itself for posting or upvoting. It takes longer, but I feel safer. Possible attack vector here? Developer is malicious (or their machine is compromised), plugin is updated to include naughty JavaScript on Hacker News. Or already does something malicious. Running any executable code on my machine is a risk, and should involve a cost-benefit analysis. In this case? Benefit - makes Hacker News look a bit nicer. Cost - I have no idea, without spending a time looking at the source code and Chrome's security policy. So my analysis makes me think it's just not worth installing. To use your analogy, is it better to have a car with no brakes now, or to save up for another year to buy a car with brakes? The problem with the analogy is that it's _obvious_ that you should save up another year because of the danger. But in startup-world, it's not obvious at all. To really abuse your analogy, if you're being chased by wild hungry bears, you don't care whether the car has brakes. I don't have a problem with this. In effect, those too disorganised or lazy to cancel are subsidising everyone else. Like gym memberships. The alternative is that paying customers subsidise freeloaders who sign up for multiple free accounts. Requiring a valid card number makes this much harder. This argument is very similar to that about the 'value' of modern art. We traditionally place all the value on the amount of effort that goes directly into producing the item, and discount any of the other effort involved in making it a success. Perhaps the cliche `success = perspiration + inspiration` needs to be updated to include `marketing`. Yeah, I wasn't happy with my choice of word, but couldn't think of anything else. I guess the key point is that if you pour 100% of your effort directly into development of the product then there's a good chance you'll fail. I don't think it's limited to new graphic designs. Any kind of change at all is met with instinctive vitriol. If posts looked more like "These bits are good. These bits need work. These bits should be scrapped entirely." then it would be easier to call them constructive. As it is, they just seem uncompromisingly conservative and pointless. As an example, amongst the buttons on our old microwave: * a picture of a whole chicken * one ice cube * two ice cubes * something that might have been a burger or a slice of bread * 3 x straight lines * 3 x wavy lines Never being sure, I ignored all of those buttons. But even the basic 'set a time, a power and go' method was awful. * Choose a power. There was no default. You had to do this before you'd set the time, or the time would reset back to 0. * Turn a wheel which increases the time. The first two minutes increment 1 second. After that they increment in 10 seconds. So to get to 5 minutes, you had to spend ages turning it. * Press 'Go'. Next to the 'Go' button there was a 'Cook' button, which reset everything. There was a defrost mode, which seemed to heat the contents for 2 minutes and 10 seconds (couldn't change the time). The results were identical to just heating it on full power. ...which cooks up some real Mega-Bites. Yes! It sounds like we did have the same microwave - mine did the constant beeping thing as well. As you say, microwaves are sold on the number of features they offer. I guess every 'program' is an extra feature (even though it's just a preset time and power). And if you have enough programs, then nobody will need the manual controls, so they don't need to be easy to use. At least, that's how the mind of microwave designers seems to work. In reality, most food that you want to microwave has precise instructions on it, so I really only need quick and easy to use manual controls. Some ideas for my ideal microwave (should any manufacturers be reading): * Small camera with OCR that can read the instructions and program accordingly * Thermometer which checks whether the food is ready. * A way of mixing the food, instead of relying on me to stop it halfway through and do it manually. * Cover which goes over the food automatically, so I don't realise I forgot only when there's a load of food baked onto the top. * Something which cooks the food without heating the container to an untouchable heat. With digital you can heat for a specific time and power, so it's replicable. This is great when, say, heating milk for a baby or water for Aeropress. There's a big difference between 30 seconds and 50 seconds at 800W. Points 1-20 are either aphoristic, or sound true but don't work out in practice. A lot of the points after that are more interesting. e.g. > Earn the right to address people by their first name. First names are powerful and should be used carefully; build rapport before auto-programming them into a mass email. And yet most data show that including 'Dear Firstname' at the top of a newsletter increases open rates and clickthrough rates. Continuously. > #4. Predictability kills. Typically, the benefit of email marketing comes from predictability. Sending an email every Thursday at 4pm builds confidence in your ability to deliver. It strengthens branding, and when somebody is ready to convert, your name will be top of mind. Even so, this seems like outrage for the sake of outrage. Did the users suffer any kind of harm whatsoever? It's like being focused on at a football match. They didn't 'endorse' the match or the broadcaster, and it seems like most people love their 5 seconds of fame. Barista Bar is fake so they're not endorsing anything really. I agree that it's a mistake on Twitter's part, but it doesn't seem malicious or serious. Public accounts and photos have got a bit more publicity than they expected. Most of our Tweets come from events where users are on iPhone or Android, so access to Echelon through a mobile app is essential. HootSuite offers this already, and it's only a little bit more expensive than Echelon, so why should we switch? Genuine question as HootSuite has its own problems so I'm always looking for alternatives. And if stuff doesn't get written in Go, then people will criticise Go for not having anything in production. The internet is not going to run out of space through people writing too much software. Some of the valuations raise a bit of an eyebrow - e.g. BatteryHD valued at nearly $41M. * In the case of apps that are native versions of web services (e.g. Flickr, Twitter) it's impossible to separate the value of the app from the service, so is your valuation of the whole service? * How do you factor in possible future growth, based on potential size of market, current market saturation, and possible revenue streams? It seems like they would be very difficult to automate. So the valuation of the app-maker is probably more interesting than the value of the app itself. A company that has made one very successful app is more likely to make other successful apps, because of branding and experience. Better to use a service that explicitly says this, rather than burying it on p47 in obscure legalese. If you want more privacy, use a different service. Once the article is created, it can appear in Google. Once it's in Google, it's more likely to have visitors and some of them might improve the article. I have no idea whether this was the rationale or even whether it's a good idea, but there might be more to their strategy than article count. Interesting that I have almost the opposite experience. My previous manager thought bigger buttons made the system look like it was 'designed for idiots', so smaller buttons made users feel clever and advanced. Given that most of these are listed on the homepage for the editor, this doesn't seem like a very interesting article. > The cockpit of the future will contain a pilot and a dog. > The pilot is there to feed the dog. > The dog is there to bite the pilot if he tries to touch anything. Not sure who originally said it. Oh yes, found it now you said that. Author was Warren G. Bennis. This is really a shame, as I loved the Tab product. To take my money, the staff in the Campus cafe _had_ to know my name, which got us engaged in conversation. I guess this is one of the qualitative benefits to which the post refers. I would love to see something like Tab work across multiple shops. In my home town, it would be great to have something like a Tab account which works in the butchers, the bakers, the grocers, etc. Anyway, thanks to the Tab team and good luck with whatever you do in the future. Thanks for the post. It would seem that Facebook has been able to scale. Perhaps this line of code worked for them in 2007, and they changed it only when it started to be a problem. > he was sure users preferred new features to bug fixes for old ones He's probably right (if you think of users as being the person who approves the payment). I can't imagine the CFO at a Fortune 500 company approving a few million dollars to be spent on bug fixes. The obvious question would be "why did we pay for defective software in the first place?". So perhaps one side effect of the subscription model will be less buggy software, since the business model relies more on keeping users than getting them to upgrade. An interesting read whenever the topic of keyboard layouts comes up: http://reason.com/archives/1996/06/01/typing-errors Summary of that article: The 'QWERTY was developed to slow down the typist' story is a lie. There is no serious evidence that Dvorak is a 'better' layout. If you were starting from scratch, there would probably be no advantage choosing one over the other, except that QWERTY is the standard. Retraining is a waste of time. One of the key quotes: > The study design directly paralleled the decision that a real firm or a real government agency might face: Is it worthwhile to retrain its present typists? If Strong's study is correct, it is not efficient for current typists to switch to Dvorak. The study also implied that the eventual typing speed would be greater with QWERTY than with Dvorak, although this conclusion was not emphasized. I have no reason to believe that the Workman layout offers any other advantages. Yes, I tried, and I switched back for the same reason as you. The amount of time I spent trying to work out whether I was on QWERTY or Dvorak, and in that case where was the full stop, far outweighed any possible benefit in typing speed. When people tell me that QWERTY is uncomfortable, slow, etc, I honestly have no idea what they're talking about. For me, the problem is sitting in a chair staring at a screen all day. "The plural of anecdote is not evidence." Without seeing some kind of properly conducted scientific test that examines a range of conditions (age, native language, current typing ability on QWERTY, typical typing material, etc) it doesn't seem worth the effort. If Dvorak (or Workman) is that much better, then it's surprising nobody has been able to conduct such a study. Laying in bed all day listening to the radio gives less 'finger distance travelled' but doesn't mean greater productivity. I'm being facetious to point out that 'finger distance travelled' is not a meaningful measurement (at least not to me). Sure, it's limited to the projects that don't need non-ASCII characters. If you need non-ASCII characters, you can pay the designer to make them. Well you're honest with yourself, and it seems like you know what the answer is. It's great that you're following a 'marriage-driven development' methodology, so pick a language and stick with it, be it PHP, Python or Ruby. None of them is universally better than the others. Most languages are better at solving specific types of problem. Choose what types of problem you most enjoy working on, and pick the language that suits those problems. I have no idea why Do is closing down, but I'm guessing it has something to do with lack of ROI. Hence, Salesforce has a fiduciary duty to do so. This repeated criticism on HN of any company choosing to close down a service is bizarre. Why should I switch from PHP, a mature and stable language with an enormous support base, many libraries and an obvious career path? I need a more compelling reason than "it fixes PHP's idiosyncracies", most of which I have come to understand. I agree. I was more balking at the title ('replacement for PHP') than the page itself. I could have said "come to live with" instead. It works, it let's me do my job. PHP provides me with a good living (I primarily build boring CRUD apps, also using Python and Ruby). I think part of PHP's popularity is that it offers a good balance throughout a product lifecycle - prototyping (because of the number of libraries), production (because it runs on anything), maintenance (because it's stable and easy to hire for). The best analogy I can give is like someone selling me a car. Right now, I'm driving a 20 year old Ford because I'm more interested in saving money than going quickly. If somebody wants me to get a new car, they need to show how I'm going to save money, not just how quick the other car is. I guess 'Slash' could do that, but right now the copy is not focusing on the difficulties I have with PHP. Does it matter? I've scanned a few QR codes at conferences, and in Google Authenticator. I see them frequently on adverts at tube/train stations. Interesting, but what's with all the weird flirting? Quite a few friends and family have put Dropbox on their personal machines at my suggestion. Because of a whole range of factors (trustworthiness, cost, business model, reliability, usability, design, ease of installation, features) I felt comfortable recommending it, and they felt comfortable installing it. The same could not have been said for Rapidshare, Megaupload, a custom FTP server, etc. IIRC, at the time there were a bunch of third-party solutions offering 'GDrive' by storing files in Gmail with custom labels through IMAP. I think the biggest OSes _have_ integrated something like this, but unfortunately they don't work well between operating systems. So if I'm on an Android phone, an iPad, and dual boot Windows and Ubuntu then it doesn't really help. Dropbox does allow me to backup and sync on all of those. One reason why it might _not_ happen - lack of demand. Clearly I have a very small sample so it's merely an anecdote, but I haven't met anybody that wants this for themselves, even if they think other people will want it. I know some people will want it, but it would need to be near universal for something like Gattaca to become reality. What is a chromosome check? We're currently expecting (in the UK) but haven't heard of anything like that. I think this is a very big conversation for me to fire off a quick HN comment. I'm mostly ignorant about this, and my Christian faith probably clouds my judgement, so it's difficult to say whether I'm being objective and rational. However, I'm not convinced that medical science is there yet, so my child is just an iteration for big pharma. Perhaps we produce a whole generation of intelligent children who develop Alzheimer's when they're 25. I realise that argument is made against every new technology (especially medical), but making an active choice somehow makes me culpable and it would be harder to live with it. Also, there's the idea of what happens if this becomes universal. Since some traits seem universally desirable, all parents will choose to grant them. So if everyone is given the genes to be massively intelligent, is that a good thing? Then there's the quality of life argument, which makes me deeply uncomfortable. Essentially, choosing a fully-sighted embryo over a partially-sighted one implicitly says "partially-sighted people are likely to have lower quality of life than fully-sighted ones", and that sounds wrong both ethically and practically. This is a really difficult debate, though. Put in the hypothetical situation of having to choose, I guess I would end up choosing the best possible embryo, but I'd rather not have to make the choice to begin with. I think part of the reason I'm uncomfortable with this is that those characteristics I would most desire for my chlid, are not selectable. For example, happiness, gratitude, tolerance, etc. It's not clear whether greater intelligence makes you more or less happy. > So if everyone is given the genes to be massively intelligent, is that a good thing? > I'd say so, yes. My thoughts on this are overshadowed by Brave New World. I realise how enormously snobbish and arrogant this sounds, but there are some jobs where having an enormous intellect would definitely be a burden. So either we have to automate those jobs (not necessarily possible), accept that some people are going to be very unhappy, or breed a specific group of people with lower intellects. I guess this is a variation on the 'tragedy of the commons' - something that's wonderful for your child and my child would probably be a disaster if it were given to everybody's child. > Just because someone is perfectly capable of living a happy and fulfilled life with a birth defect doesn't mean the lack thereof wouldn't be preferable. I think sometimes disabilities are part of what make them amazing people. Would Beethoven have written such wonderful music if he had full hearing? From what I've read of Dame Evelyn Glennie, she seems to say that her deafness taught her to hear the music in a different way. So I'm worried that removing everything we perceive to be a defect results in a rather bland human race. It would be better to work on improving society so that being blind didn't cause many people to become depressed, for example. Adding lifts and ramps to buildings as well. > Keep in mind, not choosing is itself a choice. I'd like that the choice is not even possible. If the choice can be made confidently by a large proportion of the population, then it would inevitably go this way. Yes you're right, a lot of this does depend on what we're considering a defect and at what stage. We have obviously done the whole Down's Syndrome scan, and we had no idea what we would have done if it had come back positive. If I could have done this pre-conception, then it would be a more comfortable decision. But if the question was about being short-sighted (which both my wife and I are), or whether we'd prefer a more athletic child, then the question gets much harder. > Why does "partially-sighted people are likely to have lower quality of life than fully-sighted ones" feel wrong to you? Usain Bolt obviously has two pretty amazing legs, and my legs by contrast must look 'less able'. But I'd be offended if you assumed that Usain Bolt has a better quality of life simply because he has 'more able' legs. So with this gene selection we end up in selecting only those with the legs of Usain Bolt. I feel the same about sight. I'm fairly short-sighted so wear glasses, and my glasses are kind of part of my personality. Even if somebody wanted to pay for the laser surgery, and it was a guaranteed success, I can't say that I'd definitely do it. So in the case of your questions - if somebody asked me to improve their sight, and it was in my power to do so, then I would do it. But I don't think it would guarantee them a better quality of life. Newsletters should include a text version as well, and you can set your client to show that instead of the HTML. "Normal" users (i.e. the non-geeks) do seem to prefer HTML emails, and in usability studies, A/B testing, and deliverability reports, HTML emails usually outperform text. In short, HTML emails are better for and preferred by recipients and senders in all but edge cases. At TechHub more than half our emails are opened on mobile (and mostly on iPhones, although there is some selective bias in there because of default image display settings). So mobile-first makes sense in every way. > We began by asking, what layouts work well on mobile? The answer for us was to think “single column.” This is nearly always the case. You can include pictures, and then use `align="right"` (or left) to make text float round the picture. You can use media queries to hide the picture entirely on mobile. You can also use two buttons, one for mobile (which stretches to 100% width and more height) and one for desktop. We use Litmus ( http://litmus.com ) to render test everything. I have a strange love for coding HTML emails, so if I can help anyone with a bit of free advice, feel free to ask. @blowski Images on any Apple device are shown by default. If you don't give any dimensions to the image, it will collapse when images are blocked. You can use a table with a background-color as a fallback when images are blocked so it still looks good even without images. That said, some folks go with image-heavy emails to encourage people to turn on the images. ASOS are particularly well known for this. And if you want to get really creative when dealing with image-blocking - http://www.campaignmonitor.com/blog/post/3642/email-with-pix... Most of the time as a developer I am merely bluffing my way through, but with HTML email I can actually claim some degree of expertise. > For me, it's all about keeping some control over technology. That's fair enough, but you are very much in a minority. I spent some years working at an email-specific agency. They sent more than 5 billion emails during that time for some very big clients, and we did most of the data analysis. They also did a lot of usability testing. I can tell you that on just about every metric - brand recall, clickthrough rates, ROI, unsubscribes - HTML outperformed plain text. There were exceptions, both in terms of types of campaign and types of sender - say, if your list includes lots of Hacker News readers. We found, for example, that including just one image will increase open rates by more than 50% but I can't find it now. Another article on the same topic is here - http://www.alchemyworx.com/alchemy_worx/2009/newsletter/issu... . I imagine it would be even easier with a conditional comment. But... why is something so childish on the homepage of HN? I don't get the difference between 'seeing' my hand, and looking in the direction of where I know my hand to be. "Streisanded"? I think that's the worst word I will see or hear this week. Why does the title have "Could be interesting" in it? If it couldn't be interesting, then it shouldn't be on HN in the first place. A combination of scrollspy (jQuery version - https://github.com/sxalexander/jquery-scrollspy ) and some CSS3 animation. Also not happy that they Tweet from your account without making it explicitly obvious that they're going to do it. True - I went back and checked, but I would prefer if they didn't do it at all. When a brand tweets on my behalf in this way, it always makes me feel less favourable towards that brand. Haha, that's brilliant. From their Twitter account: > Have an iPhone 3? Download RAM twice to make it a iPhone 5. https://twitter.com/DownloadMoreRam/status/38502626000858726... If we define democracy as liberal, pluralistic democracies with a respected constitution, then that list shrinks dramatically. > applying pretty much any "software building codes" to the web app industry would probably kill startup culture entirely. Not necessarily. To use the analogy with the building industry, there are different requirements depending on what the building will be used for. Startups holding or processing financial information might have one set of regulations, whereas those hosting cat pictures might be less rigorous. You're right - there is a tradeoff between features and stability, but "consumers vs companies" is an oversimplification. It's about the probability of something breaking, and the consequences of what happens when it does. For a company with a large workforce, the probability of something breaking is higher - many different machines being used in different ways, and the cost of a botched upgrade can run into millions, with people losing their jobs, and legal action being taken. For consumers, the risk is typically lower and less costly if it goes wrong. If a Facebook upgrade causes the app to crash repeatedly, it means I can't post for a while, so I'll just upgrade and hope for the best. But if a personal finance or medical app goes wrong the consequences could be extremely serious, so stability is more important. It irked me that when I deactivated my account, it wasn't immediately obvious that it hadn't been deleted. I only found that out when I saw the page was still live on Google. I then contacted their customer service to find out why it hadn't been deleted. Their customer service team was responsive and helpful, and it was deleted within 24 hours. Exactly. Since I can buy on some internet retailers without creating an account, there is no logical reason why another retailer can't delete my account. I understand that they need to store the invoice, but that could be stored separately from the marketing database. But you can delete threads, right? I frequently see '[deleted]' with replies to the deleted thread. Does the design of Hyperloop make it impossible to walk around? In terms of no windows, sounds similar to the Channel Tunnel. You're typically in the tunnel for close to 30 minutes. I'm sure that many people will think that tradeoff is worth it - I doubt many people will think about it at all. Not everyone is a Hacker News reader. This is an excellent point. Perhaps putting your preferences on your email signature, your profile on the corporate intranet, or your personal website's 'contact me' page would be helpful. Also, it can be good to explicitly define a company culture. I've worked in some places where I'd receive "VERY URGENT" emails, and others where email was used merely as a 'cover your arse' policy but everything else was done in person. FWIW, I prefer to have a conversation in person (or over the phone) and follow this up with an email - even for very short conversations. I like to be prodded via SMS. I hate IM (short conversations turn into long conversations that I can't search later), don't use Facebook or Twitter. But only about 10% of my conversations happen in the way I want them to. Disclaimer - I work for TechHub As mentioned above, the cafe is free and run by Central Working. You can use it Monday to Friday, 9am - 6pm. You get free wifi. You have to pay for coffee, but it is very good (provided by Dose Espresso, who use Square Mile Roasters). TechHub (who run 1st and 2nd floors) offer resident or flex membership. Flex gives you access Monday - Friday, 9am - 8pm. Resident gives you 24/7 access with your own desk. Everybody gets free coffee and toast. 3rd floor changes from month to month, but doesn't usually offer coworking. Seedcamp are on the 4th floor. Obviously, you only get to use that space if you have been accepted into Seedcamp. 5th floor is used by Google themselves. The only reason not to go is if you're not an enthusiast. This is one of the best events in London for anyone into tech and/or startups. Exactly - the Agile Manifesto came to mind as soon as I read the title. i.e. "Individuals and interactions over processes and tools" Thanks - I've been looking for something like this since Flickr went a bit mad. I'll install and play around. Thanks for doing this! So some folks like doing it one way, others like doing it another. Both groups think their way is better, and can give arguments in their favour. In reality, the right decision comes down to the project goals, the deadlines, the budget, the resources, the staff, and many other factors. This whole 'debate' has about as much depth as "should I put ketchup or barbecue sauce on my chips?". I'm sure it could be done, but if it's working this way (and it does seem to be working), why bother? What's the difference between that and APC? The performance, or is there something else? Confession: I haven't listened to the OP yet. Depends on who's talking. Amongst developers, using the word 'app' to describe any kind of software seems like the navy referring to everything as a 'boat'. Using more specific words improves the conversation and our thought processes. But when talking with end users, it seems to make sense to classify their system into 'Apps' and 'files'. The average user still gets confused by the difference between Windows, Word and a Word Document. If saying "Apps are things you find in an App Store" helps end users be more effective with their computers, then it makes sense. Malicious domain. Don't click. The site appears to be infected - it's trying to do something with " https://ssl/" and " http://www/" , and it's on a domain that's eerily similar to Blogspot.com. I think the OP is not saying "it was impossible to learn", but "the amount of effort required to learn wasn't worth the return I would get from it". The latter may well be a sensible decision. And it's great when someone tries to makes the learning process easier, and even better when they open source it. Real people don't fit neatly into one of the three 'gay', 'bi' or 'hetero' boxes. At certain times, ages, around certain people, in certain situations, anybody might feel more or less attracted to someone than they would in other situations for a whole range of reasons. Trying to pigeonhole people as 'ex-gay' or 'gay by choice' doesn't seem like a useful exercise. We use Backupify at TechHub. It works great. I'm inclined to believe that this is a mistake - "extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence" and all that. ...However, since hypothetically this could happen, how could it be prevented? Would there be some unbreakable way for a manufacturer to tell you if the keyboard had been tampered with? I was thinking of those silver foils that are now put over a lot of food items so that crazies can't put stuff in them in the supermarket. I appreciate wrapping it in plastic probably wouldn't be enough to defeat the security services, but you get the idea. Facebook is now scanning SMS on Android, ostensibly for 2 factor authentication, but it's easy to see them mining the data for advertising purposes. I wonder how Google will react to that. On the whole, I agree with this. Unfortunately, as programming has gone mainstream, so too has its culture. In London at least, offices and coworking spaces seem to take more inspiration from Mad Magazine than Xerox PARC, like somehow we'd write better software if we were just a bit more wacky. I for one would love programming environments to look a bit more grown up and less like a frat party. edit: changed 'creative' to 'wacky' How do you mean? Yeah, I changed the word to wacky, because I think that's more what I was trying to say. Doesn't work at all without JavaScript - just a black screen. And I don't have a Facebook account, so couldn't look at the mobile version. At least they didn't call it 'Papr'. Not exactly. It feels like the stereotypical programmer is shifting from being a bearded middle-aged white man to a privileged drunken 20-something man. Sure it's a stereotype, and there are plenty of folks doing very-well-thankyou-very-much within the programming community. BUT I think the OP is saying (and I agree) that the 'free beer and pizza' culture is starting to dominate the public view of the programming community. So we get tools with offputtingly brotastic names, documentation that's littered with gratuitous profanity, meetups that reward the biggest drinkers rather than the most interesting. So I would like to see a culture where the quiet folks can do a 9-to-5, then go home and enjoy church and family without missing out on key decisions and opportunities. If you want to go to a meetup, you can drink a lemonade without people making assumptions. This is essentially what I do - Black on White for production, White on Black for development. If I'm running development commands on a Black on White screen, something doesn't feel right. It isn't a life-or-death application, so this is enough. From Apple's perspective, it sounds like quite a handy bug. Since I've been an iPhone user for 5 years, this bug makes me locked in to the iOS environment. Given that they have established a market-distorting barrier to exit, they should be ordered by a court to fix this issue. That's great - I can use that whenever the topic of 'the echo-chamber' comes up. I have no idea why you would use /dev/urandom over /dev/random, or vice versa. If you can write something, I would be very grateful. There's no penalty for redirecting an entire root-level domain to a subdomain, as long as your sitemap and internal linking strategy all point to the subdomain. From Google's perspective, the problem with 301s is that they take longer to load (since you've got to request two separate URLs) and they make your URL structure less stable. Neither of those is a problem if you make it clear to Google that your content belongs on a subdomain. The tabloid press (in the UK at least) used the story as evidence of how the App Store was pointless, overpriced and going nowhere. Given that it was early days for the iPhone, I don't think it was the kind of PR Apple wanted, so canned it. Seriously, please keep the NSA comments to NSA articles. I know the NSA issue is important, but yammering on about it in every article is the same as a Bible-bashing Christian raising the topic of Jesus in every single conversation. And I am Christian, and I do think the NSA issue is important. Thanks to both of you for responding. I will need to read more to understand in detail, but you have at least given me some pointers. ExxonMobil turns black goo into a flammable liquid. That, said ExxonMobil is able to prove that people are willing to a pay lot of money for that flammable liquid, and Twitter can't say that about its product. I agree with most of what you say, but this is a bit pessimistic: > Building an alternative to Gmail? Nope. We can’t do that. We don’t have the resources. When you think about it, most of the internet depends on open source software built by "us". Programming languages, databases, web servers, content management systems, statistical analysis, image manipulation, and yes, email clients/servers. Given all that, a self-hosted email application should be possible. I suspect the reason we don't do it is not because we don't have the resources, but because... actually I don't know why we don't. Perhaps all the investment slush funds have made us lazy and selfish. Perhaps the social networks and mobile games have made us less creative. Perhaps some of the fanatical open source software wars have put us off doing the same thing. I imagine 'behind the scenes' at most organisations is a nightmare. My experience of the folks at Wikipedia is that they are nice bunch of folks, achieving really amazing stuff with a minuscule budget. Due to their non-monetary goals, total reliance on volunteers, and transparent structure, they are more like the UN than Google, which inevitably leads to weird arguments. Personally, I think it's a great idea. It's been a while since I've needed to job-hunt, but it used to go something like: 1. Scan through indeed.com, StackOverflow, etc, job pages, bookmarking everything that seems interesting. 2. Revisit the bookmarks, checking out the company website, LinkedIn profiles, etc. Select a few favourites. 3. Write CVs and cover letters for the favourites. At step 2, it's great if you can speak directly to your future boss / colleagues. It's like a mini-interview before you go through the hassle of step 3. It lets you get beyond the cliches of the job advert to the actual people. That said, when I've been on the recruiting side, I hated receiving those types of calls because you spend so much time dealing with poor applicants, trying to tell them not to bother applying but still leaving them with a positive image of your company. That's hard to do on the 30th phone call of the day. So it seems that Blonk is trying to filter those phone calls only to those I've already said 'good enough to apply'. The bit I didn't get is the signing-on bonus. As an employer, I would want to get the best possible applicants. The $1,000 seems to skew the kind of people that would be using the service to those who are desperate for cash. To use the 'Tinder for jobs' analogy, if Tinder offered free meals to those who hook up, they will get a large group of "unsociable but like free food" people. The same is true of any advice, generally. Giving people diatribes on all that's wrong with Windows and all that's right with Ubuntu doesn't produce many converts, and probably gives Ubuntu a bad name. But if someone says "I hate Windows, because it's expensive and made by Microsoft" then it would be entirely appropriate for me to talk about Ubuntu. I'm that way with religion. I don't walk up to people outside the station telling them to repent, but if someone told me they were having a hard time in life right now, I might suggest coming to church with me one Sunday. Avoiding comments that do what your code should be doing is common practice, and I think that's what this style guide is recommending. Comments are useful to describe __why__ you're doing something, often when you are not able to change the unexpected behaviour. Whenever I build an API library, my code is littered with comments like "Acme Corp API requires this happens before that" with a link to that bit of the API documentation. Here's a C++ example about "documenting surpises" (taken from Steve McConnell's Code Complete: for ( element = 0; element > 1; } And a Java example: /* The following code is necessary to work around an error in WriteData() that appears only when the third parameter equals 500. '500' has been replaced with a named constant for clarity. */ if ( blockSize == WRITEDATA_BROKEN_SIZE ) { blockSize = WRITEDATA_WORKAROUND_SIZE; } WriteData ( file, data, blockSize ); He also gives a whole list of situations in which comments are a bad idea, and it's similar to the OP. On a side note, Fog Creek is only linked with Stack Overflow, in that Joel Spolsky is on the management team of both - http://meta.stackexchange.com/a/53251 > Does this mean that everyone who warbles "Happy Birthday to You" to family members at birthday parties is engaging in copyright infringement if they fail to obtain permission from or pay royalties to the song's publisher? No. Royalties are due, of course, for commercial uses of the song, such as playing or singing it for profit, using it in movies, television programs, and stage shows, or incorporating it into musical products such as watches and greeting cards; as well, royalties are due for public performance, defined by copyright law as performances which occur "at a place open to the public, or at any place where a substantial number of persons outside of a normal circle of a family and its social acquaintances is gathered." So, crooning "Happy Birthday to You" to family members and friends at home is fine, but performing a copyrighted work in a public setting such as a restaurant or a sports arena technically requires a license from ASCAP or the Harry Fox Agency (although such infringements are rarely prosecuted). [formatting is mine] http://www.snopes.com/music/songs/birthday.asp And a corporation nearing the end of its life can sell its copyrights to other, younger corporations - if that's the case, the copyrights would last forever. I have no idea what the OP is talking about. As far as I can understand, the author is saying Amazon (yes, Amazon) is not hard-nosed enough to win a fight with Google and Microsoft. #1 - "AWS is not the low price provider", "Being low priced is in Amazon’s nature so this will be intensely challenging to them". This is true, but as the market-leader, do they need to be? #2 - "most of their features are mediocre knock offs of other products". As @ToddMathews said here ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8104364 ), he doesn't list any examples of these superior cloud services. I can't think of any. Sure, ELB is a knock off of HAProxy, but in that sense, Gmail is a knockoff of Postfix. #3 - "AWS is unbelievably lousy at support", "Support is just not in Amazon’s nature". Really? Compared to whom? In my experience, they have always been one of the best providers of support of any online company. #4 - "Once you are at $200k / month of spend, it’s cheaper and much more effective to build your own infrastructure". And yet many businesses spend more than $200k PCM. Are they stupid? Or is the author wrong? I agree that their AWS support needs a lot of improvement, and there are others in the industry (rackspace, peer one) who are better. But I disagree with the OP's assertion that Amazon is inherently incapable of providing good customer service in any of its markets. Exactly. The value of AWS is not in the individual pieces, but in how all the pieces fit together, and how a novice is able to do it. > Argentina issued bonds under New York law. Until I read this, I assumed that international bonds were issued under international law, with the World Bank as the arbitrator. With the US as both lender and arbitrator, it seems to give them a lot of power. Well, I hadn't given it much thought. I just assumed that some international body (WTO, IMF, UN) would resolve disputes like this. I can see both sides here. What surprised me is not that a judge has decided, but that a US judge has decided. It looks like an American judge decided in an American corporation's favour, and against a poorer country, to hell with the damage it will do the world's economy. On the other hand, if the US doesn't uphold the law, then the world economy would be damaged because lending would become more unpredictable. As it stands, though, it's easy to portray this as the US bullying Argentina in the interests of a small group of rich American citizens who behave like loan sharks. It just seems like it would be better to have an international body of law under which all international lending takes place, and when there is a dispute, a judge is chosen from an independent third party. Is there any serious effort to make that happen? I have no idea. Thanks for the links, btw - interesting to see the complexity involved here. I actually downvoted you because the world `holdup` made it sound a bit inflammatory. Having read the links, I see where you're coming from, and changed to an upvote. This is certainly one of those topics that sensationalists will try to reduce to easy answers, when it's clear there aren't any. So is there any way that, if Argentina completely defaults, the 93% who have agreed the restructured payments can sue the 7% who haven't? Can S&P's opinion just be ignored while Argentina renegotiates with 100% of them? Can this still end up in international arbitration? Good point. I thought I did - perhaps I'm thinking I'm on StackOverflow. I thought I clicked 'back' so the arrows were there. I don't remember. Even if I haven't actually changed it to an upvote, then it deserves it. Is there a group representing the 93% who accepted the restructuring? > I don't see any grounds for what "93% who have agreed the restructured payments can sue the 7% who haven't" - what claim do you see there? I don't know whether I see a claim, but I wondered whether a clever lawyer would. Reading around, I'm positing ideas for what might happen next. Depends on the work I'm doing. It helps for creative work, but it's more challenging to do basic admin. Also, the distractions in an office are difficult to block because they all seem relevant to me, which puts me in a constant state of being alert to them. In a coffee shop, I know that the noise is completely irrelevant to me, so it just moves into the background. I guess someone copied and pasted from http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/windowshardware/Toaster-7d256... I will confess to being someone that often forgets to say thanks. My thought process runs something like "Gosh, that was really helpful, I should say thankyou. But thankyou isn't enough, I should think of a better way of saying thankyou." Then I forget to say anything at all for some time, and then I feel awkward because I left it so long to say thankyou. That's not an excuse. It's a total failure that I forget to say thank you properly whenever it's deserved (and even when it's not). It's something I am working hard to fix, but I still frequently mess up. This is true as well. I don't really like receiving emails that just say 'Thank you', and I'm never sure whether other people do or not. Some relatively high-profile and busy people have said to me in the past "Did you get the thing I sent? You didn't say thanks." so it's definitely a personal thing. As somebody who was affected by the suicide of a close friend, it would be wonderful if something existed that could help others with suicidal feelings. But there is something sad about the idea that an algorithm would be better at detecting suicidal feelings than your closest friends. > And there is no algorithm that can detect suicidal feelings. I get what you're saying, but given the miracles that do exist in modern medicine, I'm not prepared to say it's impossible. I suspect better availability of mental healthcare, preferring counselling over drugs, and less stigmatising would all be better 'solutions' than an algorithm, but if an algorithm did exist that could genuinely help then it would be a good thing. Not a conversation that I think is particularly relevant to HN, nor possible to have effectively online. But, in short, I genuinely believe that, though my friend's despair at the moment she took her life was very real, she could and would have got through that despair. Her suicide had a huge impact on those around her, especially her parents, and it would have been better both for her and those around her if she had been helped through the despair instead of just ending it. We should be aiming to make the world a place people want to live in, not encouraging people to want to get out of it. I can't find it now, but one of my favourites was the 'virus' that caused Word to keep typing phrases about Mozart, Bach, and nuclear weapons in Iran. Turned out to be a voice activation program running in the background, next to a radio playing Classic FM. > I must say that "Email killers" are really going to be successful. I remember people saying that in about 1998. Email killers have been successful, but not at killing email. I seriously think that what we have is great. Send this text from here to there. It's so simple that almost anything can be done with it. If only social networking had followed the model of a simple protocol with distributed servers, we would have a serious alternative to Twitter's API restrictions and Facebook's privacy invasions. That said, if we could redesign email, my quick wishlist would be: * Better encryption. No surprises that a HN comment thinks we should encrypt metadata as well as contents, and have something better than the way we have to exchange GPG keys at the moment. * Better security. Easier to guarantee that the ostensible sender of a message really did send it. Also, help prevent the viral problem of malware, which spreads through inboxes protected by rubbish passwords. It could just be a selection bias, in that we think it's interesting so it makes the news. If it had translated to something more banal, we probably wouldn't be discussing it on Hacker News. Even on iPhones (unlike the OP). And I, for one, am glad that they did. I understand why stuff like this had to be made in Flash in 1999, but in 2014, client-side web development is in a much better place. When Apple blocked Flash on iPhones, we were forced to adopt and improve open standards instead of relying on proprietary software. As a developer: * Because I can use any editor I like - free, open-source, paid, whatever. * Because I can build and use tools which are themselves built on top of the standards, and choose which tools I want (SASS, LESS, CoffeeScript, etc). * Because I can build responsive websites that work on screen sizes from watches to 60" TV screens. As IT support: * Because my users don't have to frequently upgrade a bit of software which most of the time offered little benefit, but big security risks. As a user: * Because I can use just about any browser I like, and (usually, at least) get at least some experience of the website more than "Sorry, you don't have Flash installed, so bugger off." * Because the user experience has become a lot more consistent. Weird navigation controls have become outliers rather than standard. I have no ideological opposition to Flash, more to the way it was used. While Flash was popular, the progress of open standards was slow because it was less urgent. > Customers that need convincing typically don't stick around long. Not saying you're wrong as I have no idea, but this seems counter-intuitive. A customer that puts more thought into buying the product seems more likely to stick around than one which buys on a whim. Can you give more detail about that? This is just an article linking to an article[1], which itself links to a Google translation of an article written in French[2]. [1] http://www.virtuallyghetto.com/2013/09/vmware-nested-easter-... [2] http://www.hypervisor.fr/?p=4063 Relevant: http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/39200/what-ar... Oh, I stand corrected. Sorry. OFF TOPIC RANT Just have to register my frustration with the cliched "[x] considered harmful" headline in the IT world. It devalues the proposition instead of lending it authority. EDIT: "Betteridge's law of headlines" also applies here ( Any headline which ends in a question mark can be answered by the word no. ) Since it's an opinion piece, state your opinion in the headline, and stick with it. The question mark suggests even the author's not sure he agrees with the premise, which makes me think the article is not worth reading. I enjoyed that greatly! Thank you for the link. I meant that my comment was an off-topic rant. I have no problem with the article itself (I didn't even read it), nor the right of anybody to rant about anything. It's the cliched headline on which I was commenting. Interesting, I hadn't thought of it that way before. Thanks for the explanation. What should happen instead? I agree with the f *ed up search comment, assuming you mean they sort by how it affects their bottom line. But if that's the worst of their 'dark patterns', then the experience of shopping on their website is one of the better ones. There are occasions where you can't just do a straight insert. Perhaps you need to conditionally create a foreign record, or you want to format a value on insert instead of doing it directly in the CSV. That said, I can't see how the OP actually helps me with that. I didn't know that either - thanks for sharing. > the relationship between the dollar and euro have changed The Euro has never gone below $1.17, and has averaged at around $1.32 since Dropbox launched in 2008. > it accounts for VAT Dropbox don't pay VAT in the EU. https://www.dropbox.com/help/971 I did a back of the envelope calculation. If we got rid of our plants and plant-waterers, I would expect to see about 60p extra in my monthly salary. If you're outside, there is a watering service delivered from the cloud. But, Reddit-puns aside, this is already quite a common office service in London. We pay a company to bring plants, water them, prune them, etc. I'm interested in how this would work. Where would the VAT go in the case of a German person who primarily lives and works in the UK? Is it based on their IP address at the time of signing up? Or where their banking address is registered? EDIT - Just found this, which suggests it's up to the company themselves to decide in which country the service is being 'consumed', and they need to store evidence which shows how they make that decision. http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/news/one-stop-shop.pdf Post-tax. Fortunately, it doesn't push me into another tax band. I agree completely. The football World Cup in Brazil this year showed something similar with the 'goal line technology'. When Benzema scored against Honduras, in previous years, arguments would have persisted for years about whether the ball crossed the line. Now it was over within seconds. Similar story in tennis, cricket, athletics, and a lot of other sports. Moaning about bad decisions is part of the fun. When you can't do it, the sport does get a bit more boring. In which case, could you hibernate the CPU as well as the screen, but still leave the time on display? Forgive me for being a bit out of touch. Is the idea of a smartwatch to be your main phone, small enough to strap to your wrist? I imagined that it was more like a really good watch - primarily there to tell the time, but allowing you to use it as a phone when that would otherwise be inconvenient. I played around with a prototype of an Android watch, and it just seemed too small to be useful. It seems like a remote control to a smartphone would be more useful - something that vibrated when I get a notification, and could send commands to Siri. In a sense, the rules of chess are frequently changed - speed chess, chess-boxing, Cheshire Cat chess, etc. In baseball, the rules were not being 'changed' they were just being applied inconsistently because of human limitations. The umpire (or is it referee in baseball) is just another player - human and error-prone. When 'he' (is there a 'she'?) becomes a faultless, indisputable 'it', then that part of the game is lost. Even in chess, these problems exist. Think of Bobby Fischer moaning about the cameras in 1972. So, for example, I could tell my phone to notify the watch when I receive a call or text message from my wife? Then when she calls, the watch vibrates. Would that be expensive from a power consumption perspective? I know next to nothing about hardware, so perhaps I'm being naive. Agreed, but on a more positive note, it's nice that we have easy access to the correct version. The author didn't have to contact all the media that got it wrong in the first place and request that they publish a correction. If anyone can publish anything, then there will be a lot more garbage along with the gold. It is scant consolation, but you can't really have one without the other. Like so many things, a community manager is neither necessary nor sufficient for a good community. But it can still be a good idea to have one. Like all roles - finance manager, IT manager, HR manager, etc - just appointing one won't fix all problems, but it's a good start if you're having problems in that area and trying to fix them. Having somebody in the room that represents that business concern, and knows what they're talking about, helps. I'm from London, and I was at the Hacker News meetup when hackful.eu was launched. It was a promising idea, but most of the interesting or useful articles on HN aren't relevant only by where you live. It's rare that an article is interesting in London, but irrelevant in California. Given the nature of the community on HN, geography is rarely an issue. As a result, any geographical-based version of HN ends up either duplicating 90% of the articles on the main HN, which fragments the conversation, or it doesn't post the most interesting or useful articles so becomes irrelevant. Even a language-based subcommunity is largely pointless, since most of us speak English - it makes more sense to read knowledgable comments in broken English than amateur comments in perfect German. In the end, HN is not Reddit. I don't see that it needs, wants, or would benefit from subcommunities. It's been asked a few times, (e.g. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5298716 ) but I haven't seen any response either from the Hackful founders, or anybody in general. Thanks for the feedback. Fascinating - I had no idea such a machine existed. Here is a video of one in action - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k49ncf60zN8#t=16 Now you say it, reminds me of the 'Automaton' featured in Hugo. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automaton All my letters are either from a robot or my Nan. Depends on what you're doing. If it's data capture on some kind of competition page, then a more complicated email regex can increase data quality a lot. I have built quite a lot of data capture forms, and while no or limited regex increased number of entries, a more complicated regex combined with checking MX records improved conversion rate, because there were fewer junk entries. I used `\b[A-Z0-9._%+-]+@[A-Z0-9.-]+\.[A-Z]{2,4}\b` (taken from regular-expressions.info). It has a few false positives and a few false negatives, but overall, it optimises conversion rates, which is what I was being paid for. YMMV. True. It probably does need a bit of an update. Did you win? Don't feel bad. I use PHP and Behat, I've seen Konstantin (everzet) present these concepts a few times, and I don't understand what he's talking about either. That said, Behat is lovely, and thanks to everyone who works on it. Please forgive an ignorant idiot here. What stops the OS implementing something that says "until you prove you're a keyboard, you can't type anything"? Something like the authorisation screen for Bluetooth keyboards. OK, so what's stopping Granny saying "I want to check whether she's a wolf myself"? I can see how the current state of affairs is insecure, but I'm confused by the 'unpatchable' claim. I truly am clueless in this area, but initially it seems hyperbolic to say that the only way to fix this is to replace all USB controllers in existence. Would a USB drive be able to 'know' what the ID of another USB device is? As I'm seeing the explanation: 1. User plugs in USB drive and keyboard. 2. USB drive obtains the ID of the keyboard. 3. Later, it looks when the keyboard is not plugged in and changes it's ID to that of the keyboard. 4. Now the computer thinks when the USB drive is an authorised keyboard, and can type whatever malicious commands it wants. Is that right? Apart from keyboard, what other devices could it exploit? I don't understand the grammar problem here. http://english.stackexchange.com/questions/200161/you-still-... If ever an article needed a tl;dr, then this is it. As far as I can tell, the OP has seen something working in practice, and has set out to demonstrate why it doesn't work in theory. With that much badly organised text, it's almost like it was designed never to be read at all. Exactly. If you look for a language without flaws, you may as well give up programming. On the other hand, if you say "I'm trying to do X - what's a good language to use?" then we can have a conversation. Some of the flaws are irrelevant in some projects, but roadblocks in others. Debating the pros and cons of languages without the context of a project is like discussing the best form of transport without having any idea of the journey. "Any donkey can kick down a barn, but it takes a skilled carpenter to build one." What language would be able to support billions of websites coded by millions of developers, rendered on thousands of different types of media and be easier to code with than CSS? Until I've seen a working demo of this mythical styling language, I'll be very grateful for what I've got. I, for one, have given almost nothing back to the CSS. I don't read the papers, get involved with testing, implementation, or any of that. I don't even deserve table-based layouts. Part of the achievement of CSS is precisely that they have managed to convince every browser vendor to support it. It has overcome or is strongly competing with Flash, ActiveX, native apps, PDF, and a lot else. This magical CSS replacement would have to do that, even if CSS didn't exist. Unfortunately true, although the Shadow DOM could help fix that. Do you remember coding rounded corners in HTML? Slicing images, putting a 3x3 table with rowspans and colspans? That was easier than `border-radius: 3px`? And I have seen no solution for how we might code responsive layouts in pure HTML. It's 2014, and you want to discuss tables vs CSS layouts? Maybe next week we can discuss whether anyone will ever need a hard drive bigger than 2MB. 1. It's pretty easy to find stories of somebody having success using an old technology, but it's even easier to find examples of old technologies being replaced by something better. 2. Finding somebody successfully bashing a nail into a wall with a shoe doesn't mean we should all throw away our hammers. 3. If we get into the drawbacks of CSS vs tables, tables are going to lose. I can think of two situations where tables will win - lack of developer skill (yes, tables are easier to learn quickly), and needing to support old browsers more than new ones. Whereas CSS will win on responsiveness, performance, workflow, third-party tools, features, maintenance, accessibility, flexibility, semantics, and just about every other area of front-end development you care to mention. EDIT: Here's an article from 2003 (!) that makes the same points. As CSS has improved, the arguments have become stronger. https://www.hotdesign.com/seybold/03overview.html > strait text + links is both pure HTML and a responsive layout It's a responsive layout, but not one that somebody is willing to pay me to build. Those that people will pay me for are, in my experience, easiest to build with CSS. Thanks for the link. I need to spend some time looking at this. Same as me. I relied on it heavily around 2010, but their glacial development made Symfony a better choice in 2012. Comparing to Facebook and Twitter is a useless comparison, because their scale causes so many edge cases. If you have that kind of scale, you can afford to hire the best in every area and build everything from scratch. Better to compare to a typical medium-sized website in a similar sector - e.g. a blog like cuteoverload.com or ecommerce site like tigerdirect.com. What's the issue? How many sites actually do that? Thanks! I've essentially been using a developer profile in Firefox for some time, but the OSX dock doesn't play well with profiles, so this makes things a lot easier. I think you're probably reading too much into the 'free' bit - it says the same on the download for the normal Firefox. If anything, it's a play on it being "free as in freedom". I'm struggling to understand why. If you have a complex app, the complexity will be stored somewhere - it might be in JavaScript, CSS, HTML, PHP/Ruby/Python, YAML config files, the database, or some combination of those things. But it will always be somewhere. Sometimes, depending on the team and the project, it will make sense to store at least some of that complexity in the HTML. Oh, you're right - sorry I actually didn't read that. Which is fine as long as you're happy to be "that guy". If I need to install RandomNewChatApp to talk to a client that's paying me $$$, I'm going to install it. Similarly, if a close friend or relative uses a new service, stubbornly saying "no, that's too awkward for me" is not the kind of person I want to be. But I would prefer if I could just add them as an account to an app that I already have. And ideally an open-source, usable, attractive app. I'm guessing they did it with an import script - something like http://www.iqandreas.com/github-issues-import/configuration/... When you're in such an unstable environment as using a 3 year old startup to build apps for a 7 year old OS, I don't think that worrying about 2 years down the line is really worth it. If Microsoft hadn't bought them, what would Hockey look like in 2 years? What will iOS look like in 2 years? Can someone explain how the author classified the topics? As I understood the article (and to be honest, I didn't understand it very well) he: 1. Takes a corpus of 'words often used in topic X' 2. Compares that corpus to the script, divided into 12 sections 3. Gives a value to how much the corpus corresponds to the script A couple of things which interested me: * Finding original films - would it be possible to come up with a list of films which have been manually classified as 'romantic' but which don't follow the standard 'romance' plot arc? * Unusual direction or editing - Are there films for which the dialogue can't be used to classify what's going on? Perhaps analysing the soundtrack (loudness, bpm, minor vs major keys) and the video (brightness, colouring, movement) and comparing it to the dialogue would show something interesting. * Compare the 'deviation from the norm' to reviews, awards, box office takings, and press coverage. Unfortunately, I have absolutely no idea how to do something like that. Just wondering if it's been done before. Any unit of measurement would have been arbitrary, and twelfths at least lets you refer to the first third, quarter or half. No idea whether that was the rationale, but I don't think any other division would have seriously affected the point the article is making. Thank you both. Fascinating site, thanks. I'm not sure what is meant by the main marketing activity going from "links and algorithms" to "shares and people". In 2000s, a lot of time was spent on getting people to give you links back to your site - PR teams generating content, viral/guerrilla marketing that people posted on their blogs, etc. In 2010s, understanding the algorithms that decide when to show what content to whom is essential. If you just buy a load of advertising on social media and hope that people see it, like it and share it, you're going to burn through a lot of money very quickly. It sounds great to say "wow, we're going through another revolution!" but in reality, social media is just another channel that sits alongside search. For me, the biggest change is how we share stuff: * Private to public - we used to share stuff either offline, or through email, with a small select group of people. Now we typically share things on Facebook or Twitter, where it's either completely public, or with a large group of people that we barely know. * Unstructured to structured - we used to share 'stuff'. Maybe it was a picture of my son, maybe a set of funny picture of cats, or an urban legend about some guy dying in a bath. Maybe the recipients were my colleagues, my family, my friends from university - the platform had very little idea. Now the content that we share is analysed in detail. The platform can be precise about the nature of the content, who it's shared with (and who reads it and then re-shares it). * Distributed to centralised - rather than millions of independent Wordpress, PHPBB and email servers, we now predominantly use a few platforms - Facebook, Twitter (plus a few smaller ones like Reddit, Hacker News). For me, those are the biggest changes. And now that much of our lives are public, centralised and structured, it's fairly easy to sell targeted advertising in a way that would either have been impossible or ineffective 10 years ago. Contact @techhub on Twitter - I think there are quite a few people there who got visas, and some startups who arranged them as well. > I'm hoping that in the next 5-20 years Rust and Haskell (and later Idris) will change everything. Unfortunately, they won't. These problems are not a 'bug' of current languages, but the inherent nature of the problem. At some point, the perfectly precise world of computers has to meet the messy world of user requirements. As a programmer, my job is to translate one into the other, within the constraints applied by whoever is paying the bill. I have built projects that had 100 users per day but was told by the CEO that it needed to be able to handle 100,000 concurrent users, and part of the acceptance testing was proving that. I half agree. While new programming languages will make solving today's problems easier, there will be new problems that they won't solve, and so in 20 years people will be moaning about the problems the contemporary languages don't solve. For example, one of the biggest problems with building websites ten years ago was that you had to slice everything into tiny images because of table-based layouts. Now we've got CSS3 with SASS and Compass and that's no longer a problem. But whereas then, 90% of users were using IE6 on a 15 or 17 inch monitor, now my users are on a multitude of browsers and screen sizes. And also because drugs companies can't make money out of a non-drug solution. I don't really understand the question. It's a programming language and it can be used to do things that programming languages can do. So to say it can 'do' education seems to be a strange comment. It can be used to write programs that help with education, and you can use it as a language to teach programming - but both of those things are true of Python, PHP, Lisp, Java, etc. What's the project? What's the team working on it? What's the budget? What's the timeframe? Without answers to any of these questions, the question has about as much utility as "what's your favourite colour?". The language is a tool, not an objective. My suggestion would be to take a project you've already built in JavaScript and rewrite it in Io (another prototype-based language), because it will teach you to separate the problem from the solution. Beyond that, find a problem, fall in love with it, become obsessed by it, and look for ways to solve it. Depends on the problem. If my problem is that I want to sell stuff on a website, or have a blog that lets me promote my organisation, etc, then a framework is a great solution even in the long run. I thought about building a CMS in this way, but it was easier to build it as a normal CMS and stick Cloudfront in f front of it. The big feature of Photoshop is that it's Photoshop. A typical designer has dozens of expensive plugins for Photoshop, their PSDs only work in Photoshop and they only know how to use Photoshop. Changing would be expensive and risky, and would only be worthwhile if lots of their colleagues and clients were also moving. So Adobe has intentionally created a lot of barriers to exit, and even if an amazing good open-source package came out today, it would struggle to gain traction. And even easier (though more expensive and less versatile) - Dropbox or Time Machine. There are some good questions, on there, but as you say, a lot of them read like "Front End Developer Trivial Pursuit". For example, bad questions: * How is responsive design different from adaptive design? - there's no formal definition of either. While it might prompt a discussion, it will probably just make the interviewee feel nervous, when you should be trying to get them to relax. * Why is it called a Ternary expression, what does the word "Ternary" indicate? That's an etymology question. It might be interesting, but it gives no indication as to whether the person is a good developer or not. * Explain how this works in JavaScript If you can do that effectively, you should probably be presenting and writing books on JavaScript. Good questions are about opening up a conversation with the person. Why do they want to be a front end developer in your company? What would they be like to work with? Are they looking to specialise in a particular area of front end development, do design + coding, or front end with back end? * If you could master one technology this year, what would it be? - I read that question last time I saw this link, and have used it a couple of times. It's nice because it tells you where someone wants to be. Think about how you'd react to answers like PHP, NodeCopter or SVG. * What excites or interests you about coding? - it's open ended. If the interview can only say "I dunno", that tells you they're either not very communicative or not very interested in front end development. * What tools do you use to test your code's performance? - I have worked with fantastic front end developers who were able to twist CSS and JS into doing anything, but the performance of their code was awful. They opened it in a browser, if it worked, they signed it off and left it for somebody else to speed it up. Depending on the role, that might be perfect, or you might be looking for the exact opposite. Either way, it's a good way of having that conversation with a prospective developer about what their opinion is. Used it as both an employer and job-seeker, and have been very happy on both sides. As an employer, application quality was fantastic - for 3 different technical roles, a majority of applicants in the final round of interviewing, and the eventual hires themselves, all came from Stack Overflow. Also, the cost was a lot lower. Typical cost from a recruitment agency would be around £3-5K for a junior developer, £5-10K for a mid-level developer. StackOverflow was £250. The results from StackOverflow were also better - the recruitment agency sent Java developers for JavaScript roles, and all those usual horror stories. The only advantage of the agencies was that they found more applicants, but typically, they sent more chaff than wheat. Sorry if it sounds like I work for the PR team, but if you're looking to hire I can't see the downside of advertising on StackOverflow. Like you, I've tried lots of different mail apps - Mailbox, Sparrow, Airmail. I've enjoyed using Thunderbird, Outlook, Mail. And I've used web interfaces for Gmail, Fastmail, Hotmail, etc. In the end, which email client I've used has barely made any difference. The key is in processing the emails - forwarding to Evernote for reference, adding to Omnifocus if it's a todo item, replying quickly if I can, or deleting if it's irrelevant. I found that extra features like tags and snooze just made me more disorganised, instead of less, as I spent more time fiddling with the features and wondering why something had gone wrong. Similar anecdote here. I live in the south east of England, just outside London. If I search for 'pizza restaurant' it shows me somewhere in the Phillipines. Searching for 'pharmacy' shows somewhere in LA. Although the link to which you have referred to here does say A/A testing is a waste of time, the OP article said the headline was a bit of a misnomer - they're actually referring to A/A/B testing. Agreed. Telling the world I'm online on WhatsApp is little more than telling them I've got a mobile phone. This proof of concept doesn't know who I'm talking with, what I'm saying, my location or any other personal information, so I don't really care. I'm a law-abiding middle-class white Western male, so I don't want to assume that my flippancy should be shared by everyone. So, who should be worried by what the OP is saying? The only law that doesn't get broken is that over a long-term period well-run companies tend to out-perform poorly run companies, although luck does play a big part as well. Yeah, though I was just being facetious. The point I take from the article is that the opinions of business bloggers are worth about how much we pay for them. I don't know, I can imagine quite a number of fresh programmers marching into a meeting room, believing they've solved all the company's problems with a pithy yet profound statement. I could argue (though don't really agree) that Andrus Nomm was a threat in the same way as Bernie Madoff. Neither was running around shooting people or starting fires. The same could be said for elderly war criminals. There are situations in which it is right to send people to prison without them posing an active and dangerous threat. Whether this in one of those situations is more arguable. Because it makes the issue seem like it's only a concern of angry and ignorant teenagers. While I for one would love for the current corporate capitalist model of society to be fundamentally restructured, it's not going to happen by making snide remarks on Hacker News. As I understood it from my very limited studies, there are five reasons for incarcerating somebody: retribution, deterrence, rehabilitation, incapacitation, and restorative justice. If somebody is judged by their peers to have broken the laws approved by their peers, then they receive the punishment deemed suitable by their peers. As I say, my knowledge of this comes from a brief college-level history about 20 years ago, so may be outdated, naive or just completely wrong. But I think in the case of Bernie Madoff, incarcerating him was justified to deter similar financial frauds in the future. I suspect (and judging by some of the comments on this page, it might have worked) locking up Andrus Nomm is an attempt to discourage programmers from working for firms like MegaUpload. I totally agree. Why shouldn't they be allowed to have any personality? At least they explicitly show "This is an error page". I agree. There really is no question that the folks working on MegaUpload knew that it would be used predominantly for illegally sharing copyrighted material. The questions are whether that should be illegal, what it means to do something in one country that's accessible but illegal in another, and how it should be punishable. As I see it, employees of Megaupload must have known the risks they were running, so we can't say it's unfair to punish them. We should be actively pushing for legal framework regarding the sharing of copyrighted material, instead of just whining about the punishment meted out to those who took advantage of the current chaos. Yeah, if Jakob Nielsen reviewed it, he would damn it to hell. But I'm happy that even on some big corporate sites, there's a glimmer of the wackiness of the early internet shining through instead of the pseudo-wackiness that seems to be the current trend. And Madoff received a prison sentence that was greater by an order of magnitude. Nomm got 1 year, Madoff got 150. Exactly. I believe in some science. The hard part is knowing which science is reputable, which is just a hidden agenda masquerading as science, and which is just pure ignorance. I have no formal science training, just read a few books. I keep up to date(ish) with the science sections in reputable magazines and newspapers (Guardian, Economist, etc). And I read web forums like Hacker News and Reddit. But short of reading everything and developing formal training in everything, how do I decide what's reputable? Whom do I trust? Someone with loads of internet points? Someone who has a well designed personal website? Someone with loads of shelf-space in my local bookshop? So, for example, with vaccines. I believe in vaccines, I have had my son vaccinated and would recommend to anybody else to do the same. But it's really based on blind faith because I would have no idea where to start if I want to establish the truth myself. I trust my local doctor, and he said we should get vaccines, but that's all I have to go on. Isn't that tautology? You should only believe in good science. How do I know what's good science? It's easy to believe in it. It's far more troubling to believe the Earth goes round the Sun when my daily experience of life suggests otherwise. I think what he's getting at is that to be a master programmer, you need to be master of something - and it doesn't really matter which language. If you are thinking of learning a new language, ask yourself why. Is it because it's going to make you a better programmer? Is it because all the cool kids down at the Club House are talking about it? Is it because you're stuck with a problem in a language, and instead of overcoming that problem, you're just jumping to a new language hoping that language won't have any problems? When you've really mastered one language, mastering a second one is much easier. Whereas if you learn the basics of one language, and then the basics of another, ad infinitum, you never really master anything. Compare to learning to play musical instruments. Who is the better musician - somebody that can play Chopsticks on 20 instruments, or somebody that can play Brahams but only on the piano? The first has a lot more to learn than the second. Finally, it's better to master a domain than a programming language. In the long run, it's more rewarding (personally and financially) to be the world's leading expert in, say, security in C++ than it is to be the world's 10,000th best developer in Ruby, Clojure, Go, etc. I went to a pretty good school in the 90s, but didn't go to university. I would say that they left me with the mental tools to realise that I couldn't evaluate science on my own. If I hadn't received any education, I might be more confident in believing any old rubbish. Instead, I hear the words of my science teachers talking about testable hypotheses. I believe that education has improved. My parents both quit school before the age of 16. My Mum was taught mostly how to sew, cook and use a typewriter. My Dad did well enough in science, but my grandparents couldn't afford for him to go to college after 16. When I hear the 'education has got worse' argument, I believe that the average pleb today doesn't receive as good an education as a rich joe 50 years ago, but overall the system is much better. Part of the problem is that we all live in echo chambers that tell us what we want to hear. If I believe that grass is blue, then I live in a neighbourhood of people that believe grass is blue, and all my friends are thus people who believe grass is blue. I watch news that says grass is blue. My Facebook and Twitter feeds frequently show updates that prove grass is blue, and rarely show anything to the contrary other than to scorn it. All these reasonable people that I love and trust all agree that grass is blue. I'm a reasonable person. So if I meet someone who says grass is not blue, my immediate assumption is that they're a wacko, unreasonable, not to be trusted. It kind of makes total sense. If you don't do this, you start questioning everything, and it's really stressful. You start to become 'that guy', nobody wants to spend time with you because you're so disagreeable, and you prevaricate on every decision. So you simplify the world by limiting your inputs to those that agree with you. For example, "Should I get my child vaccinated? I've read 3 books for, 3 against, asked doctors and health advisors I found on Google, and talked about it on multiple forums. Opinion seems divided. " vs "I know I should get my child vaccinated, because everyone on Hacker News says so." At some point, the answer is to have trusted in-person relationships. As I said, I believe in vaccinations because I know our doctor quite well. I know he's not a quack, and he says vaccinations are a good thing, and so I believe him. Similarly, if I want to get some good beef, I go to our local butcher who knows my name. I trust him not to sell me horsemeat, in a way that I don't trust a big supermarket chain. There's no way for me to guarantee that either the doctor or the butcher are right, but it feels a more certain way than trusting /r/cleverusername on Reddit. How do you sort the wheat from the chaff in a society of billions? I often recollect Aristotle's comment that "it is difficult - perhaps impossible – for a city that is too populous to be well managed". At some point, large societies seem to eat themselves, and the result is a lack of trust in everything around you. I believe there is a bot that monitors websites for changes, and whenever they change enough it posts randomly generated strings along the lines of: > The new design is terrible! Bring back the old one! Whether it recognises the irony that it also moaned about the 'old one' when that came out, I'm not sure. No, to be fair, I haven't. It's just tiresome how every single design change by any large website generates comments exactly like this. As somebody that has done a fair amount of usability testing, that much of why people think redesigns are unusable are simply because they were used to the old version and haven't yet spent much time with the new version. But if you show the new design and the old design to somebody that has used neither, they frequently prefer the new design. And over time, everybody kind of likes (or at least gets used to) the new design. That doesn't mean that all redesigns are necessarily good, or even that redesigns are necessary, but the kneejerk "it's unusable!!!!!" is so cliched. > I doubt they did any proper UX testing at all Really? The BBC didn't bother doing any UX testing on a redesign of their flagship website? Really? That point was added after I made the comment. I agree that it sounds very faddish, but that might be the whole point of the blog post - attracting talented developers. Manchester has an up and coming startup scene, which presumably the BBC is competing with in the hiring pool, and brandishing their hipster credentials may be one way of doing that. Looking at HTML, CSS, Ruby, Python, PHP, JavaScript, Perl... they're all losing popularity. http://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=php%2C%20ruby%2C%20cs... Looks like this internet thing was just a passing fad after all. EDIT: Even more interestingly, there is an inverse relationship between searches for PHP and pizza. What does this mean? http://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=php%2C%20pizza&cmpt=q... I'm 32 and I recently moved out of London when my wife and I had our first child. Although London has the best of everything, if you can't afford the best, you often get the worst. At least where we are now (Southend on Sea, in the Thames estuary) the public services are excellent, it's safe and there's a strong community. Few ordinary people live in 'inner London'. That's like the West End, the City. I imagine most people are moaning about Greater London - Shoreditch (where the "Silicon Roundabout" is based), Stratford (where the Olympics were, is part of the wider Tech City initiative), and other trendy neighbourhoods like Kensington, Camden, Fulham, etc. However, even Outer London (typically anywhere that's Zone 3-6 on the tube) is starting to become ridiculously expensive. Is that the mean or the median average? From what I know, there are a large number of people earning more than £250K, but a massive group that earns around £20-25K - supermarket workers, nurses, primary school teachers, etc. It's that latter group that simply can't afford to live in London in safe, comfortable environment. The original post from Dropbox says that they considered the pros and cons of a bunch of options, and they thought this was the best solution. I'm inclined to agree with them. You can have a good API design without following REST to the letter. Usability always trumps standards. Of course they do, but there are times when it makes more sense to deviate from them. It always comes down to why. If it's because some designer thinks it looks prettier that way, or because some inexperienced developer doesn't know any better, then it's a bad idea. But that's not the case here. Until messy human beings are replaced with perfectly rational robots, the recruitment process is always going to be an 'art'. Roles are often vaguely defined, because it depends on who is available. People lie, exaggerate and game the system in interviews. Neither side wants to reveal their weak points. Figuring out the underlying truth and matching the best available candidate to the best possible job description is not something algorithms are good at. Exactly. For many, many projects nowadays, the project does not require a 1024 executable because RAM is cheap. Making code that's really easy to work with is just as impressive as this. Many people are currently hugely insecure because they are too technically illiterate to know any better. Even if this solution is only slightly better than using "James1" as your password on everything, it's still better and more likely to be adopted, and as such would be an improvement. Ideally, we need systems which are both significantly more secure while still being extremely usable, but I'm not seeing any. Note that I'm saying they need to be more usable for the kind of person that doesn't understand the difference between Google, email, Facebook and the internet - NOT your average Hacker News reader. If you lose your phone, somebody would be able to log in to your email, although the problem is less serious in practice. It would require stealing the phone and then doing some nefarious activity with it before the phone and email account are blocked. I think saying it's a 'sad state' is a bit dramatic. An 'imperfect state' would be a better description. I've used the matrix function a lot, and am perfectly happy with how it renders across browsers. I would be happy if it was bug-free and easier to use, but it still gives me a lot more power than if it didn't exist. This is going to be a bit of a rant, but here goes. In the 2000s, the pace of development in browsers was glacial. You had the choice of using crazy browser hacks, or trying to do it with JavaScript, which often turned out to be slow. Waiting for bug fixes or new features was pointless. Since about 2011, the pace of change has been enormous. Concepts which we only dreamed about in 2005 - transitions, animation, flexbox - now have a spec and are even supported. OK, some of the implementations are buggy, but the alternative would be for browser vendors not to implement them in production until all the bugs were ironed out. I'm happy that the browser vendors release code that is largely working, despite the bugs. I have confidence that they will fix those bugs. If I'm happy to use the buggy implementation, I can. If I prefer to wait for a bug-free stable version, I can. The choice is mine. The sense of entitlement amongst many front end developers is immense. They contribute nothing to the development of either the standards or the browsers, and yet they moan when it takes more than a few months to introduce a completely bug-free, consistent browser implementation. I guess the summary of my rant is: if you want stability, use the old-fashioned JavaScript implementations. If you want cutting edge, be prepared to work around bugs. And if you don't contribute anything to the development of the browsers, be happy with whatever you're given. "Gene ancestry and the Irish problem" I'm confused. The title makes it sound like they're ending development, the post refers to the game in future, present and past tense... are they killing it off or not? Bit off-topic, but... it feels like there's a trend towards "x as a service" away from "x as open-source software". Is that something other people are seeing, or is it just my imagination? I would be very surprised if they killed it off, it's just that the title made me think that's what they were doing. Thanks to you and others for explaining why the title is as it is anyway. This kind of question comes up a lot, not just about Perl, but about Ruby, Cobol, PHP, Java, Haskell, etc. Unfortunately, it doesn't really have an answer for two reasons. Firstly, the popularity of a language in no way predicts your potential future earnings if you learn that language. PHP is probably the world's most widely used language, yet the average salary for a PHP developer is lower. I found learning VBA immensely useful, but it was a frustrating language to use. I love using Ruby and Python, but PHP work is much easier to find. Ruby taught me a lot about programming, so it was definitely worth learning. Secondly, developers are not good or bad because of the language they use, but because of the value they provide. You could be a shockingly bad developer, but excellent at explaining difficult concepts in VisualBasic to the rich and powerful - you'll probably get rich. Essentially, you need to reframe your question, and then answer it yourself. What are you hoping to get out of programming? Do you want to be rich? Do you enjoy solving problems? Are you happy to work every hour of the day, or do you want to get out at 5pm every night? Which areas of programming make you feel most comfortable - writing CRUD apps or complex algorithms? Do you have any types of company you would refuse to work for (say gambling or finance)? Are you an extrovert or an introvert? Do you prefer to work in a small company or a large corporate? These kinds of questions will narrow your choices and help you to choose a career path. So... you might learn Perl, which causes you to get a job you end up hating but introduces you to somebody that recommends you learn Haskell, which gets you the job you love for gazillions per year. In other words, how the $%&# should we know? > the consumer really buys buys psychological value I think that's what the author is saying - businesses don't buy printers thinking about how the printer will make their staff feel, whereas when people buy iPhones, how they feel is a big part of the decision. The idea that I can afford to buy an excellent user experience for myself is very much part of that status value. Apple has exploited those feelings so that its design value outweighs the economies of scale that can be achieved by modularisation. ...and it helped that Apple made 'iPods' (i.e. iPhones) that were compatible with Spotify, instead of just blocking them. That's exactly what the OP is saying - the way Apple constructed the App Store ending up obsoleting the iPod. I've seen loads of Google ads - on TV, in the press, and especially outdoor advertising. It's typically conceptual stuff, about security, privacy, etc. In addition, I get a lot of direct mail with vouchers for using AdWords. I remember a Land Rover advert being shown right next to a story about a fatality caused by a fault in the very model being advertised. I've also seen problems with, say, holidays to Paris being advertised next to a story about the Charlie Hebdo killings. The problem must be that the highest traffic stories are typically the most sensitive ones. Everyone has an email address. I know only three or four people who have even used IRC since 2000, typically for developers on open source product chat rooms like Drupal. Whatever the pros and cons of the technology, or the whys and wherefores of the reason for this lack of widespread use, it clearly has not been adopted by the mainstream. If the goal of a protocol is to be used widely, then clearly IRC has failed. Isn't this just same old same old? We have a fantastic independent coffee shop at the end of our road. When a major coffee chain opened a few doors down, I asked him if he was worried. His reply: "No. The kind of people that drink coffee in Starbucks don't pay for coffee in independent coffee shops.". It's the same here. Beats' target market is not people that love good quality headphones, but people that want fashionable headphones. You can see the same argument over cars, phones, clothes, luggage, etc. It's hardly new. Exactly. They both focus on design and marketing, on giving users more conspicuousness in their 'conspicuous consumption'. If you want people to know that you pay a lot for coffee, then coffee in a generic white cup is missing a key feature. Why is buying headphones based on their audio quality superior to buying headphones based on their aesthetics? And ties - what purpose do they serve other than social signals? Depends on the quality. A $300 silk tie sends a different signal to a $2 tie from a supermarket. Not necessarily if you're buying them as a fashion accessory, which is the whole point of the article. Beats saw a gap in the market, much as Apple did 10 years ago. > It will also pretty much get rid of privacy, since to get the cert you will need to provide someone with your detailed information. If you're using a self-signed certificate, you don't need to provide information to anyone. > Using self-signed certs will become harder. Why? I haven't given this much thought yet, but these don't sound like convincing arguments against the proposition. > From where can one get free certificates? e.g. https://www.startssl.com/?app=1 Also, if HTTPS became a requirement, then demand would increase for free HTTPS certificates in exchange for, say, advertising. So why not require HTTPS, and let a thousand "make HTTPS simple" startups bloom? Seems like we're saying "we should just accept insecurity because we can't think of an alternative". > cognitive dissonance Off-topic, but why can't people say "I'm not sure" or "I can see both sides of this argument". It's just an overused geek cliche. Their customer service is appalling, but you pay for what you get. The original point was that requiring HTTPS would mean free-to-host HTTP services would go out of business as it was impossible to provide free HTTPS certificates, and in that sense, StartSSL proves them wrong. The analogy doesn't hold. There's absolutely no value in all chopping off our hands, but there _is_ value in requiring all traffic to go over HTTPS. We can deprecate HTTPS for a decade without actually disabling it, and in the unlikely event that we _don't_ figure it out, we can undeprecate it some years later. It looks alright, but it took me quite a while to figure out why they were 'superpowered'. Seems like the main USP is that you get notified of price changes of products in which you are interested, but this is hidden behind scrolling and waiting. I only bothered to wait because I visited through here. Personally, I would add something like "Add products to your Amazon wishlist. We'll tell you when the price changes." underneath "Superpowered wishlists for Amazon". Takes too long to get to the point. Take a leaf out of Stripe's book, and make the first thing the user sees be the animated demo. Then let me add annotations to the Floattalk website so I can actually play with it. They really know their target market. People who would consider buying one are probably on high spec machines with big monitors, and really motivated by amazing design. It's also not an impulse buy, so call to action doesn't need to be so strong. Plus it's Apple, so need to do any "We are Apple, a computer manufacturer based in..." type stuff. If the average app-maker did landing pages like this, conversion rates would be appalling. Many of the responses are based purely on aesthetics, without taking context into account. What's the goal of the landing page? Who's the firm behind it? What type of product are they advertising? In general, when I arrive on a landing page, I'm thinking: * What does your product do? * Why would I want to get it? * How do I get it? Sometimes, I already know the answers to one or more of those questions when I arrive. In the case of Apple's Macbook Pro page ( http://www.apple.com/mac-pro/ ) I already know the answers to all three questions, so it's about generating desire when I look at it. In the case of Stripe, I want to know why I would use it over Paypal or building my own Gateway. In the case of http://www.getjustlanded.com/ , I need all of the answers when hitting the landing page (and it does a good job of answering them). > He was actually strongly opposed to the idea initially. Source? What changed his mind? Well given that you _have_ mentioned it, why don't you want anyone else to mention it? It's obviously relevant. All this pseudo-hipster "the web became a worse place when designers got involved" stuff really annoys me. Seriously, if all the web looked like this it would be more complicated to use for 99.9% of the world, so it would have remained a niche, so its overall usefulness would have remained limited. Instead, talented hard-working people put lots of effort into making the web look a much more friendly place. This has made the web a much more inclusive place, and thus, much more of the world has started to use it. RMS is a brand, and this 'zero design' is part of his brand. You already know who RMS is before you visit his site, and if you don't, you probably aren't part of his 'target market'. The jarring "Oh the CSS hasn't loaded" moment is precisely what he wants you to experience. The kind of people who visit his site know how to use reading mode on their browser, are comfortable adjusting the line width in whatever client they are using, so it doesn't matter. It doesn't mean that the rest of the web would be a in a better place if it had remained looking like this. It would have remained an obscure corner of the world where a group of geeks met, and so many of the benefits of the internet would never have transpired. I agree with what you're saying, to a point. If it hadn't become monetisable, then services like Youtube and Netflix etc, would never have taken off. I wouldn't have been able to convince family to use email. I would still need to stand in a queue on my lunchbreak to transfer money from my savings account to my current account. Instead, the web evolved, some people took advantage of that for their own ends, and we've ended up with a system which is better for most people, though a long way from being perfect for each individual group. That you didn't notice the lack of CSS is precisely why you need to see this from the point of view of a non-technical person. If my mother-in-law saw this page, she would probably call me screaming that her computer had broke or she had been hacked. I see what you mean, and re-reading my comment I was wrong to use such a cliche. What I was referring to is the 'everything 20 years ago was so much better' mentality. If I were to rewrite that sentence I would talk about nostalgia and a self-centred worldview. The web experience is optimised for the average user, who typically prioritises features over privacy, aesthetics over performance, and ability-to-use over ability-to-customise. Your priorities may be different, but you can run your own website which does meet your priorities, and even a search engine of websites of which you 'approve'. _THAT_ is the beauty of the web. I guess we need to establish what we're talking about here. All those one-page ThemeForest sites with their whizz-bang animations, parallax scrolling and gazillion custom fonts are not the kind of sites I am holding up as good examples. There is a happy medium between RMS and those sites, and you can see it on sites like Facebook, Google, BBC, Trello, Basecamp, etc. It's no coincidence that the most successful sites are all rather well-designed. If you walk into a cafe in the middle of London (or Mumbai or Rio de Janeiro) and showed three random users in a coffee shop, say, RMS's site and a BBC news page about an equally esoteric subject and asked them questions like: * What did you learn by reading this page? * What are your opinions of the author of this page? then they are more likely to have positive thoughts about the BBC page than about RMS, because they are more likely to struggle with parsing the information on RMS's site, and because the RMS site simply looks 'broken' when compared to the rest of the internet. > does not believe that there should be a trade-off between features and privacy (which is, in fact, correct) There _is_ a trade-off between features and privacy. If I don't implement analytics, my resources are less likely to be spent efficiently, resulting in fewer features. Implementing an alternative to Google Analytics will use resources, so that will come at the expense of a feature. True, if you ask a user "should there be a trade-off between features and privacy?" they will say "no". But if you look at user behaviour, the majority of people don't care enough about privacy to give up the features. That's why Google and Facebook can be enormously popular despite their privacy invasions. I agree with you, but it's not about what you prefer, or what I prefer. It's about what can be done. The great thing about the web is that we can have BOTH of these designs. If Jack prefers #1 and Alice prefers #2 then there's no problem as they can both co-exist. But if Jack starts saying design #2 is awful, so we should remove the ability of browsers to display that kinda stuff, then Alice has to use #1 and may well stop using the issue queue entirely. That doesn't seem like a good outcome. Let's optimise so that the maximum amount of utility can be had by the maximum number of people, instead of trying to push our own worldview on what the web should look like. I agree that the landing page needs some work to make it clear what the product does, and why I would want to pay for it. However I disagree that you must start by offering the service for free. By charging from day one, you can limit your user base only to those people who are prepared to pay for it. You're less likely to get explosive growth this way, but it's easier to keep the service running as you're not subsidising freeloaders. One of the assumptions in an MVP is that people are prepared to pay for the service, and you can only establish that by requiring people to part with cash as early as possible. > It has never stopped a single red handed bomber in all these years. I doubt that is true, although I haven't seen any evidence either way. I guess it stops people indirectly, as any would-be terrorist has to be more creative, and in so doing probably alerts security authorities in other ways. We all hate airport security, but without hard facts, it's very difficult to work out what you would use instead of TSA-style security. There are some successful business models that get massive funding, and go for explosive growth. These often work well for services that either have massive economies of scale (Amazon), or strong network effects (Facebook). But another business model is to grow slowly, focusing on profitability along the way, and this works well for businesses in a niche (Pingdom), with low network effects (Basecamp) or high marginal cost per user (Digital Ocean). If a business with high marginal costs per user and low network effects goes after explosive growth by subsidising users, they run the risk of running out of cash before the point they have enough profit to cover the subsidy. There are lots of exceptions - Spotify and Dropbox come to mind. But there are lots more forgotten startups that incorrectly thought "If we get eyeballs and engagement, the revenue will follow". To get terrorists to be more creative, you have to convince them that the TSA would notice so it's not worth trying to walk through security with a kalashnikov in your hand luggage. However, I accept your point that given the cost and inconvenience, it would be great if the TSA actually did notice. Sorry, I don't quite understand what you mean here. I understood the OP as saying that Edward Snowden (and people like him) justify their actions as being altruistic, for the greater good of society. If you give a financial incentive to someone to be a whistleblower, it no longer looks like altruism. Is there any data about how many people suffer from "crush syndrome" versus the "bystander effect"? I'd guess the latter causes more suffering. I saw a man die, so did a first aid course. The tutor was unequivocal that trying to help is pretty much always better than not trying to help. Partly because 'cookie' requires the latin alphabet, and the ability to pronounce those sounds (it's not as easy as you think). If you're trying to avoid dilution of your language, you may want to come up with your own localised words. Nope, British. But I'm interested in linguistics, and how English affects other languages and the communities that speak those languages. Personally, I think there are advantages and disadvantages. The big disadvantage is that small communities which have high social cohesion get squashed by the larger community, which leads to resentment and bitterness. In the UK, we see this with Scotland, Wales, Cornwall, Scouse, Geordie, the Black Country, etc. They have all been squashed by 'Estuary English' (although some are making a resurgence). Online communities (including StackOverflow and Hacker News) do much the same thing by putting rules in place about how people talk with each other. When people break those rules, we get upset, because we see those breaking the rules as 'outsiders' and a threat to the community. I believe that language can have much the same effect. When English comes in, it often results in people forgetting local mythology, songs, rituals, etc, as a result of forces like Hollywood and Simon Cowell. The community withers and is replaced by the great 'meh'. Use case: If you want to serve an entire site (i.e. the HTML as well as the assets) from CloudFront over https. Just because it will go out of date at some point, it doesn't mean it's not a useful resource today. I haven't read this particular book, so can't comment on whether or not it's any good, but in general whenever I want to learn a new language, I start by looking for a book. In the context of this article, from an end user perspective these are all solutions to the problem of sending money internationally. They may be very different technologies on the back end, but they all compete with each other on the front end. The original article doesn't really prove anything. Someone used to think Google's design was bad, and now thinks it's nice. Google did well before they got design, but they have probably widened their audience and increased conversion by getting design so increasing their profitability. Aesthetically pleasing design is neither necessary nor sufficient to be a successful, but it definitely helps. Looks really good. The landing page is well designed, and informative. I feel like I'm nitpicking, but it's not immediately obvious to me whether it's web-based or an app. The iPhone made me think it was an iOS app, and the screengrabs on the desktop don't have any kind of browser chrome. > This has only been tested in New York That's a very important point. The effect (if it were to be proved) could be reversed in the southern hemisphere, and completely absent in non-city environments. I'm plucking those hypotheses out of thin air, but it seems obvious that the risk goes up because of some underlying reason. Perhaps being born in New York in October increases the chance that you'll spend most of your first few months of life in a damp-infested flat without much natural light. Perhaps it's because of increased stressed levels at school associated with being one of the oldest in your peer group. Without knowing the underlying causes, this is just an interesting tidbit. I guess the OP means something more like "HTML makes it easy to make mistakes like ..." which is true. I believe English is not his native language. One person's 'political correctness' is another person's 'being respectful'. I have seen situations where a group of young white men make offensive jokes about girls "because there were no girls in the room". Be polite. Be nice. Be respectful. It would make the world a better place. That means thinking about whether something you are saying or doing is making other people uncomfortable, and then not doing it. I think it's John Rawls who suggested thinking about the world you want to be born into if you had no idea which gender or ethnic group or sexuality or body type you would be born as. It's a sad truth that I would not want to be born as a female with an interest in programming, and that makes me think there's a sexism problem in programming. Sure, there are baying mobs going around social networks who will attack just about anybody for anything. But there are also good people rightly calling people out for saying things that are totally unacceptable given their position. I live in the UK, so I have some experience of rain and using umbrellas. I like the idea of arriving home and not getting the floor soaking wet. However, most of the problems it describes are not problems I experience. My umbrella problems: * Walking in the wind - when it's blustery, I get blown all over the place. Even if the umbrella is strong enough to withstand the wind, it's difficult to walk with one. * I frequently lose my umbrella, which is why I wouldn't pay more than £5 for one. I often leave it on public transport or at someone's house. At work, people also have a tendency to 'borrow' my umbrella permanently. * If I'm walking anything more than a mile, holding an umbrella the whole way can be annoying, but I don't want to be an uber-nerd with an umbrella attached to my head. I want something that does the job of an umbrella for the price of an umbrella but looks like a hat or coat. Failing that, I'll stick with a £5 umbrella from the supermarket. Exactly. I've got "2.4 family" friends who live in Clapham and Walthamstow, earn about £60K between them and live comfortably. Would they like to have £500K salaries? Of course. Do they need them? Of course not. I wonder how the temperature compares to the Central Line between Bank and Tottenham Court Road during morning rush hour. Can you get a cheap thermometer that takes ambient temperature quickly? > Isn't the disadvantage of SPAs that you are unable to link to / share a specific piece of content? Actually, this is achievable with push states, so isn't a strong argument against single page apps. I think the problem with SPAs is that they exacerbate memory leaks, since they don't have the typical 'reset' of a browser page load to clear them. Also, a lot of SPAs re-implement browser functionality like scrollbars and the back button without proper cross-browser testing - let alone usability testing. Conceptually, there's nothing wrong with SPAs, but many of the implementations are shoddy at best with no clear advantage gained. Sometimes the issue is that somebody's merge request has been rejected, so not necessarily. So IAC now owns Match.com, Tinder, OKCupid, and PlentyofFish. Are there any competition concerns there? I only looked briefly, but couldn't see any market share figures. EDIT: and Chemistry.com, Meetic, and PeopleMedia. Agreed. My doctor said to me that a lot of people raving about standing desks in their 20s will have serious regrets about them in their 50s. He also said that being seated but moving around for a few minutes every hour was fine, which is a similar point to that made in the article - standing still for an hour is just as inactive as sitting still for an hour. I'm no health expert, so take what I say with a pinch of (low-sodium) salt. However, it does seem to me that the amount of calories you burn standing up for a few hours is not going to make much difference to your health. Actually, I thought the black and white were the real colours until somebody pointed it out. I really don't see the damage in releasing a sepia version of the picture. Why should I care that it's inaccurate? It's a postcard from the other end of the solar system. > You establish brand by making happy customers. That first requires a sale. In some cases, that may be right, but in general branding begins the first time someone interacts with your product (or even your industry). If I notice your business name on Google SERPS, I am engaging with your brand. I didn't really use NewRelic for 2 years after I first heard of it, but I did keep seeing them and speaking to them at events, reading blog posts, etc. Eventually, I signed up and paid for the product. What convinced me to do that was the branding work they did before I became a customer. Even for freemium products, the business builds a brand to encourage people to invest the effort into signing up. Even government services (e.g. in the UK - the BBC, the NHS) do branding work. Branding doesn't start at the point the customer enters their credit card. Lovemarks is a good read on branding - http://www.amazon.co.uk/Lovemarks-Effect-Winning-Consumer-Re... I agree with you. Being first (or even early) to market is obviously an advantage, but it's neither necessary nor sufficient for success, as countless examples show. "The second mouse gets the cheese." In a market with rapid growth and technological change, sometimes it can even damage your prospects. For example, MySpace found themselves dominating the market while it was still small, and for whatever reason, wasted the opportunity. Facebook learned from their mistakes and took control of the market MySpace had helped to create. Though, as always, your mileage may vary. Those costs have an awful lot of variables. It seems that Kotlin was adequate, which is why they chose it. With no idea of the project or the team working on it, I'll assume good faith that they were right. You had me until 'Nazi-like EU'. For all its faults, the EU is not a despotic regime killing millions of civilians just for being different. To compare one to the other is disingenuous. > They always say at the outset of the project that they won't need it, and they always change their mind a year in. I feel your pain. They don't want to pay for it until they need it, but when they do need it, they need it bad. They want you to implement it retroactively so all the changes made even before you implemented it are there. When I was in the position, the solution I came up with was to do a very quick and dirty version that logged all changes for every table to a text file. Then I charged separately to parse the text file into the auditable database. I was able to get away with this because the database was tiny. I'm also having issues connecting to buckets based in Ireland (eu-west-1). Just hangs at authentication stage. Tried from 3 different internet connections, all having the same problem. If price was the only determining factor in which device people buy, then Apple wouldn't be able to shift $2000 laptops when there are plenty of $250 options. The reality is a lot more complicated, and I suspect Apple will continue to do absolutely fine. It's journalism. It's not about accuracy or clarity, but the impression it makes on the reader. All those zeroes make a bigger impression. > “The gene changes in the children could only be attributed to Holocaust exposure in the parents,” said Yehuda. I don't know whether that quote is taken out of context, or is otherwise not representative of the people involved in this project, but that sentence makes me question the validity of the science involved. Clearly there are lots of possible explanations. Perhaps the genes were present anyway, and would have been passed on regardless of the parents' traumatic experiences. Perhaps being raised by parents who have been through a traumatic experience affected the children. Saying there is no other possible explanation doesn't sound very scientific. Chrome and Firefox both support user stylesheets, so you could do that. Actually, there's a lot of stuff in there that I'm going to find useful. The flexbox integration is great, and hopefully will lead to wider adoption of flexbox in general. Cards are something I've had to implement myself, and the core one looks much nicer. Perhaps it's not going to be useful for you, but for me, I'm grateful for all the work put in by those involved in this open source project. If you mean IE9, then no it doesn't. I'm not sure how it handles IE10. The opposite of Gyges's ring. If every fact of everybody's lives, everything you ever thought was public - would you behave more ethically? It's sort of like a panopticon where everybody guards everybody else. I downvoted you and will explain why. Very often there are trade-offs between security, usability, financial gain, and various other factors. If security and customer privacy should always win absolutely, then the easiest way to achieve that would be to disable the internet. The reality is that Google has decided that the damage to their bottom line (and the bottom line of the publishers who benefit financially from using their ad system) is greater than the likely damage of making this change. I can't say whether or not their right, but it's silly to pretend that Google simply said "Security or profit? Profit every time!". Saying it's "unarguably true" doesn't make it so. An asylum seeker is simply somebody who as applied for asylum in another country, but not yet been accepted. They may do so because they are persecuted in their home country, but the definition of persecuted is (necessarily) very loose. There is no definition of an 'economic migrant', and there is no easy way of categorising the people involved. I'm guessing that the whole point of this framework is that you can build internally-used webapps that feel like Office. So in that case, you would absolutely want your code to 'look like a template'. As I understood the article, they're not discouraging all full page interstitial ads, just the ones which tout the mobile app of the website itself on first screen load. This article, while interesting, is like reading a weather forecast that says "there might be a big storm at the end of the week, but there might not". The idea that the population can't keep on growing exponentially and using ever more resources has been around since ancient Greece at least. I'm sure that if we were able to look at long term economic stats for the last 2 millennia, there would be graphs that looked very similar to those in this article. Of course, one day the population and our use of resources has to stop growing, but I doubt we'll see it coming 100 years in advance. As somebody who uses Node only at the periphery of my role (for things like the Zombie browser, and SASS parsing) the massive instability has put me off from relying on it for anything core. Documentation is quickly out of date, libraries seem to have incompatibilities which only become obvious when they don't work, there's no 'recommended' approach for even basic tasks. I won't pretend I'm speaking for everyone, as clearly there are lots of people doing great things with Node. However, it doesn't seem to be a language like Ruby or Python where I would feel comfortable using it for a small but important project. I'm always grateful to everyone who works on open source projects, but I wouldn't hold Node up as a great example of the open source community. It promises a stable future, so let's say I'm being cautiously optimistic. I believe that Node can and will become more stable. It feels like it has too much momentum not to. But until it does achieve stability, it's difficult to use it for anything serious without investing a lot of time into it. Perhaps Go is a better comparison than Ruby and Python. You can have both. An 'officially recommended approach' does not preclude 1000 unofficial but working approaches. However, it does it make it a lot easier for someone dipping their toes in. With Node for core and basic problems, I find myself thinking "Should I follow this blog post written by a highly respected developer but which is a year old and therefore forever in Node-land, or this blog post written last week by a nobody?". I don't like thinking that way about production code I'm writing for clients, so I use languages where I don't have to think that way. You seemingly have much more experience with Node than me. Perhaps my amateur anecdotes are just bad luck, but certainly my Bash scripts that talk to Node break frequently. I meant stability not in the sense of 'frequently crashing', in the sense of the API and 'how things work' remaining the same over time. Anything. I'm a pragmatic developer who just wants solutions that help me pay the bills. It's precisely for that reason that Node has been a problem for me - it's caused much more than its fair share of headaches, when compared to Ruby, Python, PHP, Bash, Go. Perhaps using a framework would make things easier, but I'm reticent to rely on it in the main part of the project when it causes so many problems just in the small parts. > Isn't that true for many platforms? I would say that the ROI is lower for time spent learning Node. I've found that with all the other languages I've learnt, in a couple of days I've been able to build something useful, leave it running in production and reuse skills learned a year later. With Node, even the name of the language is not stable! A few weeks back I went to install Zombie, and now I have to install iojs and not Node. Assumedly it's now Node again. If you live and breathe the language, subscribe to the mailing lists, go to the meetups, etc, these things might be obvious. But when you're just dipping in and out, it really dents your confidence in the language. I'm not 'shitting all over Node'. I do use it for certain applications, and would love to use it more because it is a fantastic solution for some problems. As a back-end for websockets it's in a league of its own, and 'Isomorphic JavaScript' is very exciting if you ever need to hire developers. I am using this discussion as a means of saying "here's what I think Node needs to get more people using it in production". My opinion is that they need to do more work on stability of the API, and improve documentation, to win over us enterprise types who value long-term stability over short-term features. Sure. There was the decision a couple of years back to stop using self signed certificates. I spent a couple of hours wondering why a server I was running that compiled SASS on deployment suddenly stopped working, and it turned out to have been this. A more recent example comes from Zombie, which I use for functional testing. When they moved to v3, they required io.js instead of Node. So eventually I decided to go with Zombie 3 and moved to io.js, but then another library broke which required Node instead of io.js. They're the two big ones that stand out, but there have been lots of other small annoyances. > Your latter paragraph seems a bit fuddy as people 'just dipping in and out' would never have to have contended with the iojs 'name' any more than Python/Ruby/PHP people have to switch to a different VM every time one is announced (e.g. PyPy/Rubinius/Hack). One of my main use cases for Node is Zombie, and that required io.js after v3. No mainstream PHP, Ruby or Python application has required a different interpreter. It's not absurd to say "I'd like to use Node because of its performance and because it's easier to hire for, but only if it were more stable and had better documentation". As somebody who has to consider trade-offs between short-term and long-term costs for clients, these are very real problems for me. True enough, but they didn't tell anyone they'd done it for hours after they pushed out the changes. A notice on the terminal after the update should have been possible, or at least a big message on the homepage. But nothing - only an angry GitHub issues queue with random suggested causes and fixes. I agree that it's possible to build successful Node apps, but of all the languages I use, it's the most difficult to keep up to date with and most likely to cause problems. If you're reading the mailing lists, going to meetups, etc, these things might not seem like huge issues. But if you're just trying to run a small Node project as one amongst many bits of software in many languages, Node causes a disproportionate number of problems. I've given a couple of examples below - Zombie switching to io.js, and the whole self-signed certificate debacle from a couple of years ago. Not a list as such, but the TechCrunch deadpool[1] maybe? [1] http://techcrunch.com/tag/deadpool/ They are both technical, but 'order by bytes desc' has got to be more expressive than 'sort -nr'. It's almost natural human English, whereas the latter doesn't express anything. That said, I don't know how much time it would genuinely save. As with most of these tools, you shouldn't be installing them on production servers, so you still have to know Bash anyway. Whenever you see "we" in a title, it doesn't mean the author believes every single member of the human race feels that way. They're just saying "a lot of people feel that way". Many people do sympathise with the mob - my grandmother is very nostalgic about when the Krays dominated London, and talks about it as a time when there no paedophiles or drug users. I actually quite like the question. As somebody who has done some hiring, if you've got past the CV perusal stage then it means I think you're probably good enough and I want to hire you. Trouble is, there are 5 candidates and only 1 position. So I have to come up with a way to kick your tyres, and try to figure out what you're like to work with. What do you love and hate? What kind of person are you? You might prefer me to ask more transparent and common questions, but how will I know you are not just giving rehearsed answers from a book? So I ask questions that are a bit more oblique and original, designed to raise genuine discussion. How do you answer them? Be honest! It's not an excuse for me to get rid of you, because I really want to hire you so I can end the extremely dull hiring process and get back to my day job. I'm looking for how you answer the question, not the exact words, but whether you clam up, tell a joke, go on a long-winded story, get all excited, or whatever it is that you do. > The "wiseguy" in me would say: "That's a trick question, my ideal job takes Mondays off." So say it. If your future boss loves someone with a quick sense of humour, they might laugh and give you a bonus point. So the OP's answer was "On Monday, I start getting paid $150K per year to work on new widgets for my toy open source GUI library, that nothing uses other than the demo calculator, text pad and mini paint program." - The question said "you're on your dream salary", but you've specifically said what that salary is, so I know that money is at least a thing for you (maybe in a good or bad way, but something for me to explore with you) - Open source is important for you. - You haven't mentioned working with other people, so you're an "individual contributor". - You say "nothing else uses it" so you're not particularly motivated by fame and success, more by achieving things on your own terms. If I was hiring somebody to work on some obscure but necessary library we needed built but could open-source, you might be perfect. On the other hand, if you were applying for a managerial role your answer would raise some flags. And that's the whole point - I'm trying to figure out whether you're a good fit for this role. If you gave me an optimised answer where your dream job exactly matched the job spec you're applying for, it would indicate you're either trying to convince me to give you the job by being a least a little bit dishonest (not necessarily a bad thing - perhaps if this job involves sales), or you genuinely are a great match for this role. Either way, I'm not going to hire or fire you based solely on your answer to this question. It's just a lever to get you talking about yourself. So give the answer that feels comfortable for you to give. That's good feedback, and I'll think about a way of prefacing these open-ended questions with an explanation. Probably a bit of selection bias. Conservative companies are more likely to use Java, and less likely to offer remote working. You joke, but there are lots of Node devs using websockets in simple CRUD interfaces simply because "HTTP is too slow". To the universe you are nothing. To history you are probably nothing. But to a small number of people you can be everything. Not necessarily. Newspapers have been doing this for years, and (the quality ones at least) frequently show letters that disagree and point out errors. If vice.com wanted to show only comments that agreed with them, they could do that already. I personally doubt that 90% of dissenting comments are deleted by site owners purely because they are dissenting. Go to any article on the BBC, Economist, Daily Mail, Guardian, etc, and the majority of comments seem to disagree with the author. Perhaps comments are being deleted for not being respectful, because they're considered spammy, or for some other reason. Thanks - a well-written article with some really helpful pointers. Uber can only exist in a society with a detailed and rigorously applied legal code, decent transport infrastructure, and wealthy citizens. I'm sure there are more requirements. As Uber benefits from public spending on these things, they should also contribute to their upkeep. I agree. Every verse in the New Testament has to be viewed through the lens of Mark 12:30-31. > Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind and with all your strength. The second is this: 'Love your neighbor as yourself.' There is no commandment greater than these.