Completely agreed. Why would there be either an elimination or explosion of either sex-trafficing or child sex exploitation if prostitution is brought into the fold of legitimate commerce? Sewing shirts is legal, yet we still have sweatshops in America full of immigrants with limited communication skills and limited options forced into labor with illegally low compensation and dangerous working conditions. The more secure and more knowledgeable will always be in a position to exploit the less secure and the less knowledgeable. This is the basic operation of capitalism. I think the question is do we ban manufacturing or agriculture because of the exploitation rife in both industries? Or do we set minimum standards as a society for the treatment and compensation of labor and the ability of minors to consent to labor, and treat violations of those standards as criminal behavior to be punished? Why is sex so special that we can't find a standard to apply? I think you'd see quite different figures if Figure 4 had been controlled by parental income (or even by total blue book value of parental household automobiles.) I always find it troubling when people find two events co-occurring and assume it's a causal relationship, particularly when both things are clearly possibly related to class. The title is a unbelievable deceptive because, unless I missed something, all of these experiments were done on completely unregulated toy markets. I would be curious about what would happen if, instead of rewarding people directly with the returns on their trades and their dividends, you gave them a baseline salary that they can never go under, then gave them a bonus based on a percentage the gained market value of their holdings during any particular round, but ended their game if they ranked below 50% of the other players for two rounds in a row then gave them severance equal to five times their baseline salary plus their average bonus per round over the entire game. In short, I'd be interested in how far fiduciary investment bubbles would deviate from the bubbles produced by direct investors in these same safe markets, and whether changing any of the variables above could bring them closer together. Wow, my first sentence was made incoherent by backediting: "The title is unbelievably deceptive because..." In my experience(YMMV) with trying to use BPMN to make inroads into automating workflows at a small financial authority, I had to reduce it to an extremely small subset even just to get business stakeholders to look at the models. The only ones who were assigned to actually help me create the models were the most-spareable, least-knowledgeable people in the organization who pretty much only used a subset reduced to ANDs, ORs, and XORs, and after months, still didn't consistently understand the difference between ORs and XORs. The ability (or even the earnest attempt) to use the symbols correctly had absolutely no relation to the enthusiasm any individual showed towards using heavily marketed tools promising automated execution. So basically, I was assigned the least knowledgeable people to work on models, and I had to spend an order of magnitude more time redoing their work than they spent doing it. In the end we had a big beautiful graph that no one could verify was accurate in any way except me by describing sections in plain English during the 20 minute meetings I could sometimes wrangle out of the people who knew the business side well enough to give me a plain English answer that was interpreted by me and added to the giant unverifiable graph. Really a horrible experience all around. And at the beginning of the project, I really thought BPMN looked nice. Of course, I looked at it like a programmer:) I hope that I'm long dead before the time comes when society is wondering why it was once acceptable to tolerate free association between employees and to not let people starve who aren't working. I at least hope I have enough kids to support me once society has horribly failed in that way. This isn't really an answer to your question, but I'd pick one of those large codebases and read through it until you understand everything that's going on in it. Not only will your coding skills increase to the point that you're more confident and not completely intimidated by the other contributors, but multiple places to contribute will become clear. We need drunk carry laws just like we need drunk driving laws. I'm as pro concealed carry as you can get, but I don't even like it when a drunk has a butterknife. >Violence does not solve social problems. This is a straw man. Violence can help with social problems sometimes, which is why we have policemen. >Forcing people to feed unemployed people is violent. Agreed. >A future without forced "charity" does not mean people are left to starve. Completely false. In a future _with_ forced charity, there will exist people left to starve because of difficulties in execution, distribution, public will, or a general lack of resources. Leaving this entirely to the discretion of individuals will destroy equality of protection, creating a patchwork (which will likely largely exclude historically discriminated against groups), and will tend to work against economies of scale. Makes sense. For me it was important to pick something that I regularly used. Picking a smaller project will make it easier to mentally decompose, but you'll also get a leg up on a larger one if you're really familiar with the endpoints. Of course, you can do both:) >if they don't take it out of the holster, there isn't even an issue here. Somewhat true. But if you're not prepared to take it out of the holster, why even bring it? And the reason I say "somewhat true" is because somebody can take that gun out of a drunk's holster. I don't think that it's unreasonable to require that people be somewhat sober when holding a gun in public simply because it may diminish their capacity to _defend_ that gun. P2P search and p2p social networking. If you've already got p2p media sharing and streaming and bidirectional chatting and talking, you've pretty much remade the internet. You've pretty much remade all conventional media too. I'm surprised that no one has mentioned Rubberhose Deniable Encryption by Julian Assange of Wikileaks fame. That's the entire concept. Page: http://iq.org/~proff/rubberhose.org/ Description: http://iq.org/~proff/rubberhose.org/current/src/doc/maruguid... Very stale. He moved on to other things:) But the code is available. I would absolutely pay for this. I'm a hypochondriac and think that I'm just about to die for a different reason every day, and have a fear that some people that I keep in contact with on the internet simply won't know until years after the fact. The company would have to be extremely trustworthy to get my passwords though, and that'll be a tough hurdle. The key to distinguishing yourself would be a great UI with sensible (well researched) defaults and offers of form letters. But $10-$20 bucks a year? Done. I'm not putting facebook crap in my will. He's right, and it shouldn't. That's what governments and collective decision-making are for. Private individuals shouldn't be depended on to do anything but further their own interests, even in the charity sphere. They spend money for PR purposes, to strengthen personal connections, or simply because they enjoy the environment it puts them in. The major cause of misery in the world is the lust for power and influence over other people, and money epitomises that. What people need is security in employment and compensation, and protection against unavoidable risk, like fire and sickness. Without exploiting the weakness and insecurity of workers, you can't really amass the kind of cash this guy has, so I'm not sure about the quality of the jobs he's creating if he can skim that much value off of the top. The profit margin on fairness is a lot lower than the profit margin on slave wages, monopoly, and legislative arbitrage. That's not to say that he couldn't, though. If he created a lot of good jobs for people with fair wages, and charged fair prices, that's a massive good and can't be denied. He won't, though, because when things are done fairly, there's not a lot of profit to be made. Sorry, rant over:) I'm so glad you didn't mention purple. Everybody always says purple. I think it has to do with the people eater. There's no real definition of middle class, and when one is usually offered, such as $70,000, it's a higher income than 95% of the people in the world. So if the question is whether you would choose to be wealthier than 99.9% of people in the world in 1900, or wealthier than 95% of the people in the world in 2010, I'd say it was a sickeningly decadent question. But, I'd also say that the lifespan gains between 1900 and now are overstated due to a drastic reduction in infant and child mortality, plays and live music are nicer than video and audio recordings, and instant long-distance communication hasn't significantly improved the quality of my life, just alienated me from my neighbors. The math and intellectual culture was just as interesting then as it is now, if not more, and PR was just a twinkle in Mr. Bernays' eye, so I'd be able to avoid the advertising saturation of modern culture. With the addition of being able to replace any device with an actual person or team of people, there's no doubt to me that life would be better as a rich person in 1900. Just avoid nails. Politicians shouldn't be depended on to do anything but further their own interests. That's why we introduced democracy, in order to get their interests as closely aligned to the public interest as possible. Nobles are a different story altogether. >Utterly unfounded. Counterexamples that come immediately to mind are Steve Jobs and Larry Page and Sergey Brin. I'm not sure how your personal idols refute my ideas of fairness. I disagree that the two are mutually exclusive, yes. My hypothesis: This is just another indication that stock market speculation prices spend most of the time almost completely decoupled from the value of the underlying assets. Eventually there is some triggering event, lets just call it a Lehmanbrovent, when some massively leveraged party can't pay off a creditor, and the effect cascades through the market bringing it back to a real valuation. We call this state a "catastrophe." The decoupled state we refer to as a "healthy market." A good way to test it would be to see whether the accuracy of the twitter indicator varies based on types of market activities, such as: does it completely fail on crashes, but always predict run-ups? I can see exactly why they would think it was okay. What they were trying to do was to figure out whether twitter moods could predict the unpredictable random movements of the market, rather than the outside edges of the bell curve when anyone could have predicted what would happen, and where the market moves might even be seen as a cause of the twitter moods rather than a result, or a co-result of some other process. Basically, it's the hardest place to test the correlation. Since they got great results, it'll be interesting to see them extend the analysis and see if any interesting dynamics show up. If the markets were actually science rather than the decision making of a few huge players - if the HFT algo writers take this research seriously, I bet it'd work for at least a day or two. I think the important question is what if you _do_ want to share that info, and other people are interested in hearing it, why aren't we talking about it? BTW, I'm always willing to share, and the result is usually that people are eager to share with me (to varying degrees of precision, of course.) I don't have any issue with it because I never confuse my salary with my worth as a person. It's my worth to the company commingled with my ability to negotiate. When workers share salary information with each other, it smooths the last part out. I'm not going to stop doing it until competing companies are required not to disclose the prices of their products to each other - and I see difficulties in the implementation of that:) It really does. It's as if I was paying UPS to pick up my packages, but it only delivered 2/3 of them. I wouldn't be wracking my brain very long to come up with the same solution. My guess is that the problem was that there were no incentives for politicians to think of this as a problem, and seeing as it survived a "scandal," probably some incentives not to care. I'd like to know who was getting the contracts, and who their connections were. I also wonder if there was some faction screaming about not imposing crushing regulation on the noble businessmen who were providing a crucial and critical function to protect our civilization, and if they overlapped with the connections:) EDIT: Also, this is a simple matter of paying for what you want. If you want people to get rid of the prisoners, pay them to haul them away. If you want prisoners delivered somewhere, pay them for what they deliver . The estate is very litigious. Maybe try "Hendrux." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Corps_v_Apple_Computer I think you're underestimating the attraction of drug dealing as an occupation. Its profit vs. risk ratio is a lot higher than kidnapping. The scientists made the film, too, so there's probably a less interesting explanation. An even better headline would be "A third of Milgram’s subjects told him to take a hike, hallelujah." It would have the benefit of being true. That's not more accurate. Tuition fees are fees introduced to supplement taxpayer support. If they are never introduced, it is bizarre to say that taxpayers are paying them. I have no opinion about whether tuition fees in Scotland are warranted or not, I'm just saying that it's incoherent to say that tuition fees are being paid by the taxpayer after an announcement that tuition fees will not be introduced in Scotland. Hypothetically, assume that there were already tuition fees in Scotland (without equivocating between fees paid from "relevant Government department(s)" and tuition fees) and that the government had just announced that they would not be increasing the tuition fee. Would it be more accurate to say "Scotland says tuition fee increase to be met by taxpayers, not individual students."? Saying that recent increases in the costs of higher education will not be shifted from the taxpayer to the individual student in Scotland would be fair. Saying the taxpayers are supplementing themselves is nonsensical. I'm confused about what you mean here. Are you saying that no individual can net a positive return from any endeavor? Also, there's no reason to assume that a tuition fee would lower the obligations of the taxpayer in any way. Money is fungible. Neither side of the debate is questioning that university education will be paid for by the taxpayer. Isn't that the basic design philosophy of the iPhone? They seem to have done well. Would it seem right that the mold for casting a tin soldier would have the same detail as the tin soldier cast? Fred Hampton was referred to by government officials at the time far more often as a criminal or as a terrorist than as a civil rights worker. Qt. That way you get Symbian, Maemo, Meego, and Linux tablets, like the Shogo (embedded applications, like the QooQ on that have been pretty successful.) Qt for Android, Windows, and iPhone seem to be coming along, albeit slowly. I've been thinking about it for years. The only problem is that most programmers seem to be status quo capitalists bordering on libertarian. It might be easier to teach hippies to program than programmers not to be aspirational yuppie SWPLs. A couple of cults have gotten by on programming and/or web design, Aum Shinrikyo and Heaven's Gate come to mind. In communes, you don't really do your own thing. I think you're talking about an apartment building where a lot of hackers live that has a hacking room instead of a gym. Or possibly efficiency apartments. Maybe you meant "common kitchen" rather than commune? Like a dorm? A hostel is just like a hotel, except you usually don't get a room (unless you're willing to pony up an extra $20.) You're just looking for a cheap place to stay, but you don't want it to be scary. Hostels generally are not scary at all, and are filled with mostly pleasant foreigners. They used to have rules that require that you have ID proving that you don't live in the town that you're hostelling in, though; don't know if that's changed at all. The wrong jobs still have to be done by someone though. When you're talking about an entire system, you can't shift everybody out of a class of work as a solution or your dishes won't get washed. It'd be nice if you could fit an argument or non-vacuous statement between your insults, defiance, and vague innuendo. Things to try: 1) This idea is dumb because... 2) This idea is dangerous because... 3) Welfare leads to... You're confining gambling only to casino games or games with vigs ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vigorish ). Under your definition, when I play cards with my friends for money, I'm not gambling because my expected return is zero. Actually, judging by my known skills in any particular game vs. my partner's skills, what I'd be doing would be varying nightly. What you're saying seems to be a useful distinction, though, but I'd say it's the difference between "risk entertainment" or something else and investment, rather than gambling and investment, because it's all gambling. I've always thought that a diagnosis of ADD was mostly a diagnosis that a person wouldn't concentrate on what the person dispensing the drugs wanted them to concentrate on. Looking at the criteria for diagnosis, I could have been easily categorised as ADD when I was a child, yet I've never had a problem concentrating. I just wasn't interested in school or schoolwork. In college, when I suddenly had more control over my personal curriculum, I did great. More specifically, Michael Chertoff isn't a puppy breeder. Seriously. The man has no fear of police, just connected people. That by itself just makes the country that it happens in look bad, even if there was no such thing as an internet. This could have been a story about him gaming the Yellow Pages by getting 18 phone numbers and 18 business names in 18 sections, each name prefixed with 18 'a's. All the internet assures is that his customers will get the product home before checking it for quality, and that the customers are less likely to be local - but that doesn't seem to intimidate him in the least. Not that the story doesn't highlight a serious flaw in google's search, but that's the least of the story for me. If the government was making calls to message boards, asking them to remove my comments, I might be suspicious that my free speech rights are being infringed upon. I might suspect this even before I hear that the government is lobbying for those specific bulletin boards being excluded from pending Russian regulation. I agree, but to go off topic a bit: judging by some of the responses to your comment, people seem to think that one of the criteria that an act has to meet in order to be legitimate civil disobedience is that it is followed by a passive acceptance of government punishment. Of course this is tautologically true depending on one's personal definition of civil disobedience, no true Scotsman and such, but would exclude a lot of history, such as the Underground Railroad. The article did have a nice quote directed at that point of view, though: "There may be many times when protestors choose to go to jail, as a way of continuing their protest, as a way of reminding their countrymen of injustice. But that is different than the notion that they must go to jail as part of a rule connected with civil disobedience. The key point is that the spirit of protest should be maintained all the way, whether it is done by remaining in jail, or by evading it. To accept jail penitently as an accession to 'the rules' is to switch suddenly to a spirit of subservience, to demean the seriousness of the protest...In particular, the neo-conservative insistence on a guilty plea should be eliminated." --Paul Flowers I can't seem to pick out the argument that you're making here, other than that it begins with an assertion that no one who "really" understands economics can dispute it. I'm going to guess out loud at it, and hopefully somebody will jump in and help me. 1) In the case of goods or services with minimal marginal costs and large fixed costs in proportion to total costs, you are expected to pay for them. 2) If you don't pay for them you are breaking the law. Therefore, the argument that if marginal cost is zero on some digital good, then [something number 1] isn't stealing is completely irrelevant to [something number 2]. I'm sure that "something number 1" (referred to as "it") is related to free riding, due to a shared metaphor, and I'm going to assume that it is "a use of that good or service without paying," again due to the metaphor, where a single person took a single train ride without paying. Does "something number 2" = "whether a use of that good or service is illegal or not"? Because that seems to me to be setting up as a straw man a question that no one is asking, then begging the question with an answer that is identical to your second premise. From my few experiences at open source software programmery events over the past few years, I'd disagree. Always seems that a little fewer than half of attendees have macs in front of them. I explain part of it to myself by noticing that the numbers skew even higher than half when it's something 'webby,' and attributing that to the closeness to graphic design-media-marketing types. With other systems programmer types, I still see plenty of macs, but I blame that on the fact that those programmers are spending all of their important time on the server and some don't feel like futzing around on their laptop with a more fiddly OS like Linux or Windows. The only thing that all programmers seem to like to fiddle with endlessly is IDEs and text editors, and there seem to plenty of mac options for that. Just prove it, and stop criticising the reaction that you've decided that everyone would have if you did. Wikileaks' reputation is impeccable: it does what it says on the package, and has been the source for nearly uncountable major newspaper articles over the past few years because of the complete accuracy of its information. The NYT had Judith Miller. Everybody's gay for Bridget. And Linetrap. My guess on why you're being downvoted is because this very long comment starts with the sentence: "It seems to me that Greenwald is assuming his own conclusion here, that the chat logs provide evidence of Manning's innocence." I don't remember Greenwald ever claiming or even giving off a vibe that he didn't think that Manning was the leaker; this is a media critique, like most of his work. Doesn't bode well for the next 1400 words. Yes. I saw a great film that came out this year called Kapitalism: Our Improved Formula that paints an really dire picture of the current state of Romanian corruption, and if any country has had a public uprising against the state of their government, Romania qualifies. Thanks for this, I had no idea. Do you have any more information about this, or links? The movie had an interview with a Jerry Springer style talk show host guy, and his take on it was that most of the people who took to the streets during the revolution left the country when they realised that in the new capitalism would be owned by the old ex-Securitate(sp?) types. The people who were left were the fearful keep-your-head-down types that watched everything on tv, the people from the countryside who wouldn't even have good enough roads to make it to a protest, and the people who weren't that dissatisfied with the way it was. So basically, he said that the culture of protest got a train ticket and left. The child doing the hating has lost already, they didn't lose because they hated after the fact. They're children growing up in one of the most neglected public school systems in the country in one of the most segregated cities in the country. When I was growing up there, I feared and hated white people too, because my only experiences of them were negative ones. Sitting in that horribly overcrowded, neglected school with my decade old books faced with a teacher who would have much rather taught at the private school his/her kids went to, and who thought that my motivations were as simple as jealousy over his jeans wasn't an easy situation for a kid, and probably still isn't. And why exactly would you ascribe a trait or "trend" that you notice in Guelo to the "less well off"? Do you have to be poor to be against bribery - or, rather - tipping for special treatment? Is the only possible motivation to be against the corrupt administration of services jealousy? These are not rhetorical questions. That's not trading money for favors, that's employing someone. If you give 100 bucks to the teacher to ignore the fact that you don't do your homework, that's trading money for favors. Did you read that article and decide that people are getting off due to questionable statistics? As far as I can tell, the article is about calculating the probability of random people matching a particular DNA sample, not about excluding people, which is a lot easier. "This week we show how, even when analysts agree that someone could be a match for a piece of DNA evidence, the statistical weight assigned to that match can vary enormously." This seems to be the author's opinion about what the article is about. It does, and when it speaks, it speaks of different statistical methods for calculating the probability of a random match to partial DNA samples. edit: BTW, it's a very interesting article - thanks for pointing it out. That's a false dichotomy. If you're dealing with somebody new, you shouldn't assume they're out to get you. If you're dealing with everybody, you should assume somebody's trying to get you. It's a false dichotomy to say that if they've seen airplanes in the sky, we might as well airdrop xboxes. I may be misreading you. But the "coordinators" drift in and out, too. [04:15] Penny: What i am saying is that someone residing on your network attacked one of my boxes [...] [04:16] OK how do I know who is on my comcast network? [04:16] lol [04:16] omg that is precious I think colanderman is talking about the CEO of HBGary Federal, Aaron, and not Penny, the CEO of HBGary Inc. I feel that these results only transform into "politically incorrect truth" when observed through a racist lens. African-Americans also seem to have an aptitude for terrible cancer outcomes, living in food deserts, low school district funding, and higher mortgage interest rates. The Latin American countries that Hispanic-Americans were compared to, and the Sub-Saharan African countries that African-Americans were imagined to have been compared to each seem to have national aptitudes for harsh Western colonialism followed up by dictators installed and supported by Western powers, with all of their wealth filtered through tiny elites and directed back to the West. I don't have anything against the idea of different concentrations of intelligence distributing amongst different groups of people just like heights or colorations do. The experiment just hasn't been done, and may not be possible. The idea that you could compare the test results of African-Americans and European-Americans and come up with a complete enough set of controls to discover some sort of distribution of intrinsic aptitude is absurd; you have to settle for parental income and educational attainment and ignore the fact that the two groups are facing a radically different environment filled with pervasive beliefs about their potential which are often based on race , and are easily visually distinguishable. For example, you also find correlations between attractiveness or height and intelligence - and similarly, IMO, misguided theorists postulating some sort of Eloi superiority while ignoring any possible effect of the discrimination that unattractive or short people face, even with multiple studies verifying the Pygmalion Effect (the effect that instructor expectations have on student performance) such as: Pygmalion in the Classroom (Rosenthal and Jacobson, 1968) http://www.springerlink.com/content/9u01hn7865v7387r/ or Pygmalion goes to boot camp: Expectancy, leadership, and trainee performance (Eden and Shani, 1982) http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/B6WY3-4NNF8B3-D... Said simply, the cultural environment is simply too messy to jump to conclusions about intrinsic ability distributions about disadvantaged groups, and the temptation has always been irresistible for some to use unsurprising statistics to confirm previously held biases. He didn't demonize Malcolm X, he simply ignored your random introduction of him into the discussion, and he didn't demonize Steve Sailer, just accused him of having an agenda and as evidence made an observation that Sailer had different explanations for the lower performance of Europeans in Austria as opposed to ethnic minorities in the US. You, however, accused him of being intentionally obtuse then compared him to a young earth creationist. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qt_%28framework%29#Bindings The president of the Author's Guild, Scott Turow, is part of the film industry. It's also 'disrespectful' (I'm anthropomorphising wildly) to a lot of animals. Try staring a dominant dog in the eye and see what it gets you. The basis of reality. Scott Turow is a famous author who has had multiple books made into successful movies. More people that I know of use Python and PyQt to program for the N900 than C++. You said: >The bolt-cutter quote comes from the president of the Author's Guild, not part of the film industry. I said: >The president of the Author's Guild, Scott Turow, is part of the film industry. You said: >On what basis do you make that claim? I said: >Scott Turow is a famous author who has had multiple books made into successful movies. Now you have attributed to me an argument that: >If a person's novel is adapted into a film that [...] mean[s] that every subsequent thing they say can be sensibly attributed to "the film industry". I would submit that although I am a programmer, every subsequent thing that I say shouldn't be attributed to "the programming industry," but that it would be reasonable to attribute every subsequent thing that I say to "a member (or an ex-member) of the programming industry." As the only reason that I commented was because of your statement that the president of the Author's Guild was not a part of the film industry, unless you dispute that a person who has a novel adapted into a film is part of the film industry, I'm not exactly sure what we're still talking about. Being a part of the film industry doesn't make his opinion any less legitimate, as it should be judged on its own merits, just as denying that he is part of the film industry doesn't make his opinion any more legitimate. Glenn Greenwald is a "him":) What evidence do you have that demand has recovered? >The US pays more money because it has more health care being provided Reference for this, too, please. It's a bit insane that both the US and individual citizens apart from each other pay more per capita for health care costs now than the government of a country with socialized health care. I had a bad asthma attack while uninsured and got hit with a bill that took me 7 years to pay off. The way I read those statistics makes me think that we have the same GDP as we would have expected to have reached by the beginning of 2009, except with 2 years worth of population increase, productivity gains, and inflation unaccounted for. The Industrial Production Index chart seems to place us somewhere around the year 2000. Didn't negotiate a thing. I was pretty naive about that sort of thing at the time (really was still until the last few years, and I'm 35 now) and didn't know that bargaining was an option. I was just unemployed, broke and 22 and had a giant bill that I didn't know what to do with. I thought a bill was a bill and a debt was a debt, and had never even had a credit card in my life. Soon after that, I got a $9 an hour job at a factory and started making payments... I'm sick of people trying to promote the boardgame scene by bashing one of the games that I've watched people enjoy the shit out of, and is the perennial whipping boy around some nerdy quarters. The main barriers keeping modern games like Carcassone and Settlers from general appeal are the medieval trappings like knights, kings, castles, and dragons, and when those are missing, spaceships. At least, that's major barrier I have to overcome when I pull out one of the things. I have better luck getting people to play Acquire, even though bookkeeping is a barrier. >Approach your average American and say you enjoy board games. I guarantee you, nine times out of ten, you’ll get a response something like: “You mean like Monopoly?” (And the other ten percent will challenge you to a game of Ticket to Ride or Carcassonne.) He's got this wrong by at least two orders of magnitude. I can find 1000 people who LOVE Monopoly before one that has even heard of Carcassone. It's a Mensa/BoardGameGeek delusion that people are as disgusted with games of chance as they are. People LOVE dice. Remember, people LOVE casinos. People may not love being dominated during an entire game, but people sure love dominating for an entire game, and if you play enough games, you get your turn. And contrary to popular Mensa/BGG belief, more people have completed a dozen games of Monopoly than have ever seen the front of a Settlers box. In my family, the chance element of Monopoly mitigates the fact that it is unbalanced - because it's a different 1 or 2 people every time. I'm not sure how Trivial Pursuit, Scrabble and Dominoes fall into that category for your family... are you usually playing with an imbalanced family ? Half young children and half adult or something? I'm starting to think that maybe why my family enjoys it so much is because we're all constantly dealing, or putting out feelers about deals from the second the first property is purchased, and that when the game is obviously won, people just concede and the game starts up again. Also, a lot of our deals involve more than two people - like person A threatening to sell property X, that person B wants, to person C for a dollar, unless person B sells property Y to A. Or selling somebody a property that completes a monopoly for an amount of money determined purely based on that person not being able to afford to put houses in it quickly. Mortgaging properties before selling them for the same effect. Or two players trading each other into monopolies so they can either eliminate another weak player, or have a chance to compete with a player who got the first monopoly. Spending thousands on a $200 property. Making and breaking gentleman's agreements. Really a great time. When the trading stops with us, it usually means the game is about 20 minutes from being over while the last two battle it out with dice rolling. If that period was 4 hours long, I'd hate the game too. Your 'response foreclosure' is confusing to me - I'm not sure on what grounds you decided that the FBI putting mandatory GPS on all cars was unconstitutional, but putting a GPS on any individual car might not be. Maybe that was confusing, I'll say it a different way: your grounds for deciding that planting a GPS on an individual car was constitutional was that the effect could be duplicated by physically following that car. Is there some sort of physical limit that I'm missing to that argument? The FBI could physically follow around all non-FBI cars, and they would even run into economies of scale by just monitoring intersections and making paper records of every car that passed. How exactly did you decide that tracking every car with GPS was not constitutional? I wish I could say that I don't think this is compatible with the GPL, simply because I don't like it, but I can't. This seems like a good move for their bottom line. It'll suck for CentOS users though. I said "users" for a reason. It's just about choosing the patches that you want to apply, or if something you're running breaks, backing out of the particular patch that screwed it up. It really increases the value of a Red Hat license in my eyes. IANAL, but I'm pretty sure it's not admissible when the government obtains it without warrant and illegally. When evidence is revealed by someone else acting illegally, it's fair game for the government to use it. Angelo Mozillo is free, though, so I'm not getting my hopes up. He didn't make that claim. He claimed that the asset forfeiture laws are almost always used against "ordinary people," whom he distinguishes from "drug dealers/terrorists/etc." That's disagreement, not dishonesty. Dishonesty is easy to show - and a link avalanche is rhetorically a good way to make it seem like you've shown it, at least to people who don't follow the links. People like me, who are curious and do, will end up resentful of the waste of time. I have no opinion on whether Krugman is dishonest or not, but if know you can't make a case, please don't respond with a link avalanche. If you can: quote a statement, reference it, quote the evidence that it is factually incorrect, reference it. Argument made. Sorry for being snarky, but this technique irritates me when I fall for it. Thank god. I've never understood why mp3 players were growing to the size of personal cassette players, becoming fragile, or needed full color constantly active screens. The MuVo TX FM ( http://www.amazon.com/Creative-MuVo-1GB-MP3-Player/dp/B00077... ) was the best mp3 player I ever had. Make me a 16 gig one and I'll be your customer until the next technology shift. I followed your links and read this stuff in the first post. On the Ryan thing, he never claimed to have any inside knowledge, he just read Ryan's statement. "JCT, however, does not have the capability at this time to provide longer-term revenue estimates (i.e. beyond 10 years). Given these functional constraints for an official analysis, staff relied on its original work with the Treasury Department and other tax experts to formulate a reasonable expected path for long-term revenues given the tax policies in the Roadmap combined with the economic growth projections available at the time." How I read this (and how Krugman read it): Our staff relied on its original work because of the functional constraint of JCT not having the capability at this time to provide longer-term revenue estimates (i.e. beyond 10 years). A pretty reasonable read, if you ask me. Or McArdle, as you have pointed out: "To be honest, I too found that passage ambiguous." I'm not sure if that screams deceptive liar who assassinates people's characters in order to protect himself from the "smart and honest," and if it's the most "torrid" claim, you're pretty easily aroused. I have to agree with raganwald and say that I have no idea what you mean by the "convenience-privacy continuum" here. Do you mean that more convenient technologies are by nature less private? Or do you mean that you can convince people to give up their privacy in exchange for convenience? The second is clearly true (currently at least), but I don't see any evidence of the first. Depends on which way you're counting. Chomsky is the first name mentioned in that article. In regards to #2, I'm not sure how moving the location of secret meetings with lobbyists is "working in the right direction." As to #3, how can you claim that "the guy's links actually say the opposite of what he's claiming" and agree with him about his third link? Absolutely agree with you about #1. FOIAs have definitely gotten better. The UN Gini numbers: Japan: .249 US: .408 Haiti: .592 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_income_equ... Aside from media exaggeration of looting, which is almost instant after a disaster where there are significant numbers of black people. Pretty much, the mirror image of this post. Google "looting in Japan" if you want to take a sample of the most racist invective on the internet. I mean, if the Japanese have honor in their blood... Because when something happens, it's always because a majority of people want it to. If you ignore that he's talking about cars or planes, and his point. I've never seen log^2 x mean (log x)^2. Common notation? You're frontloading the question. What if it was: A) Make a million dollars a year doing something you love that nobody will know about or care about OR B) Make no money doing something you hate that your friends think is cool? ... If the question that you're trying to ask is, with all other things being equal, would you: A) Make a million dollars a year doing something that none of your friends would know about or care about OR B) Make no money doing something that your friends think is cool. I would choose A every time. Also I'm not sure how you can say that writing a video sharing application is a lot more fun that writing software that reduces credit card fraud without knowing about the techniques used in the particular pieces of software. I'm interested in algorithms and neat techniques, not sharing videos or credit card fraud. I'm still vain enough to think I'm a hacker, though:) I think that it really may have to do with being from the South, because those standard greetings IMO seem more honestly given. I've gone back and forth between Chicago and the South throughout my life, and in the South, those little formalities seem to have a significant chance of developing into actual short conversations, sometimes even to the point of slowing down the purchase/interaction (of course depending on how busy everybody is, if there's any big news that everybody is familiar with or thinking about currently, etc.) My theory has always been that it has something to do with the generally well armed/violent nature of the South combined with its sometimes sparse population and resources. You're not likely to meet a ton of new people, some are going to be jumpy/dangerous around you as a new person, and resources (cultural, financial) are so tough to find information about, that it's both important and cheap to spend an extra minute on everybody. Of course, that's going to be different throughout the South. The protocol is so tight in the sleepy little satellite hamlet/country road (of a slightly less sleepy hamlet) where my grandparents live that you're pretty much expected to wave and smile at every car that passes by, and if you're passing by people who are outdoors when you're driving by, you're expected to wave and smile back. This is not because you all know each other, just how people act there. My disagreement with this perspective is that demand is measured in dollars, not desire. The perception of a problem in the supply pool is a problem with the quality expectation (or need) per dollar of salary, rather than a problem in the workforce itself. I think that programming is just at a difficulty level where employers really either have to spend the money, or realize that their business model really isn't viable if it depends on a large supply of competent $36K programmers. famous case: http://www.itworld.com/waste-management-sues-sap-080327 "At that meeting, SAP AG executives and engineers represented that the software was a mature solution and conducted a demonstration consisting of what they represented was the actual SAP Waste and Recycling software," the complaint states. The company later discovered that the software was a "mock-up version of that software intended to deceive Waste Management," according to the complaint. SAP has admitted to this in "internal documents," the complaint states. "From the beginning, SAP assured Waste Management that its software was an 'out-of-the-box' solution that would meet Waste Management's needs without any customization or enhancements," the statement reads. "Unfortunately, Waste Management ultimately learned that these representations were not true." But drugs get you high. Bitcoins aren't an actual commodity. I don't relate to this. I finally pulled out of social networking altogether based on the fact that it made everything too significant, not too insignificant. Most of what is posted on twitter or on facebook walls would normally be kept to one's self; it was already insignificant. Now people are commenting on, debating, and retweeting stuff that might have been worth mentioning while trying to make conversation over lunch, but certainly not worth calling anybody to tell. Note that I post this as a comment on a comment of a news-aggregating site's comment thread on a blog (at least I'm hoping it's a blog and not a print column) hosted by website of the print magazine Forbes written by a columnist who wrote an essay debating the significance of a tweet (or class of personal emissions of which this tweet was representive) written by a guy who decided to delete 100 of his 300 apps. Over lunch, mentioning that you just deleted 100 of the 300 apps on your iphone might be a spark for a good five minutes of conversation. On the internet, it sparks existential crises all over the world. EDIT: I'm not sure if I'm expressing myself well here. I really, deeply, truly, honestly don't want to know that Scoble deleted 100 of his apps. I can also wait up to two years before finding out whether old friends have had children without losing any of the "oh, that's nice" feeling that I'll have upon hearing it. Facebook and Twitter seem to addict people to a stream of trivialities that wouldn't be worth turning over for in isolation. It might have to do with the fact that an orgasm is made up of x number of rubs. The average consumer is in a huge amount of dollar debt, and those dollars will become weaker too. It's people who are owed money (the wealthy) who are generally the inflation fighters. It becomes easier to pay off your debts, which won't rise in response to the unexpected inflation like your wages will. What's been working for me over the past year is Swedish snus. It has definitely broken me of the 20 year addiction to the process of smoking cigarettes. It's amazing how much of the addiction was to everything about smoking other than nicotine. Snus is a borefest. Avoid any of the American snuses (Camel/Marlboro), it'll turn you off to the idea before you get started because they're sweet and gross and barely have any nicotine. I recommend the "General" white portion and/or mint, and the mini-portions are unnoticeable. Easy to reduce on because you know exactly how many milligrams you're taking (like methadone or something) because of Swedish labelling rules. I'm hoping to be off snus within the next three or four months, but there's no big hurry because it's pretty cheap and very safe in comparison to other tobacco products. Internet ordering directly from Sweden is easy, and some of the fancier US tobacco shops are starting to carry it - so you might get lucky. I don't want to disagree with your opinion of the cause of your friend's psychosis, as you observed the process and I didn't, but as a general statement I'd like to put out there that the time of life when schizophrenia presents (late teens, twenties, early thirties) correlates with the years when people usually experiment with drugs. This has been true since before LSD existed. http://schizophrenia.com/photos/szage.onset.gif from http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8178665?dopt=Abstract According to Pyrex, they made the switch to soda-lime glass in America over 60 years ago. http://www.pyrexware.com/index.asp?pageId=30#TruthID6 and according to STATS.org: "[...]the industry as a whole switched from borosilicate [...] in the 1980s for a variety of reasons, including the fact that soda lime was easier to melt and work with (fewer deformities in the glass). But one of the major reasons for moving to soda lime was environmental compliance: borosilicate glass produces far more emissions from a glass furnace, accounting, in part, for the presence of boric acid in the water and soil. And it was not economical for companies to install multi-million dollar filter systems." http://stats.org/stories/2009/exploding_pyrex_oct14_09.html There is something suspicious in itself about ordering laboratory glassware. When clandestine chemists buy, they use shell buyers, dodgy distributors, false letterhead, and/or squirrel purchases across many distributors. Definitely drkoop.com. Its market cap at one point was around 1.3 billion. http://www.nytimes.com/2002/07/16/business/technology-briefi... And no one has ever played music for free. For me, the entire point of Wikileaks is that it is a secure way to leak anonymously designed by a crypto theorist and expert. The security involved with this WSJ thing is opaque, and sounds loosey-goosey based on the Delany paraphrase here. I think they would have been better off trying to get Openleaks off the ground, because Domscheit-Berg seems like he has a model of being a trustworthy technical middle man for traditional outlets. My bet is that the WSJ is not comfortable with actually not knowing the sources of the leaks - the security sounds like its goal is to prevent intrusion by external entities, rather than to anonymize. The truth of that depends on the accuracy of the title of: Violence is a curvilinear function of temperature in Dallas: A replication. Rotton, James; Cohn, Ellen G. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, Vol 78(6), Jun 2000, 1074-1081. doi: 10.1037/0022-3514.78.6.1074 http://psycnet.apa.org/psycinfo/2000-07798-005 I'm not sure if that's fair. If you produce a labor-intensive product of such variable utility (engineers), then you would expect the utility to drop to reach a price equilibrium. If there wasn't a demand for crappy engineers, the quality would rise - along with price. Therefore, their education is lousy precisely because these engineers are employed. India may just have conditions of production, whether by providence or design, that are more efficient at producing minimally satisfiable engineers than anywhere else. Of course I'm talking about a hypothetical India that produces engineer shaped widgets - so no offense intended:) https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/leet-key/ Simply a lie. Don't people commit crime in North Korea? Or is it just a nation of activists and saints? Agreed. It's largely a class marker, and class registers as credibility, depending on the subject matter. Thanks for the link, I had never seen that one before. Through link jumping, I managed to find a blog written by a guy who had a similar experience: http://web.archive.org/web/20040401192741/www.senderogroup.c... Here's an article documenting the release: http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/toronto/defiant... I think I'm going to be the only person commenting here who's going to cop to getting jobs all the time based on nothing but middle class social connections. I've gotten jobs through uncle's girlfriends/father's frat brothers/my drinking buddies. Honestly, most people I come in contact with know somebody with or have the ability to give me work, and I have the ability to get some of them work just by being a piece of the network for now, but probably after I'm further along in my career, directly. I have no doubt that if I become a business owner, or pursue a managerial track, I'll be expected to do the same thing for other people and their kids. How else are you expected to get the million years of experience on everything expected at every job? The only entry-level jobs I see advertised are for entry-level geniuses. I don't think that this can be artificially created by a third party for adults. The advice that I would give to actual poor people: make friends with people with money. Wrack your brains to think of ways to do things for them for free so you can become a part of the favor trading network. Drink with them a lot - unless they're religious people, then pray with them. Only date people who have a family that has money. More money is better than less money. Avoid people with no money. Agree completely. Also, college and internships are the best places to create social relationships with people with money. Remember that even though you may be intimidated by all of the fanciness and money around you in those environments, this is a period of time that rich people are actually slumming (assuming you're not at an expensive private/ivy league college) and will likely come into contact with more people that are out of their class than at any other point in their lives. A good number of people you can meet in highly contested internships are in the last non-managerial/executive job they'll ever have. Society has been re-engineered any number of times, to good and bad effect. If you think that how it is where you are right now is how it is, has been, and always will be everywhere, you're wrong. Society is made of people, including visionaries and others who are captivated by their visions and have the ability to implement them. Contemplating human society is not the same as contemplating the stars. I totally understood your intention and agree. I didn't mean to recharacterize your comment as saying that college and internships were just a place to meet people with money; I meant to add that they were also maybe the best place to meet people with money. Society evolves. Society is often engineered. The attempts often turn out badly, or well. Many societies are engineered to reduce poverty, and many societies have. It's enlightening to notice, though I'm not sure it's much of a curiosity - IIRC the Latin comes from Norman French, and they ruled English speakers for a while, so everything Frenchy was marked as more refined. Thinking there is a difference between believing that a computer can simulate a brain and believing that a windmill can do so doesn't depend at all on what you think a brain is, or on what a brain actually is. The case that was made by the parent is that since a computer can simulate a windmill, there is a distinct difference in the relative likelihood of the beliefs, not that either was actually true. Depending on the idea that the brain was a computer to prove that it could be simulated by a computer would be pretty much assuming the conclusion. subtitle: "Market share dwindling, stock cratering, persistent takeover talk. How the CEO is trying to lead Nokia past its epic fail" "Epic fail"? Is this really English to the the demographic that reads Businessweek? To impress your peers, which is often the same reason you would buy the real item. That is why manufacturers of luxury and designer products try to conflate knockoffs and counterfeits in legislation. I had this same feeling about Avatar. It was a halfway decent little distraction, but nowhere near as good as 100 * 4 million dollar movies. 8500 startups could have an internal shared service ecosystem/infrastructure that could keep each one as lean as possible and concentrating specifically on the problem they intend to solve. Take chaotic advantage of economies of scale? A few runaway hits could make it all worth it. It's become more and more important for me personally to be google free over the last couple years, and I largely am, but DuckDuckGo only gets me about 80% on getting free of relying on their search, which is my main paranoiac worry. The problem with getting off of Google search is that it is such an excellent product. When I want to dig hard, I can't help but go back. As far as I can tell, the Freedom Box is the server, so you would only go offline if you unplugged the wall wart containing the software. It also seems like there's a chance that you wouldn't go down if your internet went down, as long as you had enough of a concentration of Freedom Boxes nearby that your packets could be delivered via mesh to someone whose internet had not gone down, or directly. This Freedom Box stuff is new to me, and I'm finding Moglen talking about it very difficult to parse. I'm going to try the speech at http://freedomboxfndn.mirocommunity.org/video/4/freedom-in-t... If this allows my friends to get off facebook, and allows me to get back the sort of community of distant friends that I had when I was on facebook without the middlemen and any ominous privacy implications, I'm all for it. Also, I'd love to directly share content with non-technical people I know without the overhead of domain names and webhosting. At the price point of Just my thoughts though. If you require a presence on the social web regardless of power cuts, then I guess it's a dealbreaker for you. If all of that facebook-page-type-stuff was saved on the wart, then we wouldn't be prevented from browsing through it while they were personally offline with their computer powered down. I assume that would be the plan - but if I'm wrong, I would share your doubts about this catching on as a drop-in facebook replacement. -edit- To be clear, I'm imagining pictures, an activity stream, a presence server, and maybe a calendar and a blog sitting directly on the wart - independent of a separate computer to such an extent that a person wouldn't even have to own an actual desktop or laptop to use the appliance to its full extent, maybe just a cell phone app to update these things, or even updating them through public or other people's computers over the internet. If friendly neighbors left their freedomboxes open to your through traffic, it might not even necessitate a local internet connection. Noticed from the Kickstarter page: "Such boxes exist in the form of plug computers and mesh routers, tiny, inexpensive machines that can take the place of other electronics in your life, that draw so little power (often as little as 5W) that they can be run off of batteries or solar panels." http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/721744279/push-the-freed... That this is true is a bit of a tautology. Assuming the graph is monotonically decreasing sounds unlikely to me, though; I think there's likely to be multiple peaks - like the proverbial "7-year itch" for marriages. Another graph that would be relevant would be the likelihood of people who have been exposed to facebook through their friends, media saturation and advertising, yet still haven't joined, to be tempted to join later. In other words - facebook has already saturated the internet world's radar, and people who haven't joined already are completely aware of its existance, function, and benefits, and still not joining. Those will be very expensive users to get, so IMO retention should be their major focus. I stayed through the "6-month updates-full-of-farmville problem", because they fixed it, they barely kept me through the "1-and-1/2-year privacy panic" after backing off on some portion of their stridency (and profitability per user), and they lost me completely, along with a number of other people I know, after the "2-year bored-to-shit-with-people-I-went-to-HS-with-telling-me-where-they-went-to-lunch-and-what-they-think-of-Obama lull" which I'm not sure they can do anything about. If a large cohort of similarly aged users hit some peak that facebook is unable or unwilling to iron out at the same time, and there's no supply of cheap "Wow, there's a place on the internet where I can keep track of all of my college buddies!" users to replace them, there could be a precipitous fall. "[...]the blog will have to explain what a field is, what a cubic field is, and what a discriminant (of a field) is, in every post." At most once. Links are what the internet is for:) I agree with the obligation theory, because if the N9 looks really good to reviewers (whether it sells or not), it will be used as a counterpoint in any future bad or even neutral reviews of their first few W7 releases as an indictment of management competence. What makes that even more likely is that reviewers are geekier than the general population, just as Maemo/Meego is geekier than W7. So even an equivalent quality of experience is likely to create bad buzz in the shadow of a well reviewed N9. If I were the management, I would be hostile to it and do whatever I could to bury it. We know from history that Nokia can bury their own phones, but I have no idea if they can do it on purpose:) Of course, my hope as a geeky N900 owner is that the N9 catches on, Nokia pivots to releasing Meego/Harmattan phones along with W7 phones, and starts putting money into Meego again until it's ready for primetime. I don't think it's too likely, though, without a leadership change. Many people wouldn't stay interested; I'd say the vast majority wouldn't. But, after explaining those things to the extent that you thought was worthwhile, you ended up with 100 long term readers out of the x billion on the internet, I'd count that as a huge win, myself. Here's another whimsy: instead of (necessarily) a poor country, how about any country that relies exclusively on land/property taxes, VATs, and tariffs? Are there any? As far as I can tell, those taxes can't be dodged by a virtual currency since they are levied on physical items. I feel like this is the attitude that drives good designers away from open source projects - the attitude that they are swooping in after the fact to destroy the hard work of intelligent programmers. If you instead see designers as intelligent people who chose to specialize in understanding and translating raw "feedback on what's working and what isn't, and [...] data" and time-tested design concepts into a final product that ties the chops of programmers with the actual human-centered goals of projects, it may result in better software. Are we really trying to, for random example, create a protocol for individually and consistently addressing nodes securely within an ad-hoc mesh network of inconsistent size which needs to route requests to one or more gateways to the larger internet, OR are we trying to help average people create their own neighborhood networks where they can share services? I submit that we're doing the latter, and the hard problem in order for programmers to facilitate it is the former. As a programmer, I stumble across magnificent libraries bitrotting on various parts of the internet that sometimes do things that I wouldn't even have imagined possible, yet no one but hobbyist techs will ever use them until they are integrated onto the backend of something that designers somewhere created to scratch a person's itch, not a programmer's. The big problem: when will a designer ever be meandering around the depths of CPAN or an aside on some obsessed functional programmer's blog? To be even more extreme, I'd like to see more projects primarily headed by designers or end user types, ones with little to no technical knowledge and a healthy respect for people who do. As a programmer, I pride myself on telling people the best way that things can be done with a computer, not what people should want a computer to do and how they would like the computer to do it. Seriously, the less I have to think about ui, especially in the context of projecting myself into the mind of somebody who isn't clear on the difference between a directory and a file, the better. Background shit that automagically runs with no interaction? Love it. Something that helps grammar school kids collaboratively research their school projects in a transparently sourced way? Somebody please draw me a picture, tell me where to put the buttons, and tell me what they should do. And even though I've written an awesome algorithm to realtime index and classify the contributions of the individual students and make suggestions about who should be assigned to clarify a portion of the outline based on keywords and library proximity - tell me where to put it, or whether I've been wasting my time and that no one needs it. I don't have to have a big red button on the toolbar. I'm smart, I can certainly use the algorithm for something else. Sorry for ranting:) That sounds super complicated and like an opening for somebody to write some software. Then I guess I have to trash my series of studies on coughing, lying in bed, and depression shaving years off your life. Getting grants is hard! /annoyance We can scarcely predict the average of three dice rolls, but over a series the average becomes trivial. "In 2004, a year in which Wal-Mart reported $9.1 billion in profits, the retailer's California employees collected $86 million in public assistance, according to researchers at the University of California-Berkeley. [...]In 2004, Democratic staffers of the House education and workforce committee calculated that each 200-employee Wal-Mart store costs taxpayers an average of more than $400,000 a year, based on entitlements ranging from energy-assistance grants to Medicaid to food stamps to WIC—the federal program that provides food to low-income women with children." http://motherjones.com/politics/2009/01/america-195-week And this is with a minimum wage. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Government_bond A lot of government debt is held by private entities. You're thinking about the national debt, and here is a long detailed explanation: http://internationalecon.com/Finance/Fch5/F5-9.php The numbers are the only thing that's quoted. The conclusion is that if they paid lower wages, the amount of government support to employed people would rise unless those policies were changed also. Government support paid by taxes, including the taxes of those who work at UCBerkeley. Review of a good primetime documentary about class mobility in Britain, including unpaid intern stuff: "Who Gets The Best Jobs? Review: Bank of Mum & Dad" http://channelhopping.onthebox.com/2011/02/02/who-gets-the-b... Some of the fallout: "Calvin Klein’s PR firm Modus admits on national TV: '20 of our 70 staff are unpaid interns'" http://graduatefog.co.uk/2011/1230/calvin-klein-uniqlo-sienn... Terrible youtube version starts at: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNRP8xc5aFA Not the other poster, but I wouldn't be. In my semi-baseless opinion, chess playing pleasure is more like the pleasure you get from reading or doing math. Video game pleasure is more like television or cocaine. I'm not sure whether they've loosened Google's "Death Grip," as much as they've separated garbage content from good content so the algo doesn't have to blacklist their entire site. It's more than mindshare, it's also the fact that the ratings given by NRSROs ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nationally_Recognized_Statistic... ) are often written into statutes. There are many massive funds that are restricted by legislation from investing money somewhere that Moody's has rated at lower than X, X often being AAA. May I recommend "The American Way of Death" by Jessica Mitford (the entirely human Mitford sister)? The basic story is that the funeral industry completely captured the regulating of the disposal of dead people a long, long time ago. He's talking about the smallest and simplest of global variables in that quote, hence: "it's completely doable to write [Pac-Man] in a purely functional style. The dependencies can be worked out; the data flow isn't really that bad. It still may be a messy endeavor, with lots of little bits of data to keep track of, and selectively moving parts out of the purely functional world will result in more manageable code. Now the obvious target is either the state of Pac-Man himself or the ghosts, but those are part of the core data flow of the program. Make those globally accessible and modifiable and all of a sudden a large part of the code has shifted from imperative to functional...and that wasn't the goal." meaning that trying to make Pac-Man or ghosts into pieces of mutable state will result in them being manipulated entirely by being passed between functions, an even more functionally tangled program (in terms of less being able do some modifications to it as easily as could be done in a similar imperative program.) Instead he's suggesting adding tiny self-managed globals for little values that truly are global (used almost everywhere) but aren't constant. Basically segregating tiny pieces of mutable state into their own little cubbyholes in order to simplify the logic. Or at least that's how I'm reading it. kinda does... I've just started running into the "unneccessary to cater to special interests" argument aganst pseudoanonymity on g+, and I haven't seen any data that indicates that there are more people who generally use their real names on the internet than ones that generally don't. I'd love a link to anything like that from anyone. But in any context on the internet other than the social networks in question or when people are intentionally marketing themselves, if I see someone using their first and last name I assume that they are either very elderly, or very new to the internet. When I'm commenting on tech blogs, I'll sometimes use my firstname.lastname resume-heading email address - but I'm a tech guy, so it's obvious why. I could also see eventually using a real name on hn, but only for the same reason. An email address is the id most people got first when they got on the internet, and is the model for pseudoanonymity. When I email my grandmother, I am pseudoanonymous and she is pseudoanonymous; it feels like the default state of the internet. If these social network policies just end up forcing people to use less 'internetty' (all lower case no spaces with leet accents) pseudonyms online, like authors and movie stars, it will definitely devolve to where papers are required for everyone getting an account. I certainly now manage a semi-new pseudonym (based on an old irl joke between me and a few friends) that looks like a boring, unnotable real name. I'm not sure how it will keep me from being an asshole on the internet. There is no level playing field with foreign workers, because they and we are not free to travel where wages are best or prices are lowest. Capital is free in the modern economy, but labor is not. Exploiting the poverty of trapped foreign workers is not altruism, it's lowering costs to maximize profits, which is what businesses are supposed to do. And trade deficits accumulate as public and private debt (or rather negative savings.) This is not theoretical, this is an identity. The US imports a lot of its creatives, and a majority of its creatives when it comes to math and science. If capital moves somewhere else, creatives will move somewhere else. Especially here, where the only reason we discuss google and facebook is because we might try to work on it, work with it, or compete against it. It is a political statement. As the Gr.Grandfather comment said, our debts are denominated in dollars, and can be paid off instantly, simply by printing the money. The only reason we can't is because the interest rates on treasuries would go asymptotic if we did that, because investing in bonds denominated in a currency that has a history of doing that would be a risky thing to say the least. If the reason for the S&P downgrade was based on the debt, it would be purely political, because along with US treasuries, every security denominated in dollars would have to be equally downgraded simultaneously to make economic sense. They understand this, so this is not the reason they gave - they graded the US on its willingness to pay its debts. I think that's a vast overestimation of the power of unpopular spoiler Republicans (edit: and anti-Chinese xenophobia), but a case can be made. But, even with the fiscal shape of the US now, investors are buying treasuries with interest rates at historic lows, because if you're not investing in US treasuries, what are you going to invest in? The property bubble was largely a response to super low treasury rates, and since it has burst, there has been a massive run-up in precious metals as a way to store savings and get a rate that beats inflation. Investors (the only people that have to be answered to in questions of government debt) make their evaluation of US debt available in real time, and the evaluation is excellent, no matter what any individual investors/pundits say with their mouths. The worst outcome of more money printing is that those interest rates start to rise, making the dollar less valuable with respect to other currencies, which will make imported products more expensive for domestic consumers, and make our exports cheaper abroad, stimulating a rise in domestic manufacturing and employment. If in addition, that newly printed money was used to make investments in infrastructure, or simply handed to people with low to negative savings who will immediately spend it, the domestic inflationary effect would be captured by a rise in domestic wages. To the degree that all of this happens is the degree to which the massive trade deficits we've been running since Reagan decline or reverse, and the national debt (the combination of domestic public and private debt) is an accumulation of those deficits. (And I would point out that I can't emphasize this point enough: If we do nothing to Social Security, it will be able to pay exactly as it has until 2035, and if no fixes have been made until then, 80% of what it has been paying until the earth plunges into the sun. This 80% will go further than the 100% being paid now due to the productivity gains between now and then, unless our response to the underutilized economy of this demand crisis is to make cuts that further underutilize the economy.) ---- edit: that's what I get for not RTFA before commenting. I gave S&P a benefit of the doubt that it didn't deserve, and most of this was actually said by the treasury except for the "weak dollar is good and SS is fine" stuff. Well, a weakened dollar is good and SS is fine:) I agree. "Wealth" is what is lost when workers who want to work sit idle because the fed decides that protecting the value of "dollars" is a more important mandate than full employment. SS is self-funding, and is one of the creditors owed as a part of the debt, because it holds treasuries. To suggest that we use SS funds to avoid default is to suggest that we default to avoid default. last comment on page: Chris Hamilton - BBC News Social Media Editor says: August 13, 2011 at 3:37 pm We’re checking out the complaint response quoted above but, on the face of it, it’s wrong and isn’t the position of BBC News. In fact, we make every effort to contact people, as copyright holders, who’ve taken photos we want to use in our coverage. In exceptional situations, ie a major news story, where there is a strong public interest in making a photo available to a wide audience, we may seek clearance after we’ve first used it. We want to do right by potential contributors and our audience – it’s not in our interests to annoy them – and this is a good opportunity to remind ourselves of that. Do we ask the highway system to be profitable? If we eliminate the rural routes and only leave the profitable ones, we might as well get rid of the entire thing - the profitable routes could easily be privatized, but as it is, they offset the cost of the rural routes a bit. I support keeping country folk connected to the rest of the nation as a public good, not a profit center. I don't understand your argument. I don't know how gridlock on the highway system causes employment. I was born, raised, and currently reside pretty deep in the city of Chicago, so I'm familiar with commutes, though usually on public transportation, because the interstates are largely for long distance travel. They remain 2-3 hours a day (sometimes) without touching a highway, as they were before cars were even owned by average working class people. I have never owned a car in my life, and have no interest in or ability to drive. The highway system is a result of government planning. If it hadn't been "held back" by government planning, it would lack existence. This would be a tax on every good imported into the city (which is virtually every good.) I don't assume that highways are one aspect of central planning that works, I think that highways are one of a multitude of aspects of government (which I suppose you mean by "central planning") that are justified because, while not being profitable in themselves, they reduce friction for the entire system. The government is the only actor who can levy fees for that from the entire system, therefore the only one who can execute it. If the tax base is eroded in a city, this is a failure of paperwork, not a physical event. If black people and the white people who ran from them were in slightly closer physical proximity, but still entirely homogenously clumped together (assuming a huge decline in public transportation not caused by the highways ) you're saying that there would be some benefit to the urban poor? I can't think of a more easily targeted tax. "I don't know how gridlock on the highway system causes un employment," rather:) Blog entry on new 'safe' rolling release Update Pack thing: http://blog.linuxmint.com/?p=1781 Government subsidized? You mean the library? Because IIRC the courses retail at a fortune (but are always on sale.) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dead_end_job The innovation is the method of delivery of that $100k medical education. The article actually sold me. I don't think one or two hundred a visit is very much higher than in any other context. You have become lost in high level reasoning. This theory is akin to saying that wakefullness is caused by sleep, therefore if you are sleepy and want to stay awake, the way to fix that is to go to sleep, so that you can wake up. True, but not profound, because the problem was how you could avoid sleep in the first place. I'm totally flying past you here. That's not a bad job, that's a good job. I worked a Xerox Cheshire (for addressing junk mail) for $10.50/hr around the turn of the millenium for between 40 and 76 hours a week. It financed a really comfortable lifestyle at the time (I didn't have kids.) My quota was around 10,000 per hour IIRC, and my hands got a bit chewed up, but I almost always hit quota (if the machine was on my side.) My hands are keyboard-smooth these days, but I'm always suprised when people are suprised that people make things with their hands, when they spend all day surrounded with things made with someone's hands. About automation: That robot clock has been running since Henry Ford. Most manufacturing jobs (if not all) are a human loading a machine with material, monitoring the machine so it doesn't jam, tear itself apart on, or shred the material, then pulling the finished product which is being ejected as quickly as a humn can keep up, wrapping it, and getting it to the next machine. Every hour the machine breaks down, and the operator figures out how to bring it back up quickly, or a mechanic has to come and do a medium to full scale repair depending on the damage. I'm not sure how magic robot arms can change that, until they can figure out how to load themselves with rubber from the truck, and how to fix themselves really quickly. Agricultural workers do not get paid substantially more than $13.00/hr gasket inspectors, they get paid substantially less and they work in the sun. A nursing job is a very high skilled job that is very well paid that you go to college for. Shit cleaners are not nurses, they are people who also make less than gasket inspectors. Don't assure people of things you're not sure about. The pay might be shit, but we'll make it up in overtime:) If you're paying $20 an hour and you can't find a decent Java programmer, I'm not sure if it's a failure of the market. I wouldn't program for $20 an hour no matter where I lived, unless life sucked or I wasn't very good. And if pushed by desperation to take that job, I would be constantly trying to find another one. Nursing is a highly skilled job that requires college education, like programming, except that it requires college education . Related to nothing, I worked one of these bastards too: http://www.mailmarketplace.com/inserters/5250_001IN.htm . It shoves mail into envelopes so I can swamp you with useless credit card offers, retirement fund statements, and solicitations from nonprofits. Notorious hand mangler. At the time, this was the best job I had ever had. P.S. Looking for a picture of the Cheshire brought back memories: http://i.ebayimg.com/00/$%28KGrHqF,!g0E1fPtSCr7BNeqtoSh0w~~_... That's exactly what I did - loaded the machine with some odd shaped component, again and again, as fast as I could. And somebody looked at what came out for quality control, then that was packed onto a pallet, and forklifted to somebody who loaded that stuff into another machine, or to a truck. Otherwise, robots (or dumb machines) have always done the lot. @idiopathic: You're right, I read it badly. Sorry, crag. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Futurological_Congress I would guess that the sluggish productivity figures are a result of the sluggish capital expenditures during the recession. There isn't a shortage of LPNs. In a lot of places there are an excess of LPNs. Just to recommend something that people swear by, but I'm just getting around to trying out - orgmode on emacs (orgmode.org). Super-sophisticated organizer using text files. Source control can be used so you can get to the current version of the files wherever you are, and it has HTML export. Not prior art? http://www.flickr.com/photos/stevericketts/5500614942/ There's an amount of legal work currently outsourced to India - things that can be legally outsourced, that is. Currently, the class of things that can be legally outsourced is small (research + writing + document review.) random google survey: http://www.pangea3.com/ http://sqglobalsolutions.com/ http://www.sunlexis.com/ http://legal-process-outsourcing.com/ http://www.legaleasesolutions.com/ Here's a list last updated in 2008: http://www.prismlegal.com/index.php?option=content&task=... To me, this is indication that there's a flood being held back by legislation. I'd buy this argument if a CS degree qualified you for a programming job. It doesn't. It doesn't even mean you can program. You're expected to learn all of the skills that a programmer uses on the job on your own time . What if instead, you went to university for a pre-programming degree (CS) that was math and theory heavy, then went to a 2-3 year programming school, then went into some established shop for your 3-8 year residency? My guess is that the profession would become a lot more attractive to the average kid that is very smart, but doesn't have an interest in law or medicine. Other guesses are that security would become absurdly good in general, and a lot of tools would be perfected. Instead, the importance is placed on loving programming, because you're going to have to love figuring out what you need to be educated in and love providing for that education out of pocket, and with no credentials to show for it. So you're on an equal playing field with anybody off the street when dealing with an HR department, and at a disadvantage against a CS graduate who may not be able to program to save his/her life if you didn't go to school to learn the math, but simply learned your profession. To have a capital-p Programming educational track like Law or Medicine could really be a boon for the profession in most ways in my opinion. Could somebody tell me where the Perl class is? Because I can't seem to find it or get student loans to cover it. The one thing that I think would be problematic would be an injury to Free/Open Source software, because practitioners wouldn't feel the necessity to put that evidence out there that they actually can program, like surgeons don't feel like they have to stream over the web live operations they are doing for free. To the extent that people have to do a 12 year study program to do first aid or put on a band-aid, I'm suggesting that people should do a 12 year study program to put up their volleyball club's website or turn on their computers. I think the problem is a bit deeper than that: I think that journalism as a product rather than as advocacy has failed. There are hundreds of amazing free blogs out there, surviving on donations from people who appreciate their existence and/or sacrifices from people who think it's worth it to be heard. It's idea capitalism, and just because you have half a billion dollars to spend doesn't mean that people will want to read you any more than Bill from Baltimore. A criticism of that point of view is often that good journalism needs the money to send journalists into the field. I think that point of view forgets what journalists are by function - a way to connect people to other people; a technical problem. If we can make sure that anyone who wants to be heard can speak somewhere where everyone who wants to hear them can, we're done. The network effects implied by that will probably shift through a lot of stable configurations in future, but none of them will be effected at all by simple distribution monopolies. Computer networking and mobile are changing everything. Product journalism is even newer than commercial music, and will also end up in the history books as a relic of the 500 year period on history where the kinks in the mass reproduction and distribution of words, images, and sounds were being worked out. Then we move on to touch:) I'm thinking more about easy to use low footprint FOSS blogging software, cheaper smaller processors, wireless, mesh networking, internationalization, distribution (a la bittorrent, group blogs, arXiv, Wikis, mirroring/CDNs, even '+1'ing, 'like'ing, 'digg'ing and 'stumbling'), encryption, computer translation, etc. Wikileaks is a fascinating, unpredictable result of the technological amplification of voices going on at a lower level. edit: I'd rather see a release of their submission engine (or a better one) and an easy way to distribute and hide content in a way that it can't be suppressed by angry governments than to have the entire idea of leaking tied to a single personality - not that I don't like Assange:) I see curation as the important problem right now. It's telling that the two web juggernauts right now are Google and Facebook - both basically curation companies through search and social networking. Of course blogs don't have to be first-order (in fact, more of them need to be!) Most blogs (like most traditional media these days) are parasitic off of factual traditional reporting and academic papers, and other blogs go off into third-order meta-analysis. If you need your narrative, there's somebody out there who wants to give it to you, we just have to figure out a way to make sure they can eat. Tax deductions for donations? Monthly billed funds to make sure that you can donate to sources that support the information you like to consume, but you may not have an awareness of? He got from "SVN [is] to Git what Windows 98 was to Windows XP." "SVN is a slightly crappier version of Git." to "SVN is a version of Git in which every time you want to start a branch or merge it back, you have to sacrifise a young virgin to the source-control gods." But I couldn't figure out if he got to "SVN is not a version of Git, just like Unix is not a version of Windows." I'm in - and I'd be looking to experiment for somewhere around 50 years, give or take 20. The major problem with something like that as I've seen it is that any arrangement or economy between people is inherently political, so the group would have to share a lot of goals and beliefs. Somebody needs to write a great book (or pamphlet) a few hackers could agree to get behind. I'm pretty sure that there's no way to do this without effectively just releasing pristine copies that somebody will cut the ads out of within 5 minutes of them being posted. They could use their own DRM'd file format and media player, but that would be broken in a week and have the effect of just releasing copies that somebody would cut the ads out of within 5 minutes of them beng posted. I can't think of any scheme except maybe releasing content through torrents that no one would care about enough to cut the ads out within 5 minutes of it being posted. Wait - maybe intense product placement/integration into television shows? It's inevitable really; with DVRs most people aren't watching traditional commercials anyway. Maybe content producers need to, as a group, get over the artistic squeamishness they have about setting scenes in a Taco Bell... Maybe the answer might be as per jrockway's comment below: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2958478 . Ditch ads, put up a massive torrent site with killer bandwidth, charge 50 cents a torrent. Entire season for 7 bucks, no risk of prosecution? Might be worth it to most people. Trickle of cash recieved in perpetuity? Might be able to finance pretty high quality shows. OK - flight of fancy coming: How about an investment market for television shows and movies? People put together trailers, pilots, or maybe just announcements and attachments to a project, and people can buy shares in that project based on how many absurdly cheap downloads they think it can wrangle, and they buy those shares on the same site where the torrent will be hosted for download . The gambling prospect would be a pretty good incentive for people to already have credit card attached accounts when it comes to downloading, and good investments could pay for your habit, or even bring a return. These shares could be traded in perpetuity, and would pay dividends monthly of the download revenue minus the infrastucture cost. Even farther down the rabbit hole: The cost per download could be determined by an (open) algorithm combined with a voting system by the current shareholders. If they're not liking their return, they could state what they think the ideal price would be to maximize that return, and that price would be weighted with their amount of ownership to determine the current price of that content. Maybe to simplify that system, they could be given simple upvotes and downvotes? I feel that the math could be worked out. This would incentivize shareholders to market the content themselves in social and in blogs. Completely crazy talk: Free downloads of collections of trailers. Shareholders of one film could vote to dilute and give shares in their content to the shareholders of content that is sure to attract a large group of eager downloaders, in order to have the trailer to their film or sample of their show included in a collection that the known anticipated content will also be on. ----- Maybe this is an efficient way to motivate people to 1. Invest in the shows that they like, 2. Proselytize about the shows they like, 3. Watch (and pay trivial amounts for) content in order to be familiar with the market (especially obscure content, to get an edge.), and 4. Set by guessing the prices that people would be likely to pay for content. For me, this might be the MMORPG/fantasy baseball from hell. I'd be futzing around with my investments and looking for new things that were coming out all day . edited: for clarity. Agreed. If there was one terrible review written a year or two ago by someone with a reviewing history, and then suddenly twenty gushing all caps reviews filled with superlatives and exclamations of personal affection by reviewers with no other review history, all posted within the same week, I'd be upset if yelp didn't filter them out. If some business tells all of their best customers to post a review on Yelp, a site they had never used before, then they actually are straw reviews and worth nothing - and this business owner admits that. Case closed. Filter working perfectly. This is not to say that the one bad review characterizes this man's business in any way. He probably just doesn't have a tech-savvy, hip clientele, and the first yelper he ran into may have been a spoiled curmudgeon. What offsets the damage is that since he isn't drawing from that hip clientele, the review is likely not driving away any significant business. The best response would probably be to put a Yelp sign in some prominent space, which might trigger someone who is familiar with their business to add a few more reviews. If he gives good service, the preponderance will be good. Much better idea than calling for a favor from your affectionate regulars. There is no right to a good reputation. Businesses aren't made of people any more than they are made of bricks or telephones. Businesses employ people, and are owned by people. Assuming that businesses will be nice because they are largely composed of humans isn't any more reasonable than assuming that they will stink because they are composed of garbage cans. Because ugh isn't trying to convince you of anything, but you seem to be trying to convince him, over and over again, at increasing length, that people are different and that what some people call "handicaps" are really just part of a range of characteristics, and each of us as people are a large set of those which are often accommodated for. He's just saying that there's no economic incentive to accommodate for variations in people that there's no market incentive to accommodate for, and that may or may not be a problem. He seems honestly confused at why that's setting you off. That implication is based on the fact that he has reviewed seven dog trainers, given two of them one star reviews, one of them a five star review, and the other four reviews weren't worth mentioning in the article for some reason. Is it at all unlikely that this guy took a dog to two trainers, didn't like them, then went to a third that he thought was great? Or does it have to be a conspiracy? ----- edit: and from the article, the business owner's opinion: "The whole thing is odd," Frank Brader said. "It certainly seems to me that he's been to so many other dog trainers that nothing you can do is going to satisfy this person." ----- another edit: Here's the profile in question: http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=z25c9TyWY1TdVEGxkj34... Does anything even look vaguely suspicious about it? His average rating is four stars, and contrary to the article, he went to four dog trainers in 2010, and gave two of them five star ratings, and two of them one star ratings. http://www.yelp.com/user_details_reviews_self?userid=z25c9Ty... ----- and another: Now the review is being pushed out by wonderful, helpful reviews like this: "Just read the Chicago tribune article and it's just terrible! Yelp should pull this review!" http://www.yelp.com/biz/haus-von-brader-dog-obedience-traini... "The Chicago Tribune article could go evan a lot further to expose Yelp for the extortionist business model they employ. I and thousands of hard working small business folks around the country who deliver exceptional quality and service every day to our customers are being victimized by this extortionist buiness model." http://www.yelp.com/biz/haus-von-brader-dog-obedience-traini... and "Score one for the small business owner not happy with Yelp's horrible filter algorithm. Yelp is a horrible business and if they don't fix things fast they will simply disappear (we can only hope) its amazing how there filter has managed to alienate all of their users (businesses and reviewers). Great article in the tribune, shine more light on Yelp's craptastic system. By the way we are animal lovers too!" http://www.yelp.com/biz/haus-von-brader-dog-obedience-traini... All five stars. I just happened to be passing by, and have no dog in this fight. I just don't think ugh has one either. He isn't saying what you think he's saying. I've spent weeks of my life fixing accessibility on government websites (which are the worst) and fighting for strict compliance that others thought wasn't worth it. My opinion is that it's always worth it to be inclusive when it comes to coding. ugh seems to be implying that extramarket forces should be brought to bear to encourage(or force) accessibility if that is a goal that we want to achieve. If you're fighting with us, what are we fighting about? I don't mean to negatively characterize you as an individual due to your public admission of a serious handicap. I mean to positively characterize ughs comment as adding to the conversation and not being 'who cares about a handful of blind people.' Sorry for the misunderstanding. Mexico doesn't have freedom of speech. According to the constitution, speech can be restricted if it offends good morals, incites crime, disturbs the public order, or disrespects private lives, morals, and the public peace. In the 1930s, laws were added that restricted speech that insulted national symbols, particularly the flag and the national anthem. (Articulos 6 y 7) http://es.wikisource.org/wiki/Constituci%C3%B3n_Pol%C3%ADtic... In 2008, a poet was found guilty by the Supreme Court and given a token fine for a poem. http://banderasnews.com/0805/edat-poetfined.htm That classic scenario originated in an opinion supporting jailing someone for handing out flyers opposing the WWI draft, during a period in American history when jailing people for antiwar speech or speech encouraging Socialism or Communism was frequent. It has been superceeded by law and decisions more in accordance with the First Amendment at least half a dozen times since. The definition of free speech that that argument was used to defend was the Espionage Act of 1917 which: o Made it a crime to convey information with intent to interfere with the operation or success of the armed forces of the United States or to promote the success of its enemies, punishable by death or by imprisonment for not more than 30 years or both, o Made it a crime to convey false reports or false statements with intent to interfere with the operation or success of the military or naval forces of the United States, punishable by a maximum fine of $10,000 or by imprisonment for not more than 20 years or both, o Made it a crime to promote the success of its enemies when the United States is at war, punishable by a maximum fine of $10,000 or by imprisonment for not more than 20 years or both, o Made it a crime to cause or attempt to cause insubordination, disloyalty, mutiny, refusal of duty, in the military or naval forces of the United States, punishable by a maximum fine of $10,000 or by imprisonment for not more than 20 years or both, and o Made it a crime to willfully obstruct the recruiting or enlistment service of the United States, punishable by a maximum fine of $10,000 or by imprisonment for not more than 20 years or both. The Sedition Act of 1918 extended this to: o Make it a crime to use "disloyal, profane, scurrilous, or abusive language" about the United States government, its flag, or its armed forces or that caused others to view the American government or its institutions with contempt, and o Give the Postmaster General the right to go through mail and refuse to deliver any that did any of these things while the United States was at war. This resulted in about 1500 prosecutions and 1000 convictions for speech, and the sentences were generally between 5 and 20 years. Not a good precedent. The major difference between disrespecting the flag in Mexico and burning the flag in the US is that burning the flag in the US is legal. I'm not siding with ugh. I don't think he was arguing with you. I find your argument an excellent way to reframe an argument about accessibility into an argument to build a more complete and functional media/communication product. I'll leave it there. I don't think its outcome-based, its expected utility based, which is a present value, not a future one. I really adore using Erlang with Webmachine, jQuery Taconite, and erlydtl for web projects. It's usually not a morally safe option for other people's projects (because what are the odds of them finding an Erlang programmer to work on it after I'm gone?), but it's a joy for my own projects. Easy, and as functional as you want to be:) edit to add links: https://github.com/basho/webmachine http://www.malsup.com/jquery/taconite/ https://github.com/evanmiller/erlydtl You're missing the point of the frumforum post. It was: if you were planning for the future, which source of predictions (the WSJ editorial page or Krugman's column) would have been a more accurate guide? It's about whether the horse would win, place, show, or be in the money at all - not whether the horse was pretty. Biased or unbiased doesn't matter. The truth is biased. If the WSJ or Krugman says the passage of X bill will destroy Thailand's exports, and Thailand's exports rise, that's a failure. If the WSJ or Krugman say that Thailand is a beautiful country, that's irrelevant to the question. The world already works like that. You can buy money from countries other than the US, you know. I'd like to add that being useful isn't a negative for something's properties as a currency - for example, the reason cigarettes become a currency in a lot of jail/P.O.W. situations is because they are always liquid due to smokers needing to smoke. Often in those situations, cigarettes come into the economy as a ration (or a purchase limit) that people get whether or not they are smokers, and the economy revolves around getting this commodity that everyone gets to the minority that need it. Pretty quickly, you end up with non-smokers trading cigarettes with each other, because you can always get whatever you want through paying a smoker in cigarettes. Bitcoin could benefit from that if it encouraged a very large drug market, because people need their drugs. If an easy, comfortable bitcoin drug market could get a lot of volume, it would become a lot easier to buy a cup of coffee or a car with it, and the prices would rise and fall based on the relationship of the ease of purchasing drugs with bitcoin vs. the ease of purchasing drugs in dollars. Maybe money laundering could keep bitcoin stable, too. In any case, to be successful, IMO bitcoin will have to be driven by something other than belief in bitcoin. The use of the USD? It can be used to pay US taxes. I'm not going to do your research for you, I'm just saying that whether either demonised or praised Bush is irrelevant to the claim that was being made - unless you're making specific claims that Bush will verifiably exhibit the ability to possess a little girl, or to drive the demons out of a little girl into a herd of pigs. Truth is biased; it will ignore every argument you make that contradicts what it knows to be true. 2 + 2 = 4 is irredeemably biased against 2 + 2 = 5. Disturbingly partisan. I'm not sure what the difference is between something that would make one better informed and something being a better source of information. Fact: It isn't necessary for a majority to want something for it to make the top slot on HN. I'm not sure that comparing networking vendors to arms dealers to repressive regimes is the best way to defend them/yourself. Yes, I do that there are a number of people at Apple spending a large part of their days figuring out how to prevent people from using their own purchased items in the way that they wish to. Lawyers, programmers, and PR people. >Frankly I'm surprised that they keep sinking money into this, they've clearly failed to establish a profitable beach head, meanwhile google is making money hand over fist in the exact same domain. This seems to be Microsoft's MO, and it seems to have worked with the XBox. Push hard, buy a second place position with massive marketing, investment, and underpricing, and continue to maintain it while losing billions and billions. Then the first place company inevitably, eventually makes a series of horrible, very public missteps, and Microsoft is positioned as "The Alternative." On one hand, I think it's a pretty sleazy tactic, but on the other hand I rarely ever see any corporation thinking in the long term, especially to this absurd degree. I'm not exactly sure what the strategy is to defend against this, either. How about "The source code is available"? They may not be able to guess whether you in particular or your children are Jewish, but if I can guess your name from your sex, zipcode, and birthdate, I'm pretty sure that there will be many markers of that major a part of your life to someone who examines you at any depth looking for those markers. A major marker will probably be, for example, the lack of any markers of any non-Jewish group, i.e. you're not an obvious Catholic, Muslim, Protestant, etc. Of course, as a black American, I'm jealous that that's the biggest question that you have. A big multi-billion $ business deciding to dictate its own behavior or end is not the same as dictating law, even if the law reacts by changing in order to preserve the business. The current system, where corporations often actually, literally dictate many laws is a lot less open and straightforward. That an individual gets to decide how their own works should be treated is not the most important right, it's not a right at all. It's a limitation on other people's rights to imitate or reproduce things that they hear, read, or understand, that has within many legal systems been granted to various degrees in order to encourage the creation of new things. Freedom of expression is a civil right, and one which we may see fit to limit in order to encourage development. Dismissing it as wanting "torrents of The Office [as] a civil right" is about as offensive to the people you're having the discussion with as dismissing the Catholic church as 'using a so-called mandate from God to get away with getting drunk' during Prohibition. People are having a real discussion about the limits of government, and you're dismissing it with hand-waving assertions of non-existent rights, and accusations of shallowness and greed towards anyone who would dare to find anything there to discuss. The dedication of statues may be important to you, but it's as important to me as the record of the Windward Islands cricket team last year. Do I support a minimum wage? Yes. Do I think a minimum wage is a right? Only in the jurisdictions that recognize it as one. I beg to differ. If people can buy drugs or launder money easier with bitcoin than with coin coin, people are going to want bitcoin. I think more that it needs some utility over other currencies within some context. That utility margin will bring stability. And I'd be able to buy bitcoin from drug dealers trying to convert bitcoin into cash, buy shoes from someone with the bitcoin, and that someone could sell that bitcoin to someone looking to buy drugs from a drug dealer. The demand for bitcoin naturally smears over the entire market for bitcoin. Even non-MMTers. If you are from the US, you have to pay your taxes in US dollars, and judgments in court against you are payable in USD. No, it's getting information some random website can access by offering you a picture of a lollipop. Stranger danger? I think it's that you're giving them access based on a picture of a lollipop, while having absolutely no idea who you're giving that access to. Never take candy from strangers. Depends on your definition of close friends, and your definition of acquaintances. If acquaintances include the boyfriend of someone you somewhat knew in high school, then my use of a pseudonym that I had never used before worked for acquaintances while using facebook. What it didn't work for was people who simply had my name but didn't know any of my friends and/or were not specifically invited by me in facebook or real life to become my friend. If you were looking for a guy who had my real name on facebook, you were out of luck. If you noticed one of your friends having a conversation with me, and asked who I was and knew me/recognized who I was due to the content of the conversation/recognized me as likely someone you might want to know based on your sampling of my adjacent nodes and my public content, you would have been able to find me. >"There is enormous value to me in having people's names online be discoverable and searchable by the name that I actually know them by." Not everybody wants to be discoverable in the same way. I may not want you to be able to find me just because you know my name. Maybe I want to avoid old one night stands/people I did drugs with/people I was in prison with/the obsessed schizophrenic who lives in my building and rely on my current network of friends and serendipity to populate my friend list. I think the most important question is whether you are tolerant or intolerant towards that - noting that even if you do require real names, you won't be able to find mine anyway, because I won't be there. That question addressed to google or facebook is: "Are you still interested in me as a customer if you can't track me after I've left your system?" If the answer if "No," you may not be evil, but you're certainly creepy. Are you sure that the publisher paid Samuel Clemens, or are you just assuming that? Things like that are often directed through lawyers in order to maintain the pseudonym. Writers often take pseudonyms seriously, one reason being because what you write could have consequences in your real life. I wish I could upvote this a hundred times. You cannot, by definition, simultaneously maintain a trade deficit and reduce the sum of public and private debt. I hate to trot this link out again, but: http://internationalecon.com/Finance/Fch5/F5-9.php >Is there a well known relationship between government debt and private debt? Yes. "[...T]he difference between the government budget deficit and the trade deficit must equal the difference between private saving and investment[...]" http://internationalecon.com/Finance/Fch5/F5-9.php Holding the trade deficit constant and lowering government debt implies a rise in private debt. Your confusion is based on the fact that there's no such thing as a "Treasury IOU." It's a made-up prejudicial term to trivialize the Treasury bonds held by Social Security, used by people who argue that SS is insolvent. If the US government selectively defaulted on the Treasury bonds held by Social Security, would there be repercussions on the bond market? I don't know. It depends on whether you would continue to loan money to someone who was stealing from their children's piggy bank to pay off their bills. Maybe, if every other option for storing money was worse. What it would absolutely be was a theft of funds disproportionally levied from low income people to give as a gift to all other bondholders. Exactly. There's no global police force that comes to foreclose on your country when your debt hits a certain level. What happens is that when people have doubts about your ability to pay your debts on time (relative to other investment options,) you have to pay a higher interest rate. But in the case of US debt, the opposite seems to be true: http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-iFxt2vNk2y0/TZNxgTINNEI/AAAAAAAAAW... When Moody's downgraded the US credit rating, the response was a rush to, not a flight from government bonds. Unless you read the parent. >We were merely reducing one kind of debt, namely debt held by the public. Total debt continued to increase. I wasn't recommending holding the trade deficit constant, I was isolating the relationship between public and private savings. And if I ever say "all other things being equal," I'm not actually recommending that all other things be made equal. That's just a meaningless assertion. SS money doesn't just go into the general fund, bonds are issued. That's what the entire discussion was about. When you buy bonds, the money goes into the general fund, too. Is buying bonds a "plain ol' tax?" I didn't know the difference between an IOU and a bond is that IOUs can't be sold. I'll need a reference to IOU law for that, because I always thought that they only existed as a talking point from the Heritage Foundation dating from somewhere around the beginning of the Bush administration. edit: You know what functions of government don't hold any bonds? Almost all of them. Are the roads a pyramid scheme? Is all government a pyramid scheme? I still find it tough to believe that there's a group of people who say that: 1. Because the government can selectively default on the bonds held by Social Security if it votes to selectively default on the bonds held by Social Security. 2. Therefore, Social Security is an unsustainable pyramid scheme, 3. Therefore, the government should default on the bonds held by Social Security. The government can also selectively default on the bonds held by me personally, or by China, or by anyone not named Todd. I can also collect their shares of the rent from all of my roommates, deposit it into my general fund at the bank, spend all the money on crack, then set the house on fire. The point of view of the "IOU" people is that my roommates should vote for me to do that, because once the money was in my bank account it transformed into whimsy and unicorns and at least the commitment to the crack binge and imminent homelessness gives them the certainty to plan for the future. If the government is defaulting on any bonds, as an American, you have more to worry about than your retirement, namely roving bands of cannibals in the street and nuclear fallout, or that the Peter Peterson Foundation has finally taken back the White House. Gubuntu. Luckily, Unity starts with 'U' already, so everything works out in the end. >Switch to Linux Mint, which is Debian-based and appears to use the "old" GNOME 2 Linux Mint isn't Debian-based, but Ubuntu-based. He may be referring to Linux Mint Debian Edition, which tracks Debian Testing. I don't think Republicans are evil. I think people who make arguments that rely on renaming something that already has a name, then rely on the connotations carried with that new name to imply that which is to be proven are misguided. I feel I've responded to everything you've said. None of what I said was intended to imply that Social Security will exist next year. There is a resurgent philosophical contagion that intends to whittle away all government functions until it is purely a police force to protect private property. They could easily succeed. Chicago is as flat as a board. Reclaimed swamp. The car-intellectual property comparison is dubious when the MPAA is comparing downloading movies to carjacking, and it's equally dubious in this situation. When you're sold a DVD in a game on it, you're buying the physical DVD to the same degree to which you're buying the wrapper when you buy a candy bar - as a container of the useful purchase. When you're buying a car, you're buying a car. You definitely have to make a case that the expensive wine passes the second test. This will be a good thing for the world, because a lot of this stuff is common knowledge yet not published because journalists don't want to be beheaded along with their families, but it will be bad for the kidnapped kid, who will likely end up slowly tortured to death and mutilated. So I have mixed feelings. The solution is not to get ditch diggers to go to college, but to respect ditch diggers. Our society, and Brooks, has respect for a person that increases exponentially with the distance between that person and productive physical work. The world cannot function solely on the fruits of debates and negotiations between middlemen. Ditch diggers have to exist. What we have to determine is if we will continually have the debate between whether they will be guaranteed to be paid enough to live, or whether the market determines that we should reduce their living conditions and liberties in order to bring their cost to a rate that keeps certain products and businesses viable. I don't find it inconsistent. Not-good is not negative, it's neutral. Martial arts skill is good, lack of martial arts skills is neutral. Also, knowledge is good, education is only good to the extent that it brings you knowledge, and neither mean that you don't drive a garbage truck. If it helps, replace ditch-diggers with skiploader drivers. Replace assembly line workers with robot repairmen. The point is that somebody will have to be doing something, rather than just directing and allocating people who are doing something. 1. It's not a competitive market; each person who wants to watch a particular movie only has between one and maybe four choices of venue until the travel costs outstrip any differences in price. Any number of these could be owned by the same chain. 2. In addition, there's no way to compare concession prices easily before making that choice; once the potential buyer of popcorn, even assuming they're looking at the popcorn prices before buying a ticket, has seen those prices, they need to add the relative travel time to speculative estimates of other theaters' popcorn prices. 3. Lastly, they collude, and all the prices are about the same. Good luck getting somebody to let you run their movie in your theater-killer that leads on concession prices. Vertical integration was a term invented about the movie theater industry; contracts are in place. cyanogenmod for Touchpad: http://rootzwiki.com/topic/3477-releasealpha2discussion-cyan... If that you could care less is the most you can say about something, that's an insult. If you say that you couldn't care less, that's just a lie - you're responding to it. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Damn_with_faint_praise I love David Mitchell, but this rant by other people is a long held irritation of mine: false pedantry:) I don't buy that raising the incarceration rate leads to lowered crime unless you're putting people away for life. Seems more likely to create a larger number of people on the street with few job skills and a criminal record. Prison is where people who dabble in criminality become criminals for life. Now, the idea that the drugs involved in the drug glut that brought on the peak in crime have been forced to lower prices without lowering risk - that seems plausible. Venkatesh's books showed us how little foot soldiers were making when the prices were twice what they are now. It is moronic that he thinks that informing cops about child porn on a computer he hacked would get him out of trouble, or get the pedophile in trouble - but the odds that a pedophile is going to call the police and complain about being hacked seem to be to be about where he puts them. He's not talking about "going after" the pedophile, he's talking about hacking the pedophile to have somebody to hack. Out of curiosity, what possible laws did he break by going through a few public databases, facebook, whois data and google, and what does it have to do with computer forensics? I did this same type of thing to go after a 4chan-type troll who was attacking my blog a few years ago. and it was a joy to really effectively stop somebody who thought they were anonymous on the internet. His goal seems to be to keep the page from coming up on google searches on "Steve"'s families' names. He definitely shouldn't have mentioned the guy's wife and kids, but it's certainly not against the law. It's definitely not bright to admit in public to hacking computers in the same way it's not bright to admit in public to doing drugs, but it isn't actually against any law but the law of prudence and good sense. Without a baseline, how would I be able to tell if those statistics were frightening? That's not an argument, just a weird insult. As far as I've heard, almost nobody clicks on ads. Just because ads produce enough revenue to support a business, don't assume that that means that a majority ever clicks on them. That's akin to an argument I read a lot on HN when people complain about particular content always getting on the front page (bitcoin, apple-this-or-that); that if it's getting on the front page, a majority must be for it. According to this article from 2009 reporting about some consultant study that divided people into "heavy clickers, moderate clickers, light clickers and non-clickers" of ads, between 2007 and 2009, the non-clickers grew from "68 to 84% percent of the entire Internet population." http://econsultancy.com/us/blog/4720-16-of-users-click-on-ba... The study also claimed that the more savvy people became about the internet, the less likely they clicked on ads. The population as a whole is becoming more savvy about the internet. Pure anecdote, but I and my sister (2 of 2) were born almost exactly two years apart, and I know that before she was born, there was an absurd amount of attention paid to me for the first couple of years (judging by the sheer balance of photography.) I was also read to constantly, and learned to read fairly well before kindergarten. By the time my sister was a couple of years old, it was me that was constantly reading to her. The age distance there allowed me to be able to teach her things as well as my parents, and I'm sure that the act of reading for her and showing her things helped me to strengthen my grip on those things myself. As adults, we're both 99 percentile types now, according to IQ and standardized tests and such. I'm not sure had the dynamic been different, we would have turned out the same way. Since crack babies don't exist, but black people have been have been the majority of people incarcerated for crack related offenses (though they are not the majority of crack users), I'm assuming that you're just awkwardly trying to specify black people? http://www.nationalreviewofmedicine.com/issue/2005/07_30/2_f... That assumes both that the increase in reading scores due to increasing family income is linear, and that annual family income and birth spacing are completely independent of each other. I don't talk to my friends for evidence, I look at studies. Google's ad revenue has nothing do with what the majority of anybody does. Google is doing ads well, better than they had been done before, and ads have gradually become more relevant and less seedy; I could see those two things countering the slide of clicks, at least in their case, but maybe in all cases. I don't have a problem with ads, and I would start clicking on them if the odds that it wouldn't be a waste of my time got better. I do have a problem with bald-assed assertions instead of arguments, defended by insults that assume that you know anything about anyone else's circle of friends but your own. His case for the notability of his friend doesn't seem to add anything that hadn't already been considered by the Wikipedians already, and his attitude was monstrously shitty. Especially his reaction to the guy/girl that removed his comments on the page that said not to leave comments on it, saving them on his "user page" with a helpful message about the process to get the debate, which was already over, reopened. I hate the tone of this. He knows what should be in Wikipedia, and what they should consider notable under their standards, yet feels put upon by having to know what a "talk page" or "deletion review" is, and assaulted by being informed of a talk page being created for him. In turn, he assaults the random person who tried to help him with his goal by saving his work and giving him directions with more than a half dozen paragraphs of angry, condescending tl;dr like he was reading his list of grievances to the King of Wikipedia. I seem to be dropping like a stone here, so let me go on forever about this: 1. Danny Sullivan hears that his friend Jessie Stricchiola, a pioneer in fighting click fraud, has been deleted from Wikipedia. 2. He somehow gets to a discussion about the deletion of her page on Wikipedia. On it is a debate between 13 people about whether her page should be deleted, and at the top of that page is a detailed explanation by the editor that made the final decision why that decision was made. 3. At the top of this page is an explanation that this page is an archive, and that any comments should be added to the article's "talk page" or a "deletion review". The text for "deletion review" is a link to this page: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Deletion_review which explains Wikipedia's deletion review policies, and offers a pretty clear six step process for having a deletion reviewed. 4. Author rages and instead writes on archive page. Summary: a. Stricchiola was a founding member of SEMPO, the largest trade group of the search marketing industry. b. Stricchiola was the earliest, and the largest stature person in the area of click fraud. c. Co-authored a popular book on click fraud. 5. Some time later, author gets an email from Wikipedia saying his "talk page" had been created and changed. When he clicks through, he is shown what changes were made, and they are a suggestion by one of the participants in the debate on deletion that his comments will not be read on the archive page, and yet another link to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Deletion_review which, again, explains Wikipedia's deletion review policies, and offers a pretty clear six step process for having a deletion reviewed. 6. Instead of following this link, he clicks through the link in the email that told him how to get in contact with the person that edited his "talk page." 7. It clicks him through to a page that it then tells him not to touch. That's really annoying, but it immediately gives him the link to the place to talk to him in the same place. 8. He rages at this user about being asked to go through "some arcane cryptic obscure Wikipedia deletion review process," and asks why this user didn't just do it for him. He tells this Wikipedia editor that the decision to delete Stricchiola's article came from "the insane closed little world of Wikipedia editors, where non-specialist editors pretend to be experts on what’s notable[...]", and refers to his general feeling that "contributing anything to Wikipedia is a big giant waste of time[...]" I don't know much about Wikipedia, and don't care whether Stricchiola is notable or not, or included or not, except in the general sense that I support the mission of Wikipedia and find it useful, and I hope that they at least keep it as useful as it has been, or make it even more useful. I want friction in my crowd-sourced encyclopedia, and know that it is far less friction than would occur in the World Book, where the appeal process would be far more obscure, and far less democratic. The deletion review process seemed pretty clear and quick to me. There was a lot of copying and pasting involved, it would be nice to have a button for that, but I'm not sure that the free form nature of the debate on the deletion page lends itself well to one. I consider this a flaw in the deletion page, not a reason not to simplify the process, but there is something to say in having a bit of friction in a process to reopen a debate that had already been concluded. The sense of entitlement in this blog entry astounds me. I'm really surprised that so many people sympathize. --- edit: I did skip the conclusion. In the end, he does go to the "deletion review" page. Instead of following the six step process (and notably not including a screenshot of that in his blog entry), he decides that it's the wrong page, and instead finds another page with a banner on top that begins: "Please note that this page is NOT for challenging the outcome of deletion discussions[...]" More righteous condemnation ensues. Maybe I'm a fast reader, so try timing yourself reading this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Deletion_review#Steps... . I don't find it to be much more than a minute. From the second paragraph of the deletion review page: "Deletion review (DRV) considers disputed deletions and disputed decisions made in deletion-related discussions and speedy deletions. This includes appeals to restore deleted pages and appeals to delete pages kept after a prior discussion." Further down, under the heading "What is this page for?", in a bold box: "Deletion Review is the process to be used to challenge the outcome of a deletion debate or to review a speedy deletion. "1. Deletion Review is to be used where someone is unable to resolve the issue in discussion with the administrator (or other editor) in question. This should be attempted first – courteously invite the admin to take a second look. "2. Deletion Review is to be used if the closer interpreted the debate incorrectly, or if the speedy deletion was done outside of the criteria established for such deletions. "3. Deletion Review may also be used if significant new information has come to light since a deletion and the information in the deleted article would be useful to write a new article. "4.[...]" This seems to describe precisely your situation, except that I don't think that you ever tried #1. Correct me if you think I'm misinterpreting this. >1. One person at Wikipedia declares a 7-6 vote to be a "consensus." It's good that you put quotes there, because Wikipedia has their own rules for determining what they call a consensus. As far as I can tell, they have to do with unanswered arguments. I can see why, because I'd be able to keep my band in high school on Wikipedia by simply calling my friends and knowing that the against side wouldn't be able to find 50 people who gave a shit either way. >2. The same person at Wikipedia, when alerted to a comment with and substantial information that hadn't been cited before does nothing. I don't remember what was in your blog entry, but I don't remember you ever getting in contact with "Mkativerata", the person who decided the consensus, just writing on the closed archive page. He/she most probably never saw it, according to the message helpfully left for you by Metropolitan90. 3. A second person at Wikipedia, also alerted to the same comment, also does nothing other than leave a message that I should do a Deletion Review. The "second person", who noticed the comment, does nothing but leave a friendly message that told you that your other message would likely not be read, and referred you to the same link that was at the top of the archive page that you edited. Sounds like nothing but kindness coming from Wikipedia's side, and success at keeping to the standards that they intend to keep to. The only failure I see here is the failure of a person who believes that they have a strong case for the inclusion of an entry in Wikipedia to ever make that case to anyone, through an angry refusal to follow simple directions or to show any respect to people he certainly demands a lot of respect from. Also, let me apoligize for replying to this again, because you've certainly gotten enough shit for a few misunderstandings during what was obviously a frustrating process for you. I just feel that when somebody completely fails in every way to follow directions, to the point where I feel that you still haven't read them even to answer criticism, and condemns Wikipedia with a broad brush in an article with a linkbait title, I should do my bit to keep that meme from flourishing. The contract wouldn't be enforceable. What's disingenuous about programming on a site called "Hacker News," and what would be left other than political posts if you took out the startup and programming stuff? And to a significant degree, he and people who used the concepts and structures that he originated have pushed reality in that direction. I think the problem is the quality of the deliberation of "deliberate practice." There are metaskills, such as reason, logic, understanding of cause and effect, statistical analysis, etc. that effect the acquisition of all skills, partially through the method of improving the efficiency of memory. If you learn one skill that has five objects, consisting of two transformations of two of those objects into another two of those objects, and three relationships between those two resultant objects that result in the fifth object, you've just learned a complicated skill. But if you've learned how to find potential isomorphisms between those objects, transformations, and relationships and other objects, transformations, and relationships in the world through the use of reason, logic, understanding of cause and effect, and statistics, and how to vet them well, then each further discovery will immediately generate skills that weren't possessed before, and some of them may even be novel. Without the ability to recognize those isomorphisms, each skill would have to be learned separately, and remembered separately. It's like the difference between languages like Old English, where to pluralize a word or to create a possessive would require learning another word, and normalized languages like most of Modern English or the Romance languages where you can just apply a transformation to words that you already know. In the leap from Old English to Modern English, English speakers were given a gift of an expanded memory. I hope that didn't sound like word salad. Basically, if I had to get by on sheer memory, I'd be screwed, because mine is miserable. What I can do is reason to the same place under the same conditions often enough that my memory will eventually leap there out of habit. To get good results out of this requires a strong foundation that sadly both isn't formally taught or emphasized in our educational system (outside of mathematics and the hard sciences), just gleaned through the sheer effort of having to memorize an enormous amount of information. I don't deny that some genetically predetermined concentrations of proteins in the brain could give you a leg up on this, but I deny that any brain that has all of its pieces couldn't possibly outperform every other brain on this planet in any particular area. I operate under the assumption that advances in reason will be made and distributed during millennia to come that will give the average 10 year old the equipment to understand within a day things that would have taken a person in the early 21st century a dozen lifetimes of what counts as "deliberate practice" now. We invented language to spread information and ways to reason about that information, and it's worked. First we spoke it, then we wrote it, then we manufactured it, now we're almost bathing in it. If we manage not to 'splode ourselves within the next 100,000 years, we should be as advanced in reasoning over our current selves as our current selves are over who we were 20,000 years ago. Why 100,000? I'm assuming diminishing returns because of the discoveries that we sometimes make of walls like quantum physics, where we discover things that are even theoretically unknowable. Probably a primitive assumption:) At this point in time, we jump to mystical theories of the undetectable secret superiority of the successful, after defining superiority as being successful (at the rate of gaining returns with practice), which is completely circular logic that discounts "deliberate practice" as a skill in itself. The author shows that actual numbers bear this out. He's got a lot of other interesting articles about the dynamics of deliberate practice. Thanks for the link. That's a pretty low blow. What he wrote was extremely clear, though clearly his punctuation was terrible and his spelling was shaky. If it had been read to you out loud, you wouldn't have noticed an issue: "Managers, salespeople, and lawyers with [a] poor understanding of math as basic as adding fractions are very risky. It's not that they can't perform most job functions, it's that they are extremely likely to make costly mistakes. 'When should I add one more person to keep people from charging as much overtime?' Or, the old: 'Should I offer overtime or comp time?' etc. As [for] salespeople and lawyers, effective negotiation require[s] them to be able to say: 'I can't drop the price any more but I can do X' (which costs us less), etc. "Graphic[...] designers often use a lot of math directly when working out layouts and things. An intuitive understanding and lots of effort can help compensate, but it's a significant loss if they can't do simple math on how tall / wide things are when you scale them." Is that written poorly enough to take the time to passive-aggressively call someone stupid on the internet? I'm not saying that I like to read emails like that, I'm saying that to accuse somebody of having difficulties thinking when they have difficulties in grammar and spelling is a low blow. The brother of an ex of mine is a dyslexic PhD geologist who uses a combination of text-to-speech and assistants to do a lot of important research work. English orthography is weird, and is largely used as a class marker to dismiss people with no regard to the content of what they're saying. In addition, it's not at all unlikely that English is onemoreact's second or third language. It'd be different if the argument was incoherent, or took a huge amount of effort to understand. I just corrected the grammar for illustration. I didn't have any problem understanding it. Pluralizing with an apostrophe or not using quotation marks are even common with people who have English as a first language, and are signs of discomfort or lack of practice with English writing, which could be the result of dyslexia, English as an eighth language, or any other reason. Could even be stupidity, but when the ideas are coherent, to jump to that just seems to be a way to feel superior to someone. Seemed like an intelligent enough comment to me, even though I would extend it to the reading comprehension that the author of the subject of this thread must lack to fail a 10th grade reading test with 62%, then further extend it to become a belligerent attack on management in general. The school boards in America are still debating evolution every single year. I add, of course, that school boards have nothing to do with teacher's unions, and break them more often than they support them. I wish you luck in your struggle. See CentOS; reduce sarcasm. When somebody says that they didn't mean to be insulting, that doesn't mean that they meant to be non-insulting. If I run to catch a bus, and I didn't mean to start with my right foot, it doesn't mean that I meant to start with my left. Not liking something is different than it being "no good for everyone." Though you see that your culture is not everyone's, not acceptable within your culture is not equivalent to not acceptable full stop. Not everyone agrees with your permissions rule distinctions between instructional works and literary works, but this does not mean that what they are doing is not ok. Being criticized is not the same as not being allowed to express yourself. P.S.: Characterizing all possible arguments against your position as soon to be replaced trendiness disqualifies anyone from having a discussion on this subject with you, and pre-insults anyone who would want to. You can't sell the software in the sense that you can't sell the permission to use the software. Somebody can use the software if it was distributed to them by someone who you distributed it to, for example. I think to anyone who requests it, within a reasonable period of time, for at most a reasonable fee to cover your expenses for sending it to them IIRC. This is video of stoned ex-drug cop Barry Cooper explaining how police can make their dogs false alert: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J41K2XHpNnE And this is video of a cop doing it: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hkw8KgZ_LhU Yes, it is, in the sense that it is a common factor across every *nix system that you may need to deal with. Emacs isn't going to be everywhere. Those are not strawmen, those are called examples. What he's saying is that "naturalness" or "antiquity" does not mean that something shouldn't be tested. For example , running is obviously very natural and old, and that doesn't mean that it shouldn't be tested. So: > Who and where exactly is anyone arguing that "we shouldn't be conducting long-term studies of the health benefits and risks of running at various intensities" ? just reinforces his point, because it was meant to be a statement that everyone could easily agree with. Pre-existing bias towards testing and researching in order to approach the truth is a virtue, and to dismiss it while simultaneously attacking by misusing the tools of reason and logic that are its fruits when it is situationally convenient to you is both silly and entirely dishonest. I'm pretty sure he actually meant to put all arguments about legality aside. Any service, no matter how legal, that enables you to easily download high quality label music, no matter how illegal that process is, will be intolerable. Probably under an article talking about some specific benefit of social networking. Hopefully no one will be enraged by your only analyzing the truth of that benefit there, rather than recounting everything terrible about social networking that went unmentioned. When you respond to a Santorum argument about the terrible things about gay marriage with a list of good things about gay marriage, you have accepted his arguments as true, and started a new discussion. Her reasons, I think, are as Moglen suggests. She has a false concern for social networking privacy issues that only exists to the extent to which she will not be inconvenienced in any way. She's not willing to indict herself in an article, because her chosen journalistic posture is to present real debates as interesting abstractions rather than as actual moral questions that should have implications on your daily behavior. You really couldn't be both against apartheid and play Sun City, no matter how much you said you sympathized. Because the constitution is setting up the rules for what can completely superceed it. Basically: Congress and the President must follow these rules when governing the country, except when they agree not to, as declared in these same rules. I get the need for treaties and and federal laws to superceed local laws, but that laws have to be made pursuant to the Constitution while treaties only have to be made under the authority of the United States, defined as the President and 2/3 of the Senate, is odd. Seems as though they could legally eliminate all constitutional obligations through treaty, or even enter into a treaty to use a different constitution. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bricker_Amendment#Legal_backgro... Stealing a cake is definitely theft, then. I understand the creepy feeling, though. And I'm pretty sure that through treaty, they've dramatically lowered the bar for entering into a treaty to simple Presidential whim. According to Wikipedia, "executive agreements" outnumber actual treaties by 10:1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaties#United_States_law Stallman is an intentionally public person who wants you to know these things. I've never used Django, I don't have any HN buddies, I haven't lived in Arkansas for 15 years, and you are currently replying to a piece of my very public HN history on HN . Point taken, and partially agreed with, but the fact that facebook is systematically doing this about every aspect of every individual's life would guarantee that getting better info than you got about me, in a shorter time, would be trivial. No offense taken at all, and it's a good point. It's just that what facebook is doing makes random googling look primitive. No, "Literature" is the label for works of middle-class introspection, whereas "Genre" fictions are books that are about any other subject matter. If you move from actually having a subject to making your subject a metaphor for middle-class internal conflicts, you have made the move from Genre to Lit. I'm usually sympathetic to that argument, but the origin of 'begs the question' is philosophical jargon, and the misuse of it perpetually reproduces itself from people hearing it being used properly, not understanding what is being said, and trying to parse the phrase to figure out what it means. Since the phrasing is anachronistic, there's really no chance that they'll come up with 'asks you to accept as true' for 'begs,' and 'the conclusion' for 'the question.' But honestly, if you mean to say 'brings up the question' you should just say it, instead of reaching for an anachronistic pithy phrase or buzzword. You are wrong. >Nobody uses it with that meaning anymore, the phrase has taken on a different meaning. I hear it used in its original meaning as often as I hear it being used in the other way. Losing the original meaning would be a bad thing, because it describes something that is difficult to describe, whereas 'asks me to ask this following question" is just a wordy, empty transition when usually the entire phrase should be replaced with "so." >[So,] just how far away can you get from our world of generic convenience? And how would you figure that out? better? I've definitely never met anyone who used it to mean "I'm about to ask another question" who was aware of the original meaning of the phrase when asked, so we must live at antipodes. >Why is it not the most important moment of his career? is not a serious question, esp. in light of tptacek's laundry list which you are replying to - it's really up to you to make a positive case rather than up to the universe to make a negative one; and: >how many [of the thousands and thousands of CK-level entertainers over a hundred years] have done anything resembling this recent special? is not a serious argument, though it seems to be a declaration that selling his own movie has made him the greatest entertainer (at his level) in history, which is funny. That happens whenever anyone is paying attention to anyone else, at least amongst apes. I vaguely recall an experiment about chimps watching people pick up oranges. Observation producing strikingly similar brain activity to participation is why amputees with phantom limb cramps can be helped by observing the opposite limb being loosened up and relaxed reflected in a mirror placed where the missing limb would be. You're overestimating the influence of Hacker News, and underestimating the historical concern that people have had about their personal information being used to power commercial business. http://groups.csail.mit.edu/mac/classes/6.805/articles/priva... Hacker News, 1890? Do you have any information about the cable TV subscription rates of the poor, or are you just trotting out bullshit theories of poverty as lack of impulse control and proper priority setting that were already dusty when Reagan took office? edit: That is definitely information. Appreciate the references (that were given as a reply to the other comment.) Will look at them later to see if they answer the question that came to mind as I was reading your numbers; what's the churn? How many people were in that 14% during any particular period? For example, if I did a survey during a famine to find out how many people had a meal that day, and found out 2/3s had, it would be incorrect to say that only 1/3 of people had been effected. I definitely didn't write any HTML, CSS, or javascript in college, but I feel like I use algorithmic analysis stuff from there at least once an hour. Data structure stuff I use a bit less often, because I'm usually just using what I've been given by some framework - but if I have some huge bizarre piece of state that I'm passing around, knowing how to structure it or find what I want in it efficiently comes in handy. Those things were a bit of a terror to learn in class, whereas the basics of HTML took a day or two, the basics of CSS took a good week or two to completely get my head around, and the worst part about javascript was getting my head around a C looking language that didn't behave at all like C. All of this was stuff I couldn't help picking up because I had to complete projects for money. Understanding how a O(n log n) algorithm looked or how fast something was going to fill up all of my ram would not have been something I learned on my own without years of experience of benchmarking and debugging, without school. edit: I do share the experience of the author of not using any language that I used in college, since college. That's certainly not the fault of the languages, C++ and Java, which are still probably the most widely used outside of the web (well, servlets, but I hated Java.) But if it had been a .NET college teaching me how to automate Excel, I may have killed myself, though I have collected paychecks for doing just that, since. I live in the US. I don't know a single person who works in construction. I don't know a single poet, or truck driver. I don't know any chemists, or anyone who has worked in a nuclear power plant. In fact, I've never even met a dog groomer. Seriously! But they keep telling me that it's happening all around me. They tell me that there are people that exist that I haven't met yet, and may never meet. I'd ask him. Virding's one of the original inventors of erlang, and also an erlang with a lispy syntax called "Lisp-Flavoured Erlang", so I'm sure he has a plan. Or he was bored, and playing around with mutable state on the Erlang VM. That's a rant aimed at consumers of software, not the producers. That's the definition of scare quotes. "Scare quotes are quotation marks placed around a word or phrase to indicate that it does not signify its literal or conventional meaning." "If scare quotes are enclosing a word or phrase that does not represent a quotation from another source they may simply serve to alert the reader that the word or phrase is used in an unusual, special, or non-standard way or should be understood to include caveats to the conventional meaning." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scare_quotes I would imagine that a program to detect you by writing style in the way explained here could also be able to anonymize your writing too, with a little rewriting itself. Or even used to frame other authors. Scare quotes don't have anything to do with your opinion of the author. Scare quotes are quotes that are editorial rather than informational. I have absolutely no opinion on the standard, so I'm not sure why you keep telling me extraneous shit. Read what I typed; don't get upset when people accuse you of using scare quotes when you're using scare quotes. edit: sorry, I was wrestling with a stubborn CPU fan, and you seemed like that CPU fan. Turns out the CPU fan was not stubborn, but well-designed, and I probably wasn't communicating well. My edit meant that I was swearing at strangers on the internet about definitions. That's a bit overheated. Now we're both just passively cooling. I'm also the kind of person who can drink coffee at night, or can have a couple of cups of coffee after dinner, and not notice any effect on my sleeping. I'm definitely not addicted, because I rarely drink coffee on weekends - so the last three day period I went without coffee was this past weekend. I usually go to bed between 9:30 and 11:00, and I drink my coffee black if that makes a difference. Maybe it's all the sugar that's keeping people up (or it could be that different people have significantly variant biochemistries; who knew?) edit: I knew I remembered seeing this... http://bodyodd.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2011/09/02/7562142-coffee... http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0195666311... Abstract: "We explored whether caffeine, and expectation of having consumed caffeine, affects attention, reward responsivity and mood using double-blinded methodology. 88 participants were randomly allocated to ‘drink-type’ (caffeinated/decaffeinated coffee) and ‘expectancy’ (told caffeinated/told decaffeinated coffee) manipulations. Both caffeine and expectation of having consumed caffeine improved attention and psychomotor speed. Expectation enhanced self-reported vigour and reward responsivity. Self-reported depression increased at post-drink for all participants, but less in those receiving or expecting caffeine. These results suggest caffeine expectation can affect mood and performance but do not support a synergistic effect." Conspiracy theory vs. conspiracy theory? Very related case: http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2011-08-25/news/ct-met-ea... "In the recording, which the one juror said was replayed several times in the jury room, Alejo was heard explaining to Moore that she might be wasting her time because it was basically her word against that of the patrol officer. Alejo also said they could 'almost guarantee' that the officer would never bother her again if she dropped the complaint. "'When we heard that, everyone (on the jury) just shook their head,' juror Adams said in a telephone interview. 'If what those two investigators were doing wasn't criminal, we felt it bordered on criminal, and she had the right to record it.'" I've been fascinated with that idea for years - multi-layer largely independent games that affect each other. I've been playing with the idea in the board game space, for example, having a board game where the players are gods fighting each other, being played at the same time as a board game with the players as men competing against each other, with events in each game effecting the other. Does anybody know of any games (board or other) on the market that operate like this? I'd be curious to check them out. Wow, time would be a big problem when designing something like that. You'd either have to decouple or market the different games to different types of players - for example a slow 20 minute a day empire-building game layered on top of an addictive grinding World of Warcrack type thing. Something to think about. Thanks for the slicecity link. Quick book recommendation if you want to read descriptions of dozens of incidents from around the world of groups of girls around the same age that go to the same school or belong to the same convent going through the exact same thing while their parents and community leaders demand answers from the government and blame pollution, demons, or witchcraft. OUTBREAK! The Encyclopedia of Extraordinary Social Behavior by Hilary Evans and Robert Bartholomew. This type of thing seems to potentially happen in any group, but these group Tourette's-like symptoms are particularly frequent in institutionalized young girls under stress. If this case is typical, we'll eventually find out that the girl who started twitching first was a fairly popular or influential girl within the group and has a troubled personal history, or even actually was having some sort of seizure condition that nobody was aware of. You'll be able to connect her to every other girl because they either saw her or heard about her before showing symptoms themselves. http://www.anomalistbooks.com/book.cfm?id=37 The authors' stated goal in compiling the book was as a reference for studying whatever it is about people that makes this happen. Pretty great bedtime reading. At a similar event at Qawa Primary School on the Fijian island of Vanau Levu, the girls were cured by: "[...]a Hindu priest ( pandit ) who asked the Hindu elephant god for help in appeasing the disturbed spirits of [an accidentally partially bulldozed sacred pool near the school playground] during a public Om Shanti ceremony." from: OUTBREAK! The Encyclopedia of Extraordinary Social Behavior by Hilary Evans and Robert Bartholomew. http://www.anomalistbooks.com/book.cfm?id=37 I think the key is to be very solemn and convincing, and to either honestly believe you're effecting a cure, or never let on that you're bullshitting. You've been viciously downvoted here, but you should have expected it. Hacker News has a pretty libertarian contingent that thinks that the acknowledgment that people have different experiences is equivalent to asserting that people have different capacities, because of an underlying assumption that the baseline experience is equal for everyone. The kind of thought process that sees it as obvious that a claim that Affirmative Action is needed is equivalent to a claim that minorities are naturally inferior. Contrary to what some people say, these situations are very often a gender thing. They tend to happen in places where girls are most limited in expression, at times when they are most limited in expression. The range of behavior considered normal for teenage girls in the US is severely limited compared to what is considered acceptable for teenage boys. When I was in high school, I could wear the same dirty jeans every day, I could start a band that wore mouse ears and played top 40 pop songs backwards, I could spend 12 hours straight programming my computer at home, I could go to school without shoes on and completely ignore my hair unto entropy. If I were a girl, not plucking my eyebrows would drop me to low social status at school, and depending on the school maybe even just not wearing makeup would do it. Combine that with letting your hair go to pot and locking yourself away in your room for 12 hours to program your computer, and you might be diagnosed with a psychiatric disorder like aversion or oppositional defiant at best, thrown out of the house at worst. In certain communities around the world, the triggers for deviance might start if you wore pants, or just asked to wear pants, or refused to go to the dance. I swear I've read nationally distributed news articles that start with girls choosing to wear a suit to prom, and end in death threats. Being sick, or possessed by demons, isn't punished in society like the very real female transgressions of sloppy dressing, or being obsessed with math. Sickness and possession are signs of physical or spiritual attack that make you a victim, rather than signs of deviance that make you a threat to the social order. Expression that relieves stress has a lot wider acceptable range in certain groups than in others. The groups with the narrowest options for expression tend to find more bizarre loopholes (sickness and religious mania), resulting in behaviors that seem odd. As a boy, the only thing I was expected to avoid was "acting like a girl." Girls are actually expected to act like girls - whatever strange set of largely male-dictated behavior that entails. edit: Fainting fits were once an expected behavior for women, and special furniture was required . Hysteria was thought of as a disease of female reproductive organs, and was cured through orgasm. special furniture: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fainting_couch the expert's opinion: http://books.google.com/books?id=ilXAFoFg1-8C That $100-$150 per month price point is bad. For $1200 to $1600, you can buy one of these cheap 100cc Chinese scooters easily, and you don't even need an iPhone. Insurance is about $40 a month and usually not even required for such a low displacement engine, and parking and gas are negligible. Also, riding a scooter safely isn't trivial, and isn't a skill most people have already picked up, like driving. Also, stinky herpes helmet or bring your own, and they aren't really that cheap and are sized. Also, I don't want to support starting a new trend of the iPhone being the new facebook login. But what you "don't think that employers think" and "think the real problem is" isn't really backed up by anything but your views of employers and women, is it? Yup. One number rarely tells the entire story. Absolutely. I'm pretty sure that I don't like this guy's politics, his manner irritates me, and every time he says "porn scanners" I get douche chills. But by exposing the truth to the people who pay for it, he's doing god's work and I'm 100% behind him. Not in front of him, but behind him, because he's a brave, tenacious pitbull, and clearly not just fighting for himself. Of course, if some TSA or government representatives show me proof that he was wrong, and in addition prove to me that this is not security theater for the personal profit of government cronies by dismantling some of Bruce Schneier's premises, I'll be 100% behind them too. It's just not likely that'll happen because this guy and Schneier show their work. Oh, I disagree with you now, sorry. You're saying that there's a way that women are and a way that men are that isn't dictated by society, but dictates it, and any deviation is unnatural. I'm saying that women are restricted to certain manners of expression to conform to norms, so they sometimes behave in peculiar ways in order to express themselves yet not be punished. Your argument can be used to justify any form of prejudice that has ever existed, and doesn't rest on any evidence other than your own stereotypes. You actually think that sick men deserve contempt. And that men and women who behave identically should inspire disgust. And you insist that other people are the ones who are trying to force people into norms. Very ugly. The change happened earlier than 2008. It happened when funding was getting dismantled in Congress and subsequently a conservative ombudsman was appointed along with a guy to run operations that used to run Radio Free Europe. After that, it was National Petroleum Radio. Republicans largely support the things that we're objecting to here, along with Obama. Men and women often behave identically, just as men and other men often behave identically. I'm a man and I don't feel contempt for sick men. I'm sorry, I don't mean to be having this conversation, I just misinterpreted your first comment. Go on defending the completely unthreatened by force right of women to watch The Bachelor. I relate to her, and I'm gradually getting over it - but my mindset since I was a child was the only currency that I had an endless supply of was suffering. If I didn't have the money to do something for someone, or to do good in the world, I could spend convenience, time to sleep, comfort, health, or opportunities. I still feel that way, because it's true, but I also feel like I am worth as much as anyone else, and that good done for the selfish is usually at best neutral but probably bad, so that moderates my self-sacrifice. It allows me to narrow my focus to people and ideas that are net goods, and not to hurt myself to help people into a better situation than I am currently in. A nice effect is that I end up maintaining the resources to help people who are worth helping without getting to the point where I'm spending suffering. It's really an accounting problem. If I suffer to death helping selfish people, think about all of the good people that I'm going to miss out on helping. I may end up sacrificing myself and still having a bad net effect in the world. The hippie isn't selling coffee, he's giving it away with terms, but you can clearly lie to the hippie and use the fruits of his labor in a way in which he's specifically asked for them not to be used. I think your second sentence is the thesis that the metaphor is trying to refute, though. Refusing to give you something under terms that you would like is not removing your freedom any more than any other copyright, it's offering you an option other than growing your own. Socialism isn't a specific ideology, it's just a declaration that some collective involuntary actions are legitimate for the good of the group. People who label themselves as socialists range from neo-nazis to hippie farm collectives. Most libertarians believe in involuntary collective enforcement of contracts, many in involuntary collective protection of property, and some in involuntary collective enforcement of exclusive monopolies on intangibles like songs and arrangements of bits. It's important how you define the initiation of force. Accidentally downvoted you when I meant to upvote you. Damn touchscreens... Wow, I remember actually going back to check that and I still got it wrong. Must have been distracted by something shiny. Criticism still applies, though. Part of the cost of buying the coffee is his terms. He's giving you an option that you didn't have before, but if the cost is too high, there's always Starbucks. My questions would be: how many contracts am I signing by simply doing what I like? Am I violating a contract by getting in your car and driving it away? Am I violating a contract by installing a program on my computer? Am I violating a contract by singing a song? Have I initiated force in any of these cases? Are there rights that are granted when I haven't explicitly signed a contract? If so, how will those rights be enforced? If those rights are enforced by voluntary collective policing, in what way can I defend myself against their declarations of more implicit rights? Basically, if I draw a picture of Mohammed, have I initiated force? What about if you leave your door unlocked, I walk into your house, then drink your milk straight out of the carton? Is this an initiation of force, and if it is, what if you lack the size to prevent me from doing it? Lastly, if I walk down skid row with a private bodyguard and a wad of $100 bills, offering to buy people as slaves? If they sign, are they my slaves? If they escape, have they initiated force? Is there an involuntary limit to what can be signed away? tl;dr I'm not getting a clear idea of who defines initiation of force, who enforces violations, and how are the weak protected from the strong. I realize the last one may be a bit of a straw man, because libertarians may not feel that protecting the weak from the strong is moral, but I'm not sure about this. I'm being very radical here, but the thought of the only books being published being by people who actually want to be read rather than waant to be rich is not a problem for me. For craftsmen whose primary goal isn't to communicate or entertain, I'd suggest patrons. I'd certainly sponsor about 1/50 of a writer spread across a curated pool. I'd probably sponsor about 1/200 of a curator. They wouldn't have to even send me the books, I'd just buy them from the printer with the best quality to cost ratio. The GPL is a hack. If copyright goes away, you could just copy, disassemble, or duplicate the funcionality of a piece of sotware in order to learn how to tell your computer to do exactly what you wanted. DRM would go wild and hardware oriented, and a constant arms race would follow, but DRM may be an impossible problem. For example, I'm producing a closed-source, proprietary piece of software to make a living. I will aggressively defend my copyright. Do I believe in copyright? No. But I'm operating in a bad system and I need to eat. In a better world, I'd be doing the same thing as work for hire for a group of actors within the industry who would collectively benefit from it, and customizing for any who had particularly unique use cases. I'd be working to reduce friction for the entire system and to make the tools that computers are generally more useful, rather than reenforcing the oligarchies of the market leaders who can pay my price (which is almost completely unrelated to my effort, but rather to the value of advantage over competitors in an underserved market.) My software being proprietary is just limiting general productivity gains and distorting the market (from whence comes it's value), and my enforcement is just limiting everyone's freedom to use their own machines. another tl;dr, the GPL hack creates an island of freedom within a restrictive framework, and if the restrictive framework is gone there's no need to respect the GPL, a child of that framework. Or 5) Just give them money, like I do with my local college radio station every year. I know many creators of GPL software would absolutely see it differently, but they still wouldn't get to tell me how to use my own computer. Restrictions on your freedom to express yourself is what the GPL was designed to fix, even though it itself is a restriction on your freedoms. We can't oppress the poor DRM artists:) I'm saying that I'm not stealing your car, I'm driving a car, and to introduce "stealing" and "your" involves implicit social contract and collective enforcement. I'm trying to imply that libertarianism is a sort of socialism that has a particular set of values that it finds important to preserve by force. It just simply defines a violation of those values as an initiation of force in order to claim that it is only taking a hard line on freedom of association, expression, and contract. Virtually every modern society claims to support freedom of association, expression, and contract, until it violates the public order, when it transforms into a initiation of force by terrorists. It all depends on how you define the public order. edit: to directly answer your question, I'm a guy who you've never met who breaks your car window, gets into your car, and drives away. If you happen to run into me later, I make no attempt to physically prevent you from getting in your car and driving away, although I have fixed the window and changed the locks. Via links and hat tips help me find other "curators" who I might be interested in. It's a service to the reader, and in addition directs traffic to blogs that the hat tipper has clearly found useful at least once. Consider it federation, if that helps; an aid to discovery. As somebody who was homeless (not the couchsurfing type, but the sleeping under bridges type), I think it could very well be exploitative depending on how much labor is involved and what profit is made from them. I'm not sure what you think minimum wage is for, but I think that keeping poverty from becoming a profit center is one of those things. If people weren't available to work for less than minimum wage "willingly" there wouldn't be a need for it. If they retain all of the profit, then I'm all for it. Have you lost your bet? edit: what if they were being paid $20 a day for being tables, or coatracks? Would it be exploitative yet? People waiting tables for less than minimum wage is also wrong, and a result of lobbying. If it's that minimal, I'm not against it. A lot of people give a fuck about the homeless, you're just projecting. They are human beings with lives, friends, and families. I'm pretty sure that they say that they would feel a certain way if they were in your position too, and it would be just as speculative. I'm not sure if sub-minimum wage wandering appliance is that job. You've convinced me. I'm going to pay a few homeless people $2 an hour to be my coffee grinders and charge hipsters $20/lb to get their beans ground by a real live failure of the social safety net. And I'm never going to reflect on that, and I'm going to get enraged at people who ask me to. You're really assuming that you know a lot about person C without ever meeting him/her. It's really easy to do that when you're just making it up. I've done worse for minimum wage. A dastardly plan! I think you're looking at the wrong derivative. This is 23% improvement of improvement. It's still just 6.4% improvement. Might be easier to see if you think of it as 106.6/105.2, in order to include the baseline. Again, you have no idea what person C does for the homeless, and profiting from poverty is not a selfless act. You also have no idea whether the homeless person has skills, you are just projecting your stereotypes about the homeless. Minimum wage laws are an anti-market baseline, just like statutory rape laws. We use them both to set a general civil upper bound on the level of exploitation. According to that argument, if your current salary is zero, a single cent would be adequate to get you to do anything. If you're self-employed, you're not subject to the minimum wage laws. I really understood it as a knee jerk instant reaction and tried to keep it pretty civil. I'm sure you're a good guy. It's not a list of things when dealing with links, it's the actual things, and as far as I know that's exactly the meaning of 'curate.' It's really really hard to avoid Godwin when discussing the responsibility of the rank and file of an organization for the actions of the whole. It's the model case. No, it's not. It's a debate commonly held when people claim to be innocent of the actions of an institution that they were a part of, and the source of modern debates about the ethics that apply are sourced in the writings of Arendt about the subject. You're not the only person in the room that realizes that Yahoo aren't the Nazis, Facebook aren't the victims of WWII, and Yammer certainly isn't Nurnburg, so cut the name calling and histrionics. Just because naked mole rats aren't ants doesn't mean you can't refer to ants when talking about them, silly. You would still die, just after being humiliated and while clutching a penny. It would be a bad decision to do anything for a penny when you were making nothing, and the person who got you do do it would be a bad person. So, as a society, we choose an amount (not a factor of previous earnings) that is minimally acceptable to us, and if that wage is too high to be profitable for anyone, we prefer (and I prefer) that we just help and not profit. That's a social safety net. Basically you've already conceded that, we're just discussing the amount (to paraphrase something else). I feel it's already been adequately set by law. I just bought another N900 because my current one is a bit long in the tooth, and my fear of being N900-less is huge. Right now, all of my hopes are focused on WebOS and Tizen. The HP Touchpad is really pleasant, and would be awesome running on a GPL'd stack. I'm really going to miss the Maemo 5 UI, though. I like the idea of timed lockout. Teaches the kids how to budget. Without copyright, there would be no need for the GPL. I feel the same way at conferences, and I actually do drink, though I never binge drink. But, that's not why I came to the conference. I can drink at home. I think you're fighting a losing battle, though, because the demographic that is generally involved in programming is essentially the same (with a slight tendency to nerdy and aspie) as the demographic of bros, and going to a conference is like a paid vacation for people who like programming (and aren't too intensely on call) - hence party time. Think state college spring break. I think social awkwardness has an effect, too. I'd venture to say that the computer obsessed tend to more socially awkward, and alcohol offers a crutch when attempting to consciously network. But high income inequality and low social mobility (low social mobility isn't particularly in question) together as facts are at odds with a significant likelihood of folks to lift themselves out of poverty. Proving the "ability" is an existence proof about the future probability of anyone in the class escaping poverty being nonzero, and sets a very low bar for what is acceptable for society, in my opinion. "[...]just 85,000 views[...]" ??? He's not Britney Spears, he's a guy that's looking for enough name recognition to fill clubs on the road. That's all you need if you don't think you're above working for a living. Because slaves would have magicked out of slavery due to the passage of time? I'm not sure why you would laugh in their face rather than suggest alternative scenarios where other processes might have eliminated slavery if Lincoln hadn't happened. I'm not smart enough to understand your comment. Are you saying that free software would have inevitably come to exist with or without Stallman? If you are, I'd say the burden of proof is on you. >Open source was (and would be) alive and well without him. You're making a assertion with no evidence or argument, and using it as a premise to dismiss a rhetorical question. This argument could be made against anyone who stands by any conviction. The diagnosis of some psychological problem solely based on the fact that he won't agree to follow the arbitrary established order which is against his convictions is a common feature of authoritarian regimes. The accusation that if he disagrees with a system of laws because he wants them to be more ethical and less ambiguous he is undermining a social construct that is needed to keep society "humane" is worse. It's not helpful, when someone disagrees with a law or set of laws, to argue against the entire concept of disagreement with law - unless you want to either paint them as an absolutist or an anarchist. Psychological problems are usually diagnosed based on the amount of suffering of the individual, and RMS doesn't seem to be suffering at all. He has specific concerns that can be replied to specifically. Might have been better for me to say "a free ecosystem of legally usable source code comparable to the one a large part of the industry depends on today." Or maybe I should have just capitalized "free." Because that, in no way, will prevent researchers from trashing studies until they get the results they want, or fishing for any significant correlation after the fact as if that's what they were looking for all along. Some sort of validation mark that a study announced itself before being started would at least show me which ones I should ignore - because IMO this type of thing is ruining medicine, esp. pharma. At this point, there's very little evidence that some major drugs, classes of drugs, and treatments work at all , and that's both scary and a systemic financial drain. There's nothing wrong with the European welfare state model, just look at Scandinavia. The problem is with sharing a currency with countries that you have large trade deficits with; so not the European model, but the Euro model. Spain did not run up high public debt. http://www.cepr.net/index.php/blogs/beat-the-press/spain-did... http://www.cepr.net/index.php/blogs/beat-the-press/spains-qd... "Spain was running budget surpluses and had a considerably lower debt to GDP ratio than Germany." http://www.cepr.net/index.php/blogs/beat-the-press/spain-did... Currently, that interest rate is negative. If the homeless man and you ask for equivalent loans in proportion to your salaries, he is also a far better investment than you. After imposed austerity or before? When strangers ask you for specific information about claims that you make, they're not trying to insult your trustworthiness. They don't know you, so you start from a place where there's no reason to trust you at all. They're searching for a reason to believe you if you look at it in a positive way. Could you leave while the grown-ups talk? There are cookies in the kitchen. You really find Chick-fil-a appetizing and support gay rights at the same time? I'm jealous of you - I once loved it, and now the idea of eating there makes me slightly ill. It's your own personal decision about what you want to support in this world, but everybody gets to have an opinion about it esp. if you announce it on the internet. Inertia because inertia is not an argument, it's just what inertia is. When you shop at companies that do things that are morally reprehensible to you, while avoiding a million other options, that just sounds like apathy. It's not themselves they should be protected from, but the people who are going to try to sucker them. Now if you lay out all of the facts in front of the mark, and he/she dismisses them as pessimism or a conspiracy - I'd say society's responsibility should end there. But I think that the less credulous people in a society should institute enough oversight over situations that could be potential scams so that the more credulous can have the best picture of the situation that a neutral party could provide. Statistically, a large amount of people will always be too dumb to make that decision for themselves, so we should try to ply them with all of the supplementary smarts that it's pragmatically possible to muster:) There's no 30 second rule for sampling - IIRC the limit to sampling is how many people you want to negotiate a composition credit with. That's why newer music that uses popular samples usually just sounds like an annoying remake of a song that was good enough already. This creates an image in the public mind that people who sample aren't very creative at all, just turning up the bass and shouting over old songs. During the golden age of rap (aka the only reason rap entered worldwide mass consciousness), the music would be stitched together from half a dozen or more manipulated and overlaid samples of songs, often of sub-second length. After a few high profile lawsuits, rap was neutered into the type of party pop where it would be considered notable that samples were less than 30 seconds. Listening to, for example, a Bomb Squad produced song from the era, you could have previously been familiar with every single song that went into the production, yet be hard put to spot more than one or two. I'd liken the situation to trying to write a program in a world where there's a billion libraries that you can use, but for each one you have to share 25% to 75% of the profit from the program with the owner of the library. In addition, these billion libraries would be criss-crossed with a million patents, assuring that you can't simply reimplement the functionality without running into the same problem. Merchants don't pay for their goods as a proportion of their profit. Unless you mean streaming music and movie services, which for some reason get to be a special case. This is pretty amazing. I didn't know that the old internet was still there! This may become my new favorite search engine. The inferior part is the file format (DRM ridden and weird) and the convenience, not (usually) the sounds and the sights. We'd need a universally agreed on coding or tagging system in order to copy files that were actually different, rather than just different rips. Probably want to include quality in there too, so each person would be upgraded if the tag matched but one person had a quality higher than the other. Are you aware of any (free or open) code out there that has implemented a reasonably efficient fingerprinting system? I'd love to take a look at it and/or use it for a project I'm working on. I'm not talking about scene ripping, where things are pretty much already perfect for that sort of thing - I'm talking about all of the other rips or original content that tend to start as personal use and come from (16mm, VHS or Laserdisk -> Various equipment ->) Numerous DVD editions -> Any number of programs -> Any number of formats. Maybe a half-automated/half-manual registration of files and statistics into a somehow curated distributed database? Maybe magnet links could double as file fingerprints? Aesthete file sharers frequently have access to movies and music that simply can't be purchased. In the case of movies, subtitles are made every day in a myriad of languages for movies that have never been subtitled. Things that have been lost to the mainstream due to lack of general marketability thrive in the niches that have been created by the maintenance and curation of digital files on hard drives. New to me. Thanks a lot. The bangs are especially good for dodging the really heavy homepages of some sites. For example, !bgg. It's a trait particular to humans to announce the end of history every 20 minutes or so. Something in us tends unswervingly towards credulous millennialism, ready for us to all transcend into light or burn to ash. He didn't add in community college with for-profit fake college ("people who can be relied on not to know enough to perform"), he just said that students from Stanford and MIT are generally more capable. You went to community college, like I did (for the entire first half of my university career - Oakton Community College represent!), so you can't think that's a completely unreasonable statement. OCC certainly wasn't MIT, but it was a place where you could learn a lot of your undergrad math. Not to say that you won't find people that will dismiss you out of hand, but you'll find that if you're black, or from out of state, or went to Yale instead of Harvard or Harvard instead of Yale - depending on the person you're talking to. Some people have really horrible quality heuristics:) But he's not doing it. I'd say that if you're thinking about doing Phoenix, save the money and just learn from all of the random resources online - and whether you went the autodidact route instead of Phoenix or after learning nothing at Phoenix, you had better lead with your portfolio. Probably better to just leave out Phoenix altogether from your resume as an expensive mistake. And, if people won't look at you even though you can show them a pile of good work that you've done - that probably wouldn't be the greatest place to work anyway. Phoenix is no better than no credential at all, and also implies a general ignorance of the tech industry. In addition it costs twice as much per year as state school did per degree, and dozens of times as much as the internet and old editions of books from http://used.addall.com :) The problem with this blog is so obvious that I'm suprised that I haven't seen it in the comments yet (I probably missed it), but you can't use a random selection of photographs for this if you want to expect gross ratings to mean something. You would have to normalise each trait that you were comparing against every other trait. Otherwise, when you were trying to isolate how smart people judge black people to be, and black people were wearing caps a quarter more ofter than the average person, you would think you were getting interesting data for blacks when really you were getting interesting data for caps. If you didn't plan to use gross ratings like this blog did (I think), then I'm pretty sure that you could do a post-normalization by analyzing the frequencies in the sample and determining how much you'd expect each of the traits to affect the rating for every other trait, then trying to determine the if the deviations from that were statistically significant in a universe that contained only those traits. Honestly - just take the original data and assign every trait a 5 rating, then pick a random trait and pull that value up or down, then check and see what the gross ratings now say about the other traits. I apoligize if the methodology was more complicated than it looks, and I hope there's a link to the spreadsheet of the original distribution somewhere in the blog that I missed, so someone could make sense of this data. That's the link that I needed most in this world right now. Thanks for posting it. Pharmacists are state licensed, and granted special privileges based on that license; they don't get to be the final say about what they will or won't do. I don't see a problem with the other three. In fact, the third I actively encourage. No, he said that he was told that it was 3000 pages long, but never saw it, which was the point. No, Anonymous is better than the black bloc. Anonymous does things on their own, in such a chaotic way that the people who they are supporting can disavow their actions pretty easily. Whereas the black bloc attaches themselves to peaceful demonstrations organized by entirely different groups and fucks them up. The black bloc is a demonstration to the spectator that, deep down, under every group of peaceful demonstrators for peace or civil rights, is a scary looking bomb throwing terrorist who wants to hurt you because you like Starbucks. P.S. Comparing things is not the same as saying they're the same, and the doublespeak and doublethink required to avoid comparing That Which Should Not Be Compared makes the world stupider and you should be ashamed for participating in that kind of public shaming. It's probably the defining characteristic of America, the Uncomparable. And in addition, countries like Greece couldn't deflate themselves out of their trade deficit because of the Euro; their only choice would have been to lower nominal wages somehow, which is pretty much impossible. I agree, and take it further. Psychopathy is a label looking for a definition. It's defined as the opposite of any of the qualities that we associate with the root "human". They're normal people except that they can't be humane, they can't show any humanity, they completely lack compassion and normal human emotion. They don't share our motivations, their motives are alien and disruptive. They are "other". How do we diagnose them? Each of us decides what is morally repugnant to us, then when other people don't find it repugnant, we label it as sick and speculate whether it's genetically irredeemable. Did they have a mutation in their morality gene? Or are they just the descendants of Cain? It's 100% culturally bound. Some people think that profit is morally repugnant - does that mean we live in a world of psychopaths? If they were the majority it would. It's an ugly, dehumanizing term, and reveals a lot of psychology as a moral system rather than a scientific one - being its equivalent of evil. Labeling a 9-year old a psychopath is part of the same cultural process that causes children to be tortured and killed as witches in Nigeria. btw: support http://steppingstonesnigeria.org :) btw2: this doesn't mean I believe in Xenu. Yesterday, as a last resort after a day and a half of unproductive frustration, I printed out a bunch of code from five or six different (too tightly coupled!) files that I was trying to refactor, spread them around my desk to get some sort of handle on it, and attacked them with a red pen. Needless to say, I'm in for $50. You're making psychopath mean what you want it to mean. I've rarely heard anybody say that psychopaths don't understand emotions in other people. That would be autism. Also, anarchists aren't the people against profit - many libertarians are anarchists. "everything in their power to make file-sharing as inconvenient as possible" != a lot Their power is very limited, so really all they've been doing is nipping around the edges. Their goal is to expand that power technologically and legally in order to both stop piracy and make absolutely no concessions to consumer convenience, maintaining maximum flexibility in their choices when bringing sights and sounds to market. All profits being held equal, the studios would prefer to charge $100 million a ticket and have you watch it in a closet in some LA office. The industry creates films that it doesn't care if anybody sees, and creates music that it doesn't care if anybody hears. That's the problem, and that's why we're surrounded by crap. I'll tell you what kind of convenience I want: if I watch a movie that turns out to be deceptively marketed garbage, I don't want to have paid any more than those two hours of my life for the chance. I also want an easily streamlined, audited, and publicly supported way for me to support the artists that I want to encourage to create more things that I want to see. I don't want to be marketed to, I want to be asked, and I want honest recommendations from people who know my tastes enough to think I may like something. I don't want glorified distributors being able to hold both the artists and the consumers over the barrel to move a product that doesn't even need to be distributed any more. I don't want my culture to be a patchwork of ownership, like the land became. If I hear a song, I can sing a song. So, basically, I wouldn't happily pay $10 for The Avengers on my television, and at best that would be a partial solution for the industry IMO. I think that xkcd was about overreacting to someone being wrong on the internet, and was making fun of the people who (all of us at times) start flaming with extreme prejudice when they see it. I am proud that I still feel a bit of shame when I catch myself doing that, and glad that I haven't been able to rationalize it as a excess that I deserve because I am so awesome. Instead, I try not to talk to idiots, unless they're in my way or about to get in my way, and then I sprinkle sugar all over what I'm about to say as if I was talking to a child. It's important for me to remember that I'm trying to advance my own goals, rather than make someone feel stupid. This applies even when I am speaking to the stupid. Do we really want to stand on the shoulders of giants looking down, flipping people off? They really need to, and a large portion of the populace seems to be fighting for it. Also, I'm not sure that we can blame Greek public debt for the rise in interest rates that's actually killing the country, seeing as Spain is going through a similar thing and they were running surpluses. The N9 is the next in the series after the N900, and aside from a lot of very cute UI changes, and a lack of a keyboard (which was relegated to the N950), it still runs on Maemo (though branded MeeGo) and is a Linux phone. Oh, and they switched to rpms from debs, I think. I can see how that would make you think they were unrelated:) And most of the current mp3 players, as far as I know. iPods are the broken ones. I was pleasantly surprised by Windows 7, and it doesn't make me physically ill to use or support like Vista did. It's like a cleaner, stable XP. But that's the problem, really. I didn't love XP - in fact I feel like I remember the inflection point sometime after SP2 where people were starting to say, 'XP isn't that bad any more - it's gotten pretty solid and isn't too much of a pain.' That's not really attractive. Innovating on UI is probably what they should be doing - because all three major operating systems are powerful enough when not intentionally crippled, but Windows 8 is pretty repulsive. People are mostly still using XP because they said Vista was a horror show, and the upgrade path from XP to 7 is either extremely difficult or impossible. drivers That argument is about not giving bittorrent traffic first priority, and not offering AK-47 scholarships. MochiWeb is a web server, not a web framework. People use nitrogen(1) and webmachine(2) over it. Nitrogen is a pretty fully featured framework, and webmachine is a really light layer that bakes in http/REST semantics. I pretty much exclusively use webmachine with ErlyDTL (an implementation of the Django templating system) on top. There's also erlangweb, and a few others. Both nitrogen and webmachine are pretty well documented. I think it's still all of the periods and arrows that are scaring people off. (1) http://nitrogenproject.com/ (2) http://wiki.basho.com/Webmachine.html I own tools that I love and tools that I hate. I think this is the most important question regarding online games on Linux, and aren't most games online these days? I think that the solution is radical: I think that as much much time and effort should be put into making the binary unhackable as is put into the game. Ultimately, DRM(1) is a game, and a lot of programmers are addicted to breaking it anyway. What's funny about DRM in the case of an online game is that it's actually a feature that customers would pay extra for, and a premium for quality DRM. Hopefully, we'll have good companies and groups creating it, and online games (whether given away or sold) will advertise and brag about what kind of DRM that they're using. (1) I'm using the term DRM because I can't figure out a better term - but it's more like tamper management, isn't it? No, they normally never control for anything that smells of class (like income) because if they do, the health effect disappears. There was a good recent case or rerunning a study and controlling for class, thereby eliminating an effect (I think it was about potatoes and weight gain or something.) Don't have access to it here, but I'll try to post it when I get home. IMO 95% of the health studies that catch fire in the popular press are repeated rediscoveries of class (smoking, fast food and types of food, etc.), or the qualities of illness (people who sit more die earlier, people who are depressed die earlier, etc.) They did mention controlling for smoking, though, because they found that it counted against them. probably a Serb/Croat "ije" thing. Been done many times, and that stuff is gradually purged from indexes by user feedback. In a third-floor walk-up it is. The concept of the game still exists now - why would you be nostalgic about the sounds of the old inferior ones? Most people don't click on ads, but the minority that do can generate billions of dollars of revenue. The minority that do follow the ones that don't. A camera is alienating, and a camera that you constantly wear is even more alienating; like a locked cell is more imprisoning than a locked country. Recommendation: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_Mirror_%28TV_series%29#3... We've been at war since 1898, usually fighting more than one at once. Healthcare costs are 120% of the problem. If you're talking about the report that batista referenced - I haven't seen it. 50% never clicking on an ad even once suggests that ad clickers are still a pretty extreme minority. I'm pretty sure that I could have been counted as a clicker in that study - I'm sure I accidentally clicked on an ad at least once when I was on facebook. US public spending on healthcare is larger per capita than many other western countries with universally inclusive healthcare systems that also have better health outcomes. As a bonus, public spending on healthcare in the US is matched by massive private spending, being responsible for most bankruptcies and foreclosures and tying many people to wage labor who would rather be entrepreneurs. We know that healthcare with better outcomes than current ones doesn't have to be expensive. That money has been wasted. There's no established cost for endless multifront war other than our own historical experience, so it's hard to know if money is being wasted there. We do know that we would have been running surpluses through the recession and into the foreseeable future if our healthcare system had the same costs as other systems, and wasn't a pile of rent-seeking, kickbacks, monopoly and artificial scarcity, and rats. Anarchist isn't a slur, it's a family of political philosophies. People call themselves anarchists, but "complete and utter morons," not so much. Another priority with the first click is that you won't be entirely surrounded by mines and wires, wires being indeterminate, entangled chains of unrevealed spaces. I'm pretty sure a probability can be worked out for rate of occurrence and length of a wire - but with the corner strategy, you're minimizing the likely amount of perimeter by 3/4. That's got to make a "coin flip" situation more likely, which has to be weighed against the more likely reveal. If you don't get a reveal on the first click, you end up just clicking again a few times and restarting if you reveal a mine. Doesn't waste more than a second in any case. Not sure if that's really meaningful unless there's a no restart rule, or you're being graded by the percentage of games finished that are started. Wouldn't bigger cascades be more likely to deadend, due to the average density of what's leftover increasing? Realized people may not know what I'm talking about when I mention wires: http://web.mat.bham.ac.uk/R.W.Kaye/minesw/minesw.pdf Paper on minesweeper configurations being NP-complete. Wires in the paper are wires when approached from all directions, but I'm abusing the term a bit when I also include entangled squares around the perimeter of a minesweeper opening - which have only been approached from one direction. I think of minesweeper as a bunch of soap bubbles that are popped until you reach wires, which if they connect board boundary to board boundary, or connect to another wire that does that, or connect to themselves, end the skill game and create a probability game. Been meaning to play around with 2D areas that are surrounded by wire rings, but too lazy. The idea of randomness carved by rules creating stable shapes intrigues me. I play minesweeper too much. Expert: 78, 95 non-flagging, lawl. Gaming on the desktop might be one of the only means of survival for the desktop. Recipe to make desktop into console. 1. plug desktop into tv. 2. buy wireless mini-keyboard and mouse, or install menu system that operates by D-pad to select games. 3. There is no step three. I don't understand your objection. Are you complaining that mentioning that Dow hired a private intelligence agency to monitor people expressing grievances makes Dow sound evil because most corporations would (or even should if they are "responsible") do the same, so it's not a particularly evil act amongst corporations? But you can see how people (non-corporate persons) might think that sort of extra-judicial asymmetry in dealing with questions of injury between individuals and corporations highly detrimental to any idea of regulating anything that a company wants to do to anyone, right? I'm all about physical metaphors being used to teach math - instead of handing someone an equation and saying that the equation is what the concept being taught is, it's easier to remember the physical metaphor that the concept is like , and then to see how the equation describes both the concept and the metaphor. More of this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Where_Mathematics_Comes_From When people think they have more money, they spend more money. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wealth_effect Probably because the thing it correlates the most with is reading for pleasure, and that's easily done in a household that could afford lots of extracurricular books. The myth that IQ tests measure any tangible internal capacity (or that they were even designed to do so rather than to justify the exclusion of eastern european immigrants and racism against blacks) will stay as the dominant view because the people who set the dominant view are people who get good scores on IQ tests. This really struck a chord with me. I always feel really awkward billing for an hour or two - either because it was no sweat to help them out because I wasn't doing anything anyway, and it was barely any work (a phone discussion and changing a couple of lines of code), OR because dropping everything to put out their fire pretty much hosed most of my day. Just billing a full day once I determine what they need isn't trivial would have a nice effect on both my guilt and bitterness in these situations. They're also looking at indoor cameras on private property, which were the majority of cameras in the final number. They adjust IQ scores for income? I missed that. It has nothing to do with political correctness - it was literally the purpose of general intelligence tests to justify exclusionary immigration, racism and eugenics, and they were designed (or redesigned in some cases, such as when blacks in the military scored better than whites) to do that well. It reified a general intelligence concept that has no actual evidence, and justified that with factor analysis, the leading tool of statisticians for creating a single thing out of a maelstorm of complicated, interdependent factors by just pretending that they are linear. See: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Mismeasure_of_Man IQ tests correlate far higher with pleasure reading in childhood than any other factor IIRC. This is not sour grapes - I'm a member of MENSA (which is really a boardgaming club); it's just historically accurate. IQ tests could be completely replaced with a tally of books read for pleasure (and the reading level of those texts), and you would end up with all of the same correlations without all of the self-important mathy-sciency tone. I accept that there's a difference in the amount of knowledge that people have accumulated, and the amount of familiarity about how to evaluate common classes of questions that a voracious reader will have seen a million times before, and that a lack of those things may create a lot of challenges in college. I have no issue with the SAT. My issue is with the completely unjustified leap to a belief of differences in capacity, and the projection of this onto reified folk theoretical (theory-theory) internal states. This mythology is just another cultural construct to separate humans into "us" and "the others" and to alleviate the cognitive dissonance between our proclaimed ethics and open prejudice. Being a measure of the status quo, primarily, it serves solely to perpetuate it, offering no other benefit. edit: early intelligence tests actually had questions that assumed you knew details about current baseball teams. edit2: I also noticed that, other than reading for pleasure, the other examples that you listed for high correlation with IQ are degrees of adherence to cultural norms. Are high IQ people simply better at obedience? And is still well liked. My reaction to the burning platform rant was to immediately buy another N900 to leave in the box, because it may be a long time before we get another decent GNU/Linux phone. The presales on the Vivaldi tablet are giving me a bit of hope, though. The drop in Symbian sales came after it was announced to be a dead platform. Without that announcement, no steep drop. And from all indications, the Meego N9 would have (or did according to some) outsold the Lumia 800 if it had been generally released. Nokia was stagnating before, but not drowning. The major problem that they had was management of their software projects, which were becoming a tangled mess of unfixed bugs and missed dates. Instead of buying a new car, they just needed a new transmission. Don't forget the debtors that aren't the government, the vast majority of the population. The dollar has been absurdly overvalued for a long time, destroying our exports and causing us to import excessively, leading to trade deficits and more debt. Not that savers won't be hurt unfairly, but they will be hurt even more by the accumulation of capacity loss caused by the lost potential output of austerity philosophies. Unless they are retired, and don't plan to participate anymore - then they're just screwed. Unless we decide not to eviscerate Social Security and Medicare, that is. The most important thing is not to have people who want to work sitting idly, especially people who are newly entering the workforce. This destroys the future more than debt ever could. We either need to lower nominal wages or devalue the currency to the same effect - or let massive unemployment become the new normal. Good luck lowering nominal wages: It's really a choice between the last two options. I'm not sure what the conservative saver horde expects will happen to its savings over the long term if interest rates stay at 0% or negative indefinitely. Maybe pour all of their money into something else dumb like dotcoms or real estate and become the whiners of tomorrow? Not more "fiscally responsible countries", just richer ones. Unless you're arguing that it is fiscally responsible to loan massive amounts of money to other countries to buy your exports. If I loan money to Bob the unemployed guy to buy a car from me, and it turns out that he can't pay me back on time, do I get to call myself fiscally responsible? On the Euro: Either closer fiscal union or end it. If the member state's debt can't be backed by a proper central bank, it's just a mechanism for shipping wealth from the periphery to the core. http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/us-current-account-tr... Historical Notes: http://articles.marketwatch.com/2008-01-29/news/30807755_1_s... Symbian was definitely a creaky mess, and definitely would have to be replaced by something in the medium term, but people liked it a lot, and with the Qt ecosystem being ported to both Symbian and Meego, they were going to be able to use the same apps (depending on the power of the phone, of course.) It wasn't in any way a copy of iOS or Android. It was a full multitasking Linux desktop that you could treat as a smartphone, and had (and has) a small, rabid developer community. Of course, the Meego move was a bit silly, but I think they were using it as an excuse to reboot the GUI systems, of which there were three, which is two too many. There are still new apps being created for Maemo (and Meego/Harmattan was just tarted up Maemo) all of the time. What was lacking was a mass market phone that would encourage more commercial developers to target the platform. The N900 was a phone for technophile nerds like myself, but all of the glowing reviews of the phone accidentally made the N9 a massively anticipated phone, because it had N900 cred, yet looked pretty (unlike my beloved N900 brick.) They had to dump it outside of major markets in order to avoid comparisons of it and the Lumia, because people wanted and liked it so much. Me, I like a keyboard. No, xenophanes is simply explaining how markets work. Markets are supposed to maximize utility, whether that be monies or laughter at a concert. If a price is too low for demand, any opening that allows middlemen to creep in, raise the price to demand levels, and take the difference, will be taken. If the resellers price too low, they'll just generate an opening for re-resellers. The problem, for me, isn't with scalpers, it's with income and wealth distribution (which separates nominal demand from actual benefit to useful people), with over-regulation of commercial performance (limiting the number of venues through regulatory capture), and with the destruction of local community (since there are no local acts anymore, everyone chases the same small number of national and international ones.) Of course Louie C.K. generates a massive demand - in a country of 300 million people, he's one of the 50 comedians that anybody has heard of because he makes it into the national media. When the average person can name a few comedians that live and work in their neighborhood, going to a Louie C.K. show will be considered a luxury good AND the price will go down. It is absolutely a class-based argument, and not the fault of scalping, but the class-based argument is a reasonable argument. To the extent that an uneven wealth distribution is based on insider networks, regulatory capture, and rent-seeking, nominal demand is pushed higher than actual utility. I don't think he/she is. There might be 20,000 people interested in tickets to the show at $55, but only 1000 will get one and 19,000 will be left out in the cold. If 100 of those tickets are purchased by scalpers, 19,000 will be left out in the cold. The difference in the two cases is that 100 of those tickets in the second case will go to the people willing to 'be the most useful' for them - and in an ideal society that seems to me like the fairest way of doing things. The only problem I have with it is that due to general political market distortions, money is very cheap to a small number of people who do very little and have lots of leisure time, so the dollar commitment for a ticket price has little relation to either subjective or objective (ideal) utility. As a performer, I'd have an interest in keeping the ticket prices low simply because I wouldn't want an audience filled with the kind of assholes who would pay $500 for a ticket to a two hour comedy show. If I really adored Louie C.K., was one of those assholes, and it took 11 minutes to get to the site to buy a ticket that sold out in 10, I'd hope that scalpers got a significant amount of those tickets. Hell, even if I wasn't one of those assholes I'd hope for scalpers, because if they overestimated demand and priced too high, they might end up dumping tickets at the last minute and I might end up paying less than face value. Instead of not being able to get a ticket at any price, the tickets are handed out based on how much you're willing to commit to get them. If demand then raises the prices to $1000, I can still get a ticket if I love Louie C.K. more than I love keeping my apartment. Because, really: the number of people who lose = the number of people who would go to the show for free - 1000 Personally, I lose at face value, because the day I pay $50 for a concert is going to be the day a gallon of milk goes for $15. It doesn't mean that I don't like Louie C.K., it just means that I like 3 gallons of milk more. Everybody makes their own call, whether it's when the cost goes over $10, over $1000, or over $55 + F5ing a site for 6 hours. And you're sticking up for the fair-weather fans who aren't willing to take out a second mortgage on their homes. Also, "true fans are not necessarily the earliest at the gate" is not an example of No True Scotsman, it's an example of Some True Scotsmen, the exact opposite. Could this be layered on top of the current Wikipedia through browser plugins? And how would discoverability work in the context of 10,000 current versions of a wiki page? It's hard enough when there's 30 different forks on github. edit: federated search, federated social? How would the system prevent search gaming and social gaming? I know a bunch of underemployed ones with no health insurance. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poe%27s_law "It is not clear how many of these people were less healthy to begin with and who, therefore, might spend more time sitting down as a result." Next in mass market health news: Eating at McDonalds makes you poorer, and playing basketball makes you taller. I've seen a lot worse at the airport. Assuming that people are using bitcoin for reasons other than a favorable exchange rate, 7 points isn't going to be a deal killer, or even a deal slower. Why waste time doing a study with an unpredictable result? If you don't know the answer ahead of time, you may not be able to find a soundbite worthy correlation even after fishing with every statistical trick you know, and that = time and effort put in without adding any points to your score (or impact level or whatever.) Oh, wait. Science is why. That's an old school attitude, don't you think? My study about how a college education may lighten your skin is hotly anticipated. I wonder how it'll turn out? Nobody mentioned engineers. It was a statement about more savvy investors with insider knowledge screwing less savvy investors without insider knowledge. Your criticism is like accusing somebody calling out unscrupulous used car dealers who sell lemons of hating people who own cars. productivity != quality and utility 1. Could that be because disposable income is going down? and 2. Mass paying down of debt may not be the best thing to generate demand during a demand crisis. OO isn't the only way to implement the Actor model. > "Free speech" as a right is intended to protect your ability to pronounce your original thoughts , which may be unpopular. You're begging the question. There's a lot of money-laundering fast food franchises. I remember a KFC in Baltimore where the skeleton crew that manned it were barely familiar with the menu, and maintained a largely empty parking lot at all times in what I would imagine to be prime chicken-flogging real estate (it was my neighborhood.) They got a bit of unwanted attention a few years after I moved away when a junkie died in the single-occupancy bathroom and nobody noticed for three days. edit: found it - http://articles.baltimoresun.com/2000-12-19/news/0012190192_... >The profit margin is not high enough for it to be worth ordering extra stock and throwing it out. You wouldn't have to throw it out. Sell it on to other businesses. Nokia was stagnating before Elop, not sinking. You're right. Brainfart. Poor isn't a culture. Even when he hated it, he seemed to be able to figure out who it was. This is idiotic. As always, you can narrow down who got you busted by figuring first out what authorities knew, then who could have known that information to tell the authorities. Then you can kill them all, or kill them one at a time until they figure out who told and turn them over. You can do it in public and write an essay near their headless bodies in big black block capitals about how google won't protect you. Cartels spent a time targeting bloggers and even forum commenters for a while, with gory results. This was simply for making insulting, not informational comments. I think I can remember one guy being killed for a comment because his sister mentioned to a friend that he had been to the site, then the cartel was able to figure out which commenter he was by looking through the comments and making connections. Fight drug crime by not having stupid drug laws, and/or by following the money. We're not interested in following the money, because in the US, white collar crime is treated as if it were schoolboys breaking the Honor Code rather than mass murder. Angelo Mozilo is not only still free, but still richer than anybody you know will ever be. edit: "Consider an all-too-familiar situation in Juarez: A man cooperates with law enforcement — or is believed to have cooperated — and his wife is subsequently targeted. Many people are aware of such occurrences but do not report it, thinking: Why take the risk when the chance of meaningful change is so low? Some version of this plays out every day in Mexico." Everybody is aware of these occurrences, because they are intentionally publicized with placards leaned on piles of corpses, notes kept from blowing away by severed heads, banners stretched across highways with hanged men and women beneath them, and youtube videos. What's the use of killing snitches if nobody knows? Not tomorrow, but what about 10 years from now? I do - I put somebody through rehab last year. Legalize them. I don't think a lot of people appreciate the gravity of the situation when you're trying to score heroin just to make it vaguely possible that someone can take a bus trip back to their parents to get help. I'm posting from one of their old ones right now, and I hope they do a better job this time. Bug city last time, and took a lot of work and a lot of time to pass (and a switch to Debian unstable) to make it completely workable. I don't know how you ship laptops where the headphone jacks don't work and every update borks the sound completely unless you want them to fail. Did they not have anybody actually turn one on before selling them on their website? I really believe that it's a possibility. Who would have thought that Obama would bring back the Espionage Act? We used to imprison people for publicly supporting Communism and/or publicly denouncing wars, and the courts upheld it. The Overton Window makes people really complacent in a pretty rapidly changing world, and the civil liberties regressions by Bush that are being institutionalized and explicitly legalized by Obama could give a future Santorum (or his ilk's) administration a bunch of scary options. In the future, we may regret having had conversations like this on the internet or over the phone. I'm taking that risk. edit: sentence fragment edit - relevant: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4259441 Try Desafinado without Getz - Joao Gilberto is another master. I think the selective memory comes in when people claim that there weren't a huge number of people that thought and proclaimed loudly that the evidence was bunk at the time. It's the same type of historical retcon that happens when people say that no one could see the housing bubble coming, and that everyone during slavery/segregation thought black people were inferior, so no one should be judged terrible for it because they were "of their time." The television was always sure that the war was necessary, that Powell's speech was coherent, and that the government always knows best because it has access to secret sources that it can't reveal and our best interests at heart. Of course, the television is also in the arms business. 1) If he's three or four orders of magnitude off, his point still stands. 2) Also, the data could be almost completely unstructured. You mine the data that you have to create structure. If you toss anything, or prematurely optimize things, you're missing out on what the algorithms that you come up with 10 years from now will give you. 3) If you're using enough redundancy to multiply $35,000 into $3,000,000,000, you're insane. Never happened under Obama. Sorry if I wasn't being clear. It happened in the US under the same law - the Espionage Act - that Obama has used more than every other US President combined in his war on whistleblowers. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schenck_v._United_States http://blog.foreignpolicy.com/posts/2012/02/27/is_the_obama_... Thanks for pointing out that first comment. It is a new low for any I've seen on HN thus far. Because warmed-over bro-backslapping Sailerisms sure don't stink of herd mentality, right? Aren't you late for your mutual-reinforcement MRA support meeting? "The Plural of Anecdote is Not Data" a) If a tree falls in a forest? b) Congressional hearings, a revitalization of public interest in conservation, and Shell would be dealing with the fallout for decades. I'd assert that most health-related studies are terrible. Anecdotes are good for figuring out what to study, but can't be used in place of a study. I go for "I assert" because it sounds aggressive, but it shows that I know that I haven't made my case yet. In the case of "Metallica is a great band," I'd just say it, though. Musical taste is obviously subjective. http://www.wired.com/dangerroom/2012/07/counterterrorism-tro... Revival of contelpro techniques, in startup form. There's a recent HN discussion on it, but I can't seem to find it right now. edit: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4267490 Step 1: Flurry of fearmongering articles that appeal to the prejudices of the target audience with logical hole large enough to drive a freight train through (usually correlation=causation/post-hoc reasoning or statistical silliness.) Step 2: sell tons of papers, products, and ads to the credulous. Step 3: point out logical flaw. Step 4: sell tons of papers and ads to the incredulous. Step 5: profiles of the people who were influenced by the original story, painting them as crazies (or are they visionaries? You, the reader, decide!) Step 6: sell tons of papers and ads to the gawkers. Final disposition: People get stupider as a result of reading the paper than they would have been by completely avoiding it, and they completely dismiss everything they read, relying instead on their prejudices and what they heard from a guy once. edit: I've noticed the successful garbage health panics seem to be structured like sympathetic magic (like-with-like, metaphors, symbolic connections.) For example, "Study Finds Depression Causes Death in Close Relatives" won't work, but "Study Finds Depression Causes Heart Disease" does. I think of this one as "Study Finds Standing Up Prevents Lying Down." ice cream vendors, flower salesmen, flashlight dealers... Avoid step 3. Separating lies from truth in the media is a full time job. Most people have other full time jobs, children, and mortgages. Be trustworthy and explain without condescension instead of calling people idiots. Caveat: this will help you to inform the people around you about what you think is true, but it will work even better if what you are saying is silly and appeals to everyone's prejudices. But the obvious correlation is that of the million situations that could cause someone to sit more, more of them lead to early death than extended life. For example, asthma, arteriosclerosis, and obesity are known to lead to both situations. When a study comes out that exhaustively controls for at least all of known factors that cause both situations being correlated, give me a call. You're the one who is making the case that the second amendment is distinct from the others. Give him something to respond to. >Take your car and ram into people. You will probably be able to kill the same amount (or even more). Priscilla Joyce Ford http://www.newsreview.com/reno/day-terror-came-downtown/cont... “It looked as though someone had gone through the streets with a lawnmower, mowing people down,” a woman from Canada who’d witnessed the massacre from the Onslow Hotel-Casino tells the Gazette. “It looked like a battlefield—there were bodies all over the place.” Maybe respond to the obvious objections to those two assertions? For starters, what would be your response to: "Yes, it does." Ok, now we're cooking. Is not being compelled to testify against one's self fundamental to "living a fulfilling life?" Since when has that been a qualification for a right? This is a True Scotsman minefield - beware. Can you imagine a case in which gun rights could protect one from government abuses? Why would you think that the abuses that the right to bear arms are meant to prevent are confined to government ones? These are obvious questions to ask simply based on the structure of the assertions. They are the type of questions that you should ask yourself before beginning a discussion in order not to waste everyone's (including your) time. Without that type of preprocessing, you're not going to convince anyone of anything; if you haven't done that preprocessing you don't really even firmly believe what you're saying yourself. Really sorry if that sounds condescending. I'm just trying to explain myself clearly. No. I think you should judge my productivity by my product, and whether my explanations for where I'm at hold water. If you are not technically confident enough to judge my explanations, you should put someone who you trust in those matters between you and me (at least for those questions.) >However, pressing a button is not running. No True Scotsman here, which I'm assuming that you're implying exists in Searle's argument. But that puts you in a position of saying that the English speaking operator of the Chinese room understands Chinese because he responds in a convincing way to Chinese speakers, which is pretty explicitly false. It also relies on the concept of "running" being monolithic instead of constructed. Under a part of most people's concepts of running lie things that a running robot does, other parts of the concept for some people involve particular types of clothing, and/or nipple chafe cream. I would think that most people would think of what the amputee does with the robot legs as running, yet they wouldn't want him in the Olympics. Is Searle's room, or the assemblage of Searle's room and its operator, intelligent? Whether you can answer that question easily depends on which part of the concept of intelligence is important to you in that context. Is the designer and implementor of Searle's room intelligent? Unambiguously. Are the assemblage and the designer intelligent in exactly the same way? I can't believe they waited this long. I'd be surprised if a lot of adults haven't swallowed these, too. Everybody knows that BBs and pennies pass easily, so why wouldn't you think that about magnets? It isn't like the warnings are printed on every ball, and there's nothing intuitive about their danger. Tiny, strong BB magnets can have no place in a house that ever has kids in it. It's not safe to have them in or on daddy's desk, or anywhere else. Maybe in the gun safe. Also, I always assumed that the Fuller estate got a cut of this. Pretty rotten all around. edit: swallowing small strong magnets is a fairly unique, well known, and long standing danger. When I was a kid, a lot of plastic items were made magnetic by gluing in tiny (maybe 3/4 cm diameter) disks. After a lot of resectioning of the necrotic bowels of a lot of children, and a lot of death amongst both children and animals, this ended. Good riddance. It's safer to let your kid play with a bag of broken glass. You're being deceptive. How many deaths per bicycle, per battery, and per bottle ? The danger from knives is obvious to most children, and a cut probably isn't going to seriously injure them. Knives are not marketed as toys, and have a use other than being played with. If a child is injured by a knife, you will know it quickly, and understand the extent of the problem. Half of the people in this thread are comparing it to swallowing a penny, which is so harmless that you could make it a hobby. This is not health & safety gone mad. Well, lets say serious injuries requiring emergency surgery, then - and lets find the actual statistics. >As for "why would you assume that you can't swallow it?", I just don't even what to say. Don't just assume that you can safely swallow shit? Because you can safely swallow things that look identical to them in every way, maybe? Would you rush your child to the emergency room because you found out they swallowed a ball bearing? Why regulate toys at all while there are so many car accidents? He was actually being positive about the vendor lock in, and saying that it is damaging to MS that people are using cross-platform stuff. If he were aware of Mono, that would probably make him more negative. I find this too, but I also think that it has something to do with the word "directory." People don't really think of collections of directories (like phonebooks for example), they think of a single directory in which you look up things. When you use "folder", this seems to go away and people get the metaphor. When a tech savvy person is explaining it, they frequently interchange the two terms and confuse the listener. A "directory" is list that you look up things in, like a dictionary, and a "folder" is a object that contains related items. A list of Artists, Rap, Prince, or Slow songs in some mp3 management software resembles people's ideas of a "directory" better. One thing I've noticed about these silo/tagging systems and non-savvy users is that, though the users are generally comfortable in them, they also tend to lose data completely a lot and have no idea how to find it again. They also find it very hard to understand the concept of backups because they have no sense of location for any of their data. "File," "Folder," "Copy," "Move," "Mail," and "Trash" are a really excellent set of terms to explain this stuff easily. Did AAPL or MS come up with this? I find the only problem with them is that people don't understand why you don't end up with two files of the same name in the same folder when you make a copy (because "Copy" is more like "Copy and Move".) edit: or copy is more like "nothing just happened," really. I think the metaphor becomes broken when you go to clipboards and pasting. Maybe the right metaphor is to make the desktop the clipboard. When people "Copy" a file, folder, or anything else, it should appear on their "Desktop" rather than a "Clipboard," where they can see it at all times, and use it as a shortcut. The desktop doesn't have to be thought of as a proper directory. More like college is overrated and apprenticeship non-existent. You need to both be connected and wealthy to get an unpaid internship, where you will get experience in data entry and coffee-making. Any actual apprenticeship program has people breaking their necks to get in. $25-$30K a year to learn a trade? I could find you 10,000 candidates within the hour, even if it was located in BFE, Montana. Or like textile workers would break into factories and destroy the frames invented to make the work faster and easier, calling themselves the "Sons of Ned Ludd." You did what you had to do, and any success you have is hard earned. It is also not scalable and an enormous waste of productivity. A lot of people claim to not be looking for "application drivers" yet ask for years of experience in multiple specific applications in their postings. I've come to the conclusion that the only way to consistently work is to narrowly focus on a couple of specific, widely used applications, because general facility and a resume that covers a wide variety of areas for less than 2 years at a time are worthless. You get filtered out before the interview, even for pretty low paying positions. >"Trash" is also confusing, because things don't end up there consistently. If you cut things, they don't; if you delete them from the GUI they do. If you delete things from the command line, they don't. I think they broke the metaphor there by even using the word "delete" at all. Make them choose between "Trash" or "Shred" and that might work. Sorry, they were successive statements. I wasn't actually trying to plead on the behalf of slow adults, but I probably wasn't being clear. Not scalable as in everyone who wants an apprenticeship or salaried job can't do it, or else it will cease to be effective. You achieved whatever you have achieved by doing more than others. If everybody else did as much as you did, what you did would have gotten you nothing. Solutions for individuals are not the same as solutions for systems. Both scenarios have victims, and both are solely based on beliefs.