It's 2014. Passwords need to be treated as a serious matter. Legacy system or not, there is no good reason to reduce keyspace. As others have mentioned, this is a sign that passwords are being made compatible with old phones without these letters available... and likely the passwords being reduced to numbers before storage. The prohibition of special characters also seems to corroborate this. Furthermore, the poster below who showed screenshots of being emailed their password indicates JetBlue is storing passwords either in plain-text, or encrypting them (both just as bad), instead of properly cryptographically hashing before storage. Link bait to boost StackExchange account. There is a prior discussion already at: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7741443 Pay this post no attention. I would argue that every programmer should be at least exposed to some assembly, so you can understand (and appreciate) a little more about how the computer actually does what it does. A great (free!) ebook pdf is "Programming From The Ground Up" on the GNU site: http://download.savannah.gnu.org/releases/pgubook/ SEO tactics and practices change so rapidly... almost any article or book written about SEO is outdated by the time it's released (unfortunately). Tactics that were considered "best practices" even 6 months ago may actually harm your site these days. -- There is no magic bullet for SEO. Typically I'm very anti-regulation -- but it seems proven ISP's need to be regulated to some degree. An ISP should do nothing more (or less) than just pass data from point A to point B (aka. "dumb pipes"). We are in the Information Age and unhindered access to information should be a commodity. It's a conflict of interest to be both an ISP and a content provider. I think it's the other way around ;-P Wait a minute! You mean my ever-increasing ISP fees at my home are not for the ISP to build a better network? You mean to tell me the ISP is now going to charge content providers for the ability to provide me with content that I'm already paying my ISP to deliver? You mean to tell me my content providers are now going to likely increase their fees to cope with this "fast lane"? This sounds an awful lot like extortion, and double billing. ISP's... you have one (1) job. Deliver packets. "I would have done this differently. I would have taken the time to consider the future" Yet she did not consider the future one bit. > Information security and customer data protection are of paramount importance to eBay Inc Which is exactly why we took 3 months to inform you, you've been hacked. It's because we care. Don't you see? P.O. Box should do it... cost someplace between $30-$75 a year for a small sized one. Leo could stay "homeless" if he chooses, but should at least have the comfort of knowing he has a hot meal if he chooses. I think the fact that the article title has a capitalized "S" in "systemd" speaks for itself -- ie. the author doesn't know much about systemd nor has followed systemd development. College helps teach critical thinking skills, which is very important. A lot of people seem to have the notion that college is "job/career training", well, it isn't (and if you are in college thinking that, you're in for an unpleasant surprise). No CS student graduates and is capable of engineering large-scale projects without at least several years as being a junior to someone and learning "how to do it in the real world". Most CS students graduate and don't even know what source control is. No, but college is about learning to think critically, and independently. You learn some cool topics along the way (and some not-so-cool topics), which stretch your brain and challenge those critical thinking skills. I think people view college wrong. Everyone should go to college. We want a more educated, more critically and independently thinking society. And that's what college provides. How much is your future worth to you? For motivated students, getting tuition assistance, and sometimes even free tuition is not difficult. There are so many scholarships available, FASFA, free grant money, and at worse, loans which are very low interest and you don't start making payments on it for several years. Tuition today may be inflated a little, I'll give you that. But I believe it more accurately reflects what it costs to provide said education. Who pays for the lights? Water? Building maintenance? It's not sustainable (as has been proven) to subsidize college education so significantly for everyone. So instead, the subsidies have been moved to scholarships, grants, loans, etc. It's a perspective thing. I'm a firm believer that college should not be free. You have to have some of your own "skin in the game", otherwise it's taken for granted. Your education, and accomplishments thereafter will be much more tangible if it was achieved by you for you. How are you "not convinced"? There is nothing to convince. College teaches you to write better (critical thinking skills in practice), interpret better (more critical thinking), implement better (yet more critical thinking), etc. Even your major courses teach you critical thinking. Of course you can teach yourself all the material you would learn during major courses. That stuff is largely irrelevant outside of college. If the argument is then "college teaches nothing", well then, I can't argue with you because this is nonsense. Get a degree from a reputable 4 year university and then come tell me it was a total absolute waste of 4 years. You may think that while attending college, but it's wasted effort. The true value of a college education is intangible. This debate always gets me. The sides are: 1) I should bother to better myself and learn more, show motivation and ambition; I can always be better. 2) I shouldn't bother to better myself and learn more, show motivation nor ambition; I'm good enough right now. Cost of education is largely irrelevant if you pursue scholarships and grants, or even low interest loans. Majority of a student's "school expenses" are not tuition, but rather in large part are living expenses -- which the student would incur even if not attending college. That would not result in a message of "True Crypt Is Not Secure!!!!" in bold red. Seems to be geared towards frightening people. I concur -- likely an elaborate website deface. NSA is obviously in on it. Who else would recommend using holy-bug-riddled proprietary-back-doored-on-purpose encryption software? ;-P Good point. If true, I'd much rather have them post a countdown clock and say "If we don't reach X funding goal in donations by date Y, then we will be forced to close the project". Funds would come in then... a lot of people depend on truecrypt. Is source still available? Can we check the commit tree for anything suspicious lately? Can someone compile it and check the hash against the 7.2 binary being offered? Project on SF is still available if you have a direct link: http://sourceforge.net/projects/truecrypt/files/TrueCrypt/ http://sourceforge.net/projects/truecrypt/?source=navbar http://sourceforge.net/p/truecrypt/activity/?page=0&limit=10... Odd, 6 hours ago someone updated the TruCrypt-key.asc files, then 3 hours later posted all the new binaries. Also odd is whoever posted the new binaries completely yanked all the previous ones, leaving only the new and questionable binary available for download. hmm... 2 things. 1) Obviously I was joking in my comment above. 2) That post is dated well before common knowledge of how "in-bed" Microsoft is with the USA spy agencies (at least management is). This is a topic for another discussion, but I just want to point out that, of course someone being coerced under gag order to install less-than above-water "features" and/or purposefully weaken the product would say exactly what is in the blog post. If, and only if, this is a legitament change done by a majority copyright holder(s) and/or project owner. I would be absolutely shocked if there was some reason any VC++ lib would not install on any modern Windows OS. Microsoft has many faults, but backwards compatibility is not one of them. I doubt this would be the reason. (Also, TrueCrypt runs on OSX and Linux too, so a build environment dependent on Windows-only seems odd). Such as managing complex build processes. The nice thing about git, is there is a ton of possible workflows depending on how much you care, how knowledgeable you are about git, level of effort willing to put forth, etc. I've found my workflow in git has changed over the years... just like my coding style does. Yes, but CS majors come out of school with some level of understanding about how computing works... not just how to write code. No it's not. Libressl is a different team; one that feels a fork was more appropriate than just fixing the problems in openssl. IMHO, libressl is a mistake. It's splitting resources over something that needs to be as air-tight as possible. I'd much rather have 1 really really good ssl library that everyone uses instead of 2 so-so ones. I agree. There was no rush to switch away 6 months ago. The latest version (besides the new decrypt-only release) was over a year ago. It's pretty solid from my use-case... and the audit should relax any fears (nothing obvious has been discovered yet). I think the "security concerns" expressed on the truecrypt page are more-or-less for future visitors to understand the project is not maintained anymore (albeit a poor way to go about expressing that) > You can't start fixing things in other peoples' source tree just like that. Yes, you can. It's called contributing to a project. If the "half million lines of diffs" were actually things needing fixing, then the upstream team would accept them. If they are not necessary changes (such as ripping out all windows compatibility), then no, they would reject such changes. It will take years, maybe a decade before a new ssl library becomes the "default". OpenSSL has a lot of ground covered and a lot of history. Yes, it's common knowledge that libressl started before heartbleed, but the reasons for the project being started are mostly along the lines of: 1) We don't think upstream would take these changes 2) We don't like some aspects of the design philosophy 3) We can do it better. All 3 reasons can be collapsed into a more focused effort to fix the already existing and very good ssl library; openssl. There is no doubt that is the intention. The doubt is whether or not it is a good call to fork openssl instead of attempting to get changes into upstream that fix it and make it better, safer, more reliable. Good. We need to Name-n-Shame these ISP's into doing good by their customers. There was an interesting interview with Comcast CEO the other day where he said, "[We] don’t wake up everyday and go to work and say we want to be hated.” But then he attempted to shift the blame to content providers: "Roberts followed up this statement by saying that Comcast is mostly hated because 'it’s the company consumers have to deal with when other companies raise their prices.'" http://bgr.com/2014/05/28/comcast-ceo-roberts-interview/ NO, the recourse is to choose independent ISP's. They generally offer better pricing for faster speeds with less BS, ie no monitoring, ad injections, throttling, etc. You will have to look for ones in your area, but they are there. Usually each major city will have a few. Rural areas will tend to have more WISP's (wireless isp's) that are also small and all about their customers. The recourse is to call your Senator and Congressman and demand they force big ISP's to lease fiber/copper to smaller companies, much like phone-line providers are required to lease their copper to other companies. This will help spur competition, which means everyone wins. Then you become the steward of the project and continue forward. Forking will introduce an untold number of new bugs, some of which may be worse than imagined. Right now, native libressl only works on bsd's, when openssl codebase works on many os's. There are ports being made, which will introduce more bugs. Bugs being in a tracker for years is not uncommon. Here's OpenSSH's tracker: https://bugzilla.mindrot.org/buglist.cgi?bug_status=__open__... 331 bugs, a large majority of which are pre 2012. This is not a sign of inactive/apathetic developers. It's a sign of big and old projects. I have no doubt the OpenBSD folk are excited about this now... but 5 years from now? More? What's the long term viability of this project? Will they eventually put all OS's on an equal footing instead of *BSD's first and port to other OS's? Forking was not the answer. The answer was to fix the perceived problems in OpenSSL and make it as solid as it can be. It's splitting talent and resources unnecessarily. Especially when the two projects are under the same umbrella (OpenBSD Foundation). Yup, just like all these OpenSSH bugs: https://bugzilla.mindrot.org/buglist.cgi?bug_status=__open__... Fork it now! ~~~ Seriously, stop buying into all the hype generated by heartbleed. Things will simmer down, and it's doubtful libressl will replace openssl anytime in the next 5 years as the standard default ssl lib for many things. I do not buy into OpenSSL devs not wanting bugfixes. Where are the public rejections/closures of submitted fixes? There aren't any. There are just assumptions that they wont take certain patches, or submitted patches waiting for review (how about you jump in and help review?). is this real? seems a little... "over-share-y" for an interview? There is a $30,000 audit currently underway. There will be no security problems un-turned when they are through. That's assuming there are any to begin with (Personally, I think not). I see no issue picking up the codebase and running with it. It's code. There are no secrets. Problems come up when nobody reads the code. Right now, there's an awful lot of people reading this code (Given the strange warning's posted on the TC site). This is not really a "GOP Bill". It's really one Representative's bill. (perhaps influenced by the big5 isp's) I doubt it will go anywhere. (Let's not let partisanship get in the way of net neutrality folks.) That does not matter. In the USA, House Representatives can draft their own bills at any time. Now, if a huge portion of the party co-signs or sign-support of the bill, then it would be fair to call it a "GOP Backed Bill". But right now, it's not. If we get the Gov't to force ISP's to lease their copper/fiber to other ISP companies (smaller independent guys) then they wouldn't have to lay their own infrastructure and it would build a lot of competition quickly. Telecom companies already have this regulation. (CLEC 1996) > IMHO all US regulations that have the force of law should have to be passed by both houses of congress to be legal. They do. House and Senate both have to approve, then comes the possible veto by the pres. Are you sure? Gold is one of the most soft/malleable metals used to plate connectors? (I know it's one the best best conductors). And we all know, there's no difference between the $150 hdmi cable and the $5 hdmi cable except cosmetics and perhaps some better shielding. They're all digital connections, so the signal/bits are either there or are not. I put Macallan 18 in my ice. That's right. ;-P Again, the bits are either there or they are not (corruption). I don't see your point, because it seems to back my earlier point. You'd be surprised. The $150 hdmi cable is likely manufactured alongside the $5 cables in the same factory, then just sold to different brands (Monster vs. Store-brand). It's fairly common... Samsung makes almost all the parts of the Best Buy store-brand TV's... they're essentially a slightly lower-grade samsung tv with the store-brand slapped on and sold cheaper. This is just plain wrong information. If you want to stereo-type and entire party's platform, then the GOP's would be anti-regulation and free-market... not imposing legislation to solidify "fast-lanes" and be generally anti-competitive. Seriously, the Democrats don't understand the internet just as much as the GOP, or the Green Party, etc. Let's stop making this a partisanship issue. Net neutrality is too important for petty squabbling. lol, where are you buying cables? You can lose half the wires (2 pairs) and still pass 100Mbps easily. Will it still cost me an Arm, a Leg, and my first born to obtain the dev tools and compile code? Here's some system specs they are running your code in: ~~~~~~~ Executing Build Command: javac /root/HelloWorld.java Executing Run Command: java -classpath /root HelloWorld Cores: 4 CPU Arch: amd64 Total Mem (Bytes JVM sees): 236257280 Max Mem (Bytes JVM sees): 3506438144 Free Mem (Bytes JVM sees): 235023784 Root Dirs: / Get OS (direct output): Linux Get OS (sanitized output): Unix/Linux OS Arch: 64 Process exited successfully ~~~~~~~~ http://runnable.com/U4zos2qEWoJSgH4Z/sys-info-example-for-ja... Nice, but some users are not "honorable". And you make it super easy and quick to make accounts, no confirmation, just enter some email address. (not that i'm complaining about that part, i like easy signups... but it may open you to abuse). This is a good problem :) You guys have a very nice looking product. Maybe Canonical should stick to their core... ...and focus on Linux on the Desktop... instead of trying to be an "Everything" company. Get the core down solid and making money , then expand into other markets. Well, that's not very true. I think you mean to say, "Desktop is not sexy". Most homes have either a desktop, or a laptop, or both, sometimes multiples of each. Every business has at least 1 computer (desktop or laptop, sometimes multiples of both). So there very much so is a lot of money still in desktop. Right now if you want to purchase a factory Linux computer, your choices are severely limited. It's either System76, or the Dell Sputnik (which for some reason costs more than it's Windows counterpart). XP just expired. My company has a warehouse of 40 workstations running XP. We're looking into getting new hardware. Guess what... it'll be Windows because there are not many other options to price-shop around and/or get differing levels of support. There is indeed money in Linux Desktop. I"m sorry but you are mistaken... if you look at server stats, majority of "the cloud" is RHEL/CentOS based. I'm not going to argue that there are not many people using Ubuntu for servers... but it's not the standard when you get to big deployments. (I think you are refering to Ubuntu being the default Linux choice on EC2 which certaintly helped it's popularity. However, EC2 is not even built from Ubuntu... it's RHEL/CentOS). But it doesn't really matter. Canonical is drifting from what could be great. The average user does not need tech support to use a modern linux desktop (have you tried recently? they have come a long long way even from 3 years ago). At a time when XP is EOL'ed, and people are looking for anything not Windows 8 -- Linux should be answering that call, but instead Canonical is waffling again. There is absolutely a void in the market. Let's not make this an argument. Time will tell, as does history. Canonical has fallen short on execution on almost every major project thus far. Maybe this one won't repeat history. That is the entire point I"m making. You cannot go to the store and buy a Linux-based desktop nor laptop. Companies (and most home users) don't want anything to do with Windows 8, but are being forced off XP. This is the ideal opportunity to capitalize on such a market and make Linux Desktop's common-place. Out of all the Linux vendor's and distro's, Canonical is the closest at achieving common-place... yet, they have stopped short at such a critical time. Of course tablets are popular, so are phones. Both markets are more fierce than desktops due to massively low price-points and some companies (looking at you google) willing to sell their tablets at a loss. Companies spend $3-10K on server hardware , not the OS. When you buy big-iron servers, it's actually very common-place to get a Linux OS already installed, or no OS so you can install your preferred distro. Server Software (the OS) support contracts absolutely make money... but so does desktop software support contracts. Your assertion that desktop industry is not worth focusing on is not true. Tablets and phones are getting more popular, but desktops and laptops are not going anywhere anytime soon. Yes, of course Mark Shuttleworth's personal blog is not bias (he's the owner of Canonical). Also, he's talking about deployments on Digital Ocean, ie. VM's. I'm talking about what actually makes the "cloud", ie. the "cloud". The "cloud" is built out of RHEL/Centos for the most part. Almost all the major "cloud" infrastructures have been built with RHEL/Centos. We can speculate why... but Red Hat has built a $1 billion+ revenue per year company out of "cloud" and enterprise support contracts. (because they were there first, and they focused on it... and after it became profitable, then they finally branches out into other markets.) The problem with Canonical IMO is they try to get into too many markets which ends up resulting in split finite resources. "Jack of all trades, master of none". I think there's a few things here to mention. Red Hat didn't "suddenly obsess over Openstack in the last 12 months", they were one of the first Linux vendors to embrace the "cloud", and as others have mentioned, they are now deeply entrenched. Red Hat posted revenue exceeding $1 billion for fy 2013. Canonical posted only $65.7 million. Red Hat could buy Canonical and throw it away, and it wouldn't even show up as a significant blip on their books. Canonical is not competing on the same level as the heavy-weight enterprise vendors (I know they want to be). Straying into my opinion. I want Canonical to do very well. As I mentioned, they are the closest anyone has ever been to becoming a household name with their Linux desktop (they are sooo freaking close!). But the problem I see with Canonical is the company seems to have a very bad case of ADHD. Canonical tries to do everything. Phone, tablet, desktop, server, windowing manager, init system, cloud, SaaS, enterprise support, package manager, weird-NUC-box-things, app-store, etc etc etc. This is far too much for a company that is barely staying afloat (they posted an almost $22 million loss for the same fy; about 1/3 of their total revenue lost). In most of the markets they dabble in, they show up late (sometimes very late), can't get a strong foothold, and will or have been shoved out. Shuttleworth told theguardian in August of 2013 that Canonical wanted to capture 25% of the mobile market in the US and Asia... an absurdly unrealistic goal (to this day Apple has only managed 21% market share according to idc.com) Mobile may be "hot" right now, but they are a no-name brand in that market and they are attempting to go up against companies that can throw 10's of billions of dollars at products, and even take 10's of billions of dollars of losses just to ensure they remain dominant. The ship on mobile has sailed. I applaud their engineering efforts, and I'm sure Canonical employees do very good, and very hard work. But they need to reel it back in and focus. The company can't do everything Mark thinks might be cool when he wakes up in the morning. It needs focus. If Canonical were a startup, and Mark didn't have deep pockets, it would have failed many times over (Mark has acknowledged this several times citing his commitment to Canonical and willingness to re-invest personal capital as necessary). Back to Desktop... there is money to be made there. Several OEM's are struggling, consumers don't like the current options (Windows 8 or OSX). There is a void to be filled, even if it's only 10% of the market, that could result in a huge revenue increase for Canonical. Yes, it's difficult to get into the hardware game, but it could be done. To make revenue, sell support licenses/contracts to OEM's... use the Microsoft model for desktop support. Why is System76 supporting Ubuntu themselves? Canonical isn't getting anything out of that... and supporting the OS costs System76 money no doubt, why not help take it off their hands? The Dell Sputnik? Dell is supporting it directly, and charging consumers more for the privilege of having a "free os" over a Windows license. Over the next 2-5 years Ubuntu could become a common household name, and be no less-normal than installing Windows on your pc. There supporting software is there, the desktop is mature. It just needs someone to guide it in. If Canonical does not want to do Desktop, well I think that's a mistake, but fine. So they should pick one market and do it very well. Don't split-up your resources; there is only a finite amount. This is the same government that thought they could "block all porn" on the internet? "We have short time to beat powerful computer attack" And see how pixelated their main banner image is? Not only bad grammar, but poor images. Really am ammeter website. Unless Microsoft throws everything out and starts fresh, it's doubtful they'll ever have a serious contender for the embedded market. Even "Hello World!" can have issues if your compiler and/or libc has issues ;-P Well said. University is not Job Skill training. CS Students are not Engineers because they have a degree. It takes years as someone's junior to learn "how it's done in the real world". You do know this violates the EULA for OSX? No OSX version allows for virtualizing it as a guest VM. (just pointing it out) Actually, it is: > The grant set forth in Section 2B(iii) above does not permit you to use the virtualized copies or instances of the Apple Software in connection with service bureau, time-sharing, terminal sharing or other similar types of services. http://images.apple.com/legal/sla/docs/OSX109.pdf Hmm, appears you are correct. Previous versions just flat-out banned any sort of virtualization. Appears this release now allows you to have up-to 2 OSX guests running ontop of an OSX host. (A pathetic attempt at allowing virtualization imho, my Xen hosts at the office have 10-30 guests running concurrently per box) Very much so not true: http://fedoraproject.org/ http://www.ubuntu.com/ Download an ISO and install it. I think you will be surprised. Pop the disk in after burning to a CD/DVD. Click "install", reboot and you are done. Doesn't matter what your hardware is... it will install and work. Other than getting a computer with a pre-installed OS, it really can't get much simpler. Modern Linux Desktops do not require you to do anything but click the "install" button. You don't have to mess with partitioning, packages, etc. You can understand absolutely nothing about Linux and install it easily and use it easily. Being an Apple developer is very (overly, maybe excessively?) expensive. In all my years, and colo'ed across 3 DC's... I have yet to see any OSX server hardware besides a mac mini... I'm not sure what you mean by "3d graphics won't [work]", they do just fine. Transferring files/settings is also a non-issue. I think it's been a long while since you looked at or used a Linux desktop. They have come a long long way in the past 5 years. Not sure how it can be any easier other than getting a computer pre-installed (which you can now too, but, admittedly not as common as I would like). I mean, you have to put a disk into some hardware at some point and click some install button... spell-check strikes again (dang keyboard!) Every issue you described are issues from 2-3 years ago. They have all been solved, especially in the major distros. A current version 14.x of Ubuntu, or version 20+ of Fedora will work "out of the box" with zero tweaking. Honestly. (I run full-time Linux desktops on everything from old repourposed warehouse workstations that were bought in the windows 2000 days, all the way through dual booting my modern gaming rig... it just works). And to touch on your gaming comment -- actually, Valve has found the same games perform better on Linux using OpenGL than they do on Windows. So much so, that they were surprised at how well they performed. So much so, that many many other gaming companies are now re-releasing and/or planning future releases on Linux. The day of Linux gaming is here... yes, circa 1996 maybe... if you must buy special hardware just to compile code, well... that's not normal for any other eco-system's developers. Nor is having to pay for the privilege of being a developer... nor pay for dev tools, etc. Well, I"m sorry your experience was bad. I assure you, it is not normal what you are describing. Valve has (figuratively) bet the house on Linux as tomorrow's gaming platform... and I'm confident they would not have done so without Linux being ready for prime-time. As a note, don't game under WINE. WINE is great for applications and such, but a game designed to run on windows won't work quite right even on WINE. But, if you install the Native Linux Steam client and have Steam download/install the Native Half-Life 2 for Linux... I assure you, it works flawlessly... as-does all Source games now, Unity games, Unreal games, CryTek games (or at least they can be ported native now). Wasn't Barnaby Jack going to unveil a Pace Maker 0day last year before he [mysteriously] died? I was referring to the timing of things. But yes, I don't disagree. He did some very brilliant work. I don't know where you live, but here in the US, you violated no copyright laws (or any laws or ethical clauses for the matter) by simply providing access to pre-existing works, ie. the schools website data. If the school's website is publicly accessibly, as-in anyone can find it online, then it's public information and you can use it at your will so long as you state where the information came from (ie. not your original writing, etc). if you are in the US, check your schools student handbook/policies... closely... if you found there is nothing restricting you, I would argue to pursue your app (and be prepared for pushback from the school). Even if it were subject to copyright, you violate no laws (in any country I know of) by simply re-posting the information and providing attribution to the original author/creators of the content. If true, any news aggregator and most websites would be getting sued every day for regurgitating information. Looks like a bizarre mix of JavaScript and C to me. But then, hey... Objective-C syntax just offends me right-out ;-P Well then what is it? Please elaborate. No copyright law (in any country that I'm aware of, even if the OP sold the app) has been violated. The OP may be subject to some school policy... but that's it. The administration is plain wrong and the OP should pursue his app if he can withstand the administrations push-back/threats. You can always link-to and/or provide access to existing work (copyrighted or not) so long as you provide proper attribution (state the original content authors/creators) There is nothing they could do, even in their own country. No laws have been violated here. (maybe we should all publish the app to prove the point) Fair point. It boils my blood to see a school administration so blatantly and wrongly take advantage of a student that they claim to be educating and preparing for the future. If anything, the administration should be in full support of the OP. If the OP can tolerate the pushback, and there is nothing in his school's policies forbidding, he should pursue the app. Let the administration spin their wheels. They can't sue him. And if they tried, they would lose. It's just absurd. someone said there is already quicksort in the standard lib... so this code snippet is really only academic... Well... technically something with no license is the most restrictive form of a license; as-in nobody has the right to use it nor republish it nor modify it. Not being the copyright holder forbids you from assigning a license. However, for a trivial piece of code as this... it could be argued it's not copyright-able and therefore you are OK... but just be careful in the future. Wow... seems like a nightmare for several reasons: >Naming Constants and Variables >You can use almost any character you like for constant and >variable names, including Unicode characters: >let π = 3.14159 >let 你好 = "你好世界" >let 🐶🐮 = "dogcow" https://developer.apple.com/library/prerelease/ios/documenta... I'm sorry but I strongly believe you are incorrect. I could make a paid HN aggregator... legally. So long as I provided proper attribution. The OP provided attribution. The OP never claimed the data was his. The entire purpose was to aggregate the schools data into an easily accessible format for students. Cultural norms or not, the OP violated no laws. It's pretty plain and simple. Yes, the school could play games and break this parser if they decided. Worse has been done before. It would be a teachable moment... but not for the reasons you seem to be concluding. I was not commenting on the entire languages design... talk about jumping to conclusions lol. Again, I dont think a snippet this trivial is subject to copyright... I just wanted to point out you should mind these matters in the future. Besides offending a developer, you could get into some trouble. Many times I've emailed devs on Github regarding some code they have that I'd like to use part of but they've failed to assign a license. A few time's I've been turned away... but usually the dev just forgot or was not aware others couldn't freely use it. Well, besides adding to complexity of debugging or just reading/understanding of the codebase when the dev may not be familiar with say.. .Chinese characters, it may also limit which platforms it can run on. But, this is an apple language targeting only apple devices so the last part isn't much of an issue. Basically using unicode characters is comparable to purposeful obfuscation, are difficult to type (no keyboard i'm aware of has a "cow" key), difficult to read/remember, and may become wrongly converted if the code is copy/pasted into a text editor not supporting that character. Now, I don't think this constituted as a "strong criticism" nor warranted the downvote nor the expletive. The OP didn't build the app to subvert the school's revenue model. That's the difference. We may be arguing apples and oranges here. The OP did not subvert anyone's revenue model. Simply aggregating data is not violating any copyright laws nor protections. If so... most news sites would be in serious trouble. The OP was simply aggregating data into an easily accessible format for students. The original creator retains copyright, but they can't prevent someone from linking to nor providing access to publicly accessibly information. If they truly want nobody to have access in this manor, they would have to block public access or restrict it in some form. To use your book example. If the copyright holder of a new book posted the text in full on their website with no restrictions or payment necessary, and I reposted that text, provided attribution and a method to access the original content, then I would not be in violation of any law. I don't think I need to state this is irrelevant. If the school's technical partner was threatened by this app, they could bring suit... not the school. You must be reading a different article. The OP does not circumvent authentication in any way. The OP caches it... that's it. And, that was only for some of the data, not the entire app. So yes, his app is mostly like a news aggregator. Not sure your point here... it's actually easier than this mac install on ESX (of course, because it's supported natively with no hackery required). Just point ESX at the ISO and it installs. If I'm understanding the CVE correctly, it has nothing to do with the browser. It's when it's on the Server, an attacker could just make OpenSSL think their "browser" doesn't support all of the good algo's and eventually cycle through it's available algo's until a relatively insecure one is decided upon (like the relatively weak CBC algo's). So, it is a potential threat to servers since most web server are *nix based and most of those will have the default of OpenSSL installed. However, I seem to recall this always being a possible attack vector, in any SSL/TLS library due to how browsers/servers have always negotiated which algo to use based on which are commonly supported and the strongest available... so ... nothing new? Even at big shops... testing is not fun and not done as much as you'd [want to] think. Well, this is sort of fudd being spread by the libressl project. Most old and large codebases will have a mix of coding styles, etc... even at big companies (take a gander at the recently posted Windows 2000 source code for example, or the leaked Half Life 2 codebase, etc). Does it make testing more difficult with preferred tool X? Maybe... but perhaps tool X isn't the best fit for the codebase? Or perhaps minor changes could be made to make it work well. In any event... part of being a developer is being able to read and understand a variety of coding styles... since, coding styles have zero effect on the code's purpose/execution. Not trying to detract... but we should remember the people who complained about the coding styles and difficultly in reading/understanding the codebase were new to the codebase, and the codebase was not in their expected format... which is normal when you sit down to any new codebase. Also... this is a crypto codebase... so there will be an element that is always difficult for an outsider to read and understand. A diamond in the rough you are ;-P I would be careful before you throw the "incompetence" word around. Remember this library was written by some of the best cryptographers around, and has been the standard for a very long time -- because, generally, it does it's job very well. If you actually look into these "ridiculous engineering decisions" you will find very good reasons why they did things the way they did. With that said, of course it may be able to be done better. All code can be done better. Remember the OpenSSL team was severely underfunded, and severely understaffed. So it's not fair to label them as "incompetent" one bit. It's very easy to be an armchair quarterback. Wow, Verizon... dumb move. Can someone explain to a non-graphics person what this means? Seems like it's just demonstrating how the JPG get's displayed on your page while it's still being downloaded? technically it's not giving healthcare to anyone... but rather providing a means to charge for a base-level. the healthcare law doesn't give any free handout's, even to people who can't afford the "affordable" fees the gov't charges for the base-level healthcare. (just saying, it matters to be correct on this topic) would be curious to get some answers as-to why this wasn't the path to building the website all along? I mean, the original site was awarded to CGI Inc without any biding process... and they aren't even a US company. Why did we not have US professionals/companies build this thing the first go-round? I could have imagined a High-Tech All-Stars sort of thing... each major US tech company sends 1 or 2 representatives to collaborate and work together to build this new long-lasting piece of national infrastructure. I think the article misses the point of Tor (and why the EFF suggests it's use). Tor is not about, nor promises to make you secure. It's an anonymization proxy, which makes you a little harder to be "snooped" on by really anyone. The EFF is suggesting people take additional steps, or everything they can to make the job of the NSA (or anyone else trying to snoop) that much more difficult. And to that goal, Tor does a decent job when used in combination with other methods such as SSL, etc. "amicably" and "reasonable" by the patent holder's terms... Your parent comment has a good point. Wow. This is done very well. Bravo to Seattle, a model for how other's should do open government data. They appear to be doing more than fine: http://www.google.com/finance?q=NYSE:AOL Although, should note... a quarter's revenue of $656 million is a far cry from major tech companies, and that is revenue, not profit. They own several media companies, including Engadget. Likely where they make majority of their revenue now days. (that and the old people who still think they must pay AOL $10 a month for their email and the AOL web browser... yes, it's still a thing... and people do still pay for it... sigh ) The comparison between GO and Java seems unfair, given they compare a primitive variable with an object... which has methods and a bunch of other things to increase it's size (for good reason). Sure GO may be quick... but a JIT'ed java program will run at native C speed... because it's been compiled down to native code at that point... (and most language performance comparison's I've seen pop up generally ignore this fact and measure "performance" by timing runtime which includes the JVM firing up and executing cold/non-jit'ed code... not real-world scenarios for high performance code.) Dealerships have always felt to me to be some of the sneaky-est, deceptive and sometimes shady businesses I've had experience with. I think direct sales from manufacturers makes more sense... My gripes: * half git-syntax/half package manager-syntax is cumbersome to me. * Inability to compile Docker from source without using the Docker Project's provided "black box" binary Docker. * No formal explanation of how to create your own base image from scratch (ie. not using a Docker Project provided base image). * Defaults to storing images in the Docker "cloud" repo. (would have preferred a git-like setup where pushing my images to a repo of my choice was more "normal") * GO Lang is still pretty obscure for most developers, and an interesting choice given the language's youth and likely-hood to change rapidly as it matures. * Docker is built on-top of existing Linux technologies, mainly LXC, making it more-or-less disposable in the future (as someone else figures out how to abstract/manage LXC better) * Docker is mainly built by Dotcloud - a for-profit company. Dotcloud has been very generous in their effort... but, being for-profit, what is their take out of it? (It can't be "just for the goodness of Linux"). Fair enough point about GO Lang, however, should note Docker as a project was started way back when GO's future was... perhaps iffy. Maybe good foresight on the Docker project regarding GO Lang. However, this doesn't excuse the remaining gripes listed above. Seems odd, that a big payment service's exec would get poached to head-up a chat service (likely implemented using XMPP). I mean, if FB was serious about chat, wasn't there an exec at a chat-focused company that would have been a better fit? Also, why would the President of PayPal leave (his Top-dog position) to take on a head of a mere department at another company? Also seems odd... Yes I did... but that is still not a chat business. Twitter, WhatsApp, SnapChat... all their executives would have been more of a natural fit. This is looking to be an impressive release. Switching to XFS as the default filesystem. Improved MS Active Directory integration Container support (is it Docker? seems too early for RHEL to integrate Docker..? maybe it's just LXC?) systemd is a big win (although a hot topic) CentOS 7 shouldn't be lagging too far behind. The CentOS team recently got taken up with RHEL, so I think we can expect a CentOS update soon (can't wait!). Was my thoughts exactly. Seems odd to put Docker into a RHEL release, especially since docker only 1.0'ed yesterday. RHEL usually goes for rock solid stable (typically older/matured) packages... LXC seems the natural fit... I could see Docker in RHEL 8 or something... I think we've all been there... had some teacher for some class in some grade that made the students wonder "how on earth are you allowed to keep teaching?". There are many many very good teachers. There are also some very bad teachers who stop caring about the kids. Tenure currently enables teachers to "coast" and lose enthusiasm to teach and change lives. I think it's the school administration's job to protect teachers from casual termination... not a contract that makes it impossible to get rid of the worst teachers. I actually find colo'ing a new server quite fun and enjoyable... even after doing it a half dozen times... as a techy... something is just so cool about putting a server in the same racks as some monster equipment. ;-P However, I disagree about colo'ing not being economical. If you setup a physical box in a colo with a hypervisor (kvm, xen), then the density you can get out of 1U is amazing, and makes the entire thing much more affordable. Take this site for example: https://www.ubiquityhosting.com/cloud 16GB ram, 8 coers for $128 a month. Considering most 2U colo spots I've seen hover around $150 a month, seems like the colo is not a good deal. However, the VPS for $128 a month is a single server. Your $150 a month colo, with xen, you can pack 3-7 vm's in the same space, making the cost-per-(virtual)server much lower. You know you're a real tech-y when you get fired up over filesystems! In good 'ol California bay area, you can get a full cabinet with un-metered 100Mbps port + 20A power for $600 a month. Hurricane Electric data center in Fremont, CA, always has specials running. That's about $12,000 USD for some welded scrap metal? Sheesh! I'm in the wrong line of work! Lol, updated my post and then saw yours ;-P I understand people not wanting to be "tracked" by EMS... I'm on the "tracking" side of things... so my opinion is different than most people's. I can definitively say, as someone who spends a lot of time doing email marketing... tracking opens and CTR's for gmail users absolutely still works. Want to pose the question: Is it a bad thing to have your open and clicks "tracked" by an email marketer? Yes and No. It depends who the marketer is. If it's a spammer, then the answer is no, it's not good. However, if it's a company you signed up for their email list, then you want tracking. You want them to send you advert's that you are actually interested in. You want them to not waste you time (and inbox space) with advert's that you will never be interested in. You also want them to send you engaging, funny, provocative emails that don't annoy you. These things can only happen if the marketer knows what people are clicking on and what type of content is the most engaging. The Original article seems to mis-quote browser marketshare. They have IE10 listed as 3% of the market and "Other" as 36%? And all the IE's combined for 19% market share? Everything I've seen (except the original article) list the IE's at a combined market share somewhere in the neighborhood of 50-70%., with IE8 still having a dominant 15-20%. iOS is also fragmented. I know many people with iphone 3gs's or the original ipads and are stuck on a previous version of ios. (one could argue they need to upgrade devices -- well, the same can be argued for android users) So, both sides of the fence or fragmented. Curious to the benefits of this. Is Rust performant and on par with the native C version of coreutils? Seems the readme makes a big deal about being easy to compile on windows (which has never been a problem for me, I just use Cygwin or something). Also, comments like this make it seem this is not "fully baked" yet and still needs some dev time: > fn parse_date(str: &str) -> u64 { > // This isn't actually compatible with GNU touch, but there doesn't seem to > // be any simple specification for what format this parameter allows and I'm > // not about to implement GNU parse_datetime. > // http://git.savannah.gnu.org/gitweb/?p=gnulib.git;a=blob_plai... It seems the article writer not only did not read the TOS before signing up, but also make a critical error of thinking they could use the service for free at the tune of 50,000 links per month! They built their company around another company's free service, ignored the fact that Bitly has to make money off their service somehow (guess what, they charge for high volume customers), and then became outraged when bitly told them they needed to pay up. If link shortening is so integral to the business, why have they not implemented their own link shortener? Quit complaining you got something for free and abused it, and now they want you to pay them for the apparently critical service they provide you with. users or people ? I have multiple accounts... am I being counted multiple times? (probably). A growth rate of 12.5 million per quarter is not likely real people. However, say it is... then it's not sustainable because at a point they will be at terminal capacity, ie. everyone who wants a twitter account will have one. Then they will start to shrink as Facebook did last quarter (fewer signups than ever before). My company (like many many others) have tried advertising on Facebook, and other social networks (Twitter included). You pay a bunch of money to them, and get almost nothing in return. It's not nearly as effective dollar-for-dollar as using, for example, google advertising... or just investing in using Email Marketing and building a list. (I don't see how any social networks will be profitable long term). Works fine for me. What browser are you using? This seems like a relatively low impact security problem. I can't recall the last time I used a package manager to get a package's source. (Usually when I want the source it's because I'm compiling a package from source, and I get the tarball from the project's website) We came to the conclusion that people (customers) don't visit social networks (of any kind) with the goal of being sold to. They visit social networks with the intention to be social. Reading an advert, clicking on it, and buying some product is the last thing on their mind. Street value of approx: $17,330,000 USD Appears to be from part of the Silk Road seizure: https://blockchain.info/address/1F1tAaz5x1HUXrCNLbtMDqcw6o5G... Street value of approx: $17,330,000 USD I'd wager it will sell for much less, likely 3/4 of that street price. I'd imagine a business or bank will make the purchase, and they likely don't care about the anonymity aspects. Not really. Seized properties often sell for less than half of the market value... doesn't mean the property is worth half now... it means the government can't be bothered to take on the responsibility of selling the property at full retail -- ie. they just want to get rid of the assets and move on. There is really no "play to win" in Minecraft, because there is no "winning". You just keep doing things until you get bored and stop playing. As someone who can run my own server for myself and a few friends (and have on multiple occasions), I don't see how allowing servers to charge for some things is bad... don't want to pay for access to an item -- go play someplace else or host your own. I think that's besides the point. This contract isn't "about the kids", it's about all Minecraft players and server administrators. If a server administrator feels they need to, or want to charge for some item or plugin, they should have the freedom to do so... ...after all, they aren't obligated to run a minecraft server in the first place, and if the only thing keeping the lights on is selling some in-game item, let it be. Guys, this isn't "about the kids", it's about all minecraft players and server admins. The contract doesn't only apply to kids, it applies to everyone. So saying this is a "poor decision" because you don't want to encourage kids to use their parents credit card... is a poor argument. (as an aside - I know zero kids that play minecraft, but I know an awful lot of adults that do... so let's not just jump and assume it's only kids playing this game). Cloudflare also offers some free services ;-P Or that people continue to bother him/her with bombarding emails, public cynical skepticism, baseless speculation, and more. How about we stop bothering the poor developer(s) and let them be. They have already contributed more to the world than most of us here - time for them to get the well deserved rest they seek. Big Congrats to you and the rest of the team! It would be a dream for me or my team to get picked up by RH. (PS: Could they have picked a worse/smaller font for the press release?) For anyone not understanding what this is about, here's the most important part of the ruling: > > ...we decide, based on the evidence properly before us, that > these registrations must be cancelled because they were > disparaging to Native Americans at the respective times > they were registered, in violation of Section 2(a) > of the Trademark Act of 1946, 15 U.S.C. § 1052(a). > Seems like this ruling may lead to more... there are a lot of trademarks in the US that some party somewhere will take offense to. Important to note, the ruling is based on whether or not the trademark was considered disparaging at the time of registration... not currently. Actually, I consider myself primarily a Java developer... and I wrote a pretty comprehensive GPS library in Java a while back (for using a raw GPS chip over a serial UART connection for embedded devices). This really is an unfortunate naming collision. Dang nabbit! I love eating here. Previous discussion here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7910168 No. I am not a fan of Title II, however I think it's a very far leap to go from being Net Neutral --> Title II. You can be Net Neutral without being Title II'ed. The problem is, the ISP's (including AT&T) are not Net Neutral. > would rather create yet another jsframework.js or Flappy Bird As A Service Heyyyy... FBaaS was my next big thing! Reminds me of the people who get $100 bills from the bank, and like to whip them out like it's a lot of money. As soon as they spend it... it's now in $20's and $10's... seems pointless. I do like the idea of carrying some cash around -- far too often I've been at a bar with friends and the venue refuses to split the tab, and somehow I always get stuck fronting for everyone. But... as with most things... it's not convenient to get cash from an ATM all the time, and I always end up not having cash on me when I need it most. I believe we are experiencing a Startup Valuation Bubble, evidenced by extreme purchases such as WhatsApp for $16 Billion (and instant messaging company), Oculus for $2 Billion (a research company with no product), SoundCloud, etc, etc etc. While other companies like Satellite companies are selling in the hundreds of millions, not billions. I don't think these gross over-valuations are sustainable. These are all companies that a few years back, would have, at best , sold for a few hundred million. > Only in the last paragraph did he mention that Uber may be looked at as a "logistics" company and not a taxi service. You don't buy a company for $17 Billion in hopes of transforming it into something completely different and maybe making money. You also don't buy a company based on future best case scenarios where the competition is projected to stay stagnant. ~~~ At least you didn't used to buy companies based on these criteria. That used to be considered bad business. Is there not a comment platform that already exists? Seems strange if there isn't... Funny, I get an error when I try to buy anything on Svpply. http://www.saturdaysnyc.com/item/salt-1 Back in my high school days, I worked at a restaurant as a waiter ( cough "server", being more polite/correct), and always hoped people would leave the tip in cash. You had the option at the end of the shift to punch in a total for your claimed tips. There are pro's and cons to claiming cash tips -- Pro's being it keeps your actual income on the books, making you more attractive for loans/financing. Con's are you get taxed more. You get the money either way at the end of the night, but the tax man was not kind to you at year's end with all those claimed tips. The valuation bubble will eventually burst -- the question is when? The gross over-valuations occuring today are not sustainable -- the companies that are being purchased for billions USD are not actually worth that much. $16 Billion for an instant messaging company, $2 Billion for a research company with no product. Now everyone feels they are worth Billions when in fact, not only 3 years ago these companies would have sold for maybe a few hundred million USD at best. I really amazes me, that Linux is so darn flexible that it runs on some of the world's largest machines, down to the smallest embedded devices. After years of being a Windows fanboy -- I look back now and am very glad I made the switch. With Linux -- it's never a case of "you can't do that". This is not really true anymore. About 99% of all devices "just work" out of the box, the other 1% either are very obscure/specialty hardware, or are new hardware. Linux doesn't need a vendor to support Linux like it used to... most generic drivers are built in and work OK (just like the generic drivers built into Windows now-a-days). Can someone explain the gist of what's going on to an outside observer not familiar with Aereo? Well, Valve already has ToGL, a DirectX2OpenGL abstraction layer... so that is already happening. Also, SteamOS (and Steam on Linux) now has low latency Streaming from your Windows pc to your Linux PC, SteamOS/SteamBox on your TV, etc. So, in large part, just about all games are now playable on Linux, and more are coming as developers re-release games on Linux, or as many big AAA studios have committed to releasing all future games on linux as well (Crytek, Valve, Unreal, Firaxis Game, etc etc... there are a lot and more coming!) I think the lines between "Super Computer" and "High Performance Cluster" have become blurred. The article's largest complaint is not being able to read one (1) of the two (2) words in the captcha challenge. ReCaptcha only requires one (1) out of two (2) words to be correct in the challenge. It presents one known-by-the-system-word, and one not-known word. If you get the known word correct (the easier of the two to read) then it passes the challenge. ReCaptcha then pools the answers for the second not-known word and after pooling thousands (or more) responses, then that word becomes "known" based on the average answers (and then that word is "digitized" and used by google maps, or ebooks, etc). ~~~~ And for those wondering, I find it easiest to read captcha's by just looking at the letters by shape. Going down the list in the article: onightsl secretary. . phaRega o ndaaar proximity rsgrrem and khseeke . azedcg elearsal 5 ination amesye se ebtyR Reomi now ivestshm nwre Again, it's important to note, you only have to get one of the two words correct to pass the challenge. So.. probably 99% of the above list would pass. I have. The article's largest complaint is not being able to read one (1) of the two (2) words in the captcha challenge. I was pointing out, that this complaint is not valid since reCaptcha (where all of the article's screenshots are from) only requires one of the 2 words to be correct. ReCaptcha only requires one (1) out of two (2) words to be correct in the challenge. It presents one known-by-the-system-word, and one not-known word. If you get the known word correct (the easier of the two to read) then it passes the challenge. ReCaptcha then pools the answers for the second not-known word and after pooling thousands (or more) responses, then that word becomes "known" based on the average answers (and then that word is "digitized" and used by google maps, or ebooks, etc). > You obviously don't have an accurate understanding of ReCaptcha implementation I do (I've implemented them many times), but no point in arguing. I must be the only person who finds the level of security a captcha provides worth the 1 to 2 seconds it takes to type in a Captcha. And if done properly, you should only have to type a captcha once per site. Which is easier? Allow form spam on your site, or have a user type a captcha once the first time they visit and decide to post a comment or something? Captcha's have provided a tradeoff between inconvenience and protecting your site. I've solved a lot of captcha's in my time, and really have never experienced the trouble the author is detailing. Not only am I relieved when I see a reCaptcha since they are some of the easiest and most forgiving challenges, but I don't recall ever having repeated bad/unsolvable challenges presented on the same page. Sure, maybe sometimes you get a weird one and fail it. But typically the next challenge is easy to pass. Seems the author cherry-picked some of the worst reCaptcha examples for the article, but wrote it in a way that made it seem they were presented back-to-back. Besides this -- the article makes no attempt to offer a better solution. Captcha's are really the best way we have right now to "prove" someone is not a bot. Hidden Form fields, etc, don't work and are easily spoofed. Sure Captcha's can be beaten by bots sometimes -- but I trust Google's scale/volume with ReCaptcha to handle that for me (for the most part). Captcha's are not going anywhere anytime soon. correct. simple back-links no longer have the weight they used to (and in some situations can actually harm your SEO). Backlinks must come from other reputable (in google's algorithm's eye's) sites before they carry any weight. So, this would mean, tldp.org has a lot of top-ranked linux/bash and related sites pointing to it's pages. What a great resource! I did not know about this before today! I don't think you understand how to implement a captcha on your website. Unless you use a 3rd party CMS where implementing a captcha is just a checkbox and pasting in your api key, then it's a lot more work. one of the points of Git was short and small commits, often. it helps prevent a SVN/CVS-style workflow, which will negate many of the other benefits of Git IMHO. Seems rather sad state of our Patent system here in the US where a 19 year old with no prior technical background, who was a Chemical Engineering student, a sophomore no less (meaning barely finished or finishing General Ed. requirements and just starting Major courses), can write and file for a highly-technical patent involving radios, sensors, embedded devices, and the like. > And we could put a cellphone chip on it, and it could telemeter out to the doctor or the patient what was going on. It's very doubtful she understood how any of that works, or would work in her product/patent. Underlying story seems it's absurd this was patent-able. Seems to be missing some obvious things: Under virtualization: XenServer -- it has Xen, but most SysAdmins wont use raw Xen, but instead a complete hypervisor such as XenServer or VMware, etc. XenServer was recently re-rereleased and now is 100% open source (all features). Now you get all the "enterprise" features in the freebie Open Source version. Under SMTP Servers: Zimbra - excellent top-of-class email server, and open source. No, I was meaning I find it highly unlikely she understood or could actually implement the technology behind her patent. A 19 year old, no matter how smart, is not likely to have a thorough enough background to understand all of the related technologies involved in this patent. This is a medical device, and has to be "done right", or people can be injured or worse. I don't expect even a top-tier CS student could pull it off. I'm not attempting to discredit her intelligence, just pointing out she seems to have been/is an "idea guy". We've all run into "idea guys", they'll pitch a great idea with all this elaborate stuff, but then can't execute on it without outside help. Perhaps she got help, who knows? A patent is, more-or-less, a mere idea (which is absurd in it's own right, ideas should not be patentable imho). So, you are right, it's not "absurd for a 19 year old [gender-is-regardless] to write up and be awarded a patent", it's absurd it was patentable in the first place. I'm really not sure why you are attempting to make this a gender issue. If you re-read my comment, gender is not even approached. To summarize my post - I was making a statement regarding how absurd (imho) it is that someone can patent something they are not technically capable of even implementing. It is patentable because here in the US, patents are really just "ideas", so you don't have to actually implement the patent, just think it up. I doubt a 19 year old sophomore chemical engineering student would have the technical background to actually implement this patent... alluding to, she was just another "idea guy". I think I should make it clear -- this is not a gender issue. Let's stop trying to make it one. It, perhaps, is a age issue, sure. I have my doubts that an 19 year old chemical engineering student would have enough technical background to implement: radios, embedded systems, various sensors, medical analysis algorithms, database usage, notifications systems, knowledge of cellular technology, agreements with hospitals and insurance companies, etc. However , here in the US, a patent is more-or-less just an idea -- meaning, one can think-up something, and patent it. That is valid. My thoughts are, the article was obviously a puffy PR piece, designed to make the company look good. I believe she was an "idea guy" and was awarded a patent for that idea, then likely brought in outside help to implement it... which is very very common. > Coming from wealth doesn't hurt but somehow the articles always leave that bit out ... It's not a "sexy" PR piece if the story reads "Wealthy people get Wealthier", now is it? ;-P I couldn't agree more with the article. The US Patent system is broken and needs revisions to meet today's marketplace. Patents are awarded to non-practicing entities and people who can't act on nor implement the very patent they were awarded. Idea's should not be patentable. If you can think of something, so can I. Especially when it comes to software, since software is nothing but an idea written down. Idea's that oneself cannot implement and/or act on, should not be patentable. To be awarded a patent, you should, at the very least, be required to provide a working POC. I'm tired of companies being awarded absurd "future thinking" patents that have vague wording along the lines of "something will happen when the user does something, etc". Patent Trolls (aka Non-Practicing Entities) should not be able to hold patents if they are not using and/or implementing them. How can you collect money on an idea for years/decades but not have the capacity yourself to perform the service/make the product the companies you are suing are doing? The US needs drastic patent reform. It is stiffling innovation. How about -- No Patents? Patents are ideas... if you can think of it... so can someone else. Patents were intended to protect someone's investment into an idea. Today, they just serve as cash cows. With no patents, a company would be forced to continuously innovate and stay ahead of the curve -- which would replace their patent warchest with a warchest of talented individuals and innovators instead. To implement something described in the article, it requires experience , not intelligence, nor age. It's the experience that is in question. There is a lot of radically different and unique technologies that would be required to be mastered in order to implement a medical device such as this, safely and reliably. Not to mention extreme business prowess to wiggle ones way into a tightly guarded community such as the medical industry. (It's likely she brought in outside help to do the actual implementation, which is normal, other commenters have noted that she came from a family with great means, which would extend her reach by a great margin). Originally, I was commenting on it being absurd that in the US, one can patent an idea that one has no clue how to actually implement/build. Perhaps that was not the case here (although it seems to be), but unfortunately that is the case for an awful lot of patents here in the states. Anyone can think something up -- but to actually do it... that's a whole different beast. How so? (honestly asking) The entire idea of capitalism is to have fierce competition between companies -- patents, by design, allow one company to innovate once, then nobody else can make something similar. That seems, very anti-competitive (and open for abuse as evidenced by today's "patent wars"). If nobody could "squat" on an idea, then instead of innovating once, you would have to continuously innovate to stay in the lead of your industry. I can't locate it now, but there was an article I read somewhere that talked about the un-expected side-effects of speed cameras. Was along the lines that people get used to where speed cameras are located (along their daily commute, etc), and either slow-down in that one particular area (positive effect), or slam on the brakes and cause accidents (negative effect). Both resulting in fewer traffic citations, andd causing the cost-to-maintain the cameras (often contracted to 3rd parties) to increase. Some cities in the Bay Area of California have removed the camera inside the boxes, stopped paying the contractor to maintain the cameras, and just left the metal enclosures in place -- with the same results. (maybe hidden moral - humans are creatures of habit?) Every time I drive by one of those, I look at it, which completely distracts me from the road. (how fast does it say I'm going? Does my speedometer say the same thing? It doesn't!?) If you are not capable of affording at least a cheap-almost-free ssl cert in order to protect your site's users, and given your site actually requires SSL (such as secure account login, transactions, etc) you probably should not be running the site. SSL certs can be found for $1.99 per year sometimes from companies (that's cheaper than it costs to run your server). Sure they are not the "name brand" ssl certs like from Verisign that cost $300 a year -- but to a browser, SSL is SSL (so long as the browser recognizes the trust chain). If your country prohibits SSL's use -- then you really should consider not hosting your site from within your country. Security is not a joke. You do know TLS and SSL can be on the same server? In fact, if you are on a modern browser, look at the SSL cert HN is using -- it should show you are using TLS 1.2. -- so no users "suffer". Some SSL certs have become bloated in price (without good reason), such as the VeriSign certs, etc. No SSL cert should cost $300 a year... that's absurd. However, they can't be free... someone has to pay for the infrastructure that not only signs certs, but provides the trust backbone that SSL rides on. That does not change the spirit of my comment. If your server requires SSL due to security reasons, and you are not capable of using SSL for one reason or another, then I'd rather you don't run that server at all. Besides, if it's not an cost-prohibitive problem, but rather one can't get an SSL cert due to sanctions, etc... well, that argument doesn't hold water either. Not every country holds sanctions against Iran for example. You may not be able to get an SSL cert from a USA company, but there are many other countries who have CA's available that probably have no sanctions. In the end, security is not a joke. If your server requires itself to be secure, you'd better do it. Most countries have operating CA's... and not every country has sanctions imposed against Iran -- so it is possible to get a cert even if you live in Iran. Here is one company offering SSL certs to Iranians (albeit, very expensive, but it's still possible to get): http://www.ouriran.com/sslservices.cfm So the discussion is not "moot". If you run a website or webservice that must be secured -- you need to secure it or not host it. As an aside -- I don't believe Iran is currently under UN sanctions -- I believe they expired at the beginning of 2014 [1] ... the US, and several EU countries and others still do have Sanctions, sure... but it's not the entire world... specifically China and Russia are not on the Sanctions list, and both operate public CA's. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sanctions_against_Iran Maybe I'm nit-picking... but "Material" is not a language... it's a design guideline. (the article, and the articles the article link to repeatedly call it a language when it's not) Do +not+ comply with the demand. There is nothing (law, morals, or else) that prevents one from scraping a publicly accessible website. TOS only apply if you agreed to them, and TOS cannot violate any other laws. Also, the demander would have to prove it was a Bot or something, and that actual data was downloaded. It could be just a guy with a lot of free time to browse every page on the site. in any regard -- this demand is ludicrous. I stand corrected. Seems wrong, but hey, I'm a programmer... not a designer ;-P No, it would be the other way around. You would have to find legal precedent that implies you must obey random requests for data from website operators... (and I'm pretty sure there is none). Their findings are not necessarily any less relevant just because it's from 2012. In fact -- their findings match almost exactly what my company has discovered. We've found that allowing social logins on our site (ecommerce) only causes confusion for our customers. "We can't locate your order under that email address. No, not that username either, keep guessing..." We have found it's best to either not force customers into account creation at all, or make it super easy (ie. a checkbox "yes" and password prompt on the checkout page only). Can you elaborate a little? Using OAuth is fine and all... but it's not eliminating the customer from having to sign-in still... ie. they are still typing a username and password, just not into your system. So what are the benefits (both perceived and actual)? (EDIT) - Whoops! was looking at the old site still! Nice improvement! Much better than the old site! ;-) I'm sort of embarrassed that I've been using Linux for years, consider myself "at home" on the terminal, use vi/vim daily, yet, know so little about it. A lot of effort went into this obviously. How does it compare to JavaFX -- the new GUI toolkit built into the standard JRE now? (I have not used SWT, but I do love JavaFX) You are interpreting this wrong I believe. I think the intent was to say: Linux, on any x86_64 architecture, is supported. For some reason... people like to list Ubuntu instead of "Linux" when stating they support Linux. The 12.10 is probably just to ensure you have a relatively recent disto. You mean to bundle a jre into your application? There is: - install4j - exe4j - AdvancedInstaller etc... All will bundle your jre into an exe, msi, .sh (auto-unpacker), etc. You can even do .dmg's if you want. I actually find packaging my java apps pretty easy. :) Also... there are a LOT of JVM vendors. Oracle's JRE/JDK just so happens to be the most well known. Besides OpenJDK/JRE, many other companies make their own such as IBM, BAE, BlueSystems, etc. The "study" does not account for nuances in each language. JIT'ed java code will run at native C performance... because it essentially is native C once it's been JIT'ed. The tests did not account for JVM warm-up time, nor allow the code to become "hot" before running their tests. They also executed their test code on poorly performing operating systems not designed to execute high performance code, ie. they ran their tests on consumer desktop general purpose operating systems instead of a more specialized system designed for the task... or at the very least a more specialized OS such as a flavor of BSD or Linux without the desktop and other generalized packages. I don't really consider this a well done test, and the results are only surface-level... certainly nothing you should base a serious decision on. ^^ This is not "unbiased"... in their attempt to make it unbiased, they introduced a huge amount of bias. They wrote the code for each language based on prior knowledge about each language, and/or from likely googling how-to's... far from performant code with any language. A mild understanding of each language could yield dramatic performance improvements over not understanding it at all. > EDIT: I stand corrected. I downloaded his examples off Github and ran them the same way as the paper. I get 1.87s for C, and for Java... also exactly 1.87s. Your code probably got JIT'ed... which essentially makes your java code into native C... So... it's no surprise they perform around or exactly the same (given the JVM is allowed time to warm up, discover "hot spots", and then perform the JITing) It is a very un-scientific study, done by non-programmers with little knowledge about programming in general. To them, syntax may seem like a big deal... just because they are ignorant to the languages other advantages or disadvantages. As you noted, there are a plethora of reasons to choose either Java or C++... The sample code is probably too predictable and the JVM was able to optimize it well. In any event... the "myth" that Java is slow is bogus :) Probably a fair assessment. However, it should "just work" on any Linux disto provided any dependencies are installed on the distro and/or packaged into the toolkit. If there are system-side dependencies... I'd like it more if they just listed those... then I can determine if my Fedora system, for example, will work or not... and I know what I need so that it will work instead of just guessing. Looking at the toolkit... well.. it's Java... so it will "just work" provided java is installed on your machine (a given if you are writing or running a java program). There is some native C in there, likely for hooking into the OS and making windows, etc.... that could be system specific... but probably still does not require any external dependencies. So... this toolkit... probably "just works". 30 years in the cooler? I would be very afraid of finally revealing 30 years of hard work, only to find out it's irrelevant now...or that we pursued in the wrong direction. Does not seem to be a very good way to go about revolutionizing any technology... I believe you completely missed the mark on this one... Facebook themselves understood they needed consent... which is why they added a blurb in their TOS. The only problem... it was 4 months after the "experiment". This was far beyond simple A/B testing. The complete disregard of ethics, and the downright Facebook fanboy-ism that is going on in this thread is bewildering. No... You should tell your users and include it in your TOS. (not do it, then add it to your TOS after the fact). Well, just some thoughts: 1) Facebook is not an advertising company, although they are trying to be (and so far have been unsuccessful). 2) Facebook was not just manipulating adverts, but instead your entire feed, which up until recently, had been largely organic (what your friends posted, you saw... all of it). 3) Facebook never has discussed the possibility of "testing" on users, and the general assumption they do, does not excuse the practice. 4) A/B testing for which color button makes people click more often is far different than only displaying emotionally charged posts/images and seeing how users react. This has reminiscence of psychological warfare tactics employed (and now largely banned) by a Vietnam era CIA. 5) Facebook acknowledged the need for prior consent via TOS implicit agreement... but only after they had already concluded the "experiment" (actually, 4 months after). 6) If another company, say Google, manipulated your inbox without your consent nor knowledge, you would likely feel strongly. Both Gmail and Facebook are operated by companies that can do whatever they wish -- but this does not make it right to do whatever they wish. It's quite clear what happened. GS told us. A GS employee emailed sensitive data to a gmail account... and now GS wants Google to go in and delete an email from a private user's account without their permission (and possibly without their knowledge). There is nothing to "track". GS screwed up... now wants Google to "save the day". Given by the press around this, and the likelyhood the gmail account owner noticed the email, we can assume the data is already in the open... so retroactively deleting it accomplishes nothing. GS needs to start informing their customers about their data loss and possible outcomes. > iCloud will offer this in the coming iOS / OSX releases. and... nobody cares. > Why in the world should that be assumed instead of checked? Because email is not encrypted and not secure... so any server or anybody in between GS and the google server that data wound up on, could have a copy or seen a copy. Not to mention all the possible ways this data could be exposed. The receiver took a picture. Printed it. Saved to a file. Forwarded it and it was forwarded again. Not every device marks emails as "read" on the server. The point is, Google can't tell GS if this data is secure or not. Deleting the email is irrelevant at this point. You are forced to assume it has been exposed because the data left your premise and your control. Bigger picture... this happened in any capacity. GS should be in serious hot water with somebody... perhaps even a government regulatory body. Most major companies with sensitive data to protect have multiple safeguards in place to ensure said data does not leave their control. It's common/standard practice for email filters to auto-encrypt all email attachments, or just downright forbid them from going out. Some appliances will even read text of emails for sensitive data being discussed with unauthorized individuals. See SEJeff's comment below for more details and links. I see we came to the same translation ;-P No, the optimizing compiler inside the JVM does produce a lot of native code for your system... c/assembler. It just has to discover hot spots then JIT them. It is enough. You can perf test the same non-trivial program (such as a biz application) in C and Java, and given you allow the JVM to warm up, discover hot spots, and JIT your code... they will run just about the same performance level... every time. The JVM is impressive. There are some great tips/tricks in this document. Too bad it's not in Markdown or something easier on the eyes! Damn, this is a great game! Keep up the great work! RHEL pretty much is the standard for enterprise-y distros. I'm pretty confident they weighed the XFS decision very heavily, and in the end chose it for good reason. In fact, here's an article on the SUSE blog from a year ago discussing why XFS is a great choice for enterprise: https://www.suse.com/communities/conversations/xfs-the-file-... Microsoft seized the domains in order to discover command-and-control servers of a few botnets. Now... whether or not Microsoft seizing another legitimate company's property without any notice is legal/ethical is another question (one that probably should get more attention). Probably, but in this case, somehow Microsoft discovered they were using the noip.com's Dynamic DNS service... perhaps the Control servers "floated" around on the net and Dynamic DNS discovery was the best option? Yes, the question was along the lines of, why is Microsoft seizing other company's property, even with a court order... sounds to me like Law Enforcement should have done the actual seizure, even if Microsoft is consulting for them. And there was no prior warning to noip.com -- they woke up one day and their domains were seized. They only found out why after the fact -- and, given the nature of free Dynamic DNS services, it's very unlikely noip.com was even aware that a botnet was using their services (the justification for the seizure). And, I can't help but feel Microsoft could have obtained the same data by politely asking noip.com -- nobody likes to harbor botnets (and we have no reason to suspect noip.com of trying to do so). Seems domain seizure was heavy-handed at best. > I can not believe this is the normal legal process. It's not. > There must have been some extraordinary circumstances that I am not aware of. Possible, but so far, the case is mostly sealed (refer to the above statement). From what we know, Microsoft identified some botnet(s) using noip's service as part of their infrastructure. Nothing points to noip knowing about the botnet, so we must assume until we know otherwise that they had no knowledge. This leaves us with a US company waking up one day to find their property seized by another US company, supposedly with the backing of a US court. > Given that Microsoft probably hasn't got more legal rights than anyone else, could No-IP do the same to Microsoft? Probably not -- Microsoft has a history of helping Law Enforcement track down botnets -- in the past they have literally marched into data centers and seized all the servers from a company without their knowledge (they even did this overseas outside of the US once). It's unlikely if noip were to bring suit against Microsoft, that it would go anywhere. (It's as scary as it sounds when a private company is leading Law Enforcement, instead of the other way around). Possibly -- and I guess time will tell. However, given the tone of noip's public statement regarding this issue -- there seems to be no indication they had any forewarning, be it refused court order or not. Since we know very little at the moment -- it has to remain a possibility that the other happened -- we are left in the dark on purpose due to the nature of the event... and possibly some favorism from the court (citing Microsoft's past aid to law enforcement) Couple of thoughts: 1) I hope they are teaching Python 3.x instead of 2.7.x. 2) A good portion of the schools cited in the Appendix are not "computer" schools. UC Davis for example, is the last place I would attend for a CS degree (I know many students at UC Davis -- it's much better suited for other degrees). 3) My school (CSU Sacramento) does not even offer any Python courses, but there's a lot of Java and C courses (depending on your major concentration). Well, from my perspective, students should learn on current gen tech, be it Python 3.x or Java 8, C++11, etc. I agree that simply learning some programming has no bearing on the language version, etc... however, as students get familiar and start to experiment on their own, they may learn "the old way" of doing things. There is no downside to teaching Python 3.x, there might be a downside to teaching 2.7.x. You linked to Grad School rankings -- hardly what anyone would consider "beginner programming courses". Very interesting (CSU Sacramento student here). Our CS Major's start with CSC10 (or is it 15?) which is C, then CSC20 which is Java, then CSC35 which is Assembler (GAS/Linux). From there, it depends on your focus, but a large amount of classes favor Java, and a few C/C++. Well, yes, sure... core programming concepts are the same regardless of language used and/or version. However, from my experience, most students don't venture off on their own until after becoming very familiar with a language. Not all students are experimental enough to hack on personal projects for fun or what-have-you. I've actually had a fellow student tell me the Java class file he emailed me for a project would only run on Java 6 since that's what the lab had installed -- obviously wrong. The point being -- students will intern what they are taught. They should be taught on modern versions/concepts so they intern modern ways of doing things. By teaching Python 2.x to students, you do them a disservice by teaching them the way Python "used to" do it... not how it "does it" now. As an aside -- with all of the major Python libraries now ported to 3.x -- I see little to no reason anyone should ever learn Python 2.x, or use it (with the exception of the obvious legacy codebase support issue). Well, from the python.org website: > Short version: Python 2.x is legacy, Python 3.x is the present and future of the language[1] This should be enough of a reason for classes to move to 3.x. Regarding your "in the trenches comment", remember, most of the folk on HN are involved in software engineering in some capacity, myself included. No doubt it has taken a long time to move into 3.x, and it may take a while still. That doesn't make an argument to teach students a language dialect that, according to it's maintainers, is legacy. > In particular, instructors introducing Python to new programmers may want to consider teaching Python 3 first and then introducing the differences in Python 2 afterwards (if necessary), since Python 3 eliminates many quirks that can unnecessarily trip up beginning programmers trying to learn Python 2. [1] As I mentioned before, most (all?) of the major Python libraries have now been ported to support 3.x, so this leaves little reason to start out learning 2.x (unless you are setting out to maintain an old codebase, but we are talking about academics here and new beginners, so that point is moot). [1] https://wiki.python.org/moin/Python2orPython3 Bachelor level students do not conduct research... so it seems odd to rank schools for their Bachelor CS degree program based off of stats about their Graduate CS programs. (this thread is about beginner programming courses, ie. undergrad students). -- as a footnote, at least at my school, the graduate level professors are not the same ones teaching undergrad classes. You seem to be missing the point. They (noip.com) had zero pre-warning of a domain seizure. Regardless of any literature you dig up from years ago that states some botnets use Dynamic DNS services such as noip.com, it does not mean they had warning they were about to be seized. Others have commented that the court order forbid anyone, including Microsoft, from informing noip.com prior to the seizure. It should be noted, that most/all "cloud" services likely have some sort of illicit behavior being conducted through them... Ec2, Azure even, etc. Botnet's use the same services me and you do... that does not for even a second make noip.com responsible for the botnet's actions. I gave CentOS 7 a spin last night (been waiting for the release!). I installed it on VirtualBox (using a Windows host pc). I must say, my first impressions are that this is a very nice release. They implemented the same new installer from Fedora, which I really like. It makes for 2 clicks (Language and Keyboard) and then it's installing in the background while you can setup your passwords and accounts. This makes for a very fast install. The system just seems to feel "faster". I know that is completely objective, but mind you, I did not have the VirtualBox Guest Tools installed on the VM, and it still felt "native". I'm not sure what about it specifically feels faster, just everything I guess... especially booting. eth0 was set to "ONBOOT=no" by default, which tripped me up for a half second (since all previous releases came with all adapters up). A quick config change and restart the network service, and up and running. I was surprised there was already update packages available, including a kernel update. VirtualBox did not want to install it's Guest Additions/Tools on the VM, due to some change with "numa", from my understanding it's memory allocation related (could be wrong). In any event, I got the "struct mm_struct has no member named numa_next_reset" error. Some digging around and I located this patch: https://www.virtualbox.org/ticket/12638 Applied it to the VirtualBox src once it unpacked itself to the /opt directory. After the patch, the Virtualbox Tools compile ok and installed. I have a lot more playing around to do this evening... but so far, happy to say, this is shaping up to be a great release. This is a very open and candid write-up. Very much appreciated by the community. Too many companies try to hide/cover-up their outages, but Gitlab is letting it all hang out, their mess-ups as well as things outside their control. I think that speaks a lot to the character of the company, and shows they really care. Well, Linux is now the most commonly used general purpose OS/kernel in the world. Every Android device, every Chromebook device (plus all the regular desktops and servers). I can't help but feel that part of Android and Chromebook's success is in part due to the users not understanding/having-to-know they're running Linux. Android and Chromebook don't even mention Linux anywhere, and users are content. I think regular Joe's have a stigma about Linux, and just abstracting that aspect away has helped adoption. In industrializing parts of the world, mobile devices are often the only access to the internet and software (and sometimes the first experience with a computing device). Chromebook/ChromeOS is much more capable now than it used to be, with multi-tasking and multiple "apps" can be on-screen at the same time. I really dislike the suggestion of labeling devices by what they are. fwl, ups, pdu, rtr, swt, etc... all really give away too much info imho. Yes, someone may discover what the device is on their own via nmap -O or something, but telling someone up front this is a PDU and if you mess with it, it may crash an entire cabinet... is just... silly. I tend to follow the parent comment's suggestion more, labeling by location and environment (prod, dev, etc). I think it would matter what the Universe is for their environment. A UUID may be fine as "server123" if there will never be a collision in their environment (ie. server124, server125, server 126, etc). Not if you don't control the DNS, and/or don't notice a crawl in the background network noise. I don't think articles with "NSA" in them should be penalized just because... a lot of this still is very relevant, affects a large number of the HN users, is newsworthy, etc. Granted, there is a lot of "NSA" stuff floating around... but that doesn't mean it should be suppressed... no? I agree. Blindly suppressing any post somewhat regarding the "NSA" is not good. Discussion here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8011987 Discussion here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8011987 There are already systems in place to weed out duplicate posts/links. The NSA news has "flooded the site and completely dominated the front page" because there is a flood of news. I think the argument is the "penalty" applied to posts related to the NSA, is a little overbearing and is suppressing posts that shouldn't be (ie. unique posts with new information). Such as: AMA: G. Greenwald on the Muslim-American leaders spied on by NSA and FBI (reddit.com) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8009696 They appear to be suing Tor purely because it's one technology (out of many) that was used on the target (for the suit) website. That seems pretty outrageous. Fair points -- just to counter, if a gun manufacturer makes guns, and an individual uses a gun to kill someone, the manufacturer is not held responsible... it was the user of the gun who facilitated and carried out the act. Furthermore, the Tor network is not moderated, nor managed by the Tor project. The Tor project is more-or-less unrelated to the Tor network, and it certainly does not provide any "services" to users. The Tor Project is literally a software project, not a service or platform. The Tor project simply develops on and provides the Tor core library, from which, other users have taken and made products like TorBrowser. IMHO, if you bring suit and it comes up short due to lack of homework and/or understanding, you should be fined (and responsible for the other party's legal fees). I'm tired of people suing the wrong company because their own personal knowledge of a domain is minute, and their fundamental lack of understanding (and sometimes refusal to understand) is the catalyst for the suit. Maybe I'm missing something... (I'm newerish here), but it seems to imply there are more HN users who do want NSA coverage more often and more prominent, as evidenced by the need for any "weighing down" at all, no? Why not allow it to be organic? If it's true that most are being flagged down, then that will be the same regardless of any added weight. I can understand the want to avoid obsessive flame wars, but simply suppressing important articles isn't going to do that. I understand this weight has been in place for a year now - perhaps the weight should be removed as a trial, and see what happens...? Maybe they will sue Vint Cerf and Bob Kahn next... you know... because the website in question was using TCP/IP. Wrong -- I'm paying Verizon for access to the internet -- more specifically, for access to Netflix. If I can't get Netflix, I don't pay Verizon. I either get a new ISP, or don't have internet at all. It's rather simple. Verizon's customers are consuming traffic, and it's Verizon's job, as a consumer network , to facilitate consumption of said traffic. You are arguing over the semantics of the word "internet" and completely missing the bigger picture. I only pay Verizon so that I can have access to Netflix content. No access to Netflix, then I'm not a Verizon customer any longer. Verizon is a Consumer Network -- so by definition, almost all of their traffic will be ingress. Level3 has a great blog post detailing the issues at hand. Specifically, they state the consumer networks are refusing to upgrade their networks, and this is shifting the burden to Level3. Level3 knows they are refusing, because they have discussed the matter with the "Big 5" ISP's here in the states. Level3 has even offered to split the cost with the Big5, which as they pointed out, is a win-win for everyone involved. Yet, the Big5 still refused. http://blog.level3.com/global-connectivity/chicken-game-play... Not necessarily. If Level3 is be believed (and they are credible imho), the Big5 ISP's here in the states are just flat-out refusing to make any network upgrades. Level3 has even offered to split the costs with them, since it benefits Level3 as well. What happened to all that "National Broadband Act" funding the Big5 ISP's got? What about annual infrastructure upgrades? These guys are not coping with the data-driven society the wold is now, and are trying to stretch their buck the furthest (I don't fault for that, it's business). However, when they wrongly shift the blame to others, it really fires me up. Abstraction or not, you are missing the bigger picture. 1) Level3 has offered to split the cost with the Big5 ISP's of upgrading their infrastructure.[1] * This would increase throughput and capacity for both Level3 and the consumer networks. 2) Netflix has offered free Open Connect Appliances to all major ISP's.[2] * This would allow consumer networks to only download a video once , then serve it up locally within their network to all their customers. In-network traffic is almost free for the ISP's. 3) Netflix has offered to change their entire distribution model into a P2P model.[3] * This would allow consumer networks to only download a video once , then serve it up locally within their network to all customers. In-network traffic is almost free for ISP's. . All of these options have been flat-out refused. The Big5 ISP's are purely after the money. There is no other compromise for them. [1] http://blog.level3.com/global-connectivity/chicken-game-play... [2] https://www.netflix.com/openconnect/hardware [3] http://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2014/04/netfli... Perhaps in addition to a trial period of removing the weight, you can try increasing the reply cooldown for deeply nested conversations (more-so than it currently is) that are in threads whose subject contain the triggered keywords. This way, you can slow down/stop flame wars in NSA articles without having to weigh it down. According to Level3 - a 10Gbps link bears only a one-time cost of $10K-$15K USD.[1](see comments) Chump change for major ISP's. [1] http://blog.level3.com/global-connectivity/chicken-game-play... That was the Open Connect Hardware. Free big storage boxes for all ISP's who wanted them. They also offered to change their entire distribution model to P2P as-to keep the traffic burden inside the consumer isp's network (which effectively costs them nothing, it's ingress traffic that is the major costs). Level3 has even offered to split the costs of upgrading the Big5 ISP's peering connections. All options were refused. Maybe someone can summarize why this is a problem for web developers (I'm not a web dev)? The demo at the link seems (to me) to operate exactly like any other infinite-scroll page I've been on before... P2P would make the service quality depend on how many people were online, etc... I think they'd rather sort it out another way. But regardless, even with that offer, Comcast scoffed at it, citing Netflix would still be a "large burden" to their network. (which would be even more-so false than it currently is). 1) Because they aren't a last-mile carrier, but instead a backbone provider and thus don't have chips on the table. 2) As trevelyan said, they operate around the world, and state that this situation, and mindset of last-mile carriers, is unique to the US. 3) One would think a backbone provider would share the same views as the last-mile carriers, since it would mean more money for them too. However, they state that big content providers such as Netflix are very much so not a problem, but instead it's the last-mile carrier's refusal to make necessary network infrastructure upgrades to augment capacity. This information is available on their blog. This post in particular worth a read: http://blog.level3.com/global-connectivity/chicken-game-play... I've had this happen a few times, only it's the caller that ends up getting someone else when they dial my number. I"m on T-Mobile. I used to have Verizon, and before that AT&T and have kept the same number. I've suspected it was something to do with me porting my number. The Ethernet speeds are limited by both the USB bus it's riding on, as well as the slow CPU processing power. Although, for most of my projects so far, it's been plenty fast. This is quite the impressive release. The additional USB ports are a welcome addition, as-is the additional GPIO. I have one project in particular that will benefit from the additional GPIO. The microSD slot is also a big deal. microSD's are much more common now-days than SD's due to most people's phones having them. I own a slew of old mSD's from old phones and can re-purpose them into a Pi project now :) Well, I'm not sure how well regulated my $3 powered usb hub is. I find myself having to do this weird ritual of plugging stuff in under the correct sequence otherwise I get some power from the hub and the pi won't boot fully (goes into a weird boot loop). Switching to another (faster) bus won't necessarily improve anything. You have CPU overhead to contend with, as well as relatively slow I/O on the SD card. So, just because the port is moved to a faster bus and could support GbE, doesn't mean you would get GbE performance. Your home network is likely already faster than the Pi can handle, let alone your internet speed. A file transfer across your network (scp a video to the SD cart for example) will already burst, then slow down as-is. You can see, the SD cart write i/o is the current bottleneck. You need some sort of bootloader, even in a traditional PXE boot scenario... it's just that your BIOS hands off to the bootloader on your onboard PXE chip instead of to your OS's bootloader, etc. So, it's chain-booting no matter how you slice it. You can setup your SD card to have U-Boot and not much else... just what's necessary for U-Boot to, well, boot. Then it takes over and does it's network boot of your full OS. So you can get a sort-of PXE boot setup. It's standard to have a commenting session on a proposal. It neither signals support or withdraw from the issue. I've only ever seen Windows-based systems adhere strictly to the 3-character extension. All 'Nix's I've worked with (Linux, BSD's, etc) usually have native files on the system with extensions longer than 3 characters. (.conf anyone?) Also, probably should note, file extensions are largely a Windows-based OS thing as well. On the 'Nix's, an extension isn't really needed (OK, it's not needed on Windows-based OS's either, but the OS prefers it). the "file" command will tell you all you need to know about a file without an extension. Or, you can just open it with a text editor. Or, execute it if it has execute permissions, etc. So, it seems, the 3-character extension (or extensions at all) are really a Windows-Based OS thing. (While we're at it, Windows-Based OS's are the only OS's I've worked with that actually require something in-front of the "."! For example, try to natively create a ".somefile" on Windows -- it will complain and not let you). A lot are using Zimbra now days. My company made the switch a few years back. Lower TCO, has all the same features of Exchange (plus some collaboration features Exchange lacks), plus it's open source so you can hack on it or make your own custom modules if you desire. At my company, we don't even consider Ubuntu as a viable server platform. It's RHEL/CentOS for just about everything. As you mentioned, the LTS Ubuntu versions are really not on the same level as the stable RHEL releases and support that is provided. Yes, Ubuntu is very popular... in both the Desktop and Server arena (mostly catalyzed by EC2 making Ubuntu the default Linux image, even though EC2 is built out of RHEL/CentOS boxes). However, most "big metal" servers are RHEL/CentOS or something else. In any event (and distro-fany-boyism aside ;-) ... one has to question the change from Debian Stable to Ubuntu LTS. The only thing I can think of, is they wanted a more "proper" company to call up for support... even though Debian are the guys Ubuntu calls up when they need support. At the end of the day, my 2 cents would be to get a distro that focuses on being a server distro first and forthright, not a distro that is a jack-of-all-trades. This is truly a arm asm gem :) The license the author of the BrainFuck example has chosen (or made up) actually is pretty restrictive, if not immature. Software licensing is not a joke. The author's account on Github seems to have many projects were a license has been either made up, or adapted. Perhaps out of lack of understanding current licensing and available licenses. They could check this site out for some help: https://tldrlegal.com/ If the author intends to allow anyone to use the codebase for anything, they should choose an existing license that permits this... such as the MIT, Apache, BSD licenses, etc. Making one up is not an acceptable replacement and would not hold up in court should it ever come to that. "But judge, the author said I could do 'WHAT THE FUCK I WANT'!". :( What stops me from re-licencing under my company's proprietary license, then suing the original author for copyright? (It appears this "license" allows implicit re-assignment of copyright). Not to mention, this "license" was not written by a lawyer, but rather a software developer. I'm no lawyer, and I'm confident any license I can make up would be shredded by real lawyers. Furthermore -- the codebase in question above, does not include the optional "No Warranty" clause, which means his software implicitly must be fit for use... and if it breaks something, he can be held liable. While I agree with the spirit and intent of this license, it really isn't a real license and is easily mis-used by even those who do wish to treat it as real. So, this license appears to be really a joke-license... not a serious one... and I still maintain the codebase's author should pick a real license if the intentions are to allow universal use. There are several. And no, just because a license appears on the site I linked to does not make it "solid". * The codebase in question neglected to include the "No Warranty" clause, which implicitly means his code is fit for use. So, if I run it on my machine and my machine crashes, he is liable. * Just because a license has yet to be challenged, does not make it solid. That would be rather dangerous in a corporate environment. * This license does not forbid me from re-assigning copyright to myself, then pursuing the original author. As I said before, licensing is serious business. There is a reason most licenses are pretty long, even the "do what you want" licensing like MIT or BSD. Glad to have you part of the discussion. I'm not discussing your repos, but rather the license choice. You appear to have forgotten to add the "No Warranty" clause to the repo's you use the WTFPL on. This implicitly means your code is fit for use, and if it crashes my system, you are liable (and, more importantly, you accept liability). I wouldn't need you to re-license under BSD since the WTFPL allows me to do this already... without your knowledge nor permission. The WTFPL allows me to re-assign copyright to myself, effectively stealing your work. I might even be able to pursue you after claiming the codebase as my own work (and re-licensing it under a proprietary license). In any event, the WTFPL provides you with almost no protections against much of anything. As a fellow developer, I don't want anyone to get screwed. I agree with the spirit and intent of your license choice (I use Apache 2.0 for my projects specifically to allow others to do whatever they want, except claim copyright or re-license). However, I feel this license is more of a joke and could do more harm than good. He uses Linux sys calls, which means the kernel needs to be there (and a libc of some sorts)... but that's all that's needed. So, with the RPi, you could essentially "boot" this code with pretty much a bare-metal system otherwise. It's actually the reverse when it comes to licensing (or contracts for the matter). If you don't explicitly state it, then it can be interpreted to be implicit. When dealing with licensing or contracts, you want as little legal wiggle room as possible. Part of the reason even the most basic of contacts/licensing are pretty verbose. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Implied_warranty I was more speaking about the license in general, not the specific codebase example. RHEL 7 (and now CentOS 7) has native Docker support built in... seems that would have been a good choice of distro if they were looking for good, long term Docker support. In fairness, RHEL/CentOS did not support in-place upgrades between major releases until RHEL/CentOS 7 (just released). Prior to 7, it was recommend to always do a fresh install. This seems glaringly obvious. If you statically link to a specific line number, and if your source code changes, then your static link may not point to the same code... duh? Reports are stating they believe it may have been shot down. Just curious why the US would play any role in this situation... it's a Malaysian plane, over Ukraine, coming from the EU. Seems like the EU should be tasking their satellite's, or even Russia. Probably a fair assessment. The EU, Russian, and especially the US spin machines have been in full swing for the past few months. Boeing made and sold the plane, they did not operate it. Well, I thought Ukraine declared their airspace off-limits to civilian planes... so why was this plane over Ukraine anyways? Why was this civilian plane over Ukraine to begin with? I seem to recall (can't find the link now) that Ukraine declared their airspace closed to civilian aircraft after the Ukrainian Troop Transport plane was shot down recently. Even if the airspace was open, it seems highly risky to fly over a battle-zone anyhow where direct radio communication with troops on the ground may not be possible, and opens a wide door for an accidental grounding, if not on purpose. Still seems highly risky to fly over a known battle-zone where similar planes (albeit, military) have been shot down recently where direct communication with troops on the ground may not be possible (opening a door for an accidental grounding, if not on purpose). > A recent FAA notice warned of the potential of misidentification of civilian aircraft over eastern Ukraine, but surely nobody thought they would shoot a civilian aircraft out of the sky. Yes, but without any direct communication, no organized Air Traffic Control, and without tracking satellites, it seems very easy for ground troops to mistake a civilian transport with a military transport. Seems ludicrous for anyone to attempt to fly over Ukraine right now. 1) Level3 has offered to split the cost with the Big5 ISP's of upgrading their infrastructure.[1] * This would increase throughput and capacity for both Level3 and the consumer networks. 2) Netflix has offered free Open Connect Appliances to all major ISP's.[2] * This would allow consumer networks to only download a video once, then serve it up locally within their network to all their customers. In-network traffic is almost free for the ISP's. 3) Netflix has offered to change their entire distribution model into a P2P model.[3] * This would allow consumer networks to only download a video once, then serve it up locally within their network to all customers. In-network traffic is almost free for ISP's. . All of these options have been flat-out refused. The Big5 ISP's are purely after the money. There is no other compromise for them. [1] http://blog.level3.com/global-connectivity/chicken-game-play... [2] https://www.netflix.com/openconnect/hardware [3] http://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2014/04/netfli... Verizon is charging me for access to the internet -- then charging the internet for access to me. That is double-billing, and it's egregious. Verizon is selling me a 50Mbps connection, but if I use it, for even a little, they get upset and say they are over capacity. This is the same company that over-subscribes their network on purpose , as most ISP's do. They will come into a neighborhood with a 1Gbps link, then sell 50Mbps to 100 homes, in hopes that not everyone uses the connection at the same time, nor for long duration. To use your own analogy -- it would be as-if your phone provider charged you to call me (they do), my phone provider charged me to receive the call (they do), then my phone provider charged you for making the call (they don't). not to mention, ground troops in a civ-war-like situation may not have the technology to detect a civilian aircraft's transponder, nor even expect one to be in the area (after all, it's more-or-less a war zone right now). Just posting an update to my parent comment: This is now starting to appear very-much-so as an accidental grounding. The rebel's posted on a social network bragging about grounding another military troop transport, then quickly deleted the post as soon as the news broke about a civilian airline going down over Ukraine. The bulk of your "business internet line" services are really only expensive due to the SLA that is attached. Drop your SLA, and the price will drop sometimes up to 80% (even though it is still technically "business internet connection" and is on the same business line subnet, etc). Their own website is displaying/using MapCode's incorrectly. For example, they have 0C.T4 and they say it's in Ireland and appears to be some bench in the picture. However, if you use that MapCode, you will see it's the middle of some river in Amsterdam. 0C.T4 == 52.369764, 4.868898 Another: 81.J4W They seem to claim it's in Alaska, appears to be some road. However, it's another river in Amsterdam. 81.J4W == 52.508957, 4.769173 So, they want to throw out the old coordinates system (which was absolute location regardless of any "context"), with a system that if you loose the context information, or misinterpret it, you can wind up in a very wrong location? I've written a fairly extensive GPS library for some embedded device projects in the past, and I can attest to the computer not caring about the long coordinate system, they are just floating points really. Any reference to how they came up with any given Map Code? Like how 52.508957, 4.769173 became US-AK 81.J4W? I see they have come up with them for all locations, but how can I take a given coordinate and surmise it's MapCode, or the reverse (without their API or website)? I took a similar approach, although not with Slackware. I was tired of not knowing what was inside my distro, nor how it worked... so one day I decided to build my own distro (following the very good Linux From Scratch book, and then later the Cross-Linux From Scratch book). It's even more bare-bones than a base arch or slackware -- but the best part was knowing exactly how everything worked, and no longer fearing of changing something, because I understood what it was doing now. The experience and knowledge of "rolling my own distro" is very applicable elsewhere -- from understanding kernel panics better, to understanding "dependency hell", to how the entire boot process even works. A linux distro is really a thing of beauty once you understand what is going on under the hood. Hmm, I just took a look at their Java SDK... (clearly just sample code, but intended for embedding into your project to get going quickly) They make a lot of assumptions, and a lot of hard-coded values. For example, they seem to have lots of city names and country names hard-coded into a giant String array. ISO country codes are hard-coded (probably a safe assumption so-long as new countries are not added), many "magic numbers". Overall, I think these things are acceptable... but I don't necessarily like relying on the assumptions that "things today should be the same tomorrow". With plain old coordinates, my software would never care if the ISO added new country codes or what-have-you. I see they intent this to be mainly for human consumption -- but is US-AK 81.J4W really any more memorable than 52.508957, 4.769173? I'd probably end up writing both down personally, which means the coordinates would suit me just fine. My company started accepting bitcoin a few months back. We use BitPay.com to offload risk (they instantly convert a BTC payment into your preferred currency and cash you out at the going rate). We haven't made any sales with BTC yet... (as my VP reminds me weekly ;-), but none-the-less, the company views it as a great alternative to what normally would constitute a "high risk" shipment (usually to countries were high credit card fraud rates or other scams originate from... if we get our money now, and there is no risk of chargeback, etc, then we will ship the order). So, it's not really a "marketing ploy" as you put it, but rather a good vehicle to accept orders the company may have normally rejected due to too much risk. > Well Dell wants to promote the currency so much they will be giving a discount What could be going on here is, Dell is speculating on BTC. So a 10% discount today in exchange for products they still make profit on, will result in potentially multitude of additional profit later. (The discount encourages people to give Dell their BTC, so Dell can sit on them and speculate... it's what a lot of the BTC payment processors are doing presumably). Well, phonetically, pure numbers are better. It's much harder to hear "eight" and mistake it for another number, but "P" and "T" are commonly confused (presumably people would read it as "Papa" and "Tango" to avoid confusion). What about "O" and "0", "I", "l", "1", etc. Now we have ambiguities that may not be interpreted correctly, even with phonetics. Doubtful you would be interested in our products, although you never know! -- we're in the jewelry and crafting business. http://www.jewelrysupply.com/ http://www.jewelrysupply.com/ordering_info.html Knew about it, assumed it, or not... it's egregious. would certainly be a lot less confusing if the api was actually hosted on the same domain. as-in: news.ycombinator.com/api or something... When I search for "news.ycombinator api" I get a bunch of irrelevant or very outdated links... https://www.google.com/#q=news.ycombinator+api One must wonder, how much better this setup would of scaled had it been a more appropriate webserver stack such as Linux/BSD + Apache/Nginx or similar. Perhaps less boxes would be needed, or with the same number of boxes, more concurrent users. > Microsoft infrastructure works and is cheap enough not as cheap as just paying your team to maintain the boxes. I wonder how many times in the past few years SE has needed to call Microsoft for support? Would a RHEL license still be cheaper (probably)? If something like CentOS then there would be no support cost unless you need to bring in an outside contractor (for a particularly nasty issue). It's difficult to take pragmatic advice from someone who took the least pragmatic (and most expensive) route for a startup web company. You mean to tell me Joel is partially responsible for the abomination known as Excel 2007 where I can't pull-drag the damn window from screen to screen (but all of the other Office 2007 products do!) > the MS stack is more performant than the Linux one on the same hardware This is provably not true. http://w3techs.com/technologies/overview/web_server/all http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Operating_systems_use... http://w3techs.com/technologies/overview/operating_system/al... There is a good reason majority of the World-Wide-Web is run on 'Nix stacks -- and there is a good reason majority of servers in general are 'Nix stacks. Also, an overwhelming percentage of super-computers (I know we are talking about webservers, but it illustrates performance capabilities) are running a 'Nix stack. There is also cost involved, as well as flexibility of the stack. With a 'Nix stack, it's infinitely flexible, not so much the case with a Microsoft stack. Also the default MS Stack comes with a lot of additional OS overhead that is not present in the 'Nix stack, which reduces any said box's scalability. Without trying to turn this into some sort of flame war - I was merely trying to suggest that the MS stack was not/is not the best choice for a highly scalable website. Take the top 10 websites -- they all run on 'Nix. The top cloud providers (except MS Azure), all 'Nix. These are companies that can easily afford MS licensing, so that's not part of the equation. A MS stack at this scale is unusual to say the least. That's not to say it won't scale (as evidenced by the SE team), but it doesn't mean there isn't a better alternative that saves more money and scales better with less hardware, etc. I think we agree for the SE team, given the founders were MS stack familiar, it makes sense. However, I have to disagree on your assertion the 'Nix's are less performant than the MS stack. The top tier web companies are not running 'Nix because TCO is lower; for most of these companies licensing costs are negligible and if it helped to scale better, it may even save them money going with MS stack... but they don't go with a MS stack... Sometimes a RHEL license can even cost more than a MS license. Couple that with an Oracle DB back-end, and you easily have a much more costly setup than the MS equivalent. It's not about the money. These companies are choosing the 'Nix stack because it is performing in an entirely different level than the MS stack. Everything from tiny embedded systems with 64k ram, up to monster systems with TB's of ram. > "I Contribute to the Windows Kernel. We Are Slower Than Other Operating Systems. Here Is Why." http://blog.zorinaq.com/?e=74 > The numbers are so tremendously bend in favor of "socialized medicine" There are also a lot of numbers against "socialized medicine". Any argument I can make here in text would only serve to make me appear to be against individuals having access to healthcare... and that is not a winnable argument (nobody looks good when they make any stand against a social issue). The numbers I'm referring can be wide in scope. For example, the economics of providing such a socialized healthcare system are difficult to surmise, however there is a lot of data which may indicate it's not economical at a federal level (maybe at a state level, sure). Also the numbers of citizens with interest in such a program is low, to date only 8 million US citizens have signed up for the federal/state exchanges, out of around 360 million US citizens; about 2% of the country. Only 16 of 50 states have built local Exchanges, the rest deferring to the Federal Exchange for various reasons including but not limited to the economics behind building such a portal, maintainability of such a portal, and some flat-out refused out of political, moral, or economical principal. The current program provides almost none of the goals it set out to accomplish. With the current program, it is still very possible to get a horrible disease such as Cancer, and leave the hospital with $60K+ in bills. The current program made almost no changes to the Pharmaceutical industry, which charges in excess of $300 per pill for some treatments when the cost-to-manufacture is known to be significant multiples less. The current program does not "provide" healthcare to anyone, it merely made it illegal to not have healthcare (with fines imposed if you refuse). The current program provides a way to get access to healthcare (via the government) if you have no other access, however it's arguably not affordable at all (the current program is estimated to cost a family of 4 around $4,000 USD per year -- and it's likely a family of 4 without healthcare might not have it because they could not afford it, nor can afford an extra $4,000 a year... but now it's illegal to not afford it). I digress. This debate can easily turn into a flame war, and is off-topic for a thread discussing a city implementing municipal high-speed internet. My personal opinion is the government should not even begin to think about implementing a socialized healthcare system until the budget issues are radically solved. I mean, I could be a lot more healthy if I could afford that gym membership, but I'm busy buying all this beer and junk food instead. I'd have to reduce how much beer and junk food I purchase in order to afford a gym membership. The government is buying a lot of "beer and junk food" programs that make it un-economical to afford such an vast and expansive program in current-day (even though I agree healthcare expenditures are likely a much better choice to fund rather than some of the frivolous and redundant government programs). Also, we'd need to somehow figure out how to not de-incentivize hospitals from hiring top-tier medical staff, equipment and facilities. There is a risk that if hospitals become more standardized (by means of standardized payments, etc), that it could reduce income revenue, and therefore the overall quality the hospital can afford (hospitals are businesses too). Currently, in socialized healthcare countries, the "everyday joe's" get the local healthcare treatments, while the country's elites fly out-of-country (mostly into the US) for treatments -- possibly because they perceive the treatments to be, or they are more superior to what they can get back at home (idk honestly, this should be studied more). That's not to say we can't do it... only that our present situation may not allow it until a future time. I can honestly say, picking a new logo for a new business is hard work! You want something recognizable and unique, represents your brand and message... at all pixel sizes, in greyscale and color, etc. How will this look printed on letterhead? How about in an email signature? What about stretched out for a banner on our building? Is it too similar to someone else's? With all that said, -- the logos in the article are all pretty generic "safe" logos for more "corporate-like" businesses... which isn't necessarily a bad thing. And comparing their iDevice sales against Android Device sales really shows how little of the market they control: http://www.idc.com/getdoc.jsp?containerId=prUS24442013 The link is Q3 2013, but the numbers are relevant. 211.6 million android devices vs. 33.8 million iOS devices. Docker is not a VM and should not be treated as such. Except in this case, it prompted Shatner to leave a soso-to-negative review of the app and service. I, being a color-deaf programmer, have used this and their previous version (which is very very good) extensively when doing anything graphical. I highly recommend the service. If it's a backdoor for Apple, then it's a backdoor for anyone who can figure it out (other apps, hackers, government agencies alike). only 4 years... not that old. Some of the effected web stacks are still in use today. I don't own an iDevice, but Apple's nonchalant attitude regarding possible exploitable backdoors irks me. > The fact that the other major mobile OSs gets 98% of the mobile malware (according to studies), makes this point about the "nonchalant attitude" rather week... No it does not. It's not acceptable when any company is nonchalant about any security problem on their device, product or service. And, taking Android as an example, Google is very open about the malware and malicious app problem[1] -- and takes steps to help mitigate said problem. Apple is just straight-up telling users it's not a problem. There is a key difference here. [1] http://en.tempo.co/read/news/2014/03/01/240558528/Google-Adm... > and be able to imitate Apple cryptographically Like impersonate them cryptographically with a forged/stolen ssl cert?[1] > one also needs to have physical access to the phone The user only has to pair the device with their PC for the PC to become a "trusted device", from which this exploit can be run. [1] > Serious Security: Google finds fake but trusted SSL certificates for its domains, made in France http://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2013/12/09/serious-security-... > That is about the browser CA system No, SSL certs are using to sign packages and software too. And Apple would not have a root cert, their cert would be signed by a root CA, which could be used to sign other certs if it's tricked into thinking its' Apple requesting them (like in the recent Google cert example). So one could impersonate a company if they have a cert that says they are that company. This isn't an Android vs iOS issue -- I take issue when any company ignores or brushes off a security problem. That does not detract from the current situation at all. > again, this requires physical access The only physical access that is required is for the user to pair with a/some pc -- which then said pc can be used as a vehicle for attack... Other users in this thread have mentioned airport USB chargers wanting to pair with their iDevice, etc. That's not very far-fetched really... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_signing They are likely using a plain-old SSL Cert signed by a plain-old public CA, which is how your computer would know if the executable appears to come from Apple or not. > I thought this required me to unlock my phone and say 'I trust this computer' It does, but only once, and then it's almost impossible to "un-trust" the computer without wiping your phone. Besides, you probably have already "trusted" your home computer -- which could be exploited between then and now and then used as a vehicle for attack. And, as some commenters have mentioned, when you plug into a new device, use an airplane USB charging port for example, the phone may repeatedly ask you to accept a pairing with the other side (the USB charger/device), and an accidental tap on the wrong button can leave the door open. Why, oh why, does Taco Bell's "breakfast" not have damn salsa!? I mean, it's mexican food, for breakfast (not!). So ya, nobody does do "crazy" anymore in Fast Food. Just normal, add some more onions + BBQ Sauce and it will sell. In northern California there are a few BK's that deliver. Pretty awesome. I'm waiting on Subway and Togo's to get drive-thru windows. Finally, a more-healthyish drive-through choice. I still prefer a BK burger to most MCD's burgers. There is a BK near the office, and I used to attempt a drive-thru on my lunch -- but, their drive-thru was actually slower than going inside. After a few attempts (and being late back to the office once) I gave up. Does it matter? I'm sure he isn't actually doing much engineering/coding these days. His time is probably spent managing for the most part, in-which case it's easy to see him being able to juggle the three. (not saying managing is easy) Bet's on for Microsoft. I would highly recommend starting out by building your own linux distro by following the linux-from-scratch book or similar.[1] You will learn a lot about what goes into making a distro actually boot, how the different pieces of software are interacting with each other, and how to solve and debug typical issues and kernel panics. From there, I think many would recommend attempting to make some sort of Kernel Module, even if it's a very basic one that isn't of much use. The experience alone will teach you a lot of valuable skills and knowledge.[2] Learning some assembler will help as well. There is a great free ebook from the gnu assembler (GAS) project [3]. Assembler will help teach you how the computer is really doing what it does. This is important if you are going to be working closer to the kernel and most of the critical subsystems, be in Linux or the BSD's (even Windows actually). There are many different Assembler languages, but learning some basics in one will help you understand how others work. [1] http://www.linuxfromscratch.org/lfs/ [2] http://www.linuxchix.org/content/courses/kernel_hacking/less... [3] http://download.savannah.gnu.org/releases/pgubook/Programmin... > I'd just be embarrassed because I'm not good enough and they'd laugh at my code. I don't think one is a good programmer until one believes themself to be a bad programmer. When I was more green, I used to think "I've got this!", but as I learned more, I began to realize how little I really knew. Not necessarily... you can ask for code samples up front, then later in the interview see if the candidate is actually capable of living up to the expectations set by the code samples. He may possibly be referring to just getting familiar with C, since there is a lot of stuff you must worry about with C that you may not be used to with higher level languages (such as having to manually manage your memory allocates, etc). I agree, maybe not 0% rate, however, instead of focusing on chastising and ridiculing companies that make [business smart] choices to alleviate their tax burden, we need to focus on fixing the core of the problem that promotes businesses to seek tax relief in the first place! Absolutely in agreement. The Tax code in the US is insane. Instead of criticizing companies that do the math and determine it's a smart [business] decision to relocate or whatever just to reduce tax liability, why not instead focus on what is making these companies so inclined to make said decision? In the US, we encourage everyone to "go out and live the American dream". Open a business. Be successful! But as soon as you become successful, we will punish you via a huge tax burden among other things. We explicitly advocate success, yet implicitly advocate punishment of success. It's not hard to imageine why so many companies often see relocation as a way to relieve their tax burden. It's nothing a normal citizen doesn't do. Instead of focusing on punishing companies (who will eventually just up and leave altogether), we need to fix the core problem that is encouraging the behavior -- ie. the tax code. In fairness, a CPA is not likely to be "fresh out of college" recruit, and likely will be a bit more firm in what they will or will not due in regards to time commitment and expectations out of the company. I chose the word "punishment" because corporate taxes (and taxes of top tier earners) are dramatically higher than "everyday joe's".[1] An argument can be made that they earn more/have more profit, and therefore can afford more in taxes -- yet that is the very punishment I'm referring to. "You are more successful than I, therefore you owe a higher percentage of your income". [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Income_tax_in_the_United_States... The point of that part of the article wasn't that one must wear a polo, but rather one must look professional if one desires to be treated as a professional. Wearing nice jeans and a nice button-down can be very professional looking. -- wearing torn jeans and a hoodie into a meeting... not so much. > But it's extra money. What? Who are you to decide how a company or individual spends their money? Your tone implies you feel that just because some company or individual has more money than they can spend, means they should pay more in taxes? Why are emoji's being used in URL's now... ? For me, it's just a square. On Windows 7 SP1 + Chrome. This is not a good trend to set. What is fair? I personally think a flat tax is the fairest. Some countries have already implemented this, such as the flat 13% tax rate in Russia which has been a success so far. Why do we charge people more just because they earned more? If you are a citizen, you should owe the same flat amount (percentage-wise). I think we can surmise Instagram is not going to change the name of their new product just because this company wrote a blog post. They will need to compel Instagram into doing so. I believe the snarky comments are targeted at Mozilla's last short-lived CEO. However, what does the political background of a CEO matter? Can he do the job? Can he lead them to success? Those are the questions that should be asked about any new big business executive... not rather or not he supported issue X at some point in the past. > If a company promotes a bigot as a CEO If you are referring to the previous Mozilla CEO, he was hardly a "bigot". He (I believe, going from memory here) donated $1,000 to an organization that was against same-sex marriage in CA many years back (the same election that had an overwhelming yes vote that year, more than 60%, -- a yes vote on the prop was to continue outlawing same-sex-marriage). So, fast forward to today, and this CEO was chastised for a political contribution that sided with the majority at the time. Today, it would likely be a political minority that feel that way... but at the time it was a majority. Is he not allowed to change his attitude/views about political topics? I know mine has changed in the past few years, and I expect it to change more as the future comes. So the roadmap to a safe business executive career is to: 1) Don't speak about your political views, keep them to yourself 2) Don't contribute to any political funds, it may be used against you in the future. 3) Don't be controversial in any regard. Seems like these are actually the opposite of what I would want in a CEO. I would want to know where my CEO stands on certain issues, what their level of political activism is; what do they view as important outside of the company? This really isn't just about social issues, but any issues including bills like CISPA and PIPA (and reincarnates), since they are very important to my sector today... but if a CEO speaks out against them today, and in 10 years that view is unfavorable... will it be used against him/her? I wonder what would have been the outcome had Mozilla "stuck to their guns" and not accepted Brendan's resignation. I have a hard time believing there would have been a mass exodus from Mozilla products, and I think after a few months things would have died down. The board picked him because they felt he was the best man for the job. They knew about his past, including the public records of his political background... yet still thought he was the right guy to lead them into the future. Any CEO in place now is at-best, the second choice. I think it's a real shame we've let politics govern our business. > He paid for disgusting, dehumanizing ads. No he didn't... he funded an organization (with a one-time $1,000 donation) that was against same-sex marriage. That's a far cry from directly funding adverts. And, at the time, his view and contribution was in the significant majority here in California. Today, maybe not, but back then, his views were shared by a vast majority (almost 60% in the vote). That's not to say it's right... only to point out we are chastising an individual for past beliefs that were popular at the time, but have gown to be unpopular today. > voted to outlaw same-sex marriage after a blitz of awful, fearmongering homophobic ads that portrayed gays as pedophiles and gay marriage as leading to kids being raped Horribly untrue and very off-base. I live in California and voted in that election, and remember it well. Let's not exaggerate history. I find it repulsive how badly you are willing to distort the truth to make this man appear like a monster. There were none of the advert campaigns you speak of. The adverts that were run, mostly discussed "keeping the sanctity of marriage". Please do some homework before stating atrocities that are this inaccurate. The people of California did not sway their vote because of some advert campaign anyways. This subject has been put to a vote before, and since then, with the same outcome. This is not to say I believe it's right -- only stating the facts. Regardless, open source has nothing to do with sexuality. Nothing. Who cares!? Do what you do, so long as you contribute something to the project. > I'd imagine nearly no one is buying Android phones because you can get a Bitcoin app for them. No, they're buying Android phones for just about every other reason (approx 80% marketshare according to IDC [1]) [1] http://www.businessinsider.com/iphone-v-android-market-share... I think it will become more prevalent in Eastern culture before Western -- ie. it allows characters in the native language... instead of only Western (English) characters. But then again... I don't have a bridge character on my keyboard... > Here's another data point: this 80% of marketshare is reversed when considering profits Actually, not true. iOS only controls about 52.7% of the revenue share -- however Android has been creeping up every quarter and now places like Forbes and BusinessInsider are predicting Android will overtake iOS in revenue share in not too long.[1] [1] http://www.businessinsider.com/apple-revenue-android-2014-4 Not true anymore -- see my comment above regarding Android revenue share. Can I call up the NSA and obtain a license for say... XKeyScore? Probably not... so this is egregious. Yes, but the fact that Alexander has insider-info where he knows about certain "secret" patents and then will "buddy-buddy" pay the government for "licenses" for said secret patents is absurd. How would this work if it were say, Krebs doing the consulting? He would not have access to secret government patents... nor should he (if the patents are supposed to be secret for "national security" purposes). Neither should Alexander. I'm glad Debian is putting their foot down on this issue. There are way too many careless and sometimes downright bad licenses floating around. I've seen, and argued against, people using the WTFPL before: http://www.wtfpl.net/about/ Some, even in projects that could be considered "serious" and reused in another project (I won't touch a WTFPL licenses project because to me, it's not a license and is way to legally ambiguous). I've seen way to many developers think they can write up some text and call it a license and it's "good". Not the case. Pick a real license that was written by lawyers and has well understood (and preferably previously challenged) legal ramifications. It's ambiguous for several reasons. There's not much preventing me from re-assinging copyright to myself (in countries that allow it) and then suing the original creator. There's nothing to stop me from taking your code, re-licensing it under say a proprietary license, then suing the original creator. There's nothing that stops me from taking your project's branding/symbol/graphics/name and claiming it as my own and then suing you. There's nothing that stops me from taking your work and then not providing attribution back to the original creator. By default there is nothing that absolves the license holder from warranty nor implied fitness for use. (If it destroys my computer running your code, I can sue you, and worse, you accept liability by default). That is, unless you include the optional snippet of text that absolves any warranty issues... but since it's optional, and not on the main license page (it's in the FAQ page), many authors forget to include this. There are other things too... like, legally, what does "DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT" actually mean? The law is black and white (or at least we try to be), being in the grey opens the door for abuse. Has it been challenged before in a legal sense? Has a lawyer reviewed it? While I certainly understand the intent and spirit of this license; this license appears to be nothing more than a bad (and somewhat distasteful) joke that serves more harm than good. I agree, better off choosing a public domain license or one of the several vetted FOSS licensees. The point is how is it acceptable that a previously-public-servant can have insider knowledge about "secret" government patents and he can obtain a license to use the technology but I cannot? That's absurd and an abuse of power and privilege. Perhaps I missed something... But I don't see where you substantiate any of your claims. You seem to just want to defend an obviously joke license. This license, from my interpretations, forfeits most of the copyright protections, including allowing someone to re-license (per the FAQ of the license). At the end of the day, you are free to use whatever license you think suits you best. That does not mean it actually suits you best. (As demonstrated by Debian putting their foot down on other BS licenses such as this). Even if your argument regarding copyright is valid (I don't believe all of it is valid), this still does nothing to address the other (numerous) issues I've raised with this particular license. Like I said before -- use a more appropriate license that still provides the goals you intend. As a side note -- don't accuse me of not backing up my claims when neither do you... at this point, we're just two guys bickering on a forum. Even if he uses knowledge, methods, practices, routines, guidelines, etc from his time serving at the NSA -- I would expect a NDA to prevent him from using any of that knowledge -- my company made me sign one, and so do most. My company has already created an 11main.com (Alibaba's first US ecommerce website) account and setup a significant amount of our catalog. The site is still in private invite only -- but hopefully will go public soon. We expect Alibaba to come into the US on a storm. They are huge - they have capitol, and they can afford losses in the hundreds of millions per quarter just to compete with Amazon (and snuff out part of their market) - amazon just posted an 800 million USD loss last quarter without flinching. Their revenue last quarter was greater than Amazon's and eBay's combined. I think we are about to witness a clashing of the titans in a big way. Not sure yet. 11main.com in particular has a more "local" feeling to it style-wise. I find it aesthetically pleasing to look at, instead of the blocky old look/feel of amazon.com. I think 11main.com is only their first recon assault wave. More will come. Alibaba is the parent company for a lot of child companies -- they have an equivalent for most of our major US companies[1] It's a little intimidating when you realize the scale these guys are playing at. [1] http://qz.com/206283/all-the-western-companies-youd-have-to-... IMHO, it's yet another gross over-valuation of a tech startup. The Over-valuation Bubble will burst... eventually. These companies are not really worth their current valuations. There's already a lot of dirty things Amazon does -- try selling in the same sector as them. You can't compete with a company that is willing to take tens of, sometimes hundreds of millions in losses for years just to ensure 10 years down the road, they have a controlling interest. Absolutely correct -- The little known secret - products on amazon are often more expensive than found elsewhere. They charge a 15% - 30% commission fee per item sold, so majority of retailers raise their prices when listing on amazon. The category my company sells in has a 20% commission fee, so we raised pricing by 25%, and our volume of sales on amazon was not effected. If you find a product you want, and a decent price on amazon -- try googling the seller's name/brand and see if their website comes up... the same item will likely be there cheaper. We've found that people trust the amazon platform so much, they get blind to pricing. Most also don't realize they are not buying from amazon directly - but often a 3rd party seller. Most large sellers don't use the FBA either (where amazon warehouses your products for you, for a fee). Also, recently amazon changed their minimum commission structure -- to be a $1 minimum for any product sold under $6. This effectively destroyed the penny book sellers, as well as many other industries that sold cheap but high-volume products (like my company does). So... now we've changed to sell more quantity per unit sold on amazon (case/pack sizes). So now, effectively there are no "cheap" $6 or less products on Amazon. Fair enough. I was attempting to make the point that they can post an $800 million loss and not sweat it. ;) It's not that they can't/won't compete (actually, when it comes to large scale virtualization, a 16 or 32 core Opteron is much more preferable over an 4 core or 8 core Xeon, and it's less expensive sometimes too). AMD is seeing the writing on the wall -- ARM is coming into the server market in a big way. It's way better power consumption to performance ratio. You can pack a lot more cores into a server and still consume less power, and at scale, they can compete with traditional dual CPU x86 machines. They are also cheaper to manufacture and purchase. A great many server companies are getting into ARM -- most notably HP. AMD has said this is a move for the 2016 market (at the earliest). I think it's the right move and welcome it. Because Fedora is a great development platform -- and is used much more than you would think. And it's backed by Red Hat -- which caters to the server market first and foremost. This seems a natural fit. Red Hat tests new things in Fedora before they move into RHEL/CentOS. This makes Fedora a fantastic development platform as well as a "preview" of what may be coming in the future RHEL/CentOS releases. The title I first saw was: Josh Bloch Fights a LIDAR Speeding Ticket (with Science) Which is much better than the currently edited version. Josh Bloch is always entertaining, watch some of his video talks or read some of his books. He has a couple really good talks on GoogleTechTalks youtube channel. how can a video possibly show where a laser is pointed at from > 1,000ft away? that seems unreasonable. > I'd really like to see more transparency I agree. From the random weighting down of certain articles, to title changes, to just flat-out removing/flaging some posts... it seems HN is becoming a "whatever the Mod who happens to be on today feels like" site -- which really detracts from the awesomeness of HN -- I'm not looking for a gatekeeper news site - if I wanted that, I'd go to CNN or something. That image may reasonably prove it was not a woman driving the vehicle, but no way can that prove it was the actual driver (or anyone's identity). It's way too blurry and pixelated. Also, a LIDAR beam shouldn't be pointed at a sloped window, so I doubt it actually proves where the beam was pointed at either. Discussion here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8116199 Interesting to see these comments about transparency suddenly (after an entire 12 hour period) slide waaaaay down the page... I think this is the very [lack of] transparency we are talking about! Having had the privilege of working with 2 different AS/400 systems (one a v4 and another a v6), I can say these guys are really bullet proof. Rarely are the OS level issues -- almost all of our issues have been hardware (hdd's failing, not surprising though), or our vendor app messing up (too frequent to be happy about, but hey, it's written in RPG V, so can't complain too much). The problem with learning to work with an AS/400 system is that they are ludicrously expensive to get your hands on -- So I am very glad to see something like this out there in the wild. > I wonder if his attorney cost more than the actual citation? Doesn't really matter -- getting a[nother] point on your license can be more costly log-term (insurance rates, having to re-take drivers test, etc). > and still chose the hard way Chose? Unless you work on the team that made that DLL, it's likely you'd be jumping through hoops even internally. I've read several places that even Microsoft is not standardized on a source control management, some use tfs, some svn, some git, etc. The CIA's charter forbids any domestic campaigns... It's one of the things Nadella has talked about, and plans to address over time (the extreme compartmentalism of and fierce "not made here" attitude a lot of departments/groups within Microsoft have developed over the past few decades. There are ways to get rid of NIH without losing code quality, testings, responsibility, etc. Nadella in particular is talking about encouraging collaboration between departments. PS: While the linked article is very relevant here, I'm getting tired of people always linking to Joel's blog -- he's not the definitive software spokesperson; has strong opinions which have been shaped by years at Microsoft - and a lot of his opinions are boxed into those views. The President has/had almost nothing to do with this... This was a Congress victory for the people (Both House and Senate, and both Dems and Reps). Uh... why was your reletively cheap "nas-in-a-box" exposed to the public internet? I don't even let my NAS as the office be exposed to the internet! - Also, for what it is worth, FreeNAS is amazing, and is open source. You can't have your cake and eat it too. If you want to buy an off-the-shelf "home appliance" you will get just that -- a product where you cannot update firmware/software, reconfigure security and firewall settings, etc. Maybe it's secure the day you buy it -- but in 5 years? With no updates? No way. If you buy something more enterprise grade -- or, the best option, roll your own with some of the very good options like FreeNAS or OwnCloud, then you will be able to keep it secure and up-to-date. But this takes more effort - and is likely the reason the OP did not opt for one of these very fine options. > "It's a worrying meme that you shouldn't even expect your internet-connectible devices to survive the internet, and when they break its your fault." That's not true -- you have an ethernet/network capable device; not an internet capable device -- nowhere on the box does it say "Plug this directly into the open public network in front of your firewall or inside a DMZ. You need to be responsible with your devices. Just because it can serve a web page does not mean it should be accessible over the internet! This is true even with enterprise grade gear. Saying you want to not worry about security at all but still want to put devices on the public internet that need protection is like saying you want to have a car but don't want to ever change it's oil. Sure, you as an individual can avoid changing oil -- hire a technician. Same goes with your home network. So no, it's not a bad attitude -- it's irresponsible and/or ignorant home users. Wrong -- Google lost the first of the Android/Java battles to Oracle for 9 lines of "copy/pasted" range check code.[1][2][3] [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3951575 [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3951480 [3] http://www.theverge.com/android/2012/5/9/3010404/judge-denie... I've noticed the odd trend of people bragging about how few lines it took to do X. Seems like people are trying to equate less loc == better code, which is not usually the case (better/more robust error handing and correcting, more complicated AI logic, etc). It just means you are using a more abstracted version of whatever. In reality, a 111 lines of Python program is likely thousands of lines if you were to count all of the standard Python libraries and/or any 3rd party libraries used. What if I took this program, wrapped it in say, 5 lines of Python, then said I implemented chess in 5 lines of Python? Did I really? Of course not... but it makes for a good attention grabber. Ah, that does make sense. Like Code Golf. ;) I wasn't attempting to criticize this code - but merely comment on the trend I was noticing... however as DanBC pointed out, this is really more of a Code Golf exercise, which now makes more sense! > But it's not unreasonable to think that an up-to-date Unix server should be capable of the job You are right, an up-to-date Unix/Linux server is capable of the job (but still requires routine security maintenance to keep secure!) -- however, this home appliance is far from being up-to-date... by design. My CentOS boxes at the office update almost every few days... how often does this appliance update? Once a year? Maybe twice if you are lucky. Then how many users are actually applying all updates? Probably very few. I would further contend that a nas-in-a-box like this can never be secure. The vendor isn't going to update it frequently enough -- not enough users will actually update -- they are likely using old out-dated/insecure versions of various open source projects or worse, crudely hacked together proprietary projects to run the webserver, webui, ssl layer, authentication, etc. By now, the manufacturer has probably already back-burnered this device and moved onto newer models, or will be shortly -- completely abandoning all the current users who will get stuck with a swiss-cheese-in-a-box. I'll go further and content the only safe and secure way to do this is to go with something like FreeNAS or OwnCloud. Both are current projects with massive user-bases. Both are FOSS projects, and both have a corporate backing if you need support or more enterprise features. Both stay very up-to-date with bugfixes, security fixes, and new features rolling out often. Both have upgrade paths from older versions, etc. Basically, they are much more secure and will stay that way for the life of the project. or a dead-man's switch release if something happens to the key holder... Doesn't the monkey technically own copyright over the images? I mean.. just because it's this guy's camera doesn't mean he has copyright, unless the monkey transferred copyright to him via some sort of agreement. I think we need to ask: Who would own the copyright had it been another human who pressed the button? - One human sets up the camera -- another frames the shot and takes the shot. I would say the second human who framed and shot the image is the copyright holder... meaning the monkey would own the copyright had the monkey been human... but since the monkey is not human (and copyright only applies to humans), then it's public domain. > There is no authorship there. Then why are we assigning authorship to a human? Just because he happened to be there? (Also, I can make a song on a guitar without knowing what it is nor how to play it -- I still hold copyright over my work). There is no "bait and switch" here as the author claims. Nowhere on Fivver's website do they claim you are getting a unique one-of-a-kind hand-designed logo -- you are paying $5 for someone else to tell you what a sensible logo should be and provide a few decent choices for starting out with... and that can be valuable (I know because as an engineer, the creative side of things often escape me). I see no issue here. For my side project websites and companies, these sorts of logos (and at this price point) is exactly what I would look for. I would seriously doubt actual plagiarism is going on here. Places like istockphoto and 123rf sell royalty free logos - which you can purchase the upgraded license terms which allow you to resell works with that deseign/image.[1] [1] http://www.123rf.com/license_summary.php Did I miss something? It's not developed by Chris Morris... > The language was created in 2007 by Adam Lindsay, researcher at the Computing Department of Lancaster University I assume you are in California. California has At-Will employment -- so they can hire and fire you for any reason whenever they want. "You weren't a good fit", "You didn't think Big enough", "You didn't produce enough", etc etc etc. Coming on here and ranting and trying to bring some action against the startup is not a good way to handle this. You feel wronged -- I'm sure the founders feel it was a good business decision. Sorry this happened to you... but Startups are very volatile. It could have been worse. That was a very nice company. They were in no way obligated to do any of that. You chose to break your lease on a gamble that things would work out for you... obviously they didn't... that's just how it is. > The company could be totally justified letting him go, just not in the manner in which they did it. How so? They decided he was not a good fit, by his own admission... so they cut him loose. Would you rather they hurt their business by keeping on employees who won't work out? > One, you can't be terminated for any reason. Yes you can. California has At-Will Employment. It means they can hire or fire for any reason, with or without notice, even if it's silly like they don't like where you eat lunch. On the same note, you can quit for any reason, without notice, even if it's silly like you don't like where the owners eat lunch. What would reflect worse on YC is them compelling a startup to keep a bad hire who could ultimately cost the business dearly. Hiring for first stage startups is critically important -- ie. it can make or break the company. If the OP wasn't going to work out for any reason, then it was appropriate to cut him loose as soon as possible, instead of dragging it out. Terminating because the employee was not working out is not a prohibited reason. Terminating based on say, race or sex, is however. That is very clearly not the case here. We're arguing over semantics now... you get the point I was making. The big picture is the founders felt the OP wasn't going to work out -- and made a very appropriate decision to cut him loose now instead of later. Well, honestly, most company logo's are not much more than clipart. Apple's logo, an apple... Microsoft's logo, 4 squares, IBM's logo, their name, etc etc. I think you can't expect to buy a Ferrari at the Hyundai price point. If you want more, you're going to have to pay more. > It doesn't allow termination for 'any reason' Actually, it does mean "for any reason" (well, within the law, which would exclude things such as race or gender, but that is clearly not the case here). Furthermore, a reason of "this employee is not a good fit for our company because of reason X" is absolutely allowed. (Unless the OP had signed a contract that had termination terms, etc... doesn't seem like it). > we could find ourselves in a position like France, where you can't fire anybody This is what employment contracts are for, some companies will have terms for when a termination is satisfactory, and other times you can negotiate terms as part of your employment agreement. We only have one side of this story, and a lot of emotions have been stirred because of it. Was the OP actually officially hired (as in he had salary or hourly compensation was was logging hours)? If not, then why was he already performing "work" by hitting up companies and investing his time? (Seems like a "jump-the-gun" mistake). I'm really sorry this happened to the OP -- but it's not abnormal, and certainly isn't the first time a YC funded startup has had to pivot and cut employees that won't fit. There's nothing special about this blade, it's a standard "off the shelf" HP blade that anyone can purchase. Make it right? Why do you feel they are obligated to pay him for work he did not do? Severance is optional, and a benefit of working at larger companies (of which a startup is not). Startups pivot quick and often (as it seems they did here), and usually don't have loads of extra cash laying around to do things like severance until they "make it". Again, we have one side of the story here, and with only one side, people are jumping to conclusions. What if the founders came on and said the OP lied about his qualifications? Letting emotions get in the way of business is a fast way to fail. Quite frankly, and in your words, the OP "fucked up" by committing to a startup before even having a Visa he pointed out is/was important, and from the sound of it, may not have even been an official hire with contracts signed. He did work, and if he was an official hire, he would have already been paid for said work. Being told you will be a COO is not the same as actually being the COO. That would be as-if I told a gardener I thought I might hire him, then come home one day and he's cut my yard and demands payment. If i was hired on as a COO with a startup, you bet my contract would have specific terms for which I may be terminated. Why did the OP not have something similar? The bottom line -- it's nothing personal, it's business. Startups are not big corps. They aren't going to do big corp things like severance. If that's not acceptable to you -- do not sign on with a startup . In a few months the OP will be in a new job and will look back on this as a learning experience - one that he will be a stronger individual from and perhaps more cautious in the future. If the OP did actual work, and was an official hire with either verbal or written contract, then he would have already been compensated for his time. (Otherwise that would be a violation of the law, and I seriously doubt a startup is trying to get away with not paying for work done "on the clock") If the OP did actual work, and was not an official hire with either verbal or written contract, then he was an eager beaver and jumped-the-gun, which is understandable, but ultimately would be his mistake. (I refer back to my gardener example above). People seem to be arguing the startup owes him some sort of severance -- which is ridiculous unless it was in his employment agreement. The OP will look back on this and learn some valuable and long lasting lessons from this ordeal. Why on earth would you automatically assume violation of the law when the OP never even hinted at that. Seriously... enough with the witch hunt. You have no more valid reasons to be upset -- we have discussed and debunked them all. Regardless of what he did, $1.6 Billion USD is insane. I'm sure whatever he did, he deserved jail time, but that bail amount would be very hard to stick here in the US (seems a lot like extortion to me). Doing so would reflect poorer on the OP actually. Maybe this business succeeds, maybe they fail (they are a startup, and most startups don't succeed). But, the OP will always need a job. And quite frankly, getting upset over a termination and coming online and bringing major flak to the business is a sure-fire way to get the OP rejected out of any HM's stack if they know what they are doing. Why would I want to hire someone who has a history of flaming previous employers? It doesn't matter the reason they flamed the previous employers, it's the fact that they did it at all. That goes double for anyone who is trying to get hired into top executive positions, such as COO. It's not personal, it's business... and if the OP can't distinguish between the two, then he's not ready for top level executive positions. Hedge Fund executives, Enron executives, etc all have had less bail than this guy,yet were worth considerable amounts. Also, a net worth isn't how much cash he has laying around. How terrible would it be if all this occurred and they found him not guilty? He would have liquidated his business for nothing. Still seems unreasonable. I still want to know why we did not have this "All-Star American Tech Dream-Team" build the damn thing in the first place. Talk about missed opportunity for the Administration to rally citizens around their landmark legislation. "Built By America's Best for America's Best" sort of thing. Instead, it was built by a no-bid process outsourced to a Canadian firm. The rest is history. True - my comment was more along the lines of spending the project funds with a US based company instead of sending it outside. Like, have American companies build the American healthcare system. Especially for a no-bid contract... Mods have been doing this lately. There's been a lot of grumbling and discussion about transparency from Mod's and auto-admin actions, like show something that makes it obvious an admin action was taken or show the original title before the change somewhere. Regarding titles specifically -- a change has the power to destroy a thread and drop it from the front page almost instantly. In CA, if your gross under a certain revenue, you owe a base amount in taxes ($800 in taxes + your biz license and other fees). If you are over a certain revenue, then you owe a percentage (which comes out to equal or greater than the $800 + biz license and fees). [1] This sucks a lot for small side businesses/projects, most of which may not even make $800 in the first year. It's a very anti-small business law/tax, which is why a lot of internet based companies incorporate out of state like Nevada where their tax liability is significantly lower or none at all. [1] https://www.ftb.ca.gov/businesses/bus_structures/LLCompany.s... The high tax liability claims are based off of projected revenue (in a very market-optimistic year) -- not actual revenue. This is why usually the actual tax liability is significantly less. > As a small business the value of protection you receive from the state is incalculably larger than the price you pay. Unless you are in CA and are a small or side business with little revenue (thinking side consulting gigs, etc). The minimum tax liability + biz license and other fees (base tax of $800 or more depending on revenue + biz license + other fees) quickly makes it not worth incorporating in CA if you can avoid it. That is, unless you are making more than a few thousand a year from your side gig. Is that true even if you are an online-only business? As-in, you have no physical presence in CA except you (as an employee of your own company) happen to live here? I've honestly not looked into it any further -- for my side consulting gig which I do maybe once or twice a year, it's just not financially worth while to incorporate in CA... so, I go undocumented (which means I forfeit any protections an LLC or s-corp could provide me) and CA looses out on all taxes, biz license fees, and any other fees... instead of just some... really a lose-lose situation. Not necessarily. Most businesses lose money the first year -- so add that with a minimum payment to the state of around $1,200+, and that becomes a significant discouragement to even try to start your own business. Bootstrapping a side gig until it's large enough to sustain oneself becomes much more of an unfair challenge (when compared to other states) -- yet I have a feeling shell companies don't have an issue as they are usually backed by another already incorporated company, etc. So it serves nothing but to be a giant roadblock for small businesses to get off the ground... at a time when we are supposed to, as a country, be promoting small businesses as they are the real job creators in the market. > Some of the savviest software developers are likely building TSX-enabled software right about now. Really a non-statement statement. The only people who are using CPU instructions in their code will be low level maintainers, ie. kernel devs and other OS devs. So this doesn't effect really anyone except those folks (and of course the benefits it may have provided up the stack via layers of abstractions). Yes, because the government treats encryption as a "munition". This is something implemented in the ruby language/platform -- not something a programmer who is using ruby for a project would worry about/implement. > python/ruby ... in the browser not a good idea. any fullfledged programming language that can operate in the browser becomes a significant security risk. even with sand-boxing, if you can break out of the sandbox, then you have access to a full-fledged language with all of it's power. This is the reason Java has got a bad rap; it's due to the use of Applets in the browser from which people have repeatedly broken out of the sandboxing and then can execute arbitrary code on your system (without your knowledge). The only safe and secure way to have a language run in the browser, is if it just simply does not have the capabilities that could harm your system (ie. write directly to the disk, execute other local code, etc). If the language just can't do it, then there's no sandbox to break out of and due harm with. One of the (many) reasons Javascript has been successful. (I'm a Java developer) So, we go back to Verizon not upgrading and maintaining their network? (a la net neutrality debate vs. Level3)[1] [1] http://blog.level3.com/global-connectivity/verizons-accident... No, Javascript by design can't do certain things, such as write directly to your disk, read arbitrary data from the disk, control threading at the cpu level, etc. This was part of the design process in order to make Javascript a "web browser safe" language. Other languages have been modified and browser support "bolted on" after the fact, which leads to the sandboxing, which means if one can escape the sandbox, they have a full language and all of it's features at their disposal. This is dangerous, and can lead, and has led to severe security issues. Applets are very actively maintained by the OpenJDK and Oracle projects. They are used still today for a lot of things, especially in the banking sector. Wrong. Vanilla javascript does not have access to system calls, nor is it sandboxed in the same sense as a java applet. The problem comes down to the API's either being there or not. In a java environment, the browser plugin does not allow calls to the system such as arbitrary writes to the disk, reading, etc. However, if one can break out of the sandbox, then they can make those system calls. The same would go for any desktop/server general purpose language that has been modified and/or sandboxed to run in a browser. With vanilla javascript -- there is no ability to make the system calls even if one were to "break out of the sandbox". That is the difference, and what I mean by a "full-fledged language". (node.js is heavily modified javascript with the explicit intention of being (mostly) server-side and have sys call capabilities) I'm afraid it's not that simple. Vanilla javascript simply does not have the API's to make system calls. Java does, as does Python, etc. Removing from the runtime (like in a java browser plugin) is fine, until someone can break out of that sandbox and hook into the runtime installed on the system, or inject a runtime, etc. The thing that makes javascript a "safer" web language is it just simply cannot make system calls, period. This was by design, as javascript was intended for solely residing in the browser. All other languages have had "web" bolted-on after the fact, and all have failed to be secure in the same way Javascript has been. Node.js and derivatives have explicitly added this functionality, which is what we would then call a "general purpose programming language", aka. full-fledged language. There's no debate here. ECMA Script's designers were very public about their logic in the design process, and the reasons stated here are exactly why they made the choices they did. > You could do the same thing with python except "REMOVE those"*. You could -- as the java plugin does, but the problem is someone can inject a runtime, part of a runtime, or hook into a system runtime, or into another installed application's runtime, etc. That is the core of the issue. If the language is capable in any sense of system level calls -- then it's dangerous to run in the browser -- someone can escape browser sandboxing, or language sanboxing and make direct system calls. Any language that is not designed from the ground-up to be a web language is inherently going to be insecure. It's a lot like trying to bolt on threading into a language that was not designed to be threaded (look at php's struggles). It becomes almost impossible to make it work as intended. Javascript was designed from the very beginning to be a web language -- it was designed from the very beginning to not be capable of certain things a web browser should not be capable of doing. There's no debate here. ECMA Script's designers were very public about their logic in the design process, and the reasons stated here are exactly why they made the choices they did. This is a straw-man argument. You are not understanding the fundamentals of web safety and the design decisions behind ECMAScript and derivatives. Put the fanboyism down (i love python just as much as the next guy). if it can be removed (features, api's, etc), then it can be added back in (maliciously or not) or hooked into via a system runtime or a program installed on the system. If it's just not there at all (the api's nor the facility for the api's), then it can't be added. that is really the boiled down version. every other language that has tried to be a web language without being explicitly designed as a web language has failed. why do you think python would be any different? because python is just so awesome? and to rebut your point in the other thread, i have stated explicitly the things that make javascript "safer" -- you have just chosen to ignore them or brush it off. I'll say it again -- javascript does not have the api's nor capabilities to make direct system calls. system calls are filesystem actions, threading actions, process manipulation, executing arbitrary code, writing to different outputs, manipulating memory, etc. these are all considered highly dangerous to run from a browser. The OP's article (Verizon probably wasn't alone): > So whatever happened internally at Verizon caused aggregation for these prefixes to fail which resulted in the introduction of thousands of new /24 routes into the global routing table. This caused the routing table to temporarily reach 515,000 prefixes and that caused issues for older Cisco routers. > running FreeBSD as the OS. Presumably for ZFS Google uses standard off-the-shelf sata drives too. Too many disk failures to be worth spending money on the expensive "enterprise" drives when a standard SATA drive will due the job just fine (especially in arrays like this -- plenty of spindles to get performance) Hmm, do you know which spot in the video they discuss that (it's a long video)? Seeing that they are using just controller cards instead of raid cards, and FreeBSD, it seems even if they were not using specific features of ZFS, the performance and other automatic things ZFS does to provide superior (compared to most (all?) other filesystems) data integrity and protection... they would be using it by default... FreeBSD is pretty standard for most storage servers, be it CDN's, file hosting, etc. When they say "BSD powers the internet", it's not really that much of an exaggeration. Unfortunately, as we've discovered from the whole net neutrality debate -- netflix has offered these boxes for free to all major ISP's... yet the Big5 ISP's have all turned them down. I remember that! I think "This Developer's Life" or a similar podcast interviewed them about trying to game the walmart hdd rationing (2 per customer) and stuff. The entire point of OpenConnect was to help ISP's reduce the inbound traffic burden into their networks. Normally, Netflix has a CDN and when a customer views a video, that CDN serves the content --> which comes in through the ISP's providers --> costing the ISP bandwidth. With OpenConnect, Netflix offers to give any major ISP that requests it, a free (or multiple free) OpenConnect devices. They are hands-off zero maintenance for the ISP, and they put them in the ISP's data centers. This means, when a Netflix customers goes to view a video, it gets streamed off the OpenConnect appliance which is already inside the ISP's network -- and in-network traffic costs the ISP's almost nothing. So, with OpenConnect, the ISP downloads a video once, then serves it up locally. Netflix customers get lower latency videos, and sometimes even higher HD content (overall better service), and ISP's get to reduce their traffic burden significantly, which saves them money. This should be/is a win-win for everyone involved, the ISP, the mutual customer, and Netflix. (the problem as we've seen through the net neutrality debate, the Big5 ISP's here in the US have all refused the OpenConnect appliances) Well, the boxes have multiple 10Gb ports on them -- so they can be as fast as the ISP will allow it to be on their network. And, Netflix will provide (free of charge) as many OpenConnect devices an ISP needs to serve all of their mutual customers. Also, Netflix offered to change their distribution model into a P2P model as well -- the Big5 ISP's said no to that too. I think you miss the point of open connect. It's no different than if Netflix was paying Comcast (or whover ISP) to colo a server(s) in their data centers (you can do this as a normal citizen too). The only difference, the idea is Comcast wouldn't charge Netflix for colo space since Netflix is "earning" it via cost reduction for the ISP. So they are still technically paying for the colo space. Perhaps I missed your point though -- because this seems to be a much better way to a neutral net than having ISP's charging both sides of the pipe (which the small guys can't afford even more) I presume they are syncing via something like rsync -- so besides metadata, you wouldn't be re-downloading 100TB's of video content every day. But yes, you are right, OpenConnect targets the large ISP's (mainly the Big5) Most (all) major ISP's do have DC"s that you can colo in (including comast). Just call up their business services line and ask. So, yes, you can colo in one of your ISP's DC's. Netflix is doing just that (which is why it's not a peering agreement, it's a colo agreement). They just don't get charged because they are saving the ISP the money they would normally charge for the colo service (sometimes more). What I find equally shameful are the individuals and groups using the riots as an excuse to loot and plunder the streets. If I was a business owner over there and my shop was robbed blind... I'm not sure what I would do. (also, the escalation of the police force is in proportion to how aggressive the people are getting - not excusing the situation -- just point out that people are firing rockets, fireworks and other projectiles at the police, flipping vehicles, looting and plundering...etc... absolute chaos.) It's lawful until un-lawful activities start taking place (the looting and plundering, vandalism, projectiles being fired at people and police, etc) Well, that's not the entire story of what is going on over there. As I said, I'm not dismissing the situation -- but if I owned a store over there, I would want the police to protect my storefront from vandals and looters in force. As for the other things that are going on -- I think it's best to wait for the full report being assuming [the worst] things. Just remember, 99.9999% of police don't wake up in the morning and say to themselves "how can I screw over citizens today". They are just people like you and me. There are always two sides of any story. Licensing has nothing to do with it. BSD is a much better OS for this type of work-load than anything out there that would require licensing. Just because you pay someone or a company for something, doesn't automagically make it better. > Sony switched over from Linux (ps3) to kfreebsd (ps4) due to licensing. neither of these options require licensing btw. > eager to escalate the situation I don't think "eager" is the right word here -- I hardly believe anyone, cop or citizen, is eager to escalate a situation where nobody is going to win. It's bad mojo for both sides if it continues. in addition to RAM caching. these boxes should be capable of pushing lots of bits. This is definitely helpful. At the very least for showing things that may get interpreted wrong (well, right, but wrong from the intention) in scripts. The messages it gives are far more descriptive than bash -n. Plus it includes links so you can learn more about why it's a possible problem. From the source code: https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck/blob/master/ShellChec... shellForExecutable "sh" = return Sh shellForExecutable "ash" = return Sh shellForExecutable "dash" = return Sh shellForExecutable "ksh" = return Ksh shellForExecutable "ksh88" = return Ksh shellForExecutable "ksh93" = return Ksh shellForExecutable "zsh" = return Zsh shellForExecutable "bash" = return Bash shellForExecutable _ = Nothing idk if it's a play on something -- but all of the things you mentioned above are still called a "shell", even if it's not the standard "sh" shell. and, from parts of the source code, it appears it may work with ksh, zsh, etc. (i don't have a sample handy to try though). Anyone know what the "sjavac" is about? The link just talks about improving it so it can become the new default... but what is better about it? Is it just the new javac?(why not just in-place upgrade javac then?) (link provides no real details: http://openjdk.java.net/jeps/199 ) Interesting -- finally bringing multiple-core/process compiling to javac. Although, I must admit, I have yet to work on a project where compile times were a major issue. I guess I'm just in the habit of typing "ant release" and getting some coffee ;) Good free ebook for learning how a computer does what it does: "Programming From The Ground Up" http://download-mirror.savannah.gnu.org/releases//pgubook/Pr... This isn't really fork() failing per se -- but rather a failed program/script that did not understand the well defined and clearly documented behavior of fork(). Could you have not just checked to see if you actually created the directory and/or check to make sure you moved into the directory before proceeding with your destructive function? (Defensive Programming 101 really). True -- I guess fork() has failed at that point. I was more getting at the article's authors scenarios of careless scripts treating -1 as a valid pid (which should always be > 0), which would be a failure of the script instead. Very true. Reminds me of a time when I was working on a package system for an in-house linux os build and carelessly had my fakeroot directory set wrong in my configurations, which ended up treating my local root / directory as the root of the fakeroot, which is as bad as it sounds. Running the script over-wrote my entire /etc directory among other important and un-recoverable things... Gladly, it was a development system so nothing crucial was lost. Needless to say, I am way more careful today in-part due to this mishap (and hours of setting up a new dev system!) I, for one, am growing tired of the entire "Libre + something" nomenclature. ;-P So, all that in-line javascript on my website suddenly is "proprietary" even though it's usually just a few lines? (as a consequence, my entire site won't work for users with this enabled) I originally had "per-say" instead of the correct "per se" I could argue, however, that in this particular case, it's the user's fault for failing to understand the full and defined behavior of fork() in addition to failing to understand the full and defined behavior of other functions, ...say, kill(). It's just as wrong to feed kill() -1 as it would be to feed it -48585 or "babdkd" (unless that is explicitly your intention). A simple sanity check of if [ "${pid} > "0" ]; is all that's necessary to protect against this behavior. So, I would argue, the fault lays on the users, not the creator, for not understanding the API when all materials necessary to understand said API are freely available. (with that said, I think it's safe to say, we've all been bitten by not fully understanding some function before) ? not at all -- you make the deletion of the directory dependent on whether or not you tested true for the directory being present. I don't see why this would cause any race condition... > not through choosing -48585 as the code for killing everything) Actually, only -1 is the code that "kills everything" > There'd be far fewer bugs if everyone knew exactly how everything else works. Perhaps I misinterpreted your meaning, because you seem to be advocating using programming and scripting languages without actually bothering to learn them. Of course this can, will and does lead to very bad effects. The bottom line is, if you are going to use a function in your program/script -- please, read the docs and understand what is will return at the very least . "IS", aka Islamic State, does not necessarily mean "Extremist" (and for the record, "IS" is not a synonym for "ISIS") And radical Christian groups in the US aren't? In the UK -- simply linking-to, reporting, or even viewing of this material is considered illegal under anti-terrorism laws... (I can understand if it's distasteful, or socially frowned upon... but illegal to view a video? come-on...) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_state Not so much. You are using the definition from an article geared towards ousting extremists -- and therefore their definition is "extreme". An IS can very much-so be a legitimate non-extreme government. (albeit, different from what most of us would prefer as a government) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_state Well, there seems to be an unfortunate naming collision then, because Islamic State was already reserved for a type of government: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_state I don't think anyone really takes issue with Twitter pulling down content -- they are a private company (as-in not controlled by the govt) -- but when a government starts censoring material (like in the UK were linking-to, or even viewing of this sort of material is considered illegal), that's where things get not-OK. What I find more outrageous was that the reporter apparently was held captive for 2 years... without anyone (in the public) knowing. Bergdahl was held captive for 5 years and luckily was returned in a controversial exchange. What is going on that we are not able to protect and/or recover our people? Seems to send a clear message that if you get captured by an extremists group like ISIS, the government won't come running in to save you, nor will the public even know you are missing -- fore the government doesn't want to stir public opinion into favoring some sort of military action. So, in essence -- you are all alone out there, potentially for years, or worse. -- That is outrageous to me. Wow, didn't know that actually. My question would be -- why are people allowing them to call themselves "Islamic State" then? Why not just go on calling them ISIS or something that does not de-legitimize already existing and legitimate governments? I mean, people in this thread are already starting to jump on the band-wagon and label all "Islamic States" as extremists... when that is not the case. > Terrorist forces who recruit out of a near-global pool of 1 billion muslims, who effectively have presence everywhere Just want us to be careful here -- you don't have to be a Muslim to be a terrorist -- and not all terrorist's are Muslims. I disagree. The people making the videos are not in the US or UK. Furthermore, the people making the video are already breaking US and UK laws -- murder. The simple act of making a video (of some kind), posting it, linking to it, nor viewing it are illegal in themselves. However, if the government of the US or UK deem the video content to be "extremist" content, now it becomes illegal to link-to, or view the video? That seems bad to me (censorship). (again, murder is already illegal). Where does it draw the line? What about extremist videos that don't include murder but talk poorly about the US and UK governments and people? Will be deem those to be illegal to view too? Police can already arrest the people making the videos (if they were in the UK or US) without having to make it a crime to simply view the video. I don't buy the argument that these videos are propaganda to recruit -- they are there to stir fear and incite the idea that no one will save you if you are captured. The goal of the videos are to bend the public opinion. The video will only sicken the majority of US and UK citizens -- which will in turn demand direct military action. This is, what both administrations (US and UK) have been trying to avoid recently as both have campaigned in large to avoid any direct use of the military (aka, boots-on-the-ground). It would be bad, politically, to then renege on that and send troops in. Seriously guy -- why even bother surfing the internet? I mean -- the websites you are visiting are bound to be using non-free proprietary software. At least a few of them. Actually -- the routers your packets travel through are using proprietary non-free software! The BIOS that boots your PC is non-free and proprietary! Just throw your computer out -- that is the only sure way to stop using non-free software. (actually, don't throw it out -- just mail it to me ;) > I was wasting a bunch of time learning CoreOS I'm pretty sure CoreOS and Docker are different solutions to different problems. So... one is not really inter-changeable with another, and thus you were not "wasting" your time. So, perhaps you didn't understand the problem you were trying to solve? Docker is about application environment isolation/portability (not! virtualization! -- there is no security provided here), where CoreOS is about scaling and HA. Docker != Jails (not in any way, shape, nor form). Please stop trying to make Docker into everything it's not. CoreOS seems to do what you are asking. Well, simplifying here, but Docker is more-or-less a fancy wrapper for LXC. FreeBSD Jails do a lot more than just make applications portable -- they provide security and isolation between applications (like a super chroot). Jails can be used to safely provide application hosting for various clients while Docker should only be used for your applications (jails prevent clients from messing with the host system nor each other, while Docker applications can, making it not secure for a multiple-client hosted system -- but then again, it was not designed to do that). So, no, it's not reasonable to want to "port" Docker to anything since Docker is it's own thing. It would be more reasonable to port docker to FreeBSD (it it weren't already) than to say to "port" it to a Jail, or request it operate like a Jail (unless you got those features into LXC first, which LXC isn't, and therefore it wont). ~ A better (but admittedly over-simplified) comparison would be Jails are closer to application virtualization and Docker is closer to application portability. Very different problems they are solving. > I don't think you are understanding what docker is doing. Seems like you actually are not understanding what docker is doing. Docker (and LXC for the matter) aren't about security -- they are about portability of the application and environment. Everything else is tertiary. > It's really a matter of someone taking the time to write the driver for it. It's a bit more complicated than that -- the two are different beasts with different goals. > Docker also provides an image format and infrastructure for helping to make applications portable. This is the main goal of Docker -- making applications and their environment portable. > Docker interfaces with the kernel to provide security and isolation via cgroups and namespaces Neither Cgroups nor Namspaces provide security in the same sense as a virtual machine or virtualized app (jails). Cgroups are about resources allocated from the host, and namespaces are about process isolation... but neither prevent different containers from interacting with each other nor the host. This is the security aspect - which Docker (and LXC) were not designed to provide. The problem they solve does not require it. Use the right tool for the right job. If you are going to host a bunch of applications for different people -- go with virtualization, either via a hypervisor or jail. If you are going to deploy applications in an enterprise environment and need it to be consistent always, across all distros and version -- go with LXC/docker. I get the PR angle... But over-representing Docker is doing more harm than good. People are reading things like "We would like to add feature X" or "Implementing feature X is on the roadmap", but interpreting it as "Docker does all these things right now". Soon people will be talking about how Docker makes pizza too. Can Docker be secure? Sure -- is it? No. you can bundle the jre into your executable to remove all foreign deps is this really live? I mean -- hardly see him pause for thought or anything. Interesting to see he just uses plain 'ol Eclipse (Eclipse FTW!). i like his games -- been playing minecraft off-and-on with some friends for years -- but I have to admit, most of his games look very similar. the thing he's working on now looks like it could have been made from in minecraft. Use Craftbukkit or MineForge and you can just add things like new overlays and ui's... bam! new game.