I haven't used it yet, but intrigued by your comment I did a bit of research, and here's the gist of what I have understood: the company behind Silver is RemObjects, and they offer a cross-platform compiler suite called Elements, which supports three languages: C#, Oxygene (their own creation, apparently heavily influenced by Object Pascal) and now Silver, which is Swift with "a few features" added to bring it in line with the other two languages. They're trying to downplay the additions for obvious reasons, but they sound pretty hefty to me: Exception Handling, Partial/Static Classes, External/Inline Functions, Events etc. Imagine what Rob Pike would say if someone came along and added all that to Go ;) (see https://docs.elementscompiler.com/ and https://docs.elementscompiler.com/Silver/LanguageExtensions/ for details). That being said, the compiler (and IDE for Mac) are freely available, so you can try it out. RemObjects have been around for a while and I was pleased with their products back in the day when I was developing in Delphi, so I'm sure Elements is a solid product as well, just maybe not what you are expecting... "The 3.5mm headphone jack is one of the elder statesmen of the personal tech world, having become ubiquitous with the rise of mp3 players, smartphones, and other mobile devices" - maybe the author is too young to remember that, but I think the "mobile device" that really helped make the 3.5mm headphone jack ubiquitous was the Sony Walkman back in the eighties. "The 2016 StackOverflow Survey puts PHP developers as the least paid" - which is very unfair. I think PHP developers should actually get paid more as compensation for having to put up with PHP on a day-to-day basis, but that's just me unfortunately... That car may be 100 years old, but the last German three-axle cars were build in 1959 ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umbau-Wagen_(DB)#Dreiachsige_U... ), and some of them were still in use in 2014 ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Datei:Umbauwagen_der_DB_Bahnba... ) The problem I see with "little girl feeds a couple of crows" is that the "couple of crows" will inevitably grow to a larger number... So, a plug-in hybrid will be lugging around a gas engine and (probably full) gas tank which it won't be needing for 90% of all trips. Am I the only one who thinks this is terribly inefficient? bendmebackmeanywayyouwantme? That rang a bell... but according to http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/garbage/ithinkimparanoid.html it should actually be bendmebreakmeanywayyouneedme ;) They talk the Apple talk, but can they walk the Apple walk? ;) I think that's just the explanation of the name, not necessarily a rule how to pronounce it. As for pronounciation, let's compare: "see-you-are-el" vs. "curl". I think I'll stick with "curl" ;) I noted it - thanks for the background info on the company! I also assume that either they are not able to maintain the software themselves, or they have lost the source code, but it might also be that setting up the toolchain to compile such an old piece of software is more effort than just patching the binary. Just a small information that's missing from the discussion: I'm sure this decision doesn't have anything to do with Microsoft (a major taxpayer) moving its German offices from the suburbs (Unterschleißheim) to Munich proper in 2016 ( https://mspoweruser.com/microsoft-germany-moves-into-a-new-h... )... I can certainly see the difference between low- and hi-DPI, but thanks to subpixel rendering (which unfortunately is going out of style because of hi-DPI displays), it doesn't really bother me - call me old-fashioned, but I'm more bothered by the waste of pixels. 2560x1440 is a pretty good resolution for a monitor, and nowadays it's crammed into the 5" display of a phone, just so that it looks pretty. Ok, unless you use it for VR, then even more DPI would be nice... Actually the influence of the Pascal family and that of the C family are about equally significant, if you go by the chart from the "Go Programming Language" book (available in the free preview, page xiii https://www.amazon.com/Programming-Language-Addison-Wesley-P... ). Most significant is probably the module system, which, in good Turbo Pascal tradition, allows Go to run loops around other C-family languages (looking at you Rust ;) ), and of course the declaration syntax ("i int" instead of "int i"). Since I first came across Go I've been thinking that a Go-based Delphi clone would be really amazing. Maybe someone could breathe some new life into the Lazarus IDE by adding support for Go? Hmmm, actually there already is something: https://github.com/ying32/govcl - probably worth keeping an eye on... As far as I know, most airlines are seeing the 737-MAX 8 and its predecessor, the 737-800, as interchangeable (or they did until yesterday), so I doubt they will be able to say with certainty which aircraft type will operate a given flight... Dithering a photo (which probably was a JPEG) so it looks like a GIF and then saving it as PNG may be a good way to make it look "low-tech", but I somehow doubt that it's really the most efficient way to serve images to your users? "The project provided an excuse to make use of a Vortex Core 47-key keyboard, which together with a mini white HDMI monitor, provided a particularly compact and suitably futuristic feeling setup." I think the word he's looking for is "retrofuturistic" ;) I guess the author wanted the code to also look friendly to people who are not that familiar with Python - everybody understands a switch, while what you are describing would probably puzzle some people... well, yes, exactly, MCAS was supposed to compensate for these differences, to make sure that the flight characteristics are close enough to not require additional training. But tragically, what was supposed to be part of the solution turned out to be part of the problem... My thoughts exactly! I imagine there is some kind of migration from every language to every other language, e.g. at least some developers migrating from any major web backend language (Java, PHP, Ruby, Node.js etc.) to Go. It would be far more interesting to have also a quantitative information, like in this graph: https://qz.com/192440/where-everyone-in-the-world-is-migrati... But for that you would of course need actual data... Ah, ok, "introduction" as in "Introduction to Fuchsia OS". Which is interesting too, but I initially thought that Google is actually introducing Fuchsia OS now, i.e. presenting plans to replace Android with it. Wishful thinking ;) Well, one of the theories is that pesticides weaken bees and make them more vulnerable to varroa mites and other parasites, diseases etc. (the "potential immune-suppressing stress" in your quote). Aside from that - is there really a way to express neural connections in the brain in terms of bits and bytes? Having lots of options to write things optimizes the happiness of the developer writing the code, but reduces the happiness of the developer reading the code (which might be the same developer, a few months later). That's one of the things Go got right IMHO (although some people hate it, because they feel constrained if they're not able to write code in some "clever" way). Sadly, it looks like those millions of man hours of incremental safety refinement also created a false sense of security. That (and management overriding engineering concerns) are the only explanations I have for how MCAS was implemented: because it had to be able to correct the pitch-up tendency of the 737 MAX and stay "invisible", so additional training could be avoided, Boeing apparently chose to use only one AOA sensor as "single source of truth" - because using both would have increased the chance of the system having to deactivate itself, which would probably have made the FAA mandate the additional training that Boeing wanted to avoid. This is just my personal theory however... I assume you mean the Ram Air Turbine ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ram_air_turbine )? This is actually what any other mode of transportation that uses a schedule has to do: if you have a schedule, you have to take some precautions to ensure you can keep to the schedule most of the time, otherwise you can forget about the schedule. Here in Germany, this is very obvious for bus lines on streets that are usually very busy - they have so much "padding" in their schedule that on less busy days the buses have to travel at 30 km/h instead of 50 km/h to avoid running ahead of schedule. Well, at least under Windows (and MacOS) you are still able to distribute your application using an installer which users can download from your own site, rather than being forced to use a centralized "app store". And policies like these are making this more difficult. However they won't stop shady sites which "re-bundle" open source applications and add spyware - those will have no problem getting an HTTPS certificate. all of them? at once? (sorry if this comment is not constructive, I just wanted to highlight the hyperbole in the title) "you could try the monastic approach, ditching the city for a gig as a caretaker at an isolated hotel" - you can read "The Shining" to see how that may turn out... The thing that fascinates me about Spotify and other streaming services is that the people who weren't willing to fork out 15$ for a CD in the past are now willing to pay 10$ every month for... pretty much nothing at all, if you think about it?! To understand that, you have to take a closer look at its origins. For me, this talk by Rasmus Lerdorf (creator of PHP) was a real eye-opener: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvEGwtgLtjA He mentions that what we now refer to as the "PHP language" was originally intended to be only the templating system, and you were supposed to write your business logic in a "real language" such as C. However, as PHP got more popular, bits and pieces were added until the "templating system" became a full-fledged language. Sounds like this happened more by chance than by design. And because you can't throw all of that out, it shows until today. You can introduce new features, but doing that in a way that stays (more or less) backwards compatible is difficult and forces compromises - see type declarations, which are actually just type hinting and of very limited use. So sure, PHP is wildly popular because of its "first mover" status, so it will probably stay with us for the foreseeable future, and working in it may have become more pleasant over the years thanks to better tooling, but it will unfortunately never be as pleasant as in other, more well-designed languages. Yes, it sounds crazy, and it really is: how on earth can someone spin an uncontained failure like Chernobyl into a story about how "inherently safe" nuclear energy is?! It "only" killed 200 people (probably according to nuclear-friendly researchers, although no sources are quoted) so it must be safe! My thoughts exactly! It's important to have a community and to work with it, but, especially for a programming language, there has to be a clear concept of which features should be implemented and which not - just accepting community contributions for the sake of making the community feel good would be the wrong way. Otherwise you end up with a feature monster like innumerable other programming languages, and that's exactly what Go doesn't want to be. But he's trying to be nicer, so cut him some slack :) Well, yes, but maybe the failure was more due to not many users being willing to accept that much vendor lock-in, rather than issues with Amazon's Android version? Unfortunately, it looks like the US are exporting this "proud ignorance" - see the recent victory of Jair Bolsonaro, who has been dubbed the "Brazilian Trump" because of his similar views on gun control, the environment ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jair_Bolsonaro#Environmental_p... ) and general firmly populist right-wing attitude. Maybe India, China and others will be able to offset the increased rate of deforestation in Brazil, but still, a planted forest is not the same as an untouched tropical rainforest... Well, yes, but India and China are less-developed countries too. I know all developing countries can say "you cut down your forests centuries ago, why can't we do the same thing now?", but at least some are trying to develop without making the same mistakes... AFAIK the technical reason for light on black was the refresh rate of early monitors: it's much easier on the eyes to have flickering text on a solid dark background than dark text on a flickering light background. That became less of the problem with better CRTs, but only disappeared completely when LCD screens took over. Good observation, but I wonder how many drivers actually do that? Increase tire pressure when they are planning to travel with a higher load? I'm guessing under 5%, the others will just accept the higher tire wear and fuel consumption, or, more likely, be completely oblivious about it... I'm frankly surprised they should be surprised about this - wanting to talk to a hospital about their issues with resistant germs is like asking a restaurant about the roaches in their kitchen... That's clear, however the consequences are the same: if word gets out that a certain hospital has these issues, people will avoid it, same as a restaurant with severe hygiene issues. So the tendency to keep this topic on the down low is understandable, even if I personally don't agree with it either... Of course there are far more freight vessels than cruise vessels, but I can imagine several valid reasons for targeting cruise vessels: - cruise ships are marketed as luxury, and also have much higher profit margins than the shipping industry, so the argument that they can afford to switch to cleaner technologies is easier to make. - cruise ships also typically dock much closer to cities than other ships. You probably won't see a large oil tanker sailing up a Norwegian fjord or through Venice's Giudecca Canal. So we are turning the CO2 back into (expensive) fuel, which can be burnt again and the CO2 released? But you're in luck, thanks to global warming the thawing permafrost and the warming oceans will release large quantities of methane (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arctic_methane_emissions ), which is an excellent fuel, and a much more potent greenhouse gas than CO2, so burning it would actually be good for the climate. Good luck with capturing it, however... Yeah, at least "process" (as in manufacturing process) makes sense as a word, "node" is just pure jargon... disclaimer: listening to music using headphones while bike riding, roller-skating or skiing is now strongly discouraged (still acceptable while taking a walk or unglamorously using public transportation however). By the authorities, for the reason of your own physical well-being. In some places, it's even illegal: https://www.quora.com/In-California-is-it-illegal-to-ride-a-... While the portable CD players from Sony were branded "Discman", they later used the "Walkman" brand for a range of featurephones (e.g. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sony_Ericsson_W580i ) explicitly designed as music players. So you could actually say that the _iPhone_ ultimately beat the Walkman... While I understand the point about zebra mussels cleaning up lake Erie, I can't agree with the idea that we should welcome all invasive species. After all, the presence of e.g. feral cats on various islands or foxes in Australia is just another one of the messes humans made, and we should feel as responsible for the damage they do as we feel responsible for pollution. Zebra mussels may be one of the few examples where an invasive species was actually good for the ecosystem, other invasive species just exterminate or squeeze out native species, leading to a loss of biodiversity. Definitely - it's important to keep in mind that from an engineering perspective, the 737 has probably already reached EOL, and Boeing has been considering to develop a replacement for years (Boeing Y1 - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boeing_Yellowstone_Project ), but that was delayed until Airbus forced their hand with the A320 neo, so they decided to offer a (as it now looks) "quick & dirty" upgrade of the 737 to keep it competitive. So upgrading the flight computers was probably out of the question with the given development time. The first question that came to my mind was how much CO2 would be generated by moving this amount of rock (if they theoretically were able to produce it, of course)? I think most negative comments here are a bit harsh. Of course the analogy has its weak points (every analogy has), but what I took away from it is the following: - the DNA is not the Internet, but rather the Code (capital C) that governs everything in the "city": the buildings, the football fans, the FIFA, everything - including not only how they behave, but also how they are created. - CRISPR is not malware, but it's (as the article mentions in passing) a search & replace function that allows you to change the Code, but with the described limitations - the biggest of which is that every "edit" can have any number of unintended consequences. Of course "malware" is maybe a bad word for it, because it contains "mal" (i.e. "bad"), which is contrary to the (hopefully) beneficial effects of CRISPR. But the fact remains that CRISPR is using an exploit to hack the "Code" I mentioned above, with potentially dangerous results, and if you think about it in these terms, "malware" doesn't seem so far-fetched anymore... Hmmm... trying to optimize their Electron app is nice, but how about a real desktop app instead of a heavyweight browser engine masquerading as one? Would be really nice, especially for an app you have to have running in the background the whole time. But the chances for that are slim, I'm afraid... With climate change, we still have to get to the stage where the problem becomes so bad that most people agree to do something about it. The question is if it will still be possible to "fix it" at that point... Thanks for the explanation! The OP's question was the first one that popped into my mind too... LMGTFY: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rendezvous_with_Rama :D Sorry if anyone felt offended, not being a SF expert myself I actually did Google "The Ramans do everything in threes" and wanted to save others the trouble of doing so... While that paper singles out cats, any introduced mammal species (rats, foxes, dogs etc.) on an island with ground-nesting and/or flightless birds is a huge problem... And then they wonder why they have a rat problem... That's still no excuse to indiscriminately kill civilians - unless you deliberately want to increase the support for the terrorists... "This distribution has no default desktop or window manager environment." - goes to prove that "simple" doesn't mean "easy to use"... And changing the name of something while keeping the icon/logo (almost) unchanged only adds to the confusion... Yeah, but the effects can be the same as those of extreme emotional stress, i.e. you start crying... Wow, this is really an interesting read! Now I want Star Trek told from the perspective of the Borg :D While I probably would have disagreed with the OP's tone (I can't see the post anymore because of too many downvotes, guess I'm late to the party), I agree in principle: GitHub could have drastically improved their search function already years ago with some pretty simple ideas (low-hanging fruit and such), no need to throw ML at it... Want to hammer a nail into a wall? Build a robot to do it! If you have lots of spare time, of course... EU or no EU, Britain is a prominent member in the Airbus consortium ( https://www.airbus.com/company/worldwide-presence/uk.html ), and that's unlikely to change despite Brexit. Although I wouldn't put it past Trump to ignore that in order to encourage Brexit, of course... Deciding to enforce crimes would not fix the problem, but move it somewhere else and/or make it less visible - which is what most other cities are doing... I wanted to try this out right away, but stumbled over the fact that I don't know how to use "go get" with Sourcehut, or even if it's supported. Of course it's probably easy to find out, but a "getting started" section wouldn't hurt. The "installation" page only describes the installation of the dependencies... Ok, after I noticed that the URL of the git repo is at the top of the page (somehow I managed to overlook it), I tried "go get git.sr.ht/~eliasnaur/gio", only to find out that wasn't correct, because the project uses a "vanity URL", so apparently I have to use "go get gioui.org/gio" or something like that. My point was that even if it's pretty straightforward for a reasonably experienced Go developer, it doesn't hurt to mention it... Has the anti-Diesel hysteria reached its peak yet? Some food for thought: - gasoline direct injection engines produce much more harmful particulate matter than current diesel engines ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gasoline_direct_injection#Emis... ), plus some carcinogenic gases like benzoapyrene. - a lot of the particulate matter emitted by cars comes from brake and tire wear, which even electric cars have ( https://www.greencarcongress.com/2016/04/20160418-pm10.html ). So blaming it all on Diesel engines is a bit short-sighted... I doubt the author can pinpoint his health issues to the effects of NOx. Particulate matter can also cause asthma attacks for instance. I'm not saying that Diesel cars (and buses, trucks etc.) are not a factor in pollution, but the article is focusing solely on them and describing Seattle as a comparative paradise, which I find pretty laughable. Ok, Seattle probably has better air circulation than London, but I hope you'll agree Diesel engines can't be blamed for that ;) Replacing them with electric cars will only solve part of the problem - see my second point above. The real answer is probably to reduce usage of cars and encourage walking, cycling and using public transportation... I guess you mean the ubiquitous Vespas (and other scooters)? I had the same experience with Barcelona. Yeah, a transition to electric scooters would definitely improve the air quality (and also the level of noise pollution) in many Southern European cities... Maybe I'm too cynical, but I wonder why people are so surprised that Google would prioritise Internet deregulation higher than climate protection? More Internet regulation would directly impact Google's shareholders, climate change not (or not in the immediate future). So... Ok, there was this "don't be evil" thing, but it's been a looong time since anyone at Google has mentioned that... I guess this varies from person to person. Maybe it is a problem if you have trouble sleeping anyway, but as far as I'm concerned, I guess the blue light just keeps me awake as long as I need to finish whatever I'm doing, after that I usually have no trouble at all going to sleep. When using a blue-light-reduced "night mode" however, I find I can barely keep my eyes open... I wonder if that's following a definition of antisemitism which considers any criticism of the Israeli government as antisemitic? According to this article ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2018/sep/04/labour-adop... ): > The most controversial passage in the draft statement proposed by Corbyn said: “It cannot be considered racist to treat Israel like any other state or assess its conduct against the standards of international law. Nor should it be regarded as antisemitic to describe Israel, its policies or the circumstances around its foundation as racist because of their discriminatory impact, or to support another settlement of the Israel-Palestine conflict.” This statement was not approved by Labour's ruling body. It might as well be the acronym for a Latin name, "Universalis Tempus Coordinatus" or something like that... Strangely beautiful, but also scary... makes you wonder what people will come up with once nuclear fusion makes electric energy even cheaper - I guess the amount of light pollution we have today will pale by comparison (no pun intended). I can only agree with this quote: "RTW2 might look [...] perhaps a little too much like the work players hoped to avoid by firing up a video game at the end of a long day" - you'd have a hard time convincing me that an application with so many tabs, list views, select boxes, radiogroups etc. etc. could actually be fun to use. Plus, I wonder if it was a concious design decision to keep the "good old" (shudder) Windows 95/NT 4.0 look or if they simply forgot to include the required manifest for getting the updated look & feel? No idea, but the parent company follows the same strategy - Facebook also nags you obnoxiously to log in on public pages, but it's not a requirement (probably because it would hurt the many "we-were-too-cheap-to-build-a-proper-website-but-here's-our-Facebook-page" businesses too much). Even though the first paragraphs are about JavaScript and C, I already had a hunch that it would turn out to be about Rust in the end :D Well, then we're fucked... because lots of things that are more convenient in the short term (energy-sucking appliances, plastic packaging, industrial agriculture, fossil fuels, you name it) will contribute to destroying the environment in the (not-so-)long term. Interesting point, but what would be the alternative? Are you really suggesting that pilots should be able to switch from e.g. the 737 to the A320 without any kind of additional training? I stumbled over "On the built up to the exercise 3000 residents of Slapton were evacuated so safe guard the secrecy of the mission". Funny that the words ("built up" instead of "buildup", "so" instead of "to") are wrong, but gramatically correct - looks like someone used autocorrect, but didn't pay attention if the suggestions made sense :D But what do you expect from a "channel" (no idea how Medium calls them) called "History of Yesterday" that attributes images to "Wiki"? Plus, while congratulating the winners, it's more tactful to mention the reasons that made you decide in their favour rather than saying "we would have gone to the UK, if not for Brexit". It's not really about beauty, a cat so overweight (judging by its size on the photos, I would say the "normal" weight would be 6 kg / 12 lbs max) is likely to have serious health problems My favorite example of "things that are better left untested" so far is a method that returned a hard-coded array and a test which checked whether the method really did return that hard-coded array. So, if you wanted to add something to that array, you now had to add it in two places. Sure, that's an easy way to increase test coverage, but maybe you should focus on areas where unit testing makes more sense first? The alternative would be to throw away the two extra packages, which would reduce the waste a bit, but would still be absurd if you think about it... Yeah, some colleagues have absolutely no trouble changing any code... and then it starts breaking for some edge cases that they weren't aware of :D Even if it was worth supporting, I guess it's understandable that Apple wouldn't go out of its way to do it... Nowhere in the article do they claim that it's THE factor, just a key factor in combination with "habitat loss, chemical pollution, invasive species, and climate change" (3rd paragraph). Unfortunately, even if you operate these drives continuously from the day you buy them, they will take 3 years, 270 days and 8 hours to fail (as someone else kindly calculated), so a 3-year warranty won't help you in this case... Well, the provenance and the prestige greatly affects the price of a work, that's why people care about it. It's even less understandable with contemporary artists: some are the critics' darlings and their works sell for mind-blowing amounts, while others who are arguably equally talented can't make a living from their art. And it doesn't have to be paintings or sculpture, it's the same for e.g. musicians... A chilling example of this from another field: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2002_%C3%9Cberlingen_mid-air_c... - here also, the air traffic controller who was responsible for the two planes that collided was singled out (and later murdered by the aggrieved father of a victim), but arguably the lax procedures used at Skyguide were also a major factor in the accident. That's one of the disadvantages of a language that's easy to learn: it's also easy to criticise. While some of the concepts of Rust are so complicated that most people don't ask themselves "what were they thinking?", but "I guess they must have had some reason to do it this way, I could read up on Rust to try to find out why" - and never actually get around to doing it... While Swift may be the "latest and greatest" language with official support, if you look at https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs , it's only one of several (the others being C++, Java, JS, Go and of course Python). Plus, there are community-supported bindings for C#, Haskell, Julia, Ruby, Rust and Scala). Just to make the picture complete... Great site! Unfortunately they're limiting themselves to arcade machines. For instance, the font from Lemmings looks great too: http://www.lemmingsuniverse.net/shots/images/amigashot03.png I wasn't talking about the book, but about the site CmdrKrool mentioned. >Animals in places with a long history of disturbances are relatively resilient, the researchers found. Figures... the species that were less resilient are probably already gone, so the remaining ones are the resilient ones. And, as the article writes, the forests in regions with a long history of undisturbed forests (Java, Brazil) contain species that will not leave the twilight of the forest canopy, so I doubt a wildlife crossing would benefit them. Apparently even birds that could easily fly from one "segment" to the next will not do it because they shy away from the open areas. There's also one in Munich, starting at the Deutsches Museum and ending at the Zoo (~ 5 km): https://www.deutsches-museum.de/en/exhibitions/natural-scien... Am I the only one who was initially confused by "Must Not"? As a non-native speaker, my logic was probably something along the lines of "Must Not" => "Not a must" => "You don't have to, but you can" - which of course is not what it means... It might make it easier to bring someone up to speed for your project, but he won't learn a damn thing about building other Go projects - I guess that's one of the arguments that the opponents of make, er, make... The thing Pascal-family languages have going for them (and I'm including Go here, because there is a lot of Pascal-family influence in Go, although it's not immediately obvious) is first and foremost the way they resolve dependencies. A detailed explanation of this can be found in the talk "Go at Google" ( https://talks.golang.org/2012/splash.article#TOC_5. ). I'm not sure about Rust, but maybe while trying to ensure a high degree of interoperability with C/C++ they also "inherited" some of their dependency management issues? Sorry for offending you by mentioning Go, I was referring to the two parent comments who mentioned it. I'm not a good judge of language complexity (are you?), but honestly I don't think that the Go compiler is much less complex than Delphi's - the "Delphi language" hasn't evolved much in 20 years (which is not necessarily a bad thing!). Ok, they now have cough generics, and - yay! - closures, but that's about it... For me, it depends: having to hear music from other people drives me crazy, but as long as it's my own music (over headphones of course), it really helps me concentrate. For people who can't listen to music: how about noise generators (e.g. https://mynoise.net/ ) to drown out ambient noise? "Jurassic Park" anyone? Ok, this particular dinosaur wouldn't be particularly awe-inspiring, but still... :) Ok, what's really insane is that this tool that does insane things if you accidentally use spaces instead of tabs is still the standard tool used to build software all over the world... Fortunately (at least where I'm living) automatic headlights are already more widespread than the fancy "matrix-lighting" headlights, for the simple reason that a light sensor on the windshield is cheaper than two state-of-the-art headlights. But, I confess, if anybody would move the switch from "Auto" to "Off" on my car, I might join the people driving without lights for some time before I would notice it... Adding to that, it's important to keep in mind that goroutines are not OS threads but coroutines, which are more lightweight. Providing a "go" function that starts a thread may be a footgun if someone assumes that it can be used as extensively as it is possible in Go. Well, as long as Hugo remains a static site generator, it won't be able to support these features "out of the box". E.g. comments are simply not possible just with HTML + JS, so you'll either have to integrate a third-party service (Disqus, Staticman etc.), or move away from the "static site" concept. ...stray tools forgotten in the airplane after assembly, metal shavings close to cables... yeah, I read those articles too. However, the fact that the Iranian authorities already concluded that the cause was "engine failure for technical reasons" seems a bit suspicious. Wasn't that dark energy in yesterday's article? > The likelihood is slim of ever getting a lottery permit to hike the super-popular Wave This makes me feel even more lucky that we entered this lottery (the "remote" version) around 10 years ago and won two permits. Looks like the popularity hasn't decreased much since? We had to adapt our travel plans a lot to be there on the date we got assigned, but it was worth it - although I guess the Wave is a bit over-hyped because of the perceived "exclusivity" and other areas are just as beautiful (albeit sometimes even harder to reach). We had actually considered Buckskin Gulch as an alternative for having to participate in the "on-premise" lottery and not getting permits. Of course, some states have more to offer than others, and choices like these are often subjective (also, it looks like they preferred less-known and less-overrun locations), but I think pointing out that there is also some beautiful scenery in the less touristic states also has some merit... It seems to have some memory safety features: https://www.beeflang.org/docs/language-guide/safety/ > Leaks can be detected in realtime with the debug memory manager. Reachable memory will be continuously traced at runtime and memory which is no longer reachable but has not been properly freed will be immediately reported as a leak... Sounds like it doesn't have a Garbage Collector, but a "Garbage Detector" that's only active for debug builds? > The lowest airfield in North America, for the record, is Furnace Creek Airport, Death Valley at minus 210 feet below sea level. So, then I guess it's 210 ft _above_ sea level? (SCNR) @gorgoiler: that's a "classical" pumped storage facility, not the concrete (or stone) piston version proposed here. According to this press release https://www.stawm.de/energie/strom/speicherung.html , in April last year they were hoping to be able to start building the Weilheim prototype by December. The seal technology was undergoing trials near the Baltic Sea (translating from the press release). While this sounds interesting, building the "cylinder" and the "piston" to fit exactly at the huge dimensions they are envisioning, and getting the seal to work at these dimensions and in the long term sounds like a pretty big challenge... "designed by clowns who were supervised by monkeys", to be exact. And, with hindsight, this assessment turns out to be tragically spot on - if you commit (or approve) the gross negligence of implementing a system which can command a nosedive based on data from only one sensor, you deserve to be called a clown or a monkey... Considering other quotes, like this one: "For example, maybe my worst programming habit is declaring temporary variables like i, j and k as members of each class, so that I didn’t have to declare them inside functions (which is annoying to do in flash for boring reasons). This led to some nasty and difficult to track down bugs, to say the least." I wish those people the best of luck :) On the other hand, Boeing was also under pressure from other customers ( https://www.reuters.com/article/us-boeing-airplane-southwest... ) who wanted to avoid simulator training for their pilots. Which doesn't excuse them of course, but I think it's important to see the whole picture... Well, that depends on whether you consider the kitchen (which in that floor plan is an annex of the dining room) and bathroom (which, as the article mentions, was added later in older houses) as "rooms". In Germany, these are usually not counted as rooms, hence acronyms such as "2ZKB" (2 Zimmer, Küche, Bad -> 2 rooms, kitchen, bathroom) for apartments. If you're really using DejaVu Sans, that's a proportional font, so the difference to a "mono" font will be pretty big, especially for the usually narrow letters (i, j, l...) which have to be "padded" in mono fonts to avoid looking unbalanced (and, for coding, to make them easier to distinguish). Of course, if the other letters are as geometrically clean as in this font, the "i" will look a bit out of place. But actually in DejaVu Sans _Mono_ ( https://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/dejavu-sans-mono ), the "i" looks pretty similar. Yeah, changing the font if you had specifically configured it before would have caused some angry reactions I imagine... Or it might be a sign for other employees (typically the ones the company would actually like to keep) to start looking for other, safer, jobs. Layoffs are always bad for morale... The usual hype cycle... Nintendo coming up with a new motion-controlled console? Of course Microsoft and Sony have to do that too. Some guy launching a Kickstarter project for a VR headset using a highres screen originally intended for smartphones? Suddenly everyone and their dog is building VR headsets. 3D movies moderately successful in cinemas? Suddenly every TV maker is selling "3D-enabled" TVs. Etc. etc. etc. Well, at least that's a plus for non-compiled languages (PHP, JS etc.): even if everything else fails, you still have the code on the server. But I guess the bigger problem here is the missing config - as long as you still have the binary of the application, you should be able to restart it. From the perspective of someone who has been in Garmisch two weeks ago: it's not as bad as the article makes it sound. Garmisch is at an altitude of 700 m (2300 ft), but most of the ski area is much higher (in the snow-covered mountains that can be seen in the background of the first photo). Being able to ski all the way down to the ski resort is a luxury, not a necessity, and only those slopes need snow cannons. Plus, there is also the ski area near the Zugspitze, which starts at 2000 m height. I'm not a climate change denier, far from it, but it will take some more decades until skiing in the Alps will die out completely... For others who can't quite picture 3 billion acres, that's around 12 million square kilometers (USA - 9.8 million km², Russia - 17.1 million km²) One of the many questions the article leaves open is what (if any) fruit called "berries" are actually berries? I did some quick research, and apparently cranberries, blueberries, lingonberries and huckleberries are also "botanical berries" ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berry#Botanical_definition )... Of course Twitter is irresistible to the media - they don't need to search lengthy interviews and other texts for quotes that sound bad when taken out of context anymore, now they get the quotes pre-sharpened to a dangerous point and delivered to their doorstep... TBH, the 280-character limit (and of course, the attention economy) doesn't really encourage deep and balanced discourse... This goes to show that sometimes it really pays to read the docs: the doc comment of "fill" says "For char types filling contiguous areas of memory, this becomes an inline call to @c memset or @c wmemset"... Yes, _commercial_ C (an Java) IDEs are extremely powerful, but it's a bit unfair to compare them to _open source_ Go IDEs/editors. From what I heard, the only commercial Go IDE available so far (GoLand) is extremely powerful too... Well, using apt is one of the standard ways of installing/updating software on Linux, so most advanced Linux users should be familiar with that. But I'm sure you can also use a graphical package manager to do the same thing. "Rustup" on the other hand is a customized rust-specific tool, so of course it's easier to use (once Rust is installed) AFAIK the position expressed in the Go FAQ ( https://golang.org/doc/faq#generics ) has always been the official position on generics: "Generics are convenient but they come at a cost in complexity in the type system and run-time. We haven't yet found a design that gives value proportionate to the complexity, although we continue to think about it." There's nothing passive-aggressive about that - most proponents of generics only see the advantages (i.e. more expressiveness), but fail to see the downsides. If you're talking about Go, they have an official specification ( https://golang.org/ref/spec ), which is probably what you mean when you write "standard", and the two official implementations (the Go compiler and the GCC-Go compiler) are based on this spec. Which is more than other up-and-coming languages (which I won't name right now) have to offer ;) > We can use any and all power sources that are clean. I completely agree with you on that. Of course, the disagreement hinges on whether you can consider nuclear power "clean"... See also: https://feld.com/archives/2019/10/the-miasma.html I used ModPlug Player ( https://www.modplug.com/ ), the predecessor of OpenMPT, years ago. I was pretty pleased with it back then, although the alternatives mentioned by the others may be more modern/better nowadays (wow, the latest version of ModPlug Player is from 2002!). I still have an archive of MOD files somewhere in the depths of my hard disk, maybe I should try to find them and indulge in some nostalgia... Well yeah, the samples in the MOD files are uncompressed (or losslessly compressed, no idea), so if you have a lot of different samples, I can imagine you might end up with something bigger than an MP3 file. I guess none of those were modules initially composed on an Amiga though ;) > Go is network-app specific Just because it is used most for "network apps" doesn't mean it's limited to that. On the other hand, you could argue that Rust is a wrong fit for anything _except_ performance-critical applications, because for anything else it's not worth to saddle yourself with the added complexity. > and Rust very broad --a true general purpose prog lang-- it is easy to see how Go mature so quickly (not much to mature) and also why it got a bit old so quickly as well This simplicity is the thing Go opponents like to point out (or mock) most, and what Go fans actually would tell you is one of the best features of the language. It's actually refreshing to have one language that doesn't try to be everyone's darling by implementing every conceivable feature - we already have enough of those, Rust, C++, Java etc. etc. But you don't have to take my word for it, you can also read the first sentences from this blog post: https://bradfitz.com/2020/01/30/joining-tailscale - he puts it better than I could... When seen from the inside, it's a community. When seen from the outside, it might look to some like a conspiracy... Interesting trivia on the name (from Wikipedia): > Some English speakers use the word "babushka" [бaбушка] (the word for 'grandma' in Russian) to indicate a headscarf tied below the chin, as still commonly worn in rural parts of Europe. However the author should be aware that most people would interpret "bab(a|u)shka" as "grandma" and not as a scarf. Which works too, I guess. Personally, I always think of a https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matryoshka_doll (which is also sometimes called babushka) when I see this word... One quote that stuck with me is "On reaching the 500 km/h mark, the camera controlling the pantograph condition already shows a continuous electric arc" - you can imagine that under these conditions the wire will wear down much faster than with "only" 350 km/h. So, before reaching a physical limitation, you already reach an economic limitation... The Go designers went the other way (as they often do): > When iterating over a map with a range loop, the iteration order is not specified and is not guaranteed to be the same from one iteration to the next. Actually it is not only "not guaranteed to be the same", the runtime actively makes sure that the iteration order is actually different so you don't even start to rely on it... Also left-handed - and I also hate fountain pens, but for another reason: as a left hander you move your hand over the fresh line you are writing, so the text ends up smudged with a fountain pen. Ball-point pens work better (mostly), and I refuse to contort my hand or write at strange angles to avoid this, that's a recipe for trouble. Fortunately I don't have to write a lot by hand anymore... > A moon landing in 2024 would mean a triumph during the last year of President Trump's second term, if he gets reelected in November. Yeah, sounds just like Trump to rush this program (and endanger lives while doing it) just so he can bask in its (hopeful) success... ...which is about the commercial cruise speed of a Boeing 747 (570 mph), so your naive math may be pretty close ;) One more: the classical tube fuselage is much cheaper/easier/more efficient to build, because it consists largely of identical segments. Plus it's much easier to build shortened/lengthened versions of an existing airplane. Let me quote from the Wikipedia article https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lockheed_Constellation : > One of the reasons for the elegant appearance of the aircraft was the fuselage shape, a continuously variable profile with no two bulkheads the same shape. This construction was expensive and was replaced by mostly tube-shaped modern airliners. The tube is more resistant to pressurization changes and cheaper to build. With blended wing bodies, you would again need a continuously variable profile for the whole fuselage (rather than only the wing, as in modern "tube-and-wing" planes). To build a larger or smaller variant, you would have to redesign the whole fuselage, rather than just adding/removing a few tube segments. So, even with updated tools, there will still be a lot of challenges... Small nitpick: in a statically typed language, you don't have "type annotations", since an annotation is usually optional. If you're talking about a function declaration, I think it's called a parameter declaration? Here's an overview of Pascal implementations for Amiga: http://fpcamigawiki.alb42.de/index.php?title=Workshop:Amiga,... (however I think when they wrote "development seized", they actually meant "ceased" ;) ) I think the hatred wasn't directed at ribbons specifically, but at the tendency of (not only) Microsoft to overhaul the UI of their applications with every major release. Maybe that didn't happen as often with the Office applications (which increased the backlash when it did happen), but with the apps bundled with Windows (e.g. Explorer - not IE, the file manager), you had to find your way again with every new Windows version. That's one of the reasons why under Windows I still use good ol' Total Commander and don't bother with Explorer at all. What Microsoft (and Google, and Apple) don't understand is that for most people, applications are just a tool to get a job done. They don't want the latest and greatest UI, but they get annoyed if they have to re-learn how to do the things they want to do. It's as if the controls on your car would be rearranged every time you got it back from inspection... True, but if you look at an entire country like Germany, only about 10% of the turbines will be in an area where the wind is too strong as the storm passes through, the others will still produce... Full quote: > Con: The Fuchsia Platform Source Tree has had negative implementation experience using Go. The system components the Fuchsia project has built in Go have used more memory and kernel resources than their counterparts (or replacements) the Fuchsia project has built using C++ or Rust. I wonder if they had other negative experiences beside the higher resource usage? Because it's hardly surprising that a garbage-collected language should have higher resource usage than C++/Rust. They could have still supported it for app development however - but it seems they took a "there can only be one" approach and went for Dart instead. Interesting! Async-await is mentioned as a "pro" for Dart and Rust ("Asynchronous programs can be written using straight-line code"). Seems they really like async-await, and they had more success getting Rust to support it than they had with Go - which might have led to some Google-internal strife? I had to actually google "Visual Basic Editor" to find out why it was a thing people are still using in this century, and found out that it's the editor for VBA macros in MS-Office applications. So "Visual Basic Editor" is a bit of a misnomer... "I took the above code and put it in an easy to use library" ... [but] "I do not give anyone permissions to use this tool for any purpose. Don't use it." Sounds strange, until you consider that he only added the "license" 2 years later. I wonder how many questions from various people wanting to use the tool for various purposes he received during this time? Maybe I'm also a zealot, but this "second-class citizen by comparison" works pretty well - I've been using Go for some side projects under Windows for years, and was actually surprised how well it worked. I even developed a GUI app some years ago (using GTK). So, if you ask me, the glass is ~90% full, not 10% empty... I don't think this example justifies the expression "incredibly broken assumptions", I would rather call it an "incredible corner case"... I would argue that the phrase "One of Rust's main differentiator[s] is that it provides memory safety" should really be "One of Rust's main differentiators is that it provides memory safety without using a garbage collector". Which is the actual reason for needing (amongst others) ownership rules... "Masks are actually not recommended, but won’t make anything worse" - sounds very short-sighted to me. If a lot of people start buying and wearing masks just because it makes them feel safer, people who might actually need masks (i.e. medical personnel) might have trouble getting them... This article has me scratching my head honestly. "I decided I wanted to become a person who makes soup" - isn't soup one of the easiest things to cook? I'm not really into cooking myself, but even I could throw together one given a recipe and some time. I'm not sure what kind of soup she was thinking about though, if you first need to buy articles worth hundreds of dollars to cook one... > C++, Java, JavaScript, C#, PHP and who knows how many other languages largely copied the operator precedence rules of C Ok, that's understandable for C++, but for all the other languages I really wonder what the reasoning behind this (if any) was - "our language looks similar to C, so we have to copy as many of its warts as possible so C developers feel at home" ? That phrase had me slightly puzzled - I thought chemical formulas were for molecules, i.e. combinations of elements that actually react with each other and form bonds, like H2O or CO2? While a neodymium magnet is actually an alloy of mostly two metals, plus a little bit of boron, but without chemical bonds? Not related to Bornholm at all, but it struck me how the "Map of the North Sea and Baltic Sea, 1914" emphasizes railways (the thick black-and-white lines) over roads (the much thinner dashed lines). Of course, those were the heydays of the railroad, and road travel was still largely by horse-drawn carriage... First, they're not calling on regulators to shut down Google, but to make sure they respect the GDPR (and thus their users' privacy). Second, the regulators didn't intend to make Google illegal, they intended to establish respect and moderation in the processing of users' data. Of course, it's obvious for everyone that the companies doing the massive data gathering are mostly American (Google, Facebook etc.) and that European competitors to these giants could potentially profit from this, but that's just a (very welcome) side-effect... I totally understand that you got bored of it on the PSP - I was a great fan of the original Amiga game, then years later I tried the SNES version, and found it much less enjoyable to play without a mouse... The original Lemmings games really work best with a mouse, which allows pixel-perfect clicking. But I've played some Android games over the years that reminded me of Lemmings, the first two that come to mind are World of Goo and Spirits... The small changes being that instead of saving 80% of the Lemmings you had to save 100%. Or some skills which you had the first time around were missing. But yeah, the original Lemmings fit on 2 Amiga floppy disks (1,76 MB), and they also had to fit in four "Easter Egg" levels with exclusive graphics and music, so they had to do some optimizations... Forget "Men Who Stare At Goats" - now we have "Thugs who Stare At Fountains" :D But jokes aside, this is a really interesting and approachable article! It just suffers a little bit from the writer not being a native speaker. I'm German myself, maybe that's why I notice the German tendency to "concatenate" words (e.g. "surface-topology" or "cloth-simulation") even more when it is (mis)used in English? Just some constructive criticism, in case the author reads this... ...and of course it should be "Mortal Kombat" ;) The "common cold" virus is also a coronavirus, so that makes sense. That would still help in differentiating if you have the flu or Covid-19. I only heard of getting more sensitive to smells in connection with migraine (totally anecdotal evidence)... I guess Taiwan's inherent mistrust of China helped in making the right decisions - while the thoughts of politicians in the West were something along the lines of "China is saying it has things under control, the WHO is saying the same, so there is no need for drastic actions right now - and if it turns out later that we were wrong, we can shift the blame to China and the WHO". On the other hand, there is evidence that some of the patients die due to an excessive response of the immune systen: https://www.vox.com/2020/3/12/21176783/coronavirus-covid-19-... Might be "keep the bowels open"? A very medical greeting, so would be fitting here... One example I came across recently: if you search for "Amiga floppy disk capacity" ( https://www.google.com/search?q=amiga+floppy+disk+capacity ), you get "1.76 MB", which is completely wrong. Of course, the Wikipedia article which Google's algorithm chose to extract this information from doesn't mention the actual capacity of "standard" Amiga floppies (880 KB): "Most Amiga programs were distributed on double-density floppy disks. There are also 3.5-inch high-density floppy disks, which hold up to 1.76 MB of data, but these are uncommon." - so Google picked the first number it found (the "uncommon" one) and ran with it. I'm just wondering which executive thought having this "feature" would be a good idea?! Cool, I wasn't even aware that "A Good Snowman Is Hard To Build" is a Sokoban-style game when I bought the Humble Conquer Covid-19 Bundle ( https://www.humblebundle.com/conquer-covid19-bundle ) a few hours ago (thanks for the opportunity to plug this, normally I don't do this kind of thing, but hey, it's for charity!) - guess this is one of the games I'll install first... See also https://www.webmd.com/heart-disease/heart-failure/qa/what-is... Yeah, this thinking pattern is already well-practiced with climate change: "if we acknowledge there's a problem, doing something about it will hurt us financially, so it's better to simply deny there is a problem in the first place"... Maybe "await debate" would be more fitting then - and it rhymes too, which is always a plus... ...and I'm sure the language features which feel like torture now looked like a good idea at the time they were implemented, decades ago. I'm sure that PCem is a capable emulator, but when it comes to Lemmings or Monkey Island, I'd still rather play them in an Amiga emulator ;) - or, in the case of Monkey Island (I/II), using ScummVM or the "special editions" with updated graphics published some years ago ( https://store.steampowered.com/app/32360/The_Secret_of_Monke... ) Looks cool, just one suggestion about the photos: that effect looks like the dithering of a dot matrix printer and not like a newspaper photo, for that I would go with this kind of effect: https://i.pinimg.com/474x/9d/76/f0/9d76f0c303e7ea8352d10465d... - I think it's called a "screening" effect? Well, all the items in the list are already "heritage" (you can include the demoscene too, which at >20 years old can also be considered "heritage" in our fast-moving field). Generally things which get on these UNESCO lists are those which a country considers to be particularly important/unique/characteristic of the country, and the benefit is attracting attention to them and thus contributing to their continued existence/protection. One random example: there are lots of Roman ruins, but if the 4th-century palace of a Roman emperor is almost continually inhabited and turned into a medieval city, that's pretty unique and worthy of the UNESCO list ( https://whc.unesco.org/en/list/97/ ). The only word I already knew from this list is "beasties" - once again thanks to Lemmings ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2hQxtvncaQ ) - gotta finally visit Scotland to expand my vocabulary :D I wouldn't call it full-blown OCD, but I also sometimes have the tendency of wondering if I have really closed all the windows, turned off the lights, locked the doors etc. etc. when I'm away from home. Maybe I'll start doing this too... Well yeah, if you would pick one technology that even PHP would compare favourably too, it would be Node... my thoughts on Node were always: just because Google built V8, which makes it possible to run JS fast enough to use it in the backend, doesn't mean that you have to do it. Regarding frameworks: of course PHP has an advantage there, because it's a more mature ecosystem. But frameworks written in PHP like Symfony or Laravel tend to forget that they are based on a scripting language (which years of optimization have made very fast for a scripting language, but still), so using their features extensively will slow down your application... There's a lot of truth in this post... however I would add a step to David Megginson's "programming language cycle": 5a. Some of the regular developers resent a new language being forced upon them, so the public opinion on the language becomes more negative. I would say Go is currently already in phase 5a/6, while Rust is still in 3/4 - however I have to add that I think both languages are here to stay, so there's more to them than just the hype... This really got me thinking... of course, what Amazon is doing is bad, I don't want to deny that - OTOH, for a tech company, they are an easy target - for example, Google doesn't have as many low-paid workers, so we don't know if they would treat them more fairly. How about the contractors hired by Facebook to weed out the worst posts by extremists, terrorists and other lunatics so our sensitive eyeballs aren't confronted with them? Is that better because they aren't directly employed by Facebook? Maybe Amazon should divest its warehouses so they're not so much in the public eye anymore? If you start to think about these things, where do you stop? Tax evasion? I guess every tech company is guilty of that, because shareholders expect them to find and exploit every possible loophole. In the end, probably the only companies you can morally work for are non-profits like Mozilla et al. - which is probably easier to do after raking in half a million per year for some years at a less morally sound company... > [...] a fresco — paint on wet plaster instead of on canvas. That meant the work couldn't be moved That's not really true - detaching frescos from walls is a technique practiced since Roman times ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Detachment_of_wall_paintings ). However it's probably expensive and labour-intensive, and in this case I imagine nobody wanted to pay for it... Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #188: "A fool and his money are the best customer". Kudos to Netflix for doing this, but I can entirely understand that they are the exception rather than the rule here. After all, if people don't care about a sum of money they pay monthly without getting anything for it, the only reasonable explanation is that they earn more than enough, so they can probably afford to continue paying it... ...and now that you've seen it, you can't unsee it. About "being more careful with pets and cattle", I have an example that's more literal than you think: In Germany there have been several Covid-19 outbreaks between workers at meat processing plants, which highlight their bad living conditions. One satirical TV show promptly came up with the idea of also having food labels for the living conditions of the workers, besides the labels for the conditions in which the animals are kept... About "messing up the response in elderly care": I wonder what the strategy was there - if you want to protect the elderly, you also have to limit the freedom of movement of the employees that care for them and of the visitors, otherwise one of them will inevitably bring the infection in. But even if you do that, these persons can be infected by the people they live with - where do you draw the line? So I don't think it's about messing up in elderly care, it's more that the whole plan is unrealistic, it's just in elderly care that it shows... Just wanted to write the same thing... after wondering why the phrase about who aided the KGB's disinformation campaign didn't make sense... Ok, let's say that it's more suitable to exploratory programming than other compiled languages? On one hand, yes it's strict about unused variables, but other features (e.g. fast compile times) more than make up for the disadvantages. Erm, I hate to break it to you, but VSCode and Atom are both Electron-based, so they're not exactly light on resources either... If you are going to have a whole browser engine running, I guess it makes sense to at least make a full-blown IDE out of it rather than a simpler editor (or a glorified chat app like Slack) > For instance, Biomex said supply is drying up as the number of cases in Germany falls. Another issue: Only around a third of donations have high enough concentrations of antibodies to be used as a positive control for antibody tests. I'm not sure I understand this: if you are looking at recovered patients, the number can only grow, albeit slower if there are less new cases? Or do the patients have to be very recently recovered? Is the issue with the antibody concentration related to the severity of the disease or to the time since recovery? If the antibody concentration falls so sharply after recovery, that doesn't sound good for long term immunity... No idea why you're being downvoted... I also think that would be one of the most obvious areas where Google could eventually put Fuchsia to use - it would have several advantages: a new OS with a more modern architecture (getting rid of the GPL-licensed Linux kernel, which Google probably sees as an advantage); the possibility to update the kernel independently of the drivers; getting rid of Java and its legal liabilities which Oracle could exploit in the future etc. Yup... too many visitors from Hacker News maybe? Or maybe they somehow angered the Russian hackers? I'm getting a good ol' PHP/MySQL error (EDIT: with credentials in clear text, I removed them): Fatal error: Uncaught exception 'PDOException' with message 'SQLSTATE[HY000] [2002] No such file or directory' in /home/sovietpo/public_html/db.php:17 Stack trace: #0 /home/sovietpo/public_html/db.php(17): PDO->__construct('mysql:host=loca...', '[REDACTED]', '[REDACTED]') #1 /home/sovietpo/public_html/showposter.php(6): include_once('/home/sovietpo/...') #2 {main} thrown in /home/sovietpo/public_html/db.php on line 17 Apparently only the qualifying was in 3D, the actual race was in 2D and there weren't even any curves (at least not visible ones, although it looks like the player had to steer from time to time going by some cues which I wasn't able to make out). The race wasn't really challenging either - the player started last, but was able to overtake all opponents in 30 seconds, same after the pitstop... but maybe the image they found was just a debug build, I guess the game would have gone through some more playtesting and fine-tuning if it had been released. First, it was not "promised" as an apocalypse (for an apocalypse, the death rate would have to be much higher) - the intention behind the restrictions was simply to not overwhelm the medical system, so that everyone that needs treatment should be able to get it. Second, the restrictions are the reason why the situation didn't turn out (even) worse than it did, but some people just fail to see that (or intentionally ignore it)... No, they just treat human life as valuable and tend to err on the side of caution - reducing people to numbers is a slippery slope, because you can prove almost any point with statistics. Then you end up with [Star Trek-style dystopias]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Half_a_Life_(Star_Trek:_The_Ne... ) like euthanising everyone at the age of 60 - after all, society as a whole is better off if you do that... I agree that solar and wind have disadvantages, and they can't be used to cover 100% of the energy demand, but they are available right now, whereas controlled fusion has been "10-30 years away" for the last 60 (?) years. Hey, think positive! If microwaves prove too dangerous, and they finally do manage to build a cable from the orbital power station down to earth, they have a space elevator as well! More verbose than Java? Is that even possible? At least the only lasting definition, anything else is based on geopolitical affiliation and therefore temporary. Of course, the separation of Europe from Asia is also pretty artificial, but at least it's something more or less universally agreed upon... There are also hot springs all over Hungary ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sz%C3%A9chenyi_thermal_bath , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H%C3%A9v%C3%ADz ) and the western part of Romania ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B%C4%83ile_Herculane , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B%C4%83ile_Felix ), hundreds of kilometers (or miles if you prefer) away from any other form of volcanic activity... Except for the case where you have bet your house on your team... How about uranium? ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moab_uranium_mill_tailings_pil... ) A true gem from the "comments on the last episode": > The compile times we see for TiKV aren't so terrible, and are comparable to C++ So if you're already used to the terrible compile times of C++, the compile times of Rust won't seem that bad in comparison. And Mozilla, where Rust started, mostly relies on C++. That does explain a lot... ...or interface{} in Go As far as I'm concerned, if I am going to buy a 4K monitor, I would probably go for a >40 inch one to be able to fit a lot of text on it rather than say a 32-inch Hi-DPI monitor. With subpixel rendering, fonts look good enough for me even on Lo-DPI displays. I'm just afraid that with Hi-DPI becoming more and more common, subpixel rendering will eventually disappear... Yeah, but if you are going to use the same scaling for the UI at 24" as you would at 40", your eyes might start bleeding :) ...my Android smartphone also has the same resolution (actually even slightly higher) as the monitor I'm using to type this, but I wouldn't dream to use the same scaling for both. Well, Go already picks and chooses elements from different languages, e.g. Pascal-style declarations ("x int" instead of "int x") and C-style blocks ("{...}" instead of "begin...end"). So I'm not surprised that when deciding on the syntax for generics they look more at what fits best for Go than at what other languages are doing... "hr" is Croatian, Hungarian would be "hu" (and no doubt it sounds cool too). And yeah, a "necropsy" (synonym for autopsy) definitely sounds cooler than a "dump"... Otherwise: great summary, almost more interesting (and more compact) than the original blog post! I wonder what alternative they would propose? If you want people to be able to use your app, you have to support the most popular app platforms, and if that means signing and agreement with Apple and/or Google, you have to do that. Anything else is "ivory tower" thinking. I'm against the walled gardens of Apple, Google, Amazon etc. too, I'm just saying that if you want to launch an app for which it is especially important that as many people as possible should be able to use it, you have to think pragmatically... I think that's the second point in the list: > A big part of the contact tracing protocol (which was originally the DP3T protocol) is implemented by Apple-Google in a part of the system called GAEN. This part has no available source code although the law requires disclosure of the source code of all components of the system. Since the first point is separate from that, it must be referring to something else?! Purely speculating, but the reason for GAEN being part of Play Services is probably that otherwise it would require an OS update to be installed, which means ~80% of the Android phones being used "out in the wild" would be incompatible (Ok, maybe a bit less in Switzerland). And (even more speculative), the reason for using GAEN instead of DP3T may be battery usage? So you could build a theoretically pure open source implementation, but then nobody would use it because it drains their battery twice as fast as normal... Maybe he should have used "Let's go" instead... Happy to see there are at least some new players introduced to the adventure genre by Thimbleweed Park - I honestly wasn't sure it would be enjoyable without the "nostalgia factor". I can only agree with the other posters: if you enjoyed Thimbleweed Park, you'll probably enjoy the original LucasArts games even more! My personal favourites are Monkey Island 1/2 and the Indiana Jones adventures (Last Crusade & The Fate of Atlantis). As for Thimbleweed Park, I'm sorry to say I never finished it - at some point, it seems to lose focus with lots of locations you can go to, several characters to play and not really a clear sense of what you should do next... I'm pretty sure Apple wouldn't switch the Macs to ARM chips if it wouldn't allow for major performance improvements. Or, if not "absolute" performance, then performance per Watt or price/performance - but if ARM proves to be worse than Intel on "raw performance", they will probably only switch the low-end models and keep e.g. the Mac Pro on x86 for now (or switch it from Intel to AMD, after all Intel is currently struggling to keep up with them). And I'm sure Adobe et al will happily optimize their software for ARM as well... Trust me, in Germany with that income you can either buy an apartment (not a house, at least not in a place where you will find a software developer job nearby) or fly on vacations, but not both... I think it's currently more the right wing rejecting science (climate research, epidemiology etc.) as a tool of the "deep state"... Interesting tidbit: according to the "SEO-friendly" URL, the title should actually be "what-is-gitlab-flow" - I wonder if that was also the original title of the article, before it was changed into something more "clickbaity"? I assume it was only "everyone" inside the airline? Because if I as a potential passenger knew that 30% of pilots in my country were flying with fake licenses, I wouldn't set foot in another plane... I think you misunderstand the situation. From the point of view of the fake pilots, everything was just fine: they were doing a great job, the missing or dubious licenses were just a small formality, and the authorities couldn't force them to do anything... Maybe, if the donor feels like it... I mean, even if dark matter is the theory most likely to be correct, it's not as if further research along that path will yield any kind of monetary "return on investment" in our lifetime, so researching alternative theories is no more or less a waste of money :) Well, you are still free to not use Google and deny them access to your data, there are alternatives to all of their services. With some of the other companies mentioned, this might be trickier... I think it's a bit sad that the article completely fails to mention that Bram Moolenaar originally implemented vim on the Amiga. Actually this might have contributed to its popularity: back in 1991, Amigas were much more widespread than Unix boxes, and around the time Commodore went bust and the Amiga was no more, i imagine lots of developers migrated to then-new Linux rather than to the despised DOS/Windows, and took their preference for vim with them. In this case, I imagine "monetize" actually means "at least earn some money so the people hosting it don't have to cover all the costs from their own pocket"... You can't finish the quiz though - you get stuck on this page: https://www.spacejam.com/cmp/lineup/quiz6.html Should I contact Warner? Yeah, you should only do stuff like this where nobody's living in earshot - which is easier to do in the US than in the Netherlands of course... I'm a bit worried that there will be a challenge to drive there with 90 mph instead of 45 mph, to be able hear the song a full octave higher... Off topic, but if someone uses "gut reaction" and "barf" in the same sentence, I'm tempted to think they really mean it literally... Can a swollen savannah monkey brain drive a car safely on public roads, using nothing but its attached eyes and ears? Yes (most of the time). Can AI do it? Not yet... > One peculiarity of human perception is that large objects in motion appear to be moving more slowly than they really are Rule #1: if you are at a railway crossing and you see a large object in motion coming down the track, then stop and let that large object pass before you try to cross the tracks! Interesting! I have never heard of this particular spice before, although I may have already eaten it at an Indian restaurant. As to the "pungent" part, it's already in the name: > The English name is derived from asa, a latinised form of Persian azā, meaning "resin", and Latin foetidus meaning "smelling, fetid", which refers to its strong sulfurous odour The German names are even less flattering: > Asant (Ferula assa-foetida), auch bekannt als Stinkasant oder Teufelsdreck - "stinking asant" or "devil's dirt"... True, but it was a supersonic airliner, 16 pieces were built and it did have 55 passenger-carrying flights (according to Wikipedia), so if you make a list without further qualifiers as in the article ("second ever"), it's a bit strange to gloss over it completely... Same app, but different reason: resource usage! Completely unacceptable for something you have to have running in the background the whole time... Actually the OP only wrote that the current state of the ecosystem is surprisingly mature, but he doesn't recommend writing anything serious in it yet. Personally I don't see the point to implement a typical web application in Rust - the performance improvements you get will be lost on IO-bound applications, but you'll still be saddled with the complexity of the memory management. I'd rather suggest to rewrite VS Code or the Slack client in Rust (i.e. apps which currently use Web technologies on the desktop) - those would definitely benefit more from increased performance and reduced memory footprint... It's not just tradition... especially with alcoholic beverages, there's also the "I don't buy the cheapest wine/beer/spirits because I want to demonstrate (to myself and others) that I actually enjoy them and don't just drink to get drunk" factor. ...or for a 1980s symphonic metal band. Edit: honestly, I first thought "hey, that would be a cool name", then I wrote the comment above, then I googled it and found out that yes, there is actually a Finnish metal band founded in 1984 with this name: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stratovarius But yeah, I guess the name is too good to not be already taken... I see the submitter omitted the end of the original title: "...That Needs to Make a Comeback in 2020". I guess they agree with my sentiment that no, it does not. Even if you ignore the most obvious environmental aspects (the fuel consumption and noise pollution), there is still one other I can think of: even if somebody invented a noiseless anti-gravity drive and the "Mr. Fusion" required to power it, it still wouldn't be a good idea for everyone to be able to simply fly and land anywhere they want... > All in all, the company would go on to sell only 8 Heli-Homes to customers, none of which survive today. This, on the other hand, is regrettable from a curiosity perspective... Thanks for the clarification! Just wanted to ask about this and noticed that my question is already answered. So that's a combined population of ~4,8 million, which is only about 5,7 % of Germany's total of ~ 83 million... It's a fad nowadays, but if you remember the bad old days when the "zoom" function in browsers was useless on most pages, that was because the browsers did it "by the book": they only zoomed elements with relative sizes, px units were always pixels. Then browser makers just gave up and reimplemented the zoom function to work with "broken" pages too (I think Chrome did it first and the rest followed suit). Of course the advent of Hi-DPI screens probably also played a part... Yeah, I really hated the standard IBM font too... trying to look like a serif font and having to "fall back" to sans serif most of the time anyway because there just wasn't enough space for the serifs... why?! And the patterns drawn with the standard background "pattern characters" looked horrible in the 80x25 mode which was used most of the time, because the hardware inserted an extra column repeating the 8th column, so the font matrix was actually 9x16, but the font didn't account for that. Actually back in the bad old DOS days I went as far as realizing that it was really easy to replace the "default" font (at least on German/non-US machines, which installed a different font from a file which contained the correct characters for the German code page). So I wrote a small program to hack this code page file and insert my own sans-serif font. An additional realization was that 8 = 3+1+3+1 - so if you designed your "pattern characters" to have 2 "patterned" columns 3 pixels wide and 2 empty columns 1 pixel wide (so the repeated column would be empty too), the pattern would look nicer when shown in the 9x16 matrix. I wonder if I still have that laying around somewhere... Munich has (at least) two streets unexpectedly named after people - Passauerstraße and Dessauerstraße. The problem of these people is that their names are derived from well-known cities, so everyone just assumes that the streets are named after the cities. The only thing indicating that they are actually named after people is that the street names are written as one word - streets named after places are supposed to be written as two words (e.g. Landshuter Allee), but many people get this wrong even without this twist... I wouldn't bet on it - the lightning might strike the ground directly sometimes, but I imagine that a taller object still has a much higher risk of being struck... Well, the plane shown in the first photo is clearly carrying an incomplete spacecraft. To find out that it was in fact able to carry the completely assembled Buran, you'd have to actually read the article ("During another flight in 1988 — this time with a flight-worthy Buran orbiter"), and that's probably too much to ask nowadays... Looks nice, but the shadows on the buttons are wrong: the top and left edges should be white, the other two black. This way, the buttons look more like elements of a status bar, those had the borders reversed to produce an "inset" effect (like in this screenshot: http://173.255.209.242/chhtml/toolkit/demos/Windows/gifs/gad... ) Actually the whole point of having a helmet is to not have your head track its movements - if the acceleration transferred to your head would be the same as that suffered by the helmet, you might as well not wear one at all. Same as with old cars with a stiff body, where in an accident the passengers were subjected to almost the same deceleration as the front bumper. Using the front portion of the car as a crumple zone to reduce the deceleration of the passenger cabin was one of the first major safety improvements... That was my first thought too: at least by using solar power the opium farmers are not polluting the environment and generating CO2, but that benefit is tiny compared to the damage done by depleting the groundwater. And that in turn pales in comparison to the corruption and political instability caused by the drug industry and what that means for the country. Just so the North American cyclists and pedestrians don't get too depressed: it's also depressing to watch if you come from other European countries. I for one am from Germany, where the cycling/pedestrian infrastructure is undeniably better in most places, but car traffic still has top priority no matter what politicians may say. Small example: the busy S-Bahn (regional train) / U-Bahn (subway) / bus interchange at Harras in Munich ( https://goo.gl/maps/doaJT4vq7viDyK9v5 ). The western exit of the subway station, which is under the railway underpass, had to be used also if you came from the train station and wanted to legally cross the street to get a bus on the other side - you had to go from level +1 to -1 and then back to ground level. While remodeling the area, they wanted to enable pedestrians to cross at street level too. So now you have traffic lights where pedestrians have to push a button and wait for > 30 seconds to get a green light. Which in most cases means that you have to choose between crossing despite the red light or losing your bus. So a lot of money was spent, but the stated goal of encouraging walking, cycling and using public transit was still turned into a bad joke, because the "prime directive" is still to make sure that pedestrians and cyclists inconvenience car traffic as little a possible. Still... I would say that Chapanis' report shed light, or illuminated, or, if you want, irradiated the problem, but then the actual change of the controls eliminated or eradicated it, so we shouldn't mix them up... Go? The standard library has all relevant web-related features covered, but it's not a framework that forces you to organize your code in a certain way... The usual sorry tale of rickety ships, dubious owners, shady ports of registry (I didn't even know Moldova had a harbour for seagoing ships, but turns out that they have, since 2006, after a territorial exchange with Ukraine: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_of_Giurgiule%C8%99ti ), crews stranded aboard for months because the owner doesn't care etc. Be that as it may, the blame for storing 2750 tons of a dangerous chemical in a warehouse without proper safety measures in a port located at the heart of Beirut for six years still rests firmly with the Lebanese authorities... I was wondering about that too, especially since when investigating the state of the cargo they found out that already in 2015 "most of the one-ton bags containing the ammonium nitrate — approximately 1,900 — were ripped and had their contents spilling out". So some of it may have surely been stolen over the years, but not 1500-2000 tons... Ok... lifting body, clean efficient wing, rear-mounted propeller to avoid disturbing the laminar flow - I get all of that. But what are the two gizmos mounted on the top of the fuselage between wing and tail? They look a bit big to just be the air intake for the engine?! I think the area where Intel is currently lagging is not so much the internal architecture of the chips, but the fabrication process, where they have fallen behind AMD (who is using 3rd party fabs): https://www.forbes.com/sites/linleygwennap/2020/07/28/intel-... Yeah, who would have thought that there are (dry) locations on Earth that are below sea level? Apparently you can't expect software developers / testers nowadays to be aware of that... Back in 1959, when it was adopted, it was still used in a few more countries... and, with Brexit, who knows? or sensible? When you're flying over dry land, they already have to do a collision test to check if you have flown into terrain - so the solution would be to simply not check if you are above sea level when you are flying over land... Well, what can we learn from this? That it's not a good idea to simply assign a grade to someone for an exam they didn't take, and it's an even worse idea to base this grade only partly on their own performance? And, if you are going to do it, you'd better make sure that the grades exceed the students' expectations, otherwise of course there will be protests... Cool, so all the 1k demos/intros from Assembly ( https://archive.assembly.org/2019/1k-intro ) could also be distributed via QR code... the 4k intros unfortunately not. Maybe it's time for a new category ;) nope, magnetically, like on a cassette tape... Cool, wasn't aware it was possible to store an analog signal on a floppy using an unmodified disk drive. However, going from how often you hear the stepper motor in the video, the disk would fill up pretty quickly - I wonder how much analog music you could fit on a floppy with some optimization (slower rotation, tracks spaced more closely until crosstalk becomes an issue, maybe a spiral track like on a CD). My gut feeling is that you could fit more than 30 minutes on there... A side-scrolling game with accurate physics simulation where you fly around in a cave system fighting alien monsters, finding secrets and solving puzzles? Reminds me of Exile ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6rbjU8sCP0 ), a sadly overlooked Amiga classic which I enjoyed very much back in the day. Of course, Exile didn't have every pixel simulated (not doable at the time) and had more of a science fiction look, but I think I'll still try Noita out when I have some time... one big difference however is that while in Noita "death is permanent", in Exile death simply was not possible - each time your energy got low enough, you were simply teleported to a spot you had marked previously or, if you forgot to do that, back to your spaceship. Which did make things less frustrating, because the game was pretty tough... Well, the music is also the most unoriginal one, otherwise it wouldn't have enough mass appeal - so I would hesitate to call it "highest quality content"... Being in a car with spotty mobile connection which prevents people from using Spotify is apparently the biggest niche left for radio... Speak for yourself :) I can think of several songs where I would prefer the engine noise... > As a rhetorical device, Bregman takes Jean-Jacques Rousseau's more hopeful account of humanity in a state of nature. For Rousseau the problem is not what is hidden by the veneer—human nature is fine—it is civilisation itself. Hmmm, without the veneer of civilisation, we would be basically apes with oversized brains. Apes cooperate just fine within their own group, they are social animals after all, but between different groups it can get very nasty very fast. Which is of course what we can see all around the world at a larger or smaller scale (wars, social networks, election campaigns, racial tensions etc.) but I doubt getting rid of civilisation is a solution for these problems... Yeah, the old adage that "any PR is good PR"... however Ryanair are already well-known enough, so they don't need that aspect, and at least for me personally, any article like the one you mentioned only solidifies my decision to avoid them if at all possible... I've seen projects with much worse documentation than Go. And I think it's unfair to blame the quality of the documentation on godoc, which is actually a pretty powerful documentation tool, and the fact that it's included with the language is a great advantage. As with other aspects of Go, they may have taken the "keep it simple" principle a bit too far here too (e.g. godoc could detect and highlight if you mention the names of a method's parameters in a doc comment), but what's there is very solid. Of course, as with any documentation tool, you have to actually use it by writing good doc comments (end examples, and additional documentation files etc.) to make it useful, but that's not the tool's fault... Mandatory xkcd: https://xkcd.com/1338/ That was a real eye-opener when I first saw it. Talk about Anthropocene... Well, it's written right in the title: "Earth's land mammals by weight". So no, it doesn't include bacteria, insects, other invertebrates, or anything living in the sea, but the point it's trying to make about the impact of humans on the planet is still important... Can't speak for the OP, but if you buy records for the physical experience of taking a record from its sleeve, putting it on a turntable and then watching it play, being forced to use a digital recording instead for the records you play most often sure sounds like a bummer... That's done to make up for one of the major disadvantages of vinyl records: that you can't easily rip them. Ok, ripping CDs is also getting more difficult - I upgraded my desktop PC recently and then found out I need a PATA adapter card to connect my old DVD-RW drive if I want to rip CDs, but haven't gotten around to it yet. Laptops have also gotten rid of CD/DVD drives completely. Fortunately Amazon has an "AutoRip" feature for most CDs where you can download an album digitally after you have bought it from them... Interesting... apparently it qualifies as a counterfeit even though it doesn't say Apple anywhere on the box? Or is the image caption wrong - maybe they're counteirfeit OnePlus earbuds? Oh BTW, it's "seize", not "sieze" :) Same goes for heavier-than-air flight, where many countries have their own aviation pioneers (which they of course like to highlight) who contributed various features until airplanes were finally technologically viable around the time World War I started... If at first you don't succeed, try, try again... Well, if you are going to build a game of this scale and budget, you have to appeal to a mass market, so making it too "weird" is an unacceptable risk unfortunately. That's why the weird-but-sometimes-wonderful ideas are left to lower-budget indie titles, which can be successful even if they only find a niche audience... I'd also add System Shock and Bioshock to your list (Ok, arguably not really RPGs). I'm not a specialist, but from my experience so far, every earth-covered underground structure (underground parking, subway station etc.) will eventually start leaking (exceptions might apply to really dry locations of course). It might last 40 years instead of 30 with better construction quality, but eventually you will have to dig it out (in part or fully) and repair it - which is obviously costly, especially if you have landscaping at ground level. My similar feelings towards Apple ("despise" would probably be too strong, but I don't really like them either, plus I'm too cheap to put up with their prices) means that I am pretty much locked in to Android, but there I at least have a choice between different manufacturers... The function may be a good example, but this blog post doesn't really do a good job at explaining it, at least not to people unfamiliar with Rust (which I assume it's aimed at). If I understood correctly, if you assign the lifetime 'a (or 'x , 'l , whatever) to all parameters, you tell the compiler that they all have the same lifetime? And if you wanted to have different lifetimes, you could use 'a and 'b ? But the article doesn't explicitly mention that, so you could end up thinking that 'a is some kind of a magical constant that you have to use... Snow? In Berlin?! It'll melt before you get out to the park with your snowboard... Cryptography and the AR-15 may both be classified at weapons, but you can't actually shoot someone with cryptography. I suspect that may also play a role when it comes to enforcement... That's one of the reasons why I love my good old Bose QC 15 headphones: they have a physical switch that turns off the noise cancelling and also acts as a reliable no-delay audio kill switch. Some people would complain that you can't turn off the NC and keep listening to music, but I think the switch is actually more useful this way... ...or use their lawyers and political connections to make sure they don't have to do either of the above - unfortunately, it looks like this is the cheapest option. Thanks for the links! One would have thought that after the 737 Max debacle, Boeing would do anything possible to at least retain the trust of their customers for the 787. Instead, they seem to be eager to set up another debacle with the 787... Am I the only one who finds it a little bit ironic to call IntelliJ bloated, and then recommend VS Code, which may not be that "bloated" feature-wise, but is based on a browser engine, so also not really light on resources? A VS Code-like product using the Sublime Text engine would be the ideal development tool for me. As long as that's not available, I'm using PHPStorm at work (my company is paying for it) and VS Code for my private projects in Go - still haven't tried out Goland, IntelliJ's Go IDE, but so far I'm happy with VS Code. If anyone's interested, the double acute means that the vowel is longer than a regular ö or ü (there's no ä in Hungarian BTW). Same for á é í ó ú, with the added complication that a and e are pronounced differently. ...and kudos to salon for getting Rubik's name right! ...and is also a nice way to showcase Hungarian's ability to concatenate words, similar to German (it means "flood-proof mirror drilling machine"). You'd be surprised: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sea_turtle#Distribution_and_ha... Also, many deserts are very fragile ecosystems: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biological_soil_crust (of course there are deserts which are so inhospitable that there is virtually no life to be found, like the sand dunes in the Arabian deserts - there, offroad driving may be ok) Even without having programmed in C/C++ for years, it doesn't sound very surprising that "concatenative builds" are faster - I assume it has something to do with the preprocessor having exponentially less work the fewer files you have? I'm not sure if the author really meant this phrase the way it sounds, but if he did, it's a bit worrying: > That’s one of the points of Rust. It’ll complain that our code is not production quality and that we need to do better to save on the pain down the line. Ok, Rust will catch a lot of bugs, but assuming that a program is "production quality" once the Rust compiler doesn't complain about it anymore would be really bad - it may still be full of business logic errors... Er, the article is not about manufacturing outsourcing, it's about eliminating the last seven remaining Boeing-employed flight training pilots - who were apparently tasked amongst others with quality control of the training pilots from contractors. Depends on the route and on the airlines available. For example, Delta doesn't currently have the 737 Max, and I highly doubt they will order it in the near future. In Germany, Lufthansa doesn't have any 737 in its fleet anymore. Same here... who would have thought reading random ancient source code comments could expand your vocabulary? No... but I assume even in the pre-digital days most people only ever had one, at most two, newspaper subscriptions. And the newspaper (er, news website) publishers are still living in that world. Are you selling those fine leather jackets? They do... ok, you could afford a pretty decent used car (or several months of car rental) for the shipping price: https://www.autoshippers.co.uk/air-freight-car-shipping.htm I very much doubt that "we" have a way to provide the current "western" lifestyle to ten billion humans in a sustainable way. Because that's the "ideal" most humans on this planet are striving for... I think they should completely reverse their approach: instead of instigating people to create senseless PRs, DigitalOcean should use the GitHub API to find contributors who made meaningful first contributions to existing projects over the last year, and send them T-shirts... in October? Another quote from later in the article: > a very close supernova could inflict massive harm to life on Earth ...but they fail to mention how close this "very close" is. I assume 700 light years (Betelgeuse) is a little bit far away to qualify? As a total amateur in astronomy/astrophysics, I would assume that if there were any "very close" stars that are massive enough to go supernova, they would already be known?! And since then we are all trapped in... the Twilight Zone ! (cue spooky music) Yes, but with the flu, most people (a) know that they had it and (b) are aware that they should take it easy with the training for a few weeks after they get well again. With Covid, apparently there is danger of myocarditis even for mild or asymptomatic cases... Yeah, some maintainers are friendlier then others, and some seem to care more about their precious time then about encouraging people to make (legitimate) contributions unfortunately... Or they are devices that were traded in ( https://www.apple.com/shop/trade-in ) for a new iPhone and are still working fine, but Apple wants destroyed so that they don't erode their market? I think the title should be changed to indicate that "our fog" refers to the Seattle area (for people who don't know who Cliff Mass is)... I was going to throw in https://www.humblebundle.com/store , but then I realized that the myriad of various "bundles" that they keep launching nowadays (at least as far as games are concerned) and also their store only sells Steam keys. I think the games in the "Humble Indie Bundles" which come out once or twice a year are still mostly DRM free, but that's about it. You can't even search their store for "DRM free", so I guess that's not a thing there... Well, it's a headline, and making headlines sound more interesting is what newspapers have done for centuries, well before clicking on links was a thing. And the word "quietly" is fully justified, because Apple didn't announce that it was removing these items. So, it's only "borderline clickbait" in my opinion... Ah, it's using iced, good to know! Would make sense to mention that in the project's README... If you're referring to the language, you really should use all-uppercase BASIC, otherwise people might get confused: a basic fanzine - huh? Yes, but air travel is already something everyone (in the developed world) can afford. Same as almost everyone can afford a VW Golf, Ford Focus, Toyota... whatever. What Boom wants to build is the equivalent of a Ferrari or Lamborghini - it does the same thing as a normal airliner, but faster and in a more resource-consuming and therefore expensive way. And, like most people can't afford a super sports car, most people won't be able to afford a ticket for their supersonic airplanes (same as they couldn't afford a ticket for Concorde). > forego the website entirely and post your information on social media which can then be consumed by optimized native apps ...and force the user to install the "optimized native app" for the social media site du jour ? Or simply let them put up with Facebook's "yes-this-is-a-public-page-but-I'm-still-going-to-ask-you-to-log-in-or-sign-up-just-because-I-can" shenanigans? Great UX, that! Even assuming all of those accounts are still active (and none of them are duplicates), that still leaves around 7 billion people without a Facebook account. Personally, I do have a Facebook account, but I only use it on my private desktop PC, not on my work laptop and also not on my phone. Yeah, some people really want to stay out of the limelight... quite literally, in this case. And looks like he largely succeeded - I would describe myself as fairly familiar with rock music, and I have heard of most of the acts he has collaborated with, but the name Robert Fripp didn't ring a bell... But if you wanted proof that the kind of toxicity we see on the Internet nowadays did exist before (but wasn't available for everyone to see and amplify), this "fan" letter is a very good example! There's nothing inherently wrong with being religious, I think the major problem is fundamentalism: if you consider your Holy Book (be it the Koran, the Bible or whatever else), or even more commonly a narrow interpretation of it, as the single source of truth and condemn all who deviate from it, that's a recipe for stagnation. That happened in Europe in the Middle Ages, and it's happening in the Arabic world now. When I read "hacking together a charger" I already had visions of people following this blog post poorly and burning down their houses. But fortunately it's just a low-voltage adapter, not a complete charger... Some of the article could have used another read-through: "...made it more difficult for buyers to roll out new campaigns easily". If it's now more difficult to do it easily, how is it in the end? Looks like the unit used for this picture on Wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HP-28_series#/media/File:HP_28... could use one of these too (I assume the battery compartment door is in the upper right corner, where you can see some duct tape) Sadly, the fact that they are small and dark-coloured, tend to travel at night and have the instinct to curl up in a ball when in danger (which protects them from all of their predators, but not from cars) all work against them... The original Amiga hardware (which was later sold as the 1000/500/2000) was developed by a startup which was later bought by Commodore. After the Amiga was a success, they failed to develop the platform further. Ok, it was arguably hard to introduce changes to the existing custom chips while keeping at least a degree of compatibility with old games that relied on all sorts of timing etc. details of the old hardware, but still... When the first Amigas with really improved capabilities (4000/1200) appeared in 1992, it was too little too late. I was just wondering why they would want to have a probe that can still run its comms equipment but can't return anything of scientific interest anymore because its instruments are no longer working... but then I realized that a nuclear power source is not like an ordinary battery - you can't use up more power now (e.g. to run the scientific instruments longer) and have less available later, you have a steadily declining "power budget" which would simply be wasted if not used? This reminds me of the (by now) old saying that code is more often read than written - sure, you're not forced to write macros, but if you use macros (or more exotic features), you force the developers who read your code to become familiar with (possibly arcane) features that they maybe would have never used (or needed). That's why I think Go's approach to not try to be "everybody's darling" by implementing every conceivable feature is commendable (even if mentioning this in a Rust-related thread will get me downvoted again). On the other hand, more often than not the developer who is (more or less hurriedly) adding code is trying to do something that the original designer didn't think of beforehand, and because of that they now have to jump through additional hoops to make it work... Always interesting to learn such details about infrastructure "hidden in plain sight". One more I can add is the separate traction power network in Germany, Austria in Switzerland, which is necessary because the railways here use a frequency of 16,7 Hz. It is fed in part by dedicated power plants (or dedicated generators in shared power plants), in part by converters. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Traction_power_network https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bahnstromnetz#/media/Datei:Bah... Not sure about the drugs, but during anesthesia , you will be completely unconscious, and inhibiting memory formation is a side-effect of that. Sedation is when you are still (more or less) conscious, but relaxed. But between these two terms there are several levels: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sedation#Levels_of_sedation Ah, the Epstein Drive, invented by Solomon Epstein, the Zefram Cochrane of The Expanse - seems like an unfortunate naming in retrospect, but I guess the novels were published a few years before Jeffrey Epstein became notorious... Well... the C64 was an 8-bit computer, so the platform was simply too limited for doing anything other than games, simple BASIC programming etc. Of course there were some "serious" apps available too that pushed the limits of the platform, but I guess once more performant computers (like the IBM PC/clones, the Apple Mac, the Amiga or the Atari ST) became affordable, people wouldn't think twice about using a C64 for those tasks anymore. The Amiga however was already from the next generation, with a "real" OS and really suitable for business, productivity, multimedia and other "serious" applications. Two of those 16-bit machines (or rather their evolved descendants) are still with us today - the PC and the Mac. So you can't blame people for phantasizing about what could have become of the Amiga platform if Commodore had managed it better. But today of course thinking that the platform could be revived and updated to become mainstream again is a pretty fringe view... So now (to keep the OP's picture) they throw the spaghetti full swing every time. If it sticks to the wall, it's ok (for now), if it doesn't (or not well enough), it gets mopped up, no harm done to the business - except, as the OP wrote, for users who get wary to rely on stuff that may or may not be here next year. Quote of the day: "[...] if you wait long enough by the river, the bodies of your favorite Google products will float by. Better not to get attached." My most recent defunct Google product: the Google Play Music app. A perfectly serviceable ad-free app to play my MP3 file collection - I'm an old-skool kind of guy, I was using the app only in "offline mode", without a subscription to the streaming service. I got some nag screens to subscribe from time to time, but other than that, it was great. Until Google decided to cancel the service in favor of an abomination called YouTube Music. And, of course, it couldn't just let the app work in offline mode without the service, it had to disable it via an update. Fortunately you can still use it by installing an old (hopefully unmodified) APK downloaded from one of the various (hopefully trustworthy) sites and disabling updates for the app. But let's see the bright side: maybe this will give the various music players created by individual developers a boost... This remindes me of a museum in Munich - a museum I had never heard of, located in the central office of a company I had never heard of, and which I would have probably never seen but for the "Long Night of Museums": the Spinner GmbH vacuum tube museum ( http://www.spinner-group.com/en/company/spinner-group/vacuum... ), showcasing the extensive vacuum tube collection of the company's founder. Double nitpick: it's Messerschmitt, not Messerschmidt! Yeah, Connery and Harrison Ford were really hilarious in that movie! And I have the impression Connery thoroughly enjoyed not having to play the action hero for once... As much as I like to see minorities supported this way (I am left-handed too), I suspect this was mainly done so they wouldn't have to cross the mouse cable over the other cables, which would have looked awkward in the photo... Interesting and also scary - I guess it was ok for customers, but the employees using the machines would probably over time get a serious amount of radiation literally in their face (from what it looks like)? If you think that nowadays while making X-rays the medical personnel will either wear lead-lined aprons or leave the room altogether... You mean this one: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kord_machine_gun ? I thought the name sounded familiar... but actually it was because I read about the Russian N1 would-be moon rocket recently: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N1_(rocket)#Engine_control_sys... Yeah... and I'm unsure if he only did it for dramatic effect or if he really feels responsible for the problems this student got into? Or, even more specifically, "Anatomy of a Linux Binary Executable Generated by the Rust Compiler" Tangent: this again reminds me of the surprising number of breweries or beers called "Bavaria" which are not in fact located in Bavaria. But I guess Bavaria should take that as a compliment... ...and how many to illegal races like the one this article is glorifying? Some of the examples are indicative of the time this article was written: scp election-predictions.txt dumpster:junk/ Except if you only want to visit the US as a tourist, and you don't necessarily have acquaintances there who are willing to contact their congressperson on your behalf, then I guess you're screwed. Have to remember to be extra careful which boxes I tick when (or if) I visit next time. But hey, there are lots of other interesting (and more welcoming) countries in the world... They're probably busy processing the requests where somebody (e.g. a congressperson) intervened to get them expedited? A VISA (credit card) won't be of any use, you need a visa (in your passport). SCNR... The problem is not the 99% of situations that you can memorize, but the 1% of times when you realize you have made a mistake and strayed from your beaten path into the dark scary unknown Git woods where monsters with detached HEADs may be lurking behind every tree, and you have to ask a coworker or StackOverflow to rescue you... No. The MAX is basically a boring old design that's been flying safely for decades, and it is perfectly stable. The only problem was a small handling issue that appeared at very steep climbs because of the new engines. And because they wanted to keep the same type certificate, the MAX had to handle exactly the same as the "old" 737, so they introduces MCAS to adjust the "maneuvering characteristics" automatically. Which was so badly designed that it led to the crashes. So the problem is not with the basic 737 design, the problem is that the new MCAS was much worse than the problem it was supposed to fix. As with most aviation accidents, you always have a chain of things that have to fail. If memory serves, any one of the following would probably have prevented the accidents: - if Boeing would have designed MCAS better - if anyone inside Boeing or the FAA would have flagged the bad design before the accidents - if Boeing would have enabled the "Angle of attack sensor disagree alert" by default on all MAX airplanes ( https://aviation.stackexchange.com/questions/64020/is-the-73... ) - if the issues with the AOA sensors on the crashed planes would have been fixed before the accidents Cool... so Disney's stance is "we think we don't have to pay you for your work, if you disagree, you can sue us, but mind you, we have lots of lawyers and very deep pockets"? Probably this wouldn't work as well for smaller publishers, who have less deep pockets and who authors could boycott for such shenanigans, but still very worrying... I stumbled right over the first sentence of the article: > It slowly became clear that one day Apple’s processors would come for Intel. Yeah, that became clear sometime back in 2005... but what does that have to do with the matter at hand?! That was the first questions in my mind too... of course the physical notebooks are also valuable, but the information contained within is the thing that's actually important for historians etc. Thankfully the question also occured to the BBC reporters: > Although the notebooks have been digitised, Professor Secord says the scans can never replace the real thing. How about the blue and white LEDs which were invented and improved over the last 30 years? May seem like a relatively modest example, but the applications made possible by them are everywhere, from smartphones to LED video walls and energy-saving lighting solutions. Yeah, but this article is about Europe, and SUVs make up over 40% of new registrations. Mind you, the typical "European" SUVs, while bigger than other European cars, are midgets compared to what someone from the States would call an SUV. Not a native speaker, but for me "giving a shit" doesn't sound like you really care for something. Ok, it's (maybe) better than "not giving a shit", which is nothing at all, but it's not much more than the bare minimum... To be fair, this feature was more useful in the nineties than today :) And for the ones not familiar with Amiga jargon, a requester is what you would call a dialog box on other OSes... As others have already written: when I read "Deluxe Paint", I automatically assumed that the artwork was done on an Amiga, because when you think Deluxe Paint, you think Amiga (I wasn't even aware that there was a PC version until now, or maybe I learned it at some point in the past and then forgot it again). And with that assumption, having no limitations on filenames or extensions actually made perfect sense. And BTW, that ".lbm" extension should actually be ".ilbm" (interleaved bitmap), same as ".jpg" should actually be ".jpeg". The MS-DOS limitations live on long after MS-DOS is no more... As much as I am an old Amiga fan, that's not correct. The 4096 colors were the whole palette (3 bits per color -> 2^12 = 4096 colors), but you could only use 32 of those colours without limitations. And then there were the "special modes" (EHB with 64 colors, where the second set of 32 were the first set with half brightness, and HAM, where you could theoretically see all 4096 colors at once, but only with careful optimization of the base 16 colors). Plus you could use the "Copper" (coprocessor) to set a new palette for each scanline. Some games used all of these tricks (and more) to achieve some very impressive results, but I don't think cross-platform titles like Monkey Island really invested that much effort into Amiga-specific optimizations... Details: http://theamigamuseum.com/the-hardware/the-amigas-graphic-mo... > Most "Fancy" PC laptops have cellular Yeah, I would diagnose this as a clear case of "Apple lock-in syndrome" on the author's part... But he does have a point! I recently bought a Lenovo Ideapad Duet Chromebook as a more flexible alternative to an Android tablet, and was a bit surprised that it doesn't have GPS - which you take for granted from all but the cheapest tablets these days, but of course this is a Chromebook with a detachable keyboard, not a tablet... Good to know - there is actually a feature to connect your Android phone to your Chromebook to share the internet connection, and I tried that a few months ago, but the location data wasn't shared. After that I realized while on vacation that using OsmAnd on the phone was enough for all practical purposes, so I forgot about this issue. But maybe in the meantime Google published an update which also shares the phone's location data? Would definitely make sense to have something like that... Can't think of any, but it's still fair to say that tax loopholes (and lack of other regulations that the established competitors are subject to, e.g. Taxi licenses) provide an additional advantage... Cool! However the title is a bit misleading, I read "observable" as another adjective to "coding" (same as "creative") - "Creative Coding in Observable" would be clearer... Really fascinating! And I can only imagine the infernal noise this process produces, with a gigantic "chainsaw" and a whole ship as a resonance chamber... Sure, same as there's "plenty of doubt" on climate change, on the correctness of the 2020 US elections etc. - as long as you are willing to listen to the people who sow those doubts and believe them... Yeah, thanks for pointing that out :) As someone who has never before heard of Cube, Cube2, or Sauerbraten, I just stumbled on this post and clicked on it because I couldn't figure out what the headline meant, and was even more confused because on the Sauerworld page it's not immediately apparent what it is about either. Ok, the sauerbraten.org page linked in the footer is more informative, and I understand that this is primarily a page "by fans for fans", but still maybe the "about" section should be more prominently featured... As someone else already figured out, the chance that the container is still on the ship is around 75% (assuming that the lost containers were all 40ft, that would be 3600 TEU out of the ship's capacity of 14000 TEU) - however, even if it is still on the ship, there will probably be delays while they carefully unload the damaged containers. Not to forget that the ship will probably head to the next port, not to its actual destination... I think most of the readers here are aware of that. Plus there's a ton of other applications, like plastics, other chemicals etc. But this article is not about that - this is about one country deciding to get out of oil production. I guess they have discussed this at lenght and decided that, all factors considered, it makes more sense for them to stop oil production, decarbonize their economy as far as possible, and import the oil that they will still need. > Yeah, it would. Countries should have some faith in their people to figure out what a mistake looks like without the police arresting people. I'd applaud any government that can get to that level of enlightenment. The problem with heroin ( not from personal experience) is that you only realize that it was a mistake after you're already addicted, and then it's incredibly hard to stop. But seeing how much damage the "war on drugs" and the cartels producing them are doing, maybe a number of addicts (and deaths) more would be acceptable in the grand scheme of things... I wondered all along if this was a parody, but I had to read it to the very end to be sure! You never know with articles like this these days... Ignoring the instructions of flight attendants will allow you to get out with your briefcase, but may get others killed. That's the real issue - sacrificing something to help others. As we have seen during the last year, some are not even willing to put up with the minor inconvenience of wearing a mask (which they inflate with horror stories to rationalize it) to help others, so forgive me if I sound cynical... > Beats are widely considered to be overpriced for their audio quality That's why Beats was a perfect fit for Apple, Apple products are also overpriced for their performance... There's an (apparently untranslatable) word in German for people who are only interested in amassing knowledge in their own domain and totally ignorant of anything else: "Fachidiot" (see also https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/327748/is-there-... ) - it's not really a flattering term. So, in my book, expanding your horizons is a good thing. Of course, Sherlock Holmes would disapprove ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3605300 ). OTOH, square pixels are mostly an artifact - back in the day, if you looked at the image your C64 or your SNES would produce on your TV, you couldn't really see the individual pixels as squares, because the low-quality analog display provided its own "antialiasing" - that's what emulators have trouble recreating... I know at least one non-mythical fast website: https://motherfuckingwebsite.com/ Fascinating... "Kraftidioten" could also be a German word, but with a different meaning. In Norwegian, the "kraft" ("powerful") refers to the idiocy, whereas in German it refers to the idiot. That's why the film was called "Einer nach dem anderen" in German - "Kraftidioten" wouldn't have gone down well with bodybuilders... So, in other words, it's an online demo tape? For creators to send around to (hopefully) interested parties, and with the added advantage that creators can find out who listened to which songs how many times? Sounds like a good idea - as long as the people listening to the songs are aware that they're being tracked this way... Or (c) I will tell everyone that I'm waiting so that more at-risk people can have access it to first, but secretly I'll be happy others are field-testing it for me... It's probably less an expectation of a "perfect bug-less game" and more a game that has so many issues (on this platform) that it's unacceptable even by today's standards of releasing unfinished games. Also (EDIT) I wonder if it's maybe more about the risk of epileptic seizures (which are a legal liability) than the bugs - to quote from https://www.gameinformer.com/2020/12/07/cyberpunk-2077-epile... , "[...] V will be given a headset that is meant to onset the instance. The headset fits over both eyes and features a rapid onslaught of white and red blinking LEDs, much like the actual device neurologists use in real life to trigger a seizure when they need to trigger one for diagnosis purposes". That sounds like a really bad design decision if you ask me... Then again, CD Projekt is a relatively small developer, and Sony would probably think twice before treating a game by say, EA, the same way, so I wouldn't completely rule out double standards... Could you use "non-biogenic" ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/biogenic ) for a thing like radio emissions? Scalpers aren't powerful enough to create an artificial scarcity. If there were not really an increased demand for the products, noone would pay their inflated prices. When demand outstrips supply, the logical thing for manufacturers and (e-)retailers to do would be to increase prices themselves to balance out the situation, but for various reasons (one of which is possible negative PR) they are reluctant to do that, so the scalpers profit... A variable naming committee might seem exaggerated, but I've seen far too many variable/method/class names already that are wrong, misleading or at best misspelled, so some more thoughtfulness is definitely warranted... GoodNameAbstractionFactory goodNameAbstractionFactory = new GoodNameAbstractionFactory("GoodName", abstractionFactory); OTOH, flight sims (especially on 8-bit and early 16-bit platforms) were pretty much the opposite of a "casual game" - you didn't only have to put up with the blocky graphics, you also had to memorize the keyboard layout, be motivated enough to master the steep learning curve etc. So these were pretty divisive games with a lot of die-hard fans, but I guess 80-90% of gamers (me included) would steer well clear of them, or try them once and give up... Ah, another "theoretical expert" - you're of course free to try to improve upon their design, but I think what they ultimately built is the end result of a lot of effort (and probably trial and error) already. If you look closely at the video, you will notice that the pieces are slightly V-shaped to recenter the ball if if deviates from a straight line, and as long as the ball is in the center, the tempo is correct. When it goes off to the side, it will be pushed back to the middle, but will inevitably be slowed down slightly. I think there are a lot of "first-world" companies that have copied this approach. See also "Design and Quality: IKEA of Sweden. Made in [insert cheap-manufacturing country here]." Yeah, I would have pointed out OsmAnd too, but you were faster :) I'm not a subscriber yet as the features of the free version are enough for me, but someday my conscience will probably guilt me into supporting them anyway... Not only hiking! Traveling to Ecuador last year was a real eye-opener. For some reason, the maps on our navigation device (TomTom) were badly out of date and incomplete (despite of course downloading the latest update before travelling), fortunately I also had OsmAnd on my phone, it saved us from getting lost multiple times... It's only when you are confronted with really crappy furniture that you start to appreciate "IKEA quality". You shouldn't of course confuse "quality" with "luxury", but for the price you pay, you (usually) get stuff that looks Ok and will do its job reasonably well for a pretty long time. Also, everyone likes to complain about how difficult IKEA furniture is to assemble and how bad the instructions are. We recently ordered a custom-made bed from a smaller company, and the quality was undeniably better than IKEA (OTOH it also cost about 5x as much as the average IKEA bed), but still the instructions skipped about half of the information required... Well, if you are a huge Italian bicycle saddle maker, and you buy a small boutique British bicycle saddle maker, and you decide to centralise your logistics, where are you going to do it? For some it's art, for others it's an accident hazard. Don't get me wrong, I don't have anything against painting the trucks, but these wooden "crowns" would lead to the truck being declared not roadworthy in any Western country. At best, they only increase the truck's weight and fuel consumption, at worst they can fall off and make accidents worse... > It's a great pairing to solar, wind, and hydro No it's not - to compensate for times when there is not enough energy from renewable sources, you need power plants that can be shut down and brought back online quickly, and nuclear plants are certainly not that. Sorry for that, but may I ask where you live? Because if the pollution is coming from a coal power plant, there are filters for that. And I shudder to think what the people (mis)managing that coal power plant could do if it was nuclear instead... Well, in three years the president has gone from claiming that there were more people at his inauguration than there actually were, to undermining democracy by persisting for months in his claims of election fraud despite failing to produce any evidence for it in the courts (while ignoring a pandemic that is currently killing 3000 people a day in his country). How about that for a slippery slope? Call me cynical, but the short term calculus of the tech companies involved seems pretty clear: after the Democrats have now won the Senate too, they are very quick to block Trump, Parler etc. So they are no better than the Republicans who supported or condoned Trump's antics so far and are only now discovering their conscience when it has become clear that his grip on power is slipping. The proverbial rats getting off the sinking ship... First, I fully agree: this is not a bug, it's a missing feature. Second, I may be a minority here, but I actually don't mind this feature missing at all. I however do (or did) mind Windows putting its "thumbs.db" files all over the place, so that's the first thing I deactivate when installing it (along with enabling "show hidden files" and "show extension for known file types"). Oh nooooooo... Guess he is more familiar with old tuners than with old computers :) Also, a quick Wikipedia search could have easily prevented this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amiga_4000 Looks like we disagree on what's a bug and what's a feature in a file picker. But the mirrors on a car are mandated by law, so the equivalent for that would be a missing Cancel button (which forces you to always open a file). If I had to pick a car part equivalent to the file thumbnails, it would probably be seat heating or a built-in navigation system - it's nice to have (for some, others never use it), but you can use the car without problems if it's broken or not installed. I'm not saying that it's not a nice feature to have, but it's also definitely non-trivial - it's not only thumbnails for images, if you do that people will also demand thumbnails for videos (including, of course, all ancient formats), PDF files, Word/Excel/PowerPoint documents, HTML pages etc. etc. etc. ...and publishing the personal data they got their hands on this way ("In revealing the flaw to the media, the group also exposed personal data from over 100,000 people") ...and you are 100% sure that if this got before a court, the decision would go your way? To be fair, it's probably hard for a network like Parler to attract top talent. I mean, they explicitly advertised themselves as the "free speech social network" (i.e. "all hate speech welcome, we won't censor anyone except maybe Trump parody accounts") - would you want to work for such a company, or have it on your resume in the future? I live in Germany, where the tendency in the past ~50 years has been to add bike lanes to sidewalks. This may feel safer for "non-experienced riders", but has its own issues: instead of being on the driver's side of cars (who tend to look into the mirror before opening the door), you'll be on the passenger side, and the passengers don't have a mirror to look into. At intersections, drivers turning right (especially truck drivers) will tend to overlook you. Plus, you'll have pedestrians stepping in front of your bike, snow not being cleared in Winter and other annoyances. So, the grass may look greener on the other side, but not all that glitters is gold... Well, free speech is a good thing, if done responsibly. In practice though, "free speech" as used by Parler means no moderation at all, so the most blatant lies and the craziest conspiracy theories can run unchecked. And since mainstream platforms are cracking down on extremists, your platform will inevitably become a haven (and echo chamber) for them, even if you didn't intend to be one. Free speech is one thing, building an echo chamber for lunatics is something completely different, at least in my book. In principle, we probably also agree that all people should be equal, but if you follow that principle to the end, you get Communism. That's why there is a need for supreme courts to interpret each country's constitution, which are basically just a list of simple principles that are acceptable to everyone, but the devil's always in the details... That has always been one of the secrets of success: choose your parents wisely... Not only ironic, also hypocritical: they are proposing to make it illegal to censor views that don't break Polish laws, while replacing a halo with a rainbow in a photo of an icon does break Polish laws, because it "offends religious sentiment", so it could (and probably also should, if you ask them) be censored. Hey, cool idea, if I put a small steel plate on the other side, I can wear my favourite fridge magnets instead of pins! Lucky I don't have a pacemaker... It took a while for me to parse the title... So the key takeaway is: if you have a pacemaker or an implanted defibrillator, don't put your phone in your breast pocket? But I imagine people are already told to avoid that, just to minimize the risk of radio interference? Of course, this turns a remote possibility of impacting the functionality into a near-certainty (if the magnet is strong enough). BTW these iPhones are not the first phones that contain magnets. The Moto Z range, which has been around since 2016, has accessories ("Moto Mods") that are attached magnetically. The magnets are in the accessories, but since one backplate is shipped with the phone, most people will probably have that attached. Thanks for sharing that, now I know that I'm not the only one who has been using htop for years and didn't know that you could hide the threads with Shift+H. It's not even on the help screen, for crying out loud :D Plus, after looking through all the options, I couldn't find an option to hide threads by default. EDIT: later I realized that pressing Shift+H automatically sets the option "Hide userland process threads", and I overlooked it because I was looking for a disabled option. So htop was actually smarter than I was giving it credit for. However, it definitely wouldn't hurt to mention Shift+H on the help screen :) Ah, I swear I looked at the list three times until I finally found it. It's not listed under "Shift+H", it's under "H" (capital H = Shift+H). If they had a shortcut "Shift+1", they would probably rather look up the keyboard mapping to find out what character that is rather than writing "Shift+1". I still think htop is a great little tool, but sometimes it's really too clever for its own good... The "deformed-ness" isn't because of the ML, anime/manga girls drawn by humans are already deformed enough (just looks at those huge eyes, if they were real you probably couldn't fit a brain in that head) - the difference is that human artists have the sensitivity required to keep their drawings from looking too weird, while the AI drives straight over the edge of the uncanny valley (or rather, creepy canyon)... ...and that's a wise decision, if you take a look at these horrors: https://thisanimedoesnotexist.ai/results/psi-1.0/seed0527.pn... https://thisanimedoesnotexist.ai/results/psi-1.0/seed8073.pn... https://thisanimedoesnotexist.ai/results/psi-1.0/seed8119.pn... apparently it's a very fine line between "dream girl" and "nightmare girl"... Thanks! Otherwise it's a great blog post, but I did stumble over that unexplained acronym (and was too lazy to google it) What job? The job of the artist? I sure hope not! I mean, ok, we don't have illuminated manuscripts anymore, but we still have typographers, illustrators (for books), painters etc., so the job has evolved, not disappeared completely. What technological change will eventually make obsolete are probably the record companies... "Natural language" being .startOfInput .optional.string('0x') .capture .exactly(4).anyOf .range('A', 'F') .range('a', 'f') .range('0', '9') .end() .end() .endOfInput ...ok, that's slightly more readable than a regex, because it "unpacks" the arcane syntax, but you still have to be familiar with the workings of regular expressions to understand it. And it also has the disadvantage that you are replacing the widely understood regex syntax with a niche "DSL" - sort of like using an exotic framework for a popular programming language. Now they just need Doc Brown to come back from the future with the plans for a "Mr. Fusion" to solve the range problems once and for all... Well, not-so-long ago there was a widely available index of almost-everyone's private addresses and phone numbers - you could opt out, but most people didn't. It was called a telephone book. Or: if you are like Saruman, using the Palantir will corrupt you. You have to be like Sauron, who is in no danger of being further corrupted by the Palantir... This page already goes a long way to fulfill your requirements: https://www.planespotters.net/special/boeing-737-max-groundi... ...however, if you don't want Boeing to "get away with it", you should boycott all their planes. Not saying we should do that though, because if Boeing goes out of business, we would be left with just one major manufacturer of passenger jets, and that's never a good thing. Already the Max issues are at least in part a result of the existing duopoly and US authorities being too lenient with Boeing because they don't want to disadvantage it against Airbus. Do you mean the 0.07 "fatality rate" for Boeing 737-600/700/800/900 vs. the 0.09 for the A320 family? I would say they are both very safe aircraft, but I wouldn't read too much into the 0.02 difference, because that includes accidents like https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germanwings_Flight_9525 (where the copilot intentionally crashed the plane) or https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helios_Airways_Flight_522 (which was 100% due to human error) I applaud your faith in Boeing and the authorities, but the article we are commenting on gives some pretty believable arguments that the scrutiny may not have been in fact enough... Ok, if you want to get into the details of this particular accident... it can be argued that UX issues made it easier for the pilots to make the fatal mistake they made (and the lawyers representing the victims' families of course made that argument, because going after Boeing is far more promising than going after a small airline which declared bankruptcy soon after the accident), but in the end it was still human error. Aircraft are complex systems which can't be made 100% foolproof, that's why they are flown by qualified and trained pilots who have checklists for things that have to be done before take-off, and one of them was checking the pressurization system ("the flight crew overlooked the pressurization system state on three occasions: during the pre-flight procedure, the after-start check, and the after take-off check"). ...and the courts ultimately had nothing to do with it, because the suit against Boeing was settled out of court. Which is not an "admission of guilt" on the part of Boeing, just "give them some money to make this unpleasant thing go away". I was under the impression that had more to do with this episode: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSeries_dumping_petition_by_Bo... - basically Boeing complained that Bombardier was selling the CSeries at dumping prices, the US International Trade Commission agreed and threatened additional duties on the imported planes, so Bombardier partnered up with Airbus to be able to (partly) build the planes in the USA and thus avoid paying the additional tariffs. This headline is a classic example of "burying the lede". Er... glasses that correct myopia? Haven't those been around for, like, at least 600 years? Add to that the gym membership you will need to get fit enough to carry it around... and the chiropractor bills for when you realize you weren't fit enough after all. You should stay away from those, the damned thing is already heavy enough as it is... Yeah, you should be wary of trusting your employer too much, but if you go through your (professional) life with an attitude of "don't turn your back on anyone, they're all out to get you" the quote above will turn into a self-fulfilling prophecy... The article isn't really clear, so: this is just about the platform, which is one of three built for the Apollo program and then reused for the Space Shuttle. They are demolishing one of them (MLP-2), because they still have two of the "old model" (MLP-1 and MLP-3) and soon two new ones (ML-1 and ML-2). The article doesn't distinguish between the platform and the crawler-transporter which is below it in the photo - those are still needed (and also in the National Register of Historic Places), so not going away any time soon... It's worth mentioning that last year Germany launched a thinly-veiled subsidy campaign for their auto makers which offered a substantial rebate for "environmentally friendly" vehicles (ignoring that keeping your existing car - which conforms to the EU emission regulations - for a few more years is overall better for the environment than buying a new one now) which included plug-in hybrids. Which of course artificially inflates the sales in this category, although we can be confident that some (or most?) of these plug-in hybrids will never actually be recharged. Aside from this particular fracas, it's fascinating to see the proponents of "copyleft" and "permissive" licenses argue again about who is "freer": Elastic announced the license change with a blog post titled "Doubling down on open" ( https://www.elastic.co/blog/licensing-change ). Then these guys come along with a blog post "Doubling Down on Permissive Licensing and the Elasticsearch Lockdown" which accuses Elastic of "locking down" their code because they switched to a non-permissive license which in their view is "less free". Reminds me of Trump trying to steal the election by accusing the other side of stealing the election. But in that case it was at least easier to find out who was lying... Hmmm, starting out with a description of what the plebes do in the housing benefit offices. Then mentioning in passing that his "old car" is a BMW i3 (can I have that old car? Oh, he was only test driving it...). This juxtaposition doesn't really endear the author to me. Ok, maybe I'm not getting the British sense of humour... he does have a point however! Maybe having an i3 today is not something worth bragging about for the HN clientele, but saying your "old car" is an i3 after the previous paragraph might not go down well with someone who would be glad if they could afford a (used) i3. Just my impression... From my experience, when changing (or fixing) something on an existing system, I typically spend ~48% of the time figuring out where to do the change, then ~2% actually doing the change, and then another ~48% testing it and adapting unit tests broken by it. Well, the Capitol riots were in the capital (Washington DC), so let's give him the orthographic benefit of the doubt... Yeah, maybe he's a bit over the top, but he's got a point - and that point is that governments all over the world are indebting themselves to keep their economies afloat, and all that money ultimately keeps making the rich (be it hedge funds, the wallstreetbets guys or other investors) richer and the poor (who don't have loose cash to invest in stocks, but will have to pay in one way or another for the debts taken up by their government) poorer... ...that goes without saying Cool, let's just have an international auction for the vaccines, then the rich countries will have ten times the doses they need to vaccinate their entire population (because you never know how the clinical trials will turn out). What about the poorer countries, you ask? Well, tough luck... Plus, in Israel it's just half of the Israeli population, strange nobody is talking about the Palestinians. Ever heard of the Peter principle ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_principle ) ? In Europe, the sad truth is that lorry drivers don't really "live" anywhere, except in the cabs of their trucks. Maybe they get a few weeks of home vacation per year, but other than that, they're permanently on the road. More generally, these rules are all nice and well, but unless you are you going to give every person his or her own policeman to make sure that they follow them, people will keep stretching, bending and breaking the rules - of course, some (maybe even most?) behave responsibly, but the virus only needs a few who don't... Kudos to New Zealand, but I'll restate the obvious here: for this strategy it really helps if you're an island - not only with the initial implementation of the strategy, but also with staying virus-free once you reach that state. Because in NZ everyone who enters the country is registered and can be forced to follow the quarantine rules. By contrast, in the EU, we have land borders without border checks. Sure, people returning from another country should get a test and quarantine if it's positive - but does anyone know who travelled where and is required to get a test? No... A small anecdotal example of why this complicates fighting the pandemic: during the first wave, eastern Germany got off relatively easy, with few cases. Czechia was even better, because they locked their borders and hardly had any cases initially. Then, during the summer/early autumn, Germany had the usual rules with masks, distancing, no large gatherings etc., while Czechia had much laxer/less-enforced rules. So guys from Germany would throw their bachelor party in Czechia, get infected and then infect everyone at their wedding a few days later. Which led not only to Czechia having a catastrophic number of cases in October, but also to eastern Germany (particularly Saxony) being hardest hit in the second wave. Well, that's easier said then done. First, you have lots of people living in one country and commuting to work over the border. Second, the economy is so integrated that closing the borders or even introducing border checks leads to major economic disruptions. Third, in democratic countries you'll have those pesky people asking you if all these limitations are really necessary and not an undue restriction of their constitutional rights, so it will probably end up before the supreme court... The basic problem i see with "Get to Zero" is that it's an extreme position, and politicians always tend to find a compromise in everything they do. So unless you can get everyone to agree to this goal, it's simply not realistic in a democracy, regardless of the scientific merit. As a complete outsider - ok, I'm a developer, but I haven't had the pleasure (?) of writing something that interfaces directly with Xorg yet - I have been reading for years about Wayland being the way forward and how Xorg is dragged down by a long history of dubious design decisions and features nobody needs anymore, and I was secretly wondering: if this is really the future of desktop Linux, why doesn't it gain more momentum? This post is a bit too ranty for its own good, but it has a valid point, and one that is unfortunately common in the open source community: because you have no monetary obligation to your "customers" (=users), there's not really a lot that forces you to maintain backwards compatibility. And because a Linux distro is made up of thousands of applications, many of them not in active development anymore, changing such a fundamental component (without providing a "compatibility layer", which I have no idea if it would be even possible) will break a lot of applications that may never be "fixed". Ironically, the author of dpi.lv ( https://lea.verou.me/ ) doesn't even bother to have a "desktop-friendly" site. On desktop everything (font, header, images, buttons) is huge and ~50% of the vertical space is wasted. Not the best calling card for someone living "at the bleeding edge of web standards". Or maybe it looks Ok if you view it on a Mac? That's my point, it looks (probably?) great on mobile, but on desktop it's a mess. Maybe that's what they mean by "bleeding edge" - only that it's the eyes of some of the users doing the bleeding... Cool, that's the theme WordPress recommended to use as default in 2020? Maybe I should ask them to buy me a Hi-DPI monitor... that would display a bit more content, but actually I'm afraid the lonely column of text in the middle of the screen would look even worse. Yeah, that quote is management hyperbole at its best. I wouldn't even call what Amazon does "invention", maybe "innovation" - but Ok, you have to call it "invention" if you want to patent it, like the (in)famous "one-click patent". > 1-click was hardly an "invention" IMO Well, it is according to the US Patent Office ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1-Click#Patent ), and unfortunately that's the only opinion that counts in this case (at least as far as the US is concerned) Agree, but these are not just demoscene fonts, for example I also found the fonts from the original Lemmings game(s) ( https://github.com/ianhan/BitmapFonts/blob/main/lemblue.png ) which were of course part of a commercial project. But as the games themselves are available as "abandonware" on various sites and Sony (who is sitting on the rights to the Lemmings franchise and not doing much with it) hasn't objected to that yet, I wouldn't worry too much... I think I kind of understand what you mean, but your similes don't really make sense. Far too old to be a Twitterer? Donald Trump would beg to differ. Quake (1996) and Half-Life (1998) are also not far enough apart to be generation-defining. In the end, if you fail to be accepted by a community, you can always find reasons for it, but you can never be sure if you're correct about them... BTW, I find this (mostly) American tendency to divvy up people into strict categories by their age very strange: boomers, gen. X/Y/Z, millennials etc., each with their own stereotypes. Which leads to even more alienation when people look at these (and other) stereotypes and think that they don't fit in because they don't recognize themselves in them. Of course they don't, because every person is unique! App review... maybe? But the review (especially on Android) would have to be much more careful than it is nowadays... > Of course, that wasn't scalable. As opposed to this approach? I have my doubts. Of course, if you are a developer that's very important to the company, you may have the clout to push this through (which may then be perceived as a privilege given to you by colleagues: "ah, so-and-so is so important that he gets his undisturbed time, and we others have to schedule our meetings around him"), but what if everyone would be given the right to block off large portions of their calendar as they please? That would make it almost impossible to schedule meetings with a significant number of participants. For this to work, it would have to be embraced company-wide, e.g. a policy of "no meetings on Wednesdays and Fridays". Having customers involved further complicates things... Yup... I mean, you wouldn't keep a wolf around your house either, but dogs (if well-trained and with responsible owners) are usually no problem. So who knows, if humans would breed and train chimps (gorillas are too big) the same way as dogs, in time they probably could be "integrated" into society. Of course, that would bring with it a whole new set of moral issues... Not 100%, but it takes orders of magnitude more motivation (and a nuclear program that would threaten your country if it were successful undoubtedly provides that) to accomplish... Cool! That inspired me to try to generate such a rendering myself, but googling it is not as easy as it seems. Sure, there is an article on Wikipedia about " https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Order-6_hexagonal_tiling ", about a "regular tiling of the hyperbolic plane" with hexagons, but the hexagons themselves in that tiling aren't regular... EDIT: that might be because they're not hexagons, they're heptagons ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heptagonal_tiling ). Duh... Maybe I'm a minority here, but I already used an alternative color scheme with beige backgrounds and dark red title bars (I think it was called "Brick") on Windows 95 because the various shades of grey looked too dreary for my taste. So I was happy to see that Windows XP kept the beige background and never looked back. Plus, under Windows XP an application that popped up with the "classic" styling was a red flag indicating that the developers didn't know how (or didn't care) to include a manifest file/resource to activate the "XP-style" controls... Sure, you could even argue that PHP was a success despite the PHP language (which was, in the beginning, only a cobbled-together templating language, and then, to Rasmus Lerdorf's dismay, people started to implement their backend logic in the templating language), and Python could have done it, but, well, they didn't... Yeah... I'll try to write down my thoughts while using this website: "Ah, an app for designing sprites? Cool, where are the screenshots? Maybe I can try the navigation? Ah, it's a single-page site, do I really need a navigation bar to jump to the individual paragraphs of text on this very short page? BTW, it's called "libre", so where's the source code? Ah, must be the GitHub icon under "social networks", riiiiight..." Don't get me wrong, I'm a developer myself, and this looks exactly like the info page I might build for a project - it's a nice page, but it has some UX issues which you only notice if you look at it from a user's perspective. Mozilla also played a big part in this foundation being necessary after it laid off most of its employees involved in Rust last year. The foundation is a good idea of course, but they could have handled it better, e.g. setting up the foundation first, so that the Rust developers could transition to it without the disturbance and bad PR generated by the layoffs? It's not that Mozilla is so cash-strapped that it had to get rid of them immediately (at least not as far as I know)? Or was this the kind of drastic action some parents have to take in order to get their kids to finally move out? Yeah, (re)reading that reinforces my opinion that Rust is better off being supported by a foundation - provided of course that the foundation is better managed than Mozilla... Yeah, of course a Big Tech company would rather employ a developer and allow them to contribute to Rust (and influence its development in the direction of the company they work for) than donate money to the foundation so that it can pay developers. Silly me... Yeah, guess that the Wikimedia guys are not adepts of the "name and shame" method. Although it would be entirely justified in this case, and stop people trying to guess it and implicating the wrong app... It's usually not a good idea to explain a joke, and I'm not the GP so I'm not sure that's what they meant, but "plant" has multiple meanings, and I suspect they are referring to meanings 3 to 5 from this list: https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/americ... . Basically, you were asking for some kind of elaborate meaning to a random image downloaded by a random app, and they provided an elaborate conspiracy theory to match your question... Ah, so it's "bookmaking" as in "making books", as opposed to what the people usually referred to as "bookmakers" do... good to know! Great writeup, and also thoroughly answers the first question that popped into my mind: "how on earth could a bug in the Linux network stack that causes the whole data transfer to get stuck stay undiscovered for so long?" Although Marie Curie probably wouldn't object to other female scientists being honoured: https://xkcd.com/896/ That period of time between 5 and 9 the next morning is actually there for the mental break you mentioned before. I'm not advocating a very strict separation between work and free time, but if the line between the two blurs too much (made easier by home office), your work might completely invade your free time, which isn't good either... Yeah, they could , but why would they? There are lots of less controversial fields to invest in... Well, that's the question then: whether the globally negative effect of eradicating trees which bind CO2 isn't worse than the local positive effect of "trampling the snow [which] will result in a stronger cooling of the ground". My completely unqualified gut feeling: if the climate warms enough, no amount of trampling will save the permafrost... Errr, the article you're quoting says: > Tundra vegetation is composed of dwarf shrubs, sedges and grasses, mosses, and lichens. So, they want to replace grassland with... grassland (maybe with less shrubs)? Yup... when Embarcadero bought Delphi from Borland in 2010, the pricing scheme and lack of a "community version" made it clear that they were considering it a "cash cow" and weren't putting a priority on expanding its market share. Providing a free version now is a bit late. Delphi is still unmatched if you want to quickly build a GUI application, but the Delphi language itself feels a bit too dated to attract new developers - and I'm saying this as someone who has used Delphi in my "day job" for ~ ten years and as a hobby for even longer, but around 2010 I kinda drifted away from it. Now, if someone would take the GUI designer of Lazarus and pair it with, say, the Go language (which, although it's not obvious, has a lot of Pascal-family DNA in it, and badly lacks a good GUI story), that might be an interesting proposition... Well, the concept of the original Lemmings games only works with a mouse-based interface which enables you to (more or less) precisely pick out one Lemming out of the crowd you have milling around on your screen. But there are a few good "save-em-up" games (as the category created by Lemmings was sometimes called in the nineties) for Android. The one I enjoyed most was World of Goo - however I don't recommend playing it on a phone, and it probably also is more enjoyable on a PC with a mouse... Thanks for the recommendations! I already played Spirits, it's really nicely done, adds something original and works well with a touch interface. Of course I also tried Pingus, but while it's a perfectly competent Lemmings clone, when you play it you realise that Lemmings was about more than the novel concept - the whole package of animation, music, sound effects, the humour etc. was far more compelling than in Pingus (for my taste of course). I would also add "World of Goo" to the list, in case anybody missed it. Ah, Lemmings... one of my favourite games of all time! It's rare that you get to play a game that defines a whole new genre. One interesting tidbit I didn't read about before was that the music that made it into the game was actually a last-minute stopgap after they noticed that the original tracks could get them into legal trouble. For that, the music was amazingly good (at least on the Amiga)! Makes you realise there were some really talented people working on this game... > Your product manager appreciate your work. Your engineering manager is engaging the team. Your peers enjoy working together. Your users love your product. Your business loves the adoption. What company did he have in mind when writing this? And where can I apply for a job? Do you mean the repetitive strain on your patience caused by long compile times? The distance between the plants is not the point - the point is that the Ignalina plant was in a sparsely populated area ~150 km from Vilnius (and subject to EU regulations), while the new plant is only ~60 km from Vilnius (and subject to Belarusian regulations). > VVER power stations have been mostly installed in Russia and the former Soviet Union, but also in China, Czech Republic, Finland, Germany, Hungary, Slovakia, Bulgaria, India, and Iran. Not sure about the other ones, but the ones in (East) Germany were decomissioned presto after reunification: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greifswald_Nuclear_Power_Plant Yeah, they are currently decommissioning all West German nuclear plants (initially announced by the Social-Democrat/Green government before 2005, then delayed by the Christian-Democrat/Social-Democrat government, then finally set to 2022 after Fukushima), but this is much later than 1990, when the Greifswald plant was decommissioned. Of course, that was only 4 years after Chernobyl, that may help explain the decision... I agree it sounds like a joke, but when someone starts making death threats because of these misguided conclusions, it stops being funny... The page doesn't contain a lot of information, but still it manages to contradict itself: - upper left corner: "I am Jeff Bezos" - middle: "see how much $$$ I earn while you are looking at this page" - lower right corner: "buy me a coffee" [EDIT] Note to self: if I ever do something like this and want to collect donations for it, pick a project where I'm not pretending be one of the world's richest persons :) Yeah, that's one of my pet peeves too for anything displaying columns of numbers, or a changing number. I heard of "font-variant-numeric: tabular-nums", but is there actually any reason for font designers to not make all numbers the same width by default? For me it's clearly a case of "aesthetics over functionality"... Sorry if my comment sounds overly critical, I edited it now to try to tone it down... I was only talking about numbers , where this issue only applies to the "1" - all other numbers take up more or less the same space. ...however the exact type of engine Boeing is using for the 777 (PW4000-112 - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pratt_%26_Whitney_PW4000#PW400... ) is not used by any other airliner. I'm no expert, but as the most powerful -112 version has almost twice the thrust of the -94 version, I wouldn't automatically conclude that problems with one type mean that there are also problems with the other types. OTOH, if they take a closer look at the 777 engines and find a lot with problems that went undetected until now, I assume the other PW4000 engines will get a closer inspection as well... I'm wondering if there isn't a business model in this: couldn't the inmates (or their families) hire some law firm that calculates the correct release date and sues the state to get a hefty compensation for every day the inmates serve longer than they should? That would turn around the incentives... First vinyl records, then fountain pens... out with the new, in with the old! But why stop at fountain pens, why not use dip pens, those are even more stylish and minimalistic, kinda like a fixie bicycle? Or why not go all in and use a quill? Fortunately I'm not in danger to succumb to this particular trend, I'm left-handed, so I hate fountain pens... I think the only actual reason why the power frequency has to be precise is so all the power plants can be synchronized. But in an emergency situation, you don't really care if it's 60 or 65 Hz... As long as the bugfix is at least in a commit of its own so it can be cherry-picked into another branch if needed, that should work too... The difference being that you can choose to take out a loan and buy a house, but you can't really choose not to pay rent (unless you want to be homeless of course, but that's not an option I would recommend to anyone) Excuse me, but if a libertarian website tries to paint the landlords as victims by giving some extreme (but still anecdotal) examples, I'll take that with a grain of salt. Especially the first example: > Gao discovered that one of his former tenants had given her keys to a friend who had moved in without permission. Gao has never met the squatter now living in his house and is afraid to contact this person out of fear that he'll be sued for harassment. So it's not that the tenants were forced to stop paying rent, someone who doesn't even have a rental agreement has simply moved in, so the landlord would have every right to get them evicted, but chooses not to for... reasons?! If you mean that autocomplete saves you less typing in other languages, I agree, but as long as it's a language with methods (where you're not always sure how the method you want to use is called) and parameters (where you're not always sure about the order), autocomplete is helpful. Of course, if you're a rockstar ninja genius who has every single method of every single class memorized, you're not gonna need it, but us mere mortals appreciate it... Not only in the UK... in Germany, REWE (just an example) has eight (!) own brands for food (plus some others for non-food), some "niche", some general ( https://www.rewe.de/marken/ ): - "ja!" is the cheapest of the bunch, with very simple design (until quite recently the packaging was mostly white with blue and red print, no colour photos or other fancy design elements) - "REWE Beste Wahl" ("Best Choice") is the "classier" own brand, with nicer design - "REWE Regional" for regional products - "REWE Bio" for organic foods - "REWE Feine Welt" ("Delicious World") for own-brand delicacies - "REWE to go" for "convenience" products - "REWE frei von" ("free of") for lactose- and gluten-free products - "Wilhelm Brandenburg" for meat products Wait a minute... "Good & Gather"?! I feel there's some wordplay/pun I'm missing here... That's taking a page from the discounters' book: they (mostly) only have own brands, so to keep things from becoming boring they merrily make up brands all over the place. ALDI for example has 23 listed here ( https://www.aldi-sued.de/de/produkte/marken-bei-aldi-sued/ei... ), but I'm not sure if that's really all... Ok... I'll play devil's advocate here: genocide (quoting Wikipedia) "is the intentional action to destroy a people—usually defined as an ethnic, national, racial, or religious group—in whole or in part" - meaning physically killing them. What China is doing (forced reeducation, mass surveillance etc.) is of course worthy of condemnation, but calling it "genocide" goes too far in my opinion, and diminishes the real genocides of the past. There are enough holocaust deniers already (not to mention the other skeletons that countries like Turkey would like to keep in their closets). If this "Uighur genocide" is not actually as bad as it sounds, it'll make it even easier to say that the Shoah or other genocides weren't such a big deal either... This article is primarily about the date format , and that doesn't have anything to do with the timezone, so it's a bit unfair to hold time zone issues against it. Some issues are also self-made because people (including people who write libraries, frameworks etc.) choose to store a date (e.g. somebody's birthday) as a datetime...