To participate, you can donate here: https://givedirectly.org/give-basic-income (They're also listing fee-less Alternative Donation Options there, but I can't quite figure out how to use those to donate to this specific experiment.) I mean... AirBnB or Uber? If some of them set up schools or other things that benefit the local community as a whole, wouldn't that be far better than someone developing some app or something and probably moving to the West and earn shitloads of money? Depends on how casual :P But probably not. (Edit: Note: I mean you don't _have_ to. You might like the performance increase, but if you only use it casually, even that might not be worth the trouble.) Not perfect, but: https://whispersystems.org/blog/signal-desktop/ React's virtual DOM has a far smaller performance impact than the web components polyfills have... Matching Firefox in functionality is quite an undertaking, so for the short to mid term, the former is far more likely to be successful. That said, I think Servo has a bright future ahead as well, even before the long term. For example, matching the functionality of embedded rendering engines for hybrid apps is far more likely, and Servo has its speed as a major advantage over the competition. And who knows, it might make it into Firefox for Android :) > Good journals, in theory, are more selective about what they publish It should be noted that this selectivity is not just on quality, but also e.g. on how "groundbreaking" the results are. This results in papers in top journals actually being retracted more often than in others, since they're more likely to be false. Because there are more than a single one :) Obligatory: https://xkcd.com/927/ I wonder if, in a year or two, this will affect the Impact Factor of these journals - i.e. will their articles be cited less often now academics have (theoretically) no access to it? And then a few years later, will this the number of articles submitted drop as well? (Assuming, of course, that no agreement will be reached at all.) By boycotting? I think I dislike underworking as much as overworking. If they get to "as good as", they have the advantage of being open source. This could convince _some_ projects. Next step: make it open http://www.hackertyper.com/ I do seem to recall that processing happens locally, which would give it an edge over at least Google Now (and possibly Siri, as I don't know how that works). In my case, it's "I'm not uneasy about thinking about what happens to my body after I'm dead, but I'm uneasy about 'tricking' people who might actually be uneasy about it". Where I think "I'm uneasy" is understating a feeling of which you might not understand the intensity if you're not feeling it that way. Work is an especially odd situation as "your way" is not necessarily to benefit you. Oftentimes, you both have the same goal ("what's best for the company"), but you disagree on how to reach that ("A is best" vs "B is best"). Once you realise and agree on that, conflicts become easier to resolve. > Hell, I can't even use the terminal for a single session without accidentally triggering the App Launcher several times. Pretty sure that has to do with you being used to different keyboard shortcuts, not with any inherent properties of the terminal app. I'm currently experiencing this the other way around (working on OS X being used to Ubuntu), and struggling with it as well. Reading the Netflix engineering blog now and then, I do appreciate how many of their engineering decisions also take into account the effect it will have on their colleagues, i.e. "does this change affect how quickly/independently our engineers can do stuff"? I think I usually get full articles, but also _all_ comment replies by that author. That gets old quickly as well. Set DuckDuckGo as your default search engine and you don't even need to do any configuring. You can then just type `!wiki India` or `!gi birds` or any other !bang: https://duckduckgo.com/bang - It allows you to easily delete a line without needing to also modify the line before. - It also makes your diffs cleaner. With the latter, if you add a line, you'll also have to inspect the `radius: Float` line when doing a code review, even though it only added a comma. I see what you're saying, but since I really strongly think my being skeptical guards me from missing falsehoods regardless, I'm not going to take this. > How would a typical user know that? I think that's basically the main problem: there is no way to get a typical user to understand security implications of anything without having that user give up before reaching that point... "Someone I know" Sorry, it was a joke, but guess I didn't layer it on thick enough - I was exactly demonstrating your point :P I think machine learning applied to health care is how we will finally be convinced to take implants that monitor us and upload data about our bodily functioning to the cloud. Spectacle does so as well: http://formidable.com/open-source/spectacle/ When presenting code, Spectacle [1] i.c.w. spectacle-code-slide [2] is pretty sweet, although a bit messy to set up (but that's true for revealjs as well). [1] http://formidable.com/open-source/spectacle/ [2] https://github.com/thejameskyle/spectacle-code-slide > after even a few moments of consideration While your general point might be right, this is an unfair implication. They've gave it plenty of consideration, considered with many, many people, and did so all in the open: https://blog.mozilla.org/opendesign/ They've tested it with "regular" people that fall into their target audience, so it probably works well enough for that. https://blog.mozilla.org/opendesign/ They did do focus groups, apparently your concern wasn't actually a problem: https://blog.mozilla.org/opendesign/ Excellent overview. I wonder if the author also had a reason for skipping tslint, other than perhaps not knowing about it? Edit: Also, why do fewer and fewer sites have an RSS feed? :( Well, it's about as accurate as calling Apple and Facebook "unstoppable juggernauts". You decide how accurate that is :) Nice article. One question though: > Perform a second ‘validation’ test repeating your original test to check that the effect is real Isn't this just the same as taking a larger sample size? So basically, it means waiting a while before performing the test again? Since "larger sample size" mostly just means "keep the test running for longer", so the difference is that in that case, the "second" test is very close in time to the "first" test? So what would the conclusions be in the two-test and large-test case? My assumption would be that if one of the two tests would fail, then the correlation in a large test would also have been so low as to mean no effect? Right, thanks. And am I correct in thinking that your final sentence before the parentheses means that two medium tests are worse, because you don't want to filter out likely failures? > be mad at the widgets, not the pushing-you-to-not-be-awful I think the point was: be mad at both :) > This shit is important for increasing investor confidence in countries with nascent court systems and political systems used to corruption and nepotism. Isn't it up to a country to make itself attractive to investors, i.e. by not pulling all that shit? Maybe an algorithm that ranks based on number of unique contributors in the past month or so? I would guess the Elm is used more often than Scala.js. But then again, I have no data :) I think the more likely explanation is that Google withdrew* once it became clear that Chrome was far more popular. This same event led Mozilla to do some soul-searching (aka user surveys, etc.) as to why they were losing users, and what their USP was compared to Google - privacy is one of them. * Note that "withdrew" might also mean "offered less money than before because Firefox had less users than before, and Yahoo! offering more. In case your comment reminds others: https://donate.mozilla.org/ :) https://xkcd.com/1172/ Yeah, I use XPrivacy, but this makes it really hard to know which things I should allow and which I shouldn't... Additionally, if you really want to get productive, you'll also need to get to know which libraries/frameworks to use, and how to use them (idiomatically). This is the most time-consuming tasks, I think. If people entered their good passwords on your site without noticing that it was unencrypted, then great, they should now consider that password compromised... As a user, as soon as I notice it's unencrypted, I'm _going_ assume the password is also probably not encrypted nor salted, and other users will probably have done so. (Of course, even better would be a different password per site, but...) Hmm, so let's say I'm hosting my static files on S3. I've currently got CloudFlare setup in front of it but that apparently doesn't help. Anything I can do other than not using S3? You could not uninstall IE, but at least you could install Firefox on Windows. You can't use any truly different browser than Safari on iOS, so until that's possible, I'm hating on it as much on iOS as I hated on IE on Windows. Even if it's lagging behind less than IE did, I still strongly dislike being at Apple's mercy rather than the users'. Still not supported by IE, I'm afraid :( It's surprising he got away with the term "webmasters". Right, so I've currently got CloudFront in front of it, but doesn't that move the problem? Now the connection between CloudFront and S3 is unencrypted. (I'm probably understanding this wrong, but I'd like to understand why.) I do think learning React taught me a lot of fundamentals. I think the idea is that this isn't used directly - although of course, we'll have to see that it won't. The mindset is that of the Extensible Web: https://extensiblewebmanifesto.org/ Basically, a lot of work is currently being done on WebAssembly and wasm.js. This means that languages will be compiled for browsers, and some of those will need/want parallelism. The question is: what do they need for that? Shared buffers allow for constructs to be built on top to explore what primitives are needed for parallelism for compiler targets. Heh, while I see your point to some extent, you can't really argue there's any (popular) browser that does this better than Firefox :) Why include Mozilla in those parentheses? The disadvantage is that if your rewrite branch is halfway finished, you _can_ merge in the latest main branch, but if you do the reverse (which is exactly as much effort), you're blocking the other developers until your rewrite is done. I think that in this case both are possible, since the sentence can be interpreted to refer to either the percentage or the applications, as you point out. Take it with a grain of salt as I'm not a native speaker either, but non-native speakers are also often more conscious about grammar ;) Also note that every browser that supports grid also supports @supports: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@supports This means that you can start implementing it today for modern browsers, and then remove the old one once you are ready to ditch old browsers. SF projects should be about promoting openness though, so if "ease of governments" also means "making the government more transparent", that might be an option. Actually, if a browser did support grid but not @supports, wrapping your grid in @supports would result in the grid rules not being used. True, in that case you're screwed :) It's more like "I make binoculars, but so many of my potential buyers are in a walled garden that only allows them to see half as far as the rest of them". Because all websites with cool features like working offline don't have those features on the iPhone. Or at least, I hope this will soon be the case. Sadly, it not working on the iPhone will probably mean it's often not worth investing into at all. Note that GitLab is a for-profit company as well. It's just that it aligns better with the open source values. ...and keep it up (sorry, couldn't resist :P) > the guys you're entrusting with keeping your code safe. To add to the other replies: I'm not trusting them with keeping my code safe (everybody has copies on their own computers). I'm trusting them with facilitating my workflow, helping me collaborate, and also to keep my issues etc. safe. So yes, this can have a relatively large impact in terms of not being able to work as efficiently for a day and potentially losing some issues, but nowhere near as disastrous as losing all my code. > (I know the "real solution" is "use a frontend framework and write front-end-unit-tests instead", but usually you're writing the acceptance tests for something that already exists). Eh, GUI tests definitely have their place, although they can be far less specific than your unit tests. They're pretty great for quick and regular confidence checks. Anyway, TestCafe says it doesn't use Selenium, but I haven't tried that yet: https://testcafe.devexpress.com/ I very much agree to this. In fact, I'd consider Redux to be more the application of React's ideas to state management than an implementation of Flux: https://vincenttunru.com/A-short-history-of-Javascript-frame... It sounds like Vue is easier for the style of teams working at GitLab, where there are designers that mostly do the HTML+CSS. You might have a point about Postgres being faster than whatever NoSQL database, but there's really no need for all the name calling. Especially the "lazy" is very uncalled for in my opinion - there's just too much to learn, and too little time. If you're a 20-something (or whatever age, for that matter) and have to maintain the entire system of a single company, you're simply not going to be able to be a master of every part of the stack, or even know where you're making the wrong choices. > How is that a valid justification for reinventing the wheel, and poorly at that? I'm not talking about the people reinventing the wheel, I'm talking about the people using the reinvented wheels and not realising that it's a reinvented wheel. > try actually listening to older developers This is harder than you make it sound. On the internet, it's hard to know who to listen to, and in real life, it can be hard to find older developers working on something relevant to you, and even then their skill levels differ. And then they should even want to bother with holding your hand while you're setting up your first database, making sure you don't botch up the performance by not doing things that come natural for someone who's been working with PostgreSQL for years and years. So now I have a list of things I should learn according to a random person on the internet, that no one in real-life ever gave me before. How am I to know that this list is the one? Why not every similar list that has ever been given to me? And how am I going to develop the front-end of our new website after learning everything you named? There'll still be a lot left to learn before I can even hope to have produced something. Maybe you should actually visit a foreign country. It's quite nice here. Well, there's this: https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Server GitLab has this: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/push_rules/push_rules.html#preven... (enterprise edition, admittedly) That could very well be true; I hoped to have phrased my comment in a way that would bring across my uncertainty :) But if you only care about your apps, there's no real reason to run ReactOS. You'd also have to care about free or open source software. It's kind of odd that there's no Dutch version of this article (yet)... That said, I'm glad they're standing up for us. Hmm OK, then it's odd that I couldn't find it, but I guess I'm overestimating by browsing-fu :P Thanks! https://xkcd.com/1172/ I think it's more like customers always being able to display Yelp reviews for the restaurant they're currently standing in front of on their phones or AR glasses or whatever. Mozilla open sources everything, and has an open Internet as its mission? I'd trust them to do that with Pocket far more than Facebook with... Facebook. Luckily caching is not one of the two most difficult things in computer science :) Thanks for sharing, that was an incredible story. I still have warm feelings for the idea that the open map might -will- still win this. A whitelist is sure to get them anti-competitiveness suits, and rightly so. They're both undesirable, but a whitelist is easier to fight. I do wonder why, if they're _really_ fine with that, why they're not fine with browsers with different rendering engines on iOS. Since they're not, I wouldn't have _too much_ faith in other things not being rejected. They already have, to some extent. The only web browser (or, well, rendering engine) allowed on iOS is ones using the WebKit they provide. This is the reason is took ages for Firefox to appear on iOS, and even today isn't actually Firefox and thus can't make use of features usually in Firefox like supporting websites using CSS Grid, or WebAssembly, or Service Workers, or WebRTC, or... > Libraries and tooling can also be a barrier for new developers. I recently built a project using EcmaScript 7 (babel), only to later realize that our junior dev was getting stuck trying to figure out what it all meant. Huge toll on the team’s productivity. While I agree that libraries and tooling an be a barrier[1], I think getting junior devs up to speed with the (latest version of a) language is part of the toll you're accepting when hiring a junior. [1] Although this still holds true if you write the library yourself, so be reluctant in getting rid of libraries that save you more than they cost you. I think it's somewhat of a middle ground. What I think hampers your ability to understand code, next to not knowing what variable names are supposed to mean, is not being able to easily discern variables from eachother, making you do double-takes while reading and thus making it more difficult to understand. If your code is littered with variables like longAndMeaningful and longAndWithMeaning and lengthyAndMeaningful etc, that becomes really annoying to read. And of course, there's a difference between longAndMeaninful and reallyVeryLongWindedAndExplicitButOhSoMeaninful. And let's not start about the FactoryFactoryBuilderEtc thingies. For anyone else annoyed that there's no RSS feed: http://feed43.com/0475703031862353.xml I really hope the music industry isn't going that way as well... But then again, actually writing a code formatter does show quite some respect ;) The browser needn't directly send info to the server; it simply has to be available to client-side Javascript. That can then, in turn, send that info to the server, which (I think) is really hard for browsers to detect. It's interesting how OP says people are moving towards more functional-style Javascript, but also dismisses statically typed Javascript. The two work really well together. That's basically how people have been using email already. By itself it doesn't really have anything to do with it; they're solutions to completely different problems. (That said, I'm not quite sure what you mean by the "problem" of virtual DOM?) What _is_ interesting, though, is having your virtual DOM be the output of a reactive stream, and having a virtual DOM library use that to update the actual DOM. This is the approach Cycle.js takes: https://cycle.js.org/ I can understand if people think it's a fad, but I would expect people who _do_ like it to also like TypeScript :) That said, if someone thinks language designers from the past are idiots, then they also shouldn't like functional programming, as it's at least as old. 7% for Bing? That's huge! (Also, how about DuckDuckGo? I've got the (admittedly gut) feeling that it should at least outperform Ask and Excite.) Reader mode (also Firefox) will probably help as well. Yeah but neither do some of the other mentioned search engines. Apparently DDG just is even smaller than I thought. All the examples you mentioned were communicated pretty transparently in Bugzilla, developer blog posts and announcement blog posts. Just because you disagreed with them doesn't mean that the reasoning wasn't public and that you couldn't have contributed to it. For those who also didn't know: Daring Fireball is apparently a blog about Apple that is authored by jgruber: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Gruber#Daring_Fireball I still don't know how jgruber's comment is supposed to catch the sarcasm, but that's probably something going over my head as well. Edit: From another comment, apparently Daring Fireball is also largest platform to host Deck ads. So here's something I've never quite understood when reading about HATEOAS: > Without hypermedia, the clients would probably have to parse the payload to see if there are some kind of status and then evaluate that status to take a decision whether the order may or not be canceled. In the given example, wouldn't the client still need to check whether there actually is a `cancel` link (and know that it _can_ be there), and decide whether or not to call it? In other words, isn't it unavoidable that there's business logic in the clients? > rather more likely they have some plan for vendor lock-in I think given Canonical's track record, this is a really unfair accusation. Yes, they did not always invest all the effort to make things like Unity work on other distros as well, but the reason for that was always prioritisation of their time (no one else took up and kept up the porting task either), never of intending lock-in. Canonical (and Mark Shuttleworth) have given a lot to the free software community, and these are exactly the disingenuous accusations that have clearly and understandably affected Mark Shuttleworth personally. Yeah, I can't imagine that to be a fun job either... Or he's angry that people were all celebratory for him to stop an investment that he'd done in good faith to improve things. I was already starting to resign having to restrict my CI jobs to skip certain long-running but less-important tasks. But: > The CI usage cap only applies to private projects on GitLab.com. As part of our commitment to the open source community, our goal is to continue to offer unlimited minutes on public projects. Awesome :) Not just for Electron, but also for embedded webviews on Android. Especially considering how Servo seems to be mostly lagging behind in supporting all the tiny edge cases and workarounds necessary for older sites, but not necessarily for modern web apps built specifically for it. And then hopefully people will start to notice that some of those applications are much faster on Android than they are on iOS, and Apple will allow other webviews than WebKit on there. Mozilla is actually working on this for Firefox, and you can try it right now through their Test Pilot extension. I've been using it for a while now and it's pretty great: https://testpilot.firefox.com/experiments/containers That is really nice. There's not much sense in using it on non-Angular projects, as all it adds to Webdriver is stuff to work with Angular's digest cycle. Regular Webdriver should work just fine for writing tests in code as well, and you can use webdriver-manager [1] or selenium-standalone [2] to install Selenium and keep the drivers up-to-date. [1] https://www.npmjs.com/package/webdriver-manager [2] https://www.npmjs.com/package/selenium-standalone > In our current code base we have more workarounds for FF bugs than any other browser This can have several reasons. The one you're aiming at, "Firefox has more defects/divergences from the standards", is probably true to some extent. Another, also likely true, reason, is that your code base is dogfooded in Chrome, and hence, defects/divergences there are less likely to be noticed since they appear to be the standard/correct behaviour. And the same holds true for Safari (and other browsers) on iOS, I'm afraid. Then again, that probably won't be a matter of decades any more. And it's open source to boot! I came across the concept of "Chesterton's fence" a while ago here on Hacker News, which I really like: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Chesterton%27s_fence tl;dr Thunderbird will remain independent, but legally and fiscally be part of Mozilla (rather than e.g. The Document Foundation (of LibreOffice) or the SFC). Also of note: apparently Thunderbird is receiving enough donations, and has been for a while, to give faith that it will be able to manage just fine independently. Good news IMHO. Well, would you want something like this run by someone who has learned that lesson, or by someone who hasn't? :) That actually feels pretty good, and gives a far better impression than the static screenshots. Thanks for sharing! > An analogy would be if VSCode shipped with a fancy CodePlex dashboard by default Or, for example, a "Deploy to Azure" button... I think he means that the wiki is part of Allura, so it's more like a demo. You can try it directly, see here: https://forge-allura.apache.org/p/allura/git/ci/master/tree/ An example is a webmail client, where in offline mode you can schedule new emails to be sent as soon as you get online again, and where you can still read the emails you've read before. That's pretty sweet, especially because they do so without having to eject. Direct link: https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript-React-Starter > Another thing I've noticed is that many cyclists don't shift down before they stop. Heh, I even try not to stop at all, but to slow down a while before approaching the lights in hopes of them turning green before I reach them. Works relatively often. Unfortunately, more and more traffic lights in my town detect when there's someone waiting before changing to green, so you have to paddle all the way up to the light and then stop for a bit. Funny, I don't have personal experience with either, but I'm always reading that Google's customer service is abysmal (i.e. non-existent). But then, maybe you just haven't needed them yet. No problem, I use TS+React too and definitely support this becoming less of an oddity. Luckily, it's moving in that direction already, with e.g. Jest being far easier to use with TypeScript since Jest 20. There's one that I know of, but as usual, less developed. Still, probably worth checking out: https://mycroft.ai/ Yes, as far as I know, storage space is still limited, so you wouldn't want to be storing GBs of offline emails. I'm not sure how enforcing works nowadays - it used to be that old offline data would be culled (I think that was for AppCache), but that might work differently with Service Workers. That's awesome, I didn't even know that was a potentially viable route! Thanks for sharing :) Remaining: - Windows: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1355150 - Mac OS: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1355147 I think Germany is doing pretty well lately. As I saw it, that subreddit was mostly artificially increasing their visibility, and the measures introduced by the admins countered that. So I don't think they're actively trying to reduce the visibility of one political viewpoint, but rather to give it the visibility that is actually somewhat proportional to how much visibility users desire it to have. But it's a difficult problem. Isn't that pretty much what AMP is? IIRC, you don't need a separate version of the page with only AMP on it - Google's cache just extracts only the AMP parts of your page when caching. Or has this changed since I saw it? (And if so, why - that would probably also be an argument against your solution :) ) > You’re not limited to just tags: you can use commit hashes. Since tags, branches and `HEAD` are simply pointers to commits, it's good to know that you can interchange them and commits pretty much anywhere where you can use them (other than creating/deleting tags or branches, of course). As far as I know screenreaders can handle dynamic rendering just fine. Perhaps you just need to mark it as a live region? https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/A... > I hope Mozilla sees that. I hope they take credit, and move on to what's next: privacy and net neutrality. Our privacy is under attack, and Mozilla is one of the few companies that can (and would want to) help. Mozilla _is_ fighting that fight. See their posts here: https://blog.mozilla.org/netpolicy/ > a pre-alpha browser engine, which may or may not eventually replace the engine in a browser that is seriously declining in market share with no reversal in sight. There are other promising applications. For example, it could be used for web technologies-based applications (e.g. hybrid mobile apps, Electron, ...). > This is how cloud services work. > what would it take for you to be comfortable? Not OP, but: it would take for cloud services not to work this way. Regardless of whether Google is going to do anything with this data, the fact that tech-literate people aren't able to prevent just this from happening even when trying really hard makes one wonder how any one could avoid anything. Unfortunately that's quite a hard problem. I'm not saying this applies to Change.org as I hardly know it, but cutting corners doesn't necessarily lead to spending less money. Charities in general often have this problem of having to minimise "overhead" to remain in the public's favour, resulting in overqualified people wasting a lot of their time on e.g. simple administrative tasks because that way it doesn't count as overhead. There's so many ways it is being used, and many of it are seen as useful by consumers, I think. For example, better autocorrect/prediction of the next word you're going to type, smarter text selection, ... > But var, ==, type coercion and co still exist. They all have alternatives, and linters can help restrict you to those alternatives. As a developer, that makes it pretty doable. I presume you too can appreciate why they can't simply be removed. Isn't that exactly what `import()` is? It enables you to not package modules that your app's not using, preventing the dreaded "shipping x MB to your users". You can only do so _thanks to_ the new module system. From the Rollup website [1]: > Since this approach is based on explicit import and export statements, it is vastly more effective than simply running an automated minifier to detect unused variables in the compiled output code. [1] https://rollupjs.org/#tree-shaking > Such a basic feature! As a programmer, I really dislike remarks like this. There are so, so many features that are just as basic as that. All software will have features of this caliber that are not implemented, disregarding the thousands upon thousands of equivalently "basic" features that are. It's one of the browsers he uses. "Know thy enemy" and such :P That's stringly typed, right? That sounds like a huge downside to me compared to the not-so-huge downside of JSX. That said, I quite like hyperscript, especially in this form: https://github.com/ohanhi/hyperscript-helpers Luckily, if you care about letting the user opt-out, you can respect DoNotTrack: http://donottrack.us/ Then you should still be able to win if you're not using any Facebook patents on React. If you do (I have no idea if Facebook has relevant patents on React that would harm you), then consider your allowing Facebook to use your patents a fair deal with Facebook allowing you to use theirs. Maybe > h1(`oh hai ${name}`) is harder to read than > html` oh hai ${name} ` for some people, but even then your editor can understand that that is a function, can tell you when you've mistyped it, can autocomplete it for you, and can give you hints on what arguments it takes (since it has TypeScript definitions). And as a bonus for me, I also find the former easier to read than the latter, but that might just be getting used to it :) No, if you type > oh hai {name} your editor will complain :) > Given a choice, I think 8x4 would be more sensible in terms of benefits. It is, and I'm working 4*9 now which is great for my spare time and great for maintaining proper income/benefits. That said, I very much agree with the sentiment in the article: it feels like cheating the company. The extra hour a day is even less productive. That said, I don't really feel guilty as the option described in the post is not available here. Work is important to me, but my spare time more so. I'm willing to work on a compromise to optimise the two, but then both sides have to bring something to the table (e.g. pay cut from me, more time off from my employer). I always wonder what it is that these apps need that cannot be done as regular web apps, as the web platform has provided more and more controlled ways to break out of the browser sandbox. (This is not rethorical by the way.) I know, but it's a bit like I'm spreading the 4 hours I was "supposed" to do on the fifth day over the four other days, even though they'd be far more productive on the fifth. Since they're just static files, that should be pretty easy to do :) I don't really like the headline. I don't want Mozilla to "win", and I don't think Mozilla wants to either; I want the open web to flourish. That said, the article is very informative, and well-balanced. It was really good of Google and the other browsers to join the wasm bandwagon. And yes, although as the author himself points out, "proclaiming a "winner" is unimportant or even counterproductive", Mozilla does deserve a lot of credit here. > There is a hidden point being made which you would probably agree with. I do, that's the second part of my comment :) That said, I actually read the other headline, but just forgot. So much for my memory... Yeah I actually forgot that >. Mozilla focuses on thousand of other things instead of making FF a great browser. Mozilla focuses on thousand of other things in addition to on making FF a great browser. See project Quantum, WebExtensions (some would argue that it makes the browser worse, but the goal is undeniably to make it better), and Photon. Preferably to the website owner, optionally to Mozilla: https://testpilot.firefox.com/experiments/pulse I'm afraid pretty much every part in the pipeline of getting websites to your computer and shown on screen is a big giant hack of which it's a wonder that it even works at all, most of the time. A complaint you haven't seen, however, is lack of ES6 support - which means it's still baffling that there's so much focus on that. (That said, the complaint was always lack of WebRTC and ServiceWorker support.) In fact, Mozilla is working on that: https://testpilot.firefox.com/experiments/tracking-protectio... > We believe these additions will help us take the next step toward shipping Tracking Protection in Firefox beyond Private Browsing Mode. Look for that study in late 2017. I recently realised that any company taking on Google (e.g. Apple, Mozilla, ...) that is afraid they won't be able to take them on in areas like machine learning or sheer size, is realising, rightfully so, that being pro-privacy is the one thing they can compete on with Google that Google will never be able to imitate. Pretty sweet, actually. > You have a source for that? Well, same as yours: I've seen people ask for that on Hacker News in the past. Of course, there will also have been people asking about WebRTC :) My beef has mostly been with SW though. Of course, with many developers, there will always be some that have asked for one, and some for the other. I highly doubt that someone will chime in saying that they've seen people complaining about lack of ES6 support in Safari, though :) > Maybe there's something in the codebase blocking ServiceWorker. You just don't know. Assuming one thing is being neglected in favour of the other is a huge assumption. Yes, this is true. That's why it's mostly "baffling", i.e. I wonder if something like you described is actually the case, or whether it's a case of different priorities or something. Can't you just not use them if you don't want to, rather than wishing all other people wouldn't be able to use them either? Exactly, I think they figure that if they have to harvest data themselves and try to beat Google at its own game, they have a larger chance of losing than if they concede on quality by not harvesting data (as much), but try to offset that by being privacy-conscious. And yeah, perhaps they'll still be able to do a pretty decent job that might not give them too much of a disadvantage compared to Google. You often see, I think, that with a few years delay many machine learning advancements can be reproduced offline. For those interested: headless is coming to Firefox as well. https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1338004 I think what fooey meant (and what I agree with) is that what has changed now is that those apps exist at all: compared to ten or fifteen years ago, more apps are written now, they work better and on more platforms, and they are updated more frequently. Tools like Electron play a part in that. Sure, we could wish that more effort would be spent while producing just as much. Realistically, though, that's not going to happen, and that's not due to people being lazy. Yes, which is also what the version number communicates: http://semver.org/ Since it's not a major version and Node is pretty good about respecting semver, you can either relatively safely blindly upgrade within the major version, or not care that much about "falling behind". Meanwhile, the fast movement means that people with good use for the changes in this release have fast access to them. The minor improvements are the new backwards-compatible functionality, such as identifying Promise triggers or making fs.Stats times available as numbers. Otherwise yes, you'd be right. The previous major version update was in September 2016: https://nodejs.org/en/download/releases/ > Then try to speak to the public like you would speak to a good friend. I think this works better for some people than for others. When I speak to a good friend, often I'm rambling and not articulating clearly, and I often lose track of the point of my story. It happens far more often than I like that I fail to capture someone's interest, and I definitely don't want that to happen on stage. What makes it better than the other browsers for the average Joe other than being preinstalled on Android? Yeah the point is, it's not slightly - I even lose my friends' interest, and will fall silent 5 minutes later. I just read this on Wikipedia ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yes_(Unix)#Uses ): > In 2006, the yes command received publicity for being a means to test whether or not a user's MacBook is affected by the Intermittent Shutdown Syndrome. By running the yes command twice via Terminal under Mac OS X, users were able to max out their computer's CPU, and thus see if the failure was heat related. I actually consider myself to be pretty good at writing. I think it's mostly that it costs a lot of time and energy for me to articulate properly, to maintain social cues, etc., which leaves little for properly structuring a story. I hope/expect this to get better over time, but it definitely doesn't come naturally unfortunately. Or terrorists (for whatever definition of terrorist) feel they need to "step up their game". I'm already afraid for whatever gruesome thing ISIS is going to think up of next now that carving off someone's head is not considered gruesome enough for immediate media coverage anymore... One thing I (a Dutchman) noticed while in Copenhagen is that all the bicycles I saw were quite fancy! I spend less on bikes than I do on my shoes, and I don't spend a lot on shoes. Of course, you can splurge, but it's very doable to do what I do: buy a second-hand bike for about €50 every two years, and now and then spend a few Euro's on a repair kit to fix a flat tyre. (Or a few more to have someone do it.) > It turns out it's not feasible or desirable to just let arbitrary people make arbitrary queries. GraphQL/Relay and Falcor are trying to make it feasible. And I think it's definitely desirable from a consumer point of view, at least. I believe Schema.org uses (/can use?) linked data that e.g. Google can again use to provide more relevant information about your content: https://developers.google.com/schemas/ This (and basically most PWA's) could use RemoteStorage [1] perfectly, to be independent of Google. [1] https://remotestorage.io/ The reason I said "could" is because it needs a lot more adoption, which is holding it back because it's much less attractive due to lack of adoption. That said, I think the de facto (/only) option is https://5apps.com/ . I also recall that you were able to use Google Drive and Dropbox with the library, but I can't find info about that now... I don't have a 4G contract. It's much better than a dumb phone because I can actually see the messages I'm replying to, and many other features also come in handy, but there's no constant distraction. If my employer wants to pay me for spending time learning that stuff (and making newbie mistakes in their code), then I guess I can live with that. If they don't and still expect me to follow whatever their whim of the day is, then I'm glad I'm in an industry where I can safely say I'd need to look for another job then. I think the combination of introducing new features in a non-overlapping way with the ones they replace, and the use of linters to prevent you from using the old ones, is a pretty good way to improve the language without being affected by backwards compatibility. That's what Dart was supposed to be, in Google's eyes. The problem is both that it needs buy-in from all browser vendors (and the webdev community), and more importantly, that you'll now need to support both Javascript and the new language indefinitely. Especially considering that new mistakes will be made with the new language, and new quirks introduced, that doesn't sound that attractive. Yeah, I said that's what it _was_ supposed to be ;) I think someone on here recently suggested to a project that they provide an "enterprise subscription" or something like that with minor benefits to make it easier for businesses to justify (or maybe it made administration easier?) to "donate". You could suggest that to the maintainer, and then use that to convince business that you need that. No, the main point was that it's > significantly nicer to code for than DOM binding There are other ways to code this nicely, but _those_ are slower than virtual DOM. Real DOM _can_ indeed easily be faster, but that's not nearly as nice to program for. Yeah, we're agreeing :) "Real DOM" can be just as fast if you do all the work React does by hand, but it's bound to be a mess - resulting in the programmer making mistakes that makes it slower. > The first rule of eventsourcing is don't eventsource EVERYTHING. I've heard this rule so often now, but never what exactly it is that you _can_ safely event source. I'm afraid it's something you can only get a feeling for by doing it a few times and making mistakes, but that way of learning is hard to justify in real projects. > unlikely to face any substantial consequences for (at least publicly) standing up to the government Well, they could take a market hit if customers find out they've been acting contrary to their words. Does PHP have linters or something that force you to use the practices you described? I find in Javascript that works pretty well to restrict the language to a sane subset. I recall seeing a comment by reddit's CEO that the new mobile website saw 4x more engagement. That probably gives them the confidence that this will pay off. > See what the other side wants. It's a shame (but understandable) that we're only doing that once they start raping, torturing and killing... But apparently there are enough people who care about privacy for Apple to market to them, and they could lose those as customers if it turns out that marketing consisted of empty words. Funny, that's why I stopped wearing regular watches. I don't think I'll ever be able to go for a smartwatch. But then again, it might become accepted behaviour just like glancing at your phone during a conversation appears to have become. > speed, security, quality of the developer tools Coincidentally, all of the examples you mention have been a major focus for far more people within Mozilla than their experiments are, and improvements in these areas have really been noticeable if you've been using Firefox lately. I wonder which browser you're using, because there are plenty that come rather close to your definition (e.g. Midori), but odds are really high that you're not using them - because nobody is. Thing is, if Mozilla wants to stay relevant, it has to find out what users want and deliver that. These experiments are one way to do that. I really hope Mozilla take Servo and prop it up as an Electron competitor, as it might actually make a chance there and its incomplete compatibility with hacks used in the old days of the web are not that much of a problem there. Note that Hypothes.is notes are public. Lynx works and is fast. Those are accurate comments about Mozilla in the past, but you can't say development currently is bad when they're working exactly on what you say they should be working on (and some other things). Funny, I always interpreted it as Google lending the credibility of their name to whatever Kurzweil says. I guess it's a win-win for both of them. If anyone's interested, there's a brand of phones that's actively trying to change this: https://www.fairphone.com/en/ Contrary to other brands, they can actually try to fix it because they can also admit that this is an issue with their first two phones: because they're an awareness campaign as well, because they're documenting what issues they encounter and why it's so difficult, and because they want to be the trailblazer that figures out how to improve this situation, so other brands can copy their model. Given that this was merely a week ago and you had to write your own bindings, I'd wait a bit with your evaluation to see whether other annoyances come up. That productivity boost is not likely to remain that high :) Even if not at the history directly, commit messages are associated with the lines they edit. This provides great granular documentation: https://vincenttunru.com/assets/img/Commits-are-documentatio... (From my blog post about why history matters: https://vincenttunru.com/Spend-effort-on-your-Git-commits/ ) Here's one for the most basic ones, except staging: https://agripongit.vincenttunru.com/ (Disclaimer: I made that :) > 3. Saving time for pull requests. I tend to commit early and often, and when I'm in "the zone" on a fairly chunky bit of work that can mean quite a few commits! When it comes to peer review, some people like to do it by commit, rather than the finished output, so to help these guys out I squash commits where possible, since we use our pull requests to illustrate the problem we're solving anyway. I think an untarnished history is important, but sometimes a PR audit trail is more useful than what you'd get from pure commits. I think this is the most important one. Your commits are documentation for people reading your code, so whatever helps them is good. Which version of Firefox is that? It recently became much faster, and is set to see yet another improvement with version 57 (due in three months, I believe). This is supposedly a lot better with Firefox 55, released this week :) Yeah, I have a strong hunch that a ten-second startup time is due to restoring lots of tabs. Firefox has a reader view as well, and Tab Groups [1] can do the overview (as well as some other neat things), although that's going to stop working in three months... [1] https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tab-groups-pa... Alright, that's supposed to already be a lot better (although, as said, it will get even better). You might want to check about:support, and see what it says next to "Multiprocess Windows". If that's disabled, then you won't see the speedups from 54 (and it will usually give a hint about why it's disabled). I don't think that's Open Access under any definition of Open Access. I happen to be investigating how best to transition to Open Access, and coincidentally just today concerned myself with potential business models that does not involve individual authors paying thousands of dollars to publish. If anyone reading this has ideas or remarks, I'd love to hear them: https://medium.com/flockademic/towards-sustainable-funding-f... That sounds to be a better idea, but people say (and as an outsider, it does sound believable, I guess) that that's pretty much impossible - see for example [1]: > I regret to say that in reviewing perhaps a hundred grants or job applications and trying to find the ten grants to fund or one person to employ, I do not read every paper in the bibliography and assess the research on the basis of my limited understanding. I just don’t have the time or expertise to read and judge all the papers. [1] https://theconversation.com/why-i-disagree-with-nobel-laurea... Their scientists have careers that span beyond those universities, so "encouraging them to contribute" is easier said than done. (Also, their scientists have very diverse disciplines and thus many, many different journals to contribute to - so each individual journal still wouldn't have enough good scientists contributing to carry them.) > Maybe there could be a policy of only counting articles in open-access journals. Unfortunately it's not a policy, it's the easy option for those evaluating scientist, which is why they do it. Sometimes there's a policy to ignore the reputation (or actually, the flawed metric that's supposed to represent it called "Impact Factor"), but that's not widespread. Academics unfortunately have more to concern themselves with than spreading Open Access. That only works if the editorial board "flips", though - unfortunately, universities mostly aren't able to start journals with reputable editorial boards. I'm currently leaning towards finding a way to convince large numbers of boards to flip as the most viable path to proper open access. If you're really interested, The Guardian recently did a very good longread on it: https://www.theguardian.com/education/2017/jul/10/the-lucrat... The funny thing is that the EU has largely been pushing for more Open Access due to the Netherlands' EU presidency last year - the Netherlands was already taking the lead at that point. Then again, the way the Open Access transition appears to be taking place right now seems like it could end up creating really nice profit margins for companies like Elsevier again, so maybe that was their plan all along. That's actually what got me into React as well - I was initially going to try my hands at a then-alpha of Angular 2, but it couldn't work with SVG. I then decided that React would be nice to try for a hobby project, and there we are: https://agripongit.vincenttunru.com/ https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/add-on-compat... Then Ctrl+Shift+A. GP didn't say they had to force users to read them for 1 minute, but that they had to force users to read them for a length of time appropriate for the length of the ToS. In effect, this would make it harder for companies with lengthy ToS to attract users. I haven't been involved with this project for a while, but I am still following their mailinglist. Please note that there hasn't been a lot of development and hence the ratings are somewhat out-of-date. The main reason for this is that they need developers (preferably Ruby/RoR, but I guess they'd be open to others as well) to redevelop the rating system. They've actually got funds, so if anyone is looking for a side job on a project they appreciate, hit them up on their mailinglist: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/tosdr If they were cautious about attention, I don't think Elsevier would have sued Sci-Hub, as there was a major Streisand effect from that. Then again, Facebook isn't making IP claims against you for using React either. It's not about revenue flowing to Docker, it's about revenue no longer flowing to VMWare and thus VMWare having to act (by e.g. buying Docker). I'm not hopeful: > I don't need to explain why I don't have a private repo with my stuff. It is the software's concern NOT to destroy the integrity of a computer like a damn virus. You come here, see my despair and berate me for something that was not my fault, and has happened to a lot of other people? Fuck you. Can anyone explain if the patents license is anything more than "if you use our patents, we can use yours", or if that in itself is the thing that is offensive (and why)? I find that this is the most sane tactic as well. If you just limit yourself to frameworks with conceptual improvements (that _also_ show at least signs of substantial adoption, and preferably already are widely adopted), then the churn really is not that high. It used to be jQuery, then Angular around 2012, and now React. That's perfectly doable in terms of keeping up, at least as long as you're an actual front-end developer rather than someone who also has to do the front-end. (And perhaps it's less so when you're older and I'm one of those darned millenials now, but I wouldn't know.) Works fine for me on Firefox on Linux. Not a weak laptop though. But that has nothing to do with the IDE no longer being available, but merely as a cost-saver for you guys (I presume). Note that SauceLabs, Browserstack etc. will continue to work. This was just an extension that allowed you to create tests by click through your website rather than writing them by hand. Resulted in far brittler tests, but useful to some apparently. The 20% figure doesn't say that much - you'd need to know how many of the extensions used most often are ported. I can very much imagine there being a long tail of extensions that nobody uses. Also take into account how many Chrome extensions are ported over now that it's easy. For example, the only extension I use that won't get ported over is VimFx, but Vimium has now become available which does exactly the things I used VimFx for. Not a lawyer, but I can imagine it can be expected that you do some due diligence before installing it through npm - like checking the website whether their license allows you to use it, and on what terms. Apart from what others have mentioned about how the Polymer team contributes to the standard, as someone who's worked with Polymer, I think you're also painting a far too rose picture of Polymer, unfortunately. Although I don't expect it, I can imagine Mozilla delaying it a bit if they have reasonable belief most of those will be ported in a reasonable amount of time. That said, saying it's an administrative decision really misses the point. XUL support hampers performance, slows down Firefox development, and includes security issues. Those are serious reasons for moving away from them. They might not weigh up to the benefits to you, but you can't deny that they're there. I agree that that would probably fall into the same category as saying that you've read the terms and conditions. That said, the amount of dependencies you have locally installed is likely to be a multitude of the number you'd get if you'd exclude devDependencies, which I'm guessing don't count. As someone who knows nothing about this, I wonder (and hope) if this is helpful for UBPorts/Halium. https://ubports.com/ https://halium.org/ Do these same optimisations work well on non-V8 browsers as well, or have we completely given up on avoiding the browser monoculture again? Decentraleyes [1] does something like that, although it still fetches them from a common CDN. That said, I'm not sure how well it works: there are many, many different versions of every different library around, and when they're bundled, you don't get to see them separate anymore at all. [1] https://decentraleyes.org/ Note: "planning" means "reaching out for feedback about". Also interesting: the method they plan on using for anonymising this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Differential_privacy#Principle... If that is not sufficiently anonymous, then please submit the reasoning why to Mozilla. The linked Wikipedia page actually mentions that competition: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Differential_privacy#Netflix_P... Apart from Kiosk-style systems I think it might also work very well in an Electron-like setting. Supposedly, supporting only new development in the standards (i.e. without having workarounds for every quirk browsers have gathered over the years) is relatively easy, so if you could simply limit yourself to modern techniques to build Electron apps that perform better, that would be great. I'm not saying anything has no flaws, just that if it has, it would be nice if you would inform Mozilla about them. It's not even that not enough people are opting in, it's that the people opting in are "people that would opt-in", i.e. they match a certain profile that makes them not representative of the average user, and thus less good sources to draw conclusions from. Because presumably, the users who opt-in are tech-savvy users who actually read dialog windows presented to them, and thus behave very differently from the average user. The thing is, I think, that the users that opt-in to the collection aren't "a random sample", but rather "a sample of users biased towards certain profiles". I think it's good to annotate this with your other comment as to why Firefox has to join this competition, rather than just do it's think and disregard its marketshare: > A perfectly private browser with no marketshare doesn't help users. A completely compromised browser with 100% marketshare doesn't help users either. > Or get the data from a random sample of users. You don't need data from everyone. To my amateur ear, that actually sounds like a good compromise to lessen the blow somewhat more. You should suggest it to Mozilla :) In part, AFAIA (but I've only limited statistical training) this is a well known feature of voluntary datasets. But IIRC they've also done user studies and compared those. Huh, that's a rather interesting approach to building Web Components. I'll have to see if it gets anywhere, but the idea has potential, and feels like it avoids many of the pain points of Polymer (although I'm not quite sure yet which you'll get in return). In addition to providing more incentive for manipulation of result and flashy research, it also rewards researchers not for the contents of their research, but for where they manage to get it published. Especially the "top tier" journals place emphasis on noteworthiness, disincentivising e.g. replication studies, and often with a higher number of retractions [1]. It also means that the position of the traditional, subscription-based journals are cemented more, even though many funders are also aiming to transition to open access publishing. So overall, I guess I'm not that enthusiastic about this. [1] https://www.nature.com/news/why-high-profile-journals-have-m... Good to know is that odd minor releases by GIMP are, like GNOME's, considered unstable. In other words, 2.9.x could be seen as beta releases for 2.10 (which is why things like the parallel stuff might explode in your face). > “People don’t always like some of their PYMK suggestions, so one action people can take to control People You May Know is to ‘X’ out suggestions that they are uninterested in,” the spokesperson wrote via email. ...providing Facebook with one more datapoint. I tried to use Facebook while limiting the amount of data it could gather, but quickly realised that it's pretty much impossible. My current strategy is to add somewhat random datapoints, like hitting random keys and liking/attending those. Still, the results that come up that way are still pre-sorted by Facebook, and there's still a lot of high-quality data I provide Facebook with for them to deduct _a lot_. I guess it's just a simple step to make their work more difficult, having to also incorporate that their data might perhaps not be perfect. Same here. Heh, my girlfriend and I have been reading that to each other for about two years I think now. It's highly enjoyable, although a bit hard to follow when one falls asleep while the other is reading it. Note that this works in the latest release only on Linux - Windows and OS X support is coming in the next release in a few weeks. > Note you need to be running the beta version of firefox Also note that that's only the case on Windows and OS X (it's already released for Linux), and only as long as Firefox 56 hasn't been released yet :) I currently have setup two CI jobs running Webdriver.IO with different configurations (different in what browser is used). Locally I just run it on all installed browsers using selenium-assistant - not headless, because I want to see what's going on when running locally. (And yeah, cross-platform Edge would be nice for being able to test in CI without needing a third party.) Doesn't xvfb still just run an Xserver, simply without painting? Or do headless Chrome and Firefox still require an X server running too? Additionally, it's also possible to turn it on using the CLI flag `--headless`, if setting env vars is a concern. Oh, and additionally: passing options with a double dash doesn't work on Windows, so use `-headless` to be sure. This isn't another use case for it; you can still use Selenium with Firefox 57+. It's only the extension that allows you to generate Selenium scripts by performing the tasks you want it to execute manually that will no longer work, and no effort is invested in that because there are good enough alternatives. Exactly. I already think it's a shame that I can only run Firefox and Chrome in Docker (i.e. CI), but I hope that their differences will compensate enough to cover most potential problems in Edge and Safari. Instructions on how to try it right now (on Nightly): https://github.com/piroor/treestyletab/issues/1224#issuecomm... It's opt-in, and has also been acquired by a company building a privacy-focused browser (I think?). > How to even prove it was done? The effect could be small enough to turn an election but not large enough to be reliably measured from the outside. Facebook is still a company with many employees, and I'm quite sure even Mark Zuckerberg can't simply go rummaging in the code to favour himself. In other words, there will have to be (quite some) people in the know about this, which makes it likely to leak. ("Requiring many people to be in the know" is basically what convinces me of the impossibility of pretty much every conspiracy theory.) And the goal of the project is to significantly improve the performance of Firefox. This is both a blessing and a curse. I'm always afraid that I will read false or unreliable things, actually recognise it for what it is, but still have it linger in my brain enough that I will believe it in the future... Hmm, that's a good counterpoint I hadn't thought of. Guess I'll have to find a way to refine my conspiracy-detection sensors... That "sometimes" quickly breaks down when your application starts to grow beyond trivial. Some things that are rather application-specific like routing and dependency management don't quite compose well in the widget model. Or at least, Polymer at the moment doesn't have proper solutions to quite some edge cases that you'll be running into. One other Musk policy that sounded really well (I haven't experienced it actually implemented yet, but I try to keep myself to it) is to avoid non-common acronyms: https://twitter.com/davejohnson/status/602951117413216256 Starting at a company and having to come to grasp with tens of acronyms before even knowing what the thing they stand for does seriously harms your ramp-up speed, I think. Here you got me interested in this post hoping it would use JSX to introduce Pragma's and Macro's, turns out it just reiterates what JSX compiles down to... The Polymer philosophy appears to be more of "make everything a custom element", i.e. up to the entire app (e.g. " ", " ", " ", etc.). > That definition leaves room for what few would call science: self-publishing. (...) “No other field of science, other than taxonomy, is subject to allowing people to self-publish.” Actually, the sharing of non-peer-reviewed works (preprints) is fairly common in STEM, and is spreading to other disciplines [0]. The main difference is that they usually on to be peer-reviewed - although not always. That said, I'm not sure if the solution would be to only allow peer-reviewed work in the taxonomy, as defining what is proper peer review is difficult as well. For example, there are plenty of predatory journals that will arrange a rather symbolic peer review process for you as long as you pay. But it's an interesting problem, to say the least. [0] https://cos.io/about/news/six-new-preprint-services-join-gro... It allows them to see what you log in to and thus what services you use, much like Facebook can often do as well. (Although luckily I haven't seen that as the only option anywhere yet - that might not be the case for a system that everyone in one's target audience might be forced to use.) It's a shame that fewer and fewer sites offer feeds. Most of them still do, luckily, but I've had to dig up http://feed43.com about once every two months. Though I wasn't really aware that some feed readers could perhaps generate feeds automatically, I'll have to try that out sometime. Since we're going off-topic about QV here: am I correct in my understanding that you can _buy_ votes there? Because the obvious problem (because I'm probably missing something) with that would be that money is not as costly for some as it is for others? In other words, it'd lead to tyranny of the wealthy? One question that remains for me other than whether this is fair to groups with income , is: how do you decide which proposals to vote on? Otherwise, there'd be incentive to submit ridiculous proposals that greatly disadvantage the wealthy, who would then have to pony up to keep those proposals from being implemented. So it's a method of exchanging influence for money for poor people, and money for influence for rich people? Still doesn't sound that great... Anyway, I see it's been submitted separately :) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15206291 One question: could you have an RSS feed set up for the blog? Reason sounds interesting and something I'd like to stay up to date on until the time comes that I want to experiment with something and want to think of Reason, but without a feed to subscribe to I'm going to forget about it ;) If I understood it correctly, Mastodon is actually compatible with them (yay standard protocols), so it's more like their rebirth rather than one or the other having to "win" :) > people have searched around for obvious concepts and phrases involving the virtual dom, synthetic events, etc., and nothing has been found. Someone shared this one with me recently: https://www.google.com/patents/US20170221242 That said, if you're using React, I don't think you should be suing Facebook for using your patents - after all, you're using theirs. If you do want to do that, then by all means, skip React. How's the battery on those used phones? That feels like the main blocker for me. > So if they infringe on your patents you shouldn't sue them because they let you use some of their code? No, if it's really just "some code" to you, then you should simply not use it if you're really afraid that Facebook is infringing on your patents and that you will gain harm from that. However, if: - you're profiting a lot from either React, or other Facebook patents - you're not afraid that Facebook is infringing on your patents, or - Facebook infringing on your patents doesn't really harm you, just like you using Facebook's React patents doesn't really harm Facebook ...then you can just use React. And I believe one of the above holds for almost every React user. And I'm afraid I don't really care how patents are "supposed" to work - we've known for a long time already they don't work like they're supposed to.... Hmm OK, so I guess you just make sure you buy a phone with an easily replaceable battery then? Or is it that cheap when you have it done too? Am I correct in my understanding that this does still use Electron? (And if so, what is it used for?) True, but avoiding the production of new phones is one of the draws for me, and batteries that quickly run out one of the hurdles :) Mozilla comes to mind. And obtaining a battery? That sounds pretty difficult for a years-old phone of which the battery is not meant to be replaced... You can, but there's no easy way to discover them as far as I'm aware. As in, I've always made my own. > In my opinion, we learn much more by taking someone's existing result, thinking through the consequences and then designing well-powered experiments that probe the assumptions, mechanisms and applicability of the result. I think that, too, is considered replication by many. Doesn't that require a reddit account to comment? That sounds like a pretty large con to me... There's no such thing as "real" history - you don't commit every line of code you add or remove, or even every character. Rather, you choose some points in time to commit. For me, those are often arbitrary - I can't get something to work at a certain point, so I make a WIP commit with the buggy work at that point, and will come back to it the next day. Before I merge my branch back into master, though, I want my commit history to be useful. "This is the point where I went home or was disturbed that day" is not useful to future developers. "This is the work I did on this individual feature and everything that's needed to run it and to have the tests succeed is in this commit, and this was the reasoning behind what I did", however, is. In other words, I rebase to divide my codebase into non-arbitrary units of code, not based on chronology, but on what is useful together. Yeah I think my point was more that a blanket ban on rebasing is too rigorous. I agree that once you want to integrate B and C (or both into A), a merge is usually the best way to do it - and I think that's what TFA was actually referring to. It fails to consider the case, however, of rewriting B's history internally, not as a way of integrating with A or C, but as a way of making its commits clear. Afterwards, you'd still do a merge of A into B and then merging B back once you see that's successful. What do you mean by "floundering"? Not providing a lot of value? If so, I could agree, but otherwise, they're doing really well, and have about managed to co-opt the open access movement to ensure they maintain their ridiculous profit margins. IIRC it's about a dollar a piece. There's even more distinctions: is there an embargo or not, is it gratis or libre, pay-to-publish or not, and is the full journal open? Here's an overview: https://medium.com/flockademic/how-open-can-open-access-be-c... The title here and many comments are based on a misunderstanding: the article is not about _open access_ beating closed access, the article is about _piracy_ beating proper open access. The question is: we've spent so many years trying to make sure published research free to access, trying different models [1] to make it happen, with only very limited success. How come Sci-Hub is taking off so well, and what can we do to free articles from paywalls legally? [1] https://medium.com/flockademic/how-open-can-open-access-be-c... The author is asking how we'd be able to make Open Access happen through legal means - and yes, that's complicated [1], otherwise it'd been solved already. [1] https://medium.com/flockademic/the-vicious-cycle-of-scholarl... > So why aren’t there millions of publishers springing up Not millions, but there are a lot of tools [1]. Among them, quite some publishers that are relatively cheap, e.g. [2] [3] [4] to name a few. So yes, publishing costs money and that's often overlooked, but the current rates by many of the big publishers _are_ excessively high. And yes, the reason they manage to keep them that way is due to the Impact Factor [5], or in other words: not quality. (IF is considered a proxy of quality, but it's not quality itself.) Yes, gold OA has been making a lot of progress, but at what cost? It has resulted in the transfer of the extortionate practices that allows subscription costs to balloon, to publication costs. So rather than researchers at less-wealthy institutes (or not at institutes at all) being unable to access research, they're unable to publish their own. Is that better? Maybe, but in any case, not by a lot. That said, thank you for your perspective - it's great to be able to get out of the echo chamber sometimes. [1] https://101innovations.wordpress.com/2015/12/25/timeline-of-... [2] https://www.ubiquitypress.com/ [3] https://www.veruscript.com/ [4] https://www.openlibhums.org/ [5] https://medium.com/flockademic/the-ridiculous-number-that-ca... > prestigious publishers have an incentive to ensure that their studies are replicable If only. Prestige (or at least, a high Impact Factor) correlates somewhat with more retractions. Which is relatively straightforward to explain: "prestigious" is where people go with novel, exciting results that have a higher chance to be cited more often, but those are exactly the type of results that have more chance of being inaccurate, exaggerated, and just prone to regression to the mean. I don't think the author was "blaming". It's more like explanation the situation: in the end, it's authors who get to decide where to publish their work, even though they're influenced by external factors. I think it's unfair to assume ill intent on the part of the author of this article here. It's also rather easy, although outside of the scope of TFA, to consider why _reliance on_ Sci-Hub is a bad thing. First of all, it's illegal, and thus unstable. Who knows when it might disappear, but we better have a plan before then. Second of all, it's an unreliable service by itself, ran pretty much by a single person. How devastating that can be could recently be observed when she blocked access to everybody in Russia because she felt insulted by a few Russian researchers. Yes, it's great that some people have access now that otherwise wouldn't have, and who can use that access to do great things. But I think it's relatively straightforward that it would have been preferable if that access was provided directly by the publisher. (And the quote to which you replied "Why are they set against this" said that not enough articles have been made open - I think you'd like to see more open as well?) I'm most enthusiastic about OLH too, although I do believe that tools can _help_ there to have it take off. And I see where you're coming from with APCs, but that's not the model we're moving towards, I'm afraid. Rather, big publishers and governments are like appear to be going to the Big Deal route once again, meaning that APCs still don't align with the service being provided. There's always more to publish, and thus Big Deal APCs can again be somewhat arbitrarily raised, just like subscription costs were. That's what Mozilla Persona (not the theming system) was meant to be, but apparently people didn't care enough for it for websites to implement it. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mozilla_Persona In the exact scenario you describe, Andorra would spend just as much as it does today, but the American public would benefit from that as well. In the more likely scenario, Andorra will use the code funded by US citizens. I wasn't aware of Portier, but that looks excellent - thanks for sharing! > their desktop client is based on a dead technology (and limited to a single machine without SMS support) They're working on an Electron version (Chrome apps aren't dead yet, so they still have some time), and I'm using Signal Desktop on two machines. The infuriating thing is that Telegram makes it harder. Some of these have been convinced to give Telegram a try sometime in the past, some actually still use it and like it, but in any case: they believe that Telegram's privacy was good enough, and why would they give yet another app a try now? I can imagine that being some leftover from the days when he worked on WhatsApp integrating the Signal protocol, because he works for/leads Open Whisper Systems. If you're switching from WhatsApp to Telegram, you're actually going backwards in terms of privacy, so if that's what you were led to believe, you've been misled. No, one Android phone, two computers. I feel like the "let authors pay for copy-editing themselves, if needed" could be extended to typesetting as well. I can't imagine most manuscripts being _that_ hard to read in the author's format, especially not if they know that it might affect how often they get read/cited. Make profit margins of 30%-40%... [1] (And also sponsoring academic conferences and societies, etc. But mostly profit.) [1] https://www.theguardian.com/science/2017/jun/27/profitable-b... I often feel the same, although like you, I'm afraid it might have to do with my bias. The Scholarly Kitchen is an interesting place to catch up with the views of the publishers, but interactions like this and articles like most of Joe Esposito's don't really help with the image of "evil Elsevier et al"... Well, OK, there's more. For example, like the author relies on submitters delivering a properly typeset article (using LaTeX), traditional publishers often discard the original formatting, re-typeset it using an XML-based format that can then produce HTML and PDF outputs again (in the journal's branding). In this process they often introduce errors, and one can question whether it's actually necessary. Then again, the publishers are realising that themselves as well, and are more and more often relying on author-typesetting as well - which in that of course boosts their margins some more. Here's a good article on why it's hard to calculate per-article costs: http://cameronneylon.net/blog/pushing-costs-upstream-and-ris... But yes, prices are not a reflection of cost, but of how much publishers can ask. Unfortunately, given that publishers sell subscriptions in bulk ("Big Deals"), there's no downwards price pressure: if they add another journal to the deal, they can ask more money, without that leading to libraries cutting subscriptions elsewhere. There's no real pressure for APCs as well: authors want to publish in "reputable" journals, and don't pay the APCs themselves, so publishers are free to raise them quite considerably. Regardless of your opinion of it, it's not "dead technology" like Chrome apps are, i.e. apps written using it are not guaranteed to stop working at some point. But its deprecation hasn't been planned, and a binary you provide won't suddenly be upgraded and stop working. That is not the case for Chromium apps. Interesting, what makes their speed dial brilliant? Actually works well on Firefox 57 (soon to be released) as well :) (And those on older versions can use VimFx until 57 is released.) Same here, trying to avoid it as much as possible Google now mainly has my email and calendar. I feel like there should be a better option for calendar but I haven't been able to find it yet (probably because I use DDG :P), but sadly, the only thing with a better interface than Gmail is Google Inbox, so... I think it's important to focus on a goal you really care about, but at the same time: be open to other people who've chosen other goals, trust them that they're doing the right thing, and if you can help them with little effort, help them. If you're focusing on fixing one thing, but you can't get anyone to follow you, you're not going to accomplish anything. Doing the small and low-effort things that, together with other people doing the same, also improve the world - that's really underrated, in my opinion. Relevant to module publishing: Axel Rauschmayer's proposal for package authors to start packaging untranspiled code in addition to legacy Javascript: http://2ality.com/2017/06/pkg-esnext.html It's not about ad revenue, it's about people almost never taking the time to configure things they can configure, and that if you don't use configuration options, they are distracting/can cause bugs. > this service doesn't generate revenues for them (I'm assuming so, please correct me if I'm wrong). Considering that there are quite a few researchers working at Google, I can imagine that the fact that they have this tool available to them indirectly causes some revenue. (And also, goodwill in the academic community, i.e. a community of potential future employees.) 1. It's not a simply algorithm, but yes, page rank plays a role (using citations rather than, or in addition to, hyperlinks). 2. crossref.org has an API? Or do you want the actual papers included - because if so, open access needs to see significantly more uptake first. https://bicycledutch.wordpress.com/2016/01/05/motorway-remov... As a Dutch person who doesn't have/need a driver's license, I just learned to look before opening the door. That said, being offended by the name is a rather ridiculous response. (Especially considering the terms we're usually flattered with, such as "going Dutch", a "Dutch oven", etc.) > When your team is performing, the company profits. F Not if it does so at the cost of another team. That's a very narrow definition of education. If all I learned was what's in the curriculum, then maybe, but being around peers at the same level, being able to make mistakes (in the broad sense of the word) in a safe environment, getting to learn how people work... It's going to be quite a bumpy ride before we'll be able to properly replicate that online. More info about Firefox Quantum (aka Firefox 57) here: https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/quantum/ (Also appears to feature an updated logo.) I guess the reasoning is that there's still an Extended Support Release that is supported for quite a while still, which still supports the extension mechanism. If you really still need a specific extension, you can keep using that - and then once there's a new ESR, hopefully the extension will be available. If they hadn't deprecated the old extensions yet, the newest version would be pretty much the same as using the old version. This way, some people who don't rely on those extensions (I believe half of the users don't even run an extension at all?) can benefit from those improvements now, and you'll be able to do so later. Try out the beta and let us know! It mostly does now, I think: https://github.com/piroor/treestyletab/issues/1224 Or to port an existing Chrome extension, as they work similarly now. Oh haha, oops - I guess I just ignore banner-like images. They don't talk about it in this link, I just noticed it. I haven't encountered this, but it'd be great if you could report it: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/ Who knows, the fix might make it in time for the actual release. I guess it mostly comes down to "performance is difficult, and optimisations for one use case might cause regressions for another". Note, though, that there's still more to come [1]. Also, I guess the state of Servo can tell you what a tremendous effort rewriting is, and why that would still take quite a while to finish. [1] "Project Quantum: There’s more to come" at https://hacks.mozilla.org/2017/09/firefox-quantum-developer-... It doesn't yet, see the final paragraph here: https://hacks.mozilla.org/2017/09/firefox-quantum-developer-... Vimperator, unfortunately, appears to be one of the few extensions that can never be fully ported, as it made use of API's that implied a security risk. I think that's not possible yet (but soon): https://twitter.com/Sesivany/status/908628645299748865 That said, if you use GNOME Shell, the Pixel Saver extension is great for me: https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/723/pixel-saver/ It is! http://hacks.mozilla.org/2017/09/developer-edition-devtools-... Yes, but in VimFx's case it's more a matter of the developer not feeling like it considering Vimium is available, which for me has been a drop-in replacement of VimFx. I just assumed that as you mentioned Vimperator, you wanted the complete, somewhat more invasive, experience. Firefox's main selling point for many has always been that it's fighting for a free and open web. And simply "not being Google" (/Facebook, but they don't have a browser yet) still is a selling point as well. Haha, it sounds like you meant "from Chrome to Firefox" :) https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/multi-account... They actually very recently added a preference for this: https://dolske.files.wordpress.com/2017/09/searchprefs.png?w... > Mozilla has a trustworthy review system in place Note that they're switching the review system to a fully automated one (initially): https://blog.mozilla.org/addons/2017/09/21/review-wait-times... It's still supposed to be trustworthy though, but I'm guessing Chrome's similar. Note: I should correct this. It's not about the developer not feeling like it, but about him only wanting to do it without having to work around API limitations like Vimium had to: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1215061#c3 Dev edition is regular Firefox beta with some other defaults (theme, developer options). The only reason you might not want to use it is because the stability guarantees are less strong than for stable, but in practice, it probably runs stable enough. > it also now has "tab warm-up", which basically means that when you hover with your mouse over a tab, it already starts loading in that tab, so that it's instantly there when you click. They actually removed that again for now due to instability, IIRC it's slated to arrive in Firefox 58. Just not clicking the screenshot button is probably the least amount of effort ;) It says at the top: > Note: Firefox 57+58 users should Install from our latest GitHub Release [1] [1] https://outgoing.prod.mozaws.net/v1/dc0c83a8fa9601d8fa71a456... I think there's a bugreport where about half of users want it to open in the default container, and half in the same :P Ctrl+. as a shortcut allows you to pick a profile for a new tab, though, that might do for now. > To some less secure alternative simply because of stickers? I'm afraid you really can't rule that out, no. Do you have the Containers extension installed as well, and the toolbar button enabled? That's what it's bound to. I don't know of a way to list all keybindings. (Also, I didn't know about Cmd/Ctrl-Click. Nice!) People seem to report a modification of userChrome.css to hide the tab bar: https://github.com/piroor/treestyletab/issues/1224#issuecomm... As a Unity fan, the way GNOME's setup now allows me to keep pretty much my entire workflow as I was used to it. Clock? As in, the display of the time and date in the top bar? It's moved to the center of the bar with GNOME, but otherwise it's equivalent as far as I know? (And there's an extension to move it to the right.) Do you mean legislation abolishing net neutrality? Because AFAIA the point of net neutrality is that only the delivery of _all_ content is neutral. (Note that it's not the content that's supposed to be neutral, whatever that would mean, but the delivery.) Although I have no idea how an interface for something like this would look, it does sound like an excellent idea! Could you suggest it here if it has't been suggested yet? https://github.com/mozilla/multi-account-containers/issues I know they were struggling with a way to make this available to the users without being confusing. Making it an extension probably comes down to "we had no idea how to do that/only power users considered it useful, so an extension is a good compromise". In other words: if an extension is a good way to serve a significant part of a certain group of niche users (i.e. power users), they will probably properly maintain it but keep distributing it in this way. Oh, and about the API: they already had quite a few API's that weren't available in Chrome (e.g. the sidebar API). It will be interesting to see whether/how much they will be able to get standardised, and if they are willing to make breaking changes to the API if the W3C desires those to be made. That sounds rather arbitrary. In fact, most of the feature is implemented in browser code; what the extension does is expose a UI for it. "Lighter" isn't really properly defined, and it feels a bit like you're just principally opposed to code you don't personally use "being there", which I don't think is really productive if it doesn't really impact your use in another way. The equivalent feature you're probably looking for is Profiles, which have been in Firefox for ages already :) It's pretty similar to Chrome's. See about:profiles. Containers already are not shared between devices. I think for all intents and purposes it is the same, except perhaps for blocking trackers. As a default action, that would be rather unintuitive: you'd be logged out every time you open a new tab. It can be per-window: in about:profiles there's a "Launch profile in new browser" button underneath every profile. It sounds like you mean that people can redefine the word neutral to suit their use case? Because "net neutrality" is pretty well defined, and basically means "nobody should have the power to interfere with our communications". The government already has the power to apply law - what we're supposed to care about is what law they're applying, and whether those are good laws. I think the reason people are "oblivious" is basically because they're also (i.e. not only ) aware of the downside of the absence of regulation, and feel that those downsides outweigh those of regulation. And also good to know is that Firefox can do syncing just fine. > which I believe already include the speed improvements from 57+? Interestingly Firefox Focus uses WebKit (/Blink?), since that's what Android's webview provides. Firefox for Android should get the improvements around version 58 or 59. Also good to note, for people planning to stick with an older Firefox for as long as they can: Firefox 52 is an Extended Support Release, and as such will actually be actively supported until June next year. This will give WebExtensions some extra time to mature for more use cases: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/organizations/ That's actually there in Private Browsing (and I think you can enable it for regular browsing using about:config? But you'll have to search for that yourself), and Firefox Focus includes that by default as well I think. I believe they're not including it for regular Firefox by default because they don't want to piss off the content industry as long as there aren't enough viable alternative business models. I'm not sure what features of Vimperator you're using, but if it's only about being able to navigate through your keyboard only, try Vimium-FF: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/vimium-ff/?sr... > Anyone who thinks Vimium is anywhere nearly as polished as Vimperator probably never used the latter much. That's why I suggested it - apparently OP didn't use it that extensively :) Note that even if Chrome didn't have an API, that doesn't mean Firefox will never get it. For example, Vimium had to reimplement its own address bar, but I believe they're working on API's that will let it manipulate Firefox's. Reading over the technical description [1], I agree that this does not live up to the standards I expect from Mozilla (although it's not as bad as some people make it out). That said, rolling out new features to 1% of users first is not that extraordinary. Especially considering that we (or at least, I) hadn't heard of this experiment earlier, and that there's only now erupting some fuss over this, it seems like a good idea to still consider it in the experimental phase and thus just roll it out to an initial batch. And hopefully back out of it later. [1] https://gist.github.com/solso/423a1104a9e3c1e3b8d7c9ca14e885... To summarise: they're not going to send which URLs you visit. However, they can set up specific experiments, and will send the results. Thus, they could set up an experiment "did users first visit example.com and later example.com/profile/igorpartola, and then have only you report that to be the case. That example is of course not that likely and thus troublesome. What worries me, though, is the described experiment "what search terms have led to users switching search engine", and then reporting the search engine. They acknowledge this problem, but the response is "at least that's better than gathering that data server-side". True, but it's still too much data, I think. > but it's going to stay isolated to first-hand news discussion forums, like HN, Reddit, Slashdot. I don't think you can call that isolated. Although I don't have data to back it up, it does not seem unlikely that a lot of their user base starts from there. This reader base includes many people's tech person, that e.g. help their friends install a browser. > They're going to be aggregating the data and specifically promise to not create profiles on individual users. A promise isn't good enough. They say so themselves either, which is why they've described here how they try to prevent themselves from even being able to create profiles, so you don't have to trust them: https://gist.github.com/solso/423a1104a9e3c1e3b8d7c9ca14e885... That said, a cursory reading does make it seem like they wouldn't be completely unable too, but I haven't dived into it too extensively yet. Well, I feel like there's some public outcry already. Source: this thread :) I like how discrete VG appears to be, and still asking the right questions (at least in the English version [1]). Two disturbing things other than the obvious ones such as people abusing children. First, > While the young Canadian unsuccessfully tried to find help to control the desires he felt, the American kept them shut inside. He was afraid any doctor, psychologist or counsellor he consulted would have to report him if he admitted being sexually attracted to children. I often feel as if, like with drug users, treating paedophilia not as inherent thoughtcrime but as something someone needs help with, could help prevent a lot of abuse. I don't know what I'd do if there was such a taboo on adult men being attracted to adult women. The second is the state of anarchy we're in at a global level, with law enforcement, criminals, governments and large multinational companies simply being able to go there where the law is most conducive to whatever they want to do, effectively as if there is no law at all. Both things for which I don't really know how they could be fixed, but which have me concerned nonetheless. [1] https://www.vg.no/spesial/2017/undercover-darkweb/?lang=en Even more interesting: would it be moral. It seems to me like it would be great if police wouldn't have to feed them, but they wouldn't even have to rape children to feed themselves. That's to Lin Clark's credit. > one has to trust Mozilla not to do that Well, the advantage of the client is that you can inspect the source, so you can verify that it doesn't actually access location.hash. I think there are several motives: 1. The people working on these browsers are just that: people. They haven't necessarily been e.g. at Microsoft when IE vs. Netscape was a thing, and probably don't hold grudges. They were hired to work with the web, not against it. 2. There was a lot of duplicate efforts, and MDN was clearly "winning". That's a waste of time. 3. A more "neutral" MDN (although I think they've been doing a pretty good job already) is good for all browser makers. Even if Mozilla and its volunteers are trying to be a non-biased resource, they'll always be writing from their own viewpoint. 4. For Mozilla, MDN being less Mozilla-/Firefox-focused might not sound like a great option, but Mozilla's mission is to build a better, free and open internet, not to be dominant. (Incidentally, that's also the reason MDN "won": this made it able to attract many contributors and supporters.) The new release looks really nice, congrats to the devs. Although I haven't looked into it too deeply, the new editing model made me think of Draft.js [1], which might be interesting to some people as well. [1] https://draftjs.org/ > the only Dutch bank that did not need any government support during the crisis. How about Triodos? Non-consumer banks? I've been using GNOME Shell in preparation for this, and with almost the same customisations as the Ubuntu devs have done by default, it almost feels like the same experience. Perhaps even a bit smoother, given that most of the apps were actually made with this experience in mind. But researchers always want to disseminate their work to a wide audience (of other scientists that will cite their work and thus help them get a long-term job). I've been researching the industry for quite a while, and have written up the vicious cycle that keeps this in place in some more detail here: https://medium.com/flockademic/the-vicious-cycle-of-scholarl... Sci-Hub's an important player in the transition to Open Access. Note, however, that many papers are already available elsewhere (e.g. ArXiv), legally. You can use the OAButton [1] or Unpaywall [2] extensions if you hit a paywall to find a free version. They're not perfect, and solve a problem that shouldn't exist, but it's nice that they're there. [1] https://openaccessbutton.org/ [2] http://unpaywall.org/ Some plugs since I've spent quite some time learning about this issue and writing that up, and like seeing the number of reads go up: More about the Impact Factor: https://medium.com/flockademic/the-ridiculous-number-that-ca... More about why intelligent people "put up" with this: https://medium.com/flockademic/the-vicious-cycle-of-scholarl... An overview of some hopeful initiatives by people who aren't putting up with this: https://medium.com/flockademic/these-trailblazers-are-paving... I've little doubt that he'd applaud the effort, considering his Guerilla Open Access Manifesto: https://archive.org/stream/GuerillaOpenAccessManifesto/Goamj... Yes, and it's great that people can use Sci-Hub for that. That said, for papers that are legally available, OAButton and Unpaywall exactly aim to solve the problem of having to know where to look for them and find them. They're still only limited to openly available articles ("green" open access), but might be a solution for those not willing to use a solution of dubious legality, or for whom perhaps their institution blocks it or something. But yeah, I'm not trying to trivialise what a great resource Sci-Hub can be for those who need it. I think the donations are mostly for running the infrastructure - I don't think she's doing much in terms of hiring lawyers. Rather, she's just ignoring the outcomes of US court cases (being based in Kazakhstan or Russia). > create a neutral evaluation of the goods these rivaling organisations produce Well... They mostly facilitate the evaluation of the goods. The evaluation itself is still done by scientists and scholars that are not employed by the publishers. There's a "donate" link at the bottom. Well, you might want to worry about citing sources that your readers might not be able to read. Otherwise, it's mostly the same risks you get when using e.g. the Pirate Bay. That's if you use the site, by the way, regardless of if you use them for your thesis. > Under this model, the author pays to have their paper reviewed Note: it's not necessarily the case that the author pays. For example, the Open Library of Humanities [1] is funded by contributions my academic libraries, and is thus both free to read and to publish in. Something that's also referred to as Open Access (the "green" variant - I wrote about the different flavours at [2]) is when authors post a version of their article elsewhere, e.g. at their institution or on ArXiV. The confusion is common though: there are lot of terms, and publishers have been exacerbating it by co-opting the terms (which I wrote about at [3]). [1] http://openlibhums.org/ [2] https://medium.com/flockademic/how-open-can-open-access-be-c... [3] https://medium.com/flockademic/what-legacy-publishers-mean-w... More than 400k, actually: https://mobile.twitter.com/dannykay68/status/922745216481808... > to get the most value, test suites should accelerate the time to useful feedback Well, they should also optimise the usefulness of the feedback they provide. Typically, tests higher up the pyramid are also more brittle (e.g. end-to-end tests might fire up an entire browser and Selenium), and thus are more likely to fail when in actuality, nothing is wrong. That's an additional reason for limiting the number of those tests. No they're not. But yes, Selenium is brittle. That said, Google engineers actually did some investigation into this, and although I think their methods were probably a bit heavyweight, they did conclude that it's mostly RAM use that leads to brittleness. [1] https://testing.googleblog.com/2017/04/where-do-our-flaky-te... Yeah, good questions, the post leaves some to be desired. And meta-flakiness tooling actually sounds like it could be really useful! I consider it likely that this is merely just another example of people underestimating how much data they're leaking. I would wager to guess that there would have been far easier methods of deducing that new connection other than listening to your conversation and somehow inferring it from that stream of noise. You just don't know which, but it's not unimaginable that that certain information was leaked in another way as well, and probably in a more structured format than unlabelled audio. Note that mutation testing is mostly just an advanced (and more brittle) form of code coverage. The flip side is that code coverage reports can also be considered tests of your tests. Not exhaustive, but I'd argue that unit tests hardly ever are as well - and that's OK. This works very well for me too when I'm reluctant to go full TDD. That said, step 2 isn't necessarily the complete code needed for the tests, so there is some back-and-forth between step 2 and 3, resulting in some test code still being written before the code under test. Link to lower the barrier: https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop/issues/new That's the main reason, I think: the PWA is getting there, but only just now. Discovery (mostly on mobile) and integration (on desktop) is still relatively lacking. Once those are fixed, I'm guessing it will slowly be getting more uptake. They could correct this line: " keeping your phone open" Note that Signal supports Google-free itself now - I'm running it on AOSP without Google Play. Unfortunately that was going to happen anyway, as Google's planned to deprecate Chrome apps. Note sure if in general, or if they'd still be supported in Chromebooks, but it's quite a lot of work to support it just for Chromebooks. > some don't like the electron-based thing/performance It's mostly not liking Electron-based, performance is very reasonable for VSCode, I think. As for the end-game: it's most likely luring you into Azure. Tight integration with a proper editor/IDE might give it an edge over competitors. Not OP, but my browser is open pretty much all the time, and pinning tabs ensures they don't get lost. It's (unfortunately but understandably) marked as a stretch goal, but semantic colouring sounds really nice. I first came across the idea in this post about KDevelop: https://zwabel.wordpress.com/2009/01/08/c-ide-evolution-from... In the version they released yesterday they have an improved watch mode, and they started they're working on providing an API to make loaders, among others, benefit from those optimisations. The former seems to me like a (less comprehensive but also less brittle) way of doing the latter. Higher coverage usually means that your tests are more sensitive to bugs in your code - i.e. if a bug occurs in uncovered code, your tests won't catch it. Of course they're not literally the same, but both are ways of measuring how good your tests are at catching bugs in your code. It might sound pedantic, but this way of thinking shows you that it's not turtles all the way down: if they'd really be "tests of the tests", then you might also want "tests of the tests of the tests". And since we obviously don't want to keep doing that, you might conclude that we don't need "tests of our tests" as well. But since they're simply measurements of test quality, we can see that both test coverage and mutation testing can be useful and not a never-ending story. I'll give you that, startup time could be better. I don't really consider that much of a problem, but I can see how people would disagree. Ah, I did not know that - thanks for clarifying. Does that mean that library code is still executed, or is it just "there"? (Oh, and worth noting: it has an integrated update checker, so not being in F-Droid is less of a problem.) Same here, and the advantage is tha many of my friends do so too, so I get to see them regularly as well. And we can do that because bouldering is very tolerant to differing skill levels. That said, it's a rather specific type of exercise, so I go running as well to keep it varied. The most compelling feature to me is that it can give different variables a different colour. Next lesson: you can switch to the n'th tab using Alt+ (or perhaps a different modifier key depending on browser and OS). Since pinned tabs appear on the left-hand side, that means you'll always have e.g. Alt+1 for email, Alt+2 for calendar, etc. (Nice and related is that you can do Super+ for window switching in at least Windows and Ubuntu.) I didn't mean coverage measurement is a way of doing mutation testing, I meant that measuring how much of your code is exercised by your tests is a way of measuring test effectiveness. Yes, it can be inaccurate, as your trivial example shows, but it does guide you towards unhandled test cases (i.e. where your tests are ineffective). Likewise, mutation testing guides you towards unhandled test cases (including ones that coverage can't detect). In case you're getting unsure: it works fine in Firefox's reader mode. Although this is not the first time I came across the names Gratipay and Gittip, I never really knew what it was. It looks like you're doing amazing things though. Do you have an RSS feed or something to follow you, so I (and others) will be notified when Next Time™ is there? Haha OK, just make sure you get to the front page in the future :) Usually there is no download link (nor is there in the case of WhatsApp, as far as I can see), but a link to the Play store web interface. Your example is interesting, because 'terrorism' is a rather ill-defined term - i.e. some people refer as 'terrorists' to what other people refer to as 'freedom fighters'. When is the former making a false claim? My point wasn't that there isn't a definition somewhere that is clear, but that people very often use it in different ways - whereas I don't think we want to treat all these people in the same way. > Participation is voluntary, and you can remove yourself by disabling the add-on after you install it. So it sounds like a bug or another case of non-malice. Tried reporting it at http://bugzilla.mozilla.org/ ? It practically has, although they're still working on an API to hide the tab bar - until then, you'll have to hide it by editing a local CSS file. It feels a little bit like if you'd want a linter to be part of an ES spec. As in: I appreciate TypeScript for the compile-time guarantees it gives me. Ha, try WhatsApp. I see more and more people cancelling their Facebook accounts (mostly because they feel like it's become too much of a time-waster), but WhatsApp is the normal way of communication now. The advantage is that I can still give my number and people will see that I don't have WhatsApp, so at least nobody feels like I'm dissing them. That makes sense. I can also imagine not wanting to start too quickly with that though, to learn what such a syntax would have to support from Flow and TypeScript. I seem to recall that Nextcloud actually supported this, but I can't find it right now. In any case, I know that there are people who are at least somewhat involved with both projects. Yes, it's merely an enabled - multiple providers will still have to be interoperable. That's not as infeasible as it sounds, though. For some applications it is, but consider browser bookmarks: most browsers can read each others export files (perhaps they've already converged to the same one by now?). Likewise, this might make sense for open source PWAs. They can now be developed without needing to provide a server, and can simply be hosted on e.g. GitHub Pages or S3. People can now serve different instances of it and people can switch between those. I've found it's easier to opt out of Google than of Facebook. The former is difficult because their products are relatively good (I consciously use a different browser, search engine, etc, but at the same time there's eg no competition in the field of mail clients), whereas the latter (including WhatsApp) is difficult due to the immense social pressure. I appreciate that far less. True, but in that regard Facebook almost equals it. But yeah, it's worrisome for both - luckily also mostly blockable on an individual basis. Eh, I'll give you that Google's products are not always superior, and that it's likely that the alternatives are better for use cases. However, when I _do_ use Google's products, it's mostly because I prefer them to the alternatives, not because people are bugging me to. In my eyes the CDN was the hard thing among those, as I'm not sure how many of them Decentraleyes manages to replace. Most of the others, though, are either blocked/not used for me, or used because I feel there are benefits (i.e. not through social pressure), namely the safe browsing advisories. Has it actually got Quantum DOM as well? I was under the impression that it was merely Electrolysis and Quantum Compositor (i.e. the speedups from Firefox 54), and that the massive on from 57 was still set to arrive? That option is about the same as it is today: you can access it, but it will be hard to follow. Just like minified Javascript. Depends on your needs. If it's mostly the shortcuts, Vimium works pretty well (at least for me). If you want the full-blown UI customisation, then I'm afraid extensions are not allowed that anymore due to the associated security risks. > to get a menu bar back for Bookmarks Is that something other than the "Bookmarks Toolbar" or the "Menu Bar" (which includes a bookmarks drop-down) that I can enable by right-clicking on the empty space in the toolbar? It has never been part of the release - it was part of a test rollout to 1% of German users (not sure if that was of an actual or a beta release). Probably today as well, but it won't see the massive speedup desktop Firefox has seen yet - that should come with one of the next few releases. I was surprised by that too. Does that mean the deal with Yahoo! was finished? And is there a new deal with Google or no deal at all? From the announcement post [1]: > As part of our focus on user experience and performance in Firefox Quantum, Google will also become our new default search provider in the United States and Canada. Does that mean the deal with Yahoo! has lapsed? And is there a new deal with Google, or no deal at all? (And what would be the revenue impact of that?) Edit: Just saw an announcement for this as well [2], with no word about revenue. Guess that means that Yahoo! isn't paying anymore and that it means Google is the more sensible choice when nobody pays - though that's still reading between the lines. [1] https://blog.mozilla.org/blog/2017/11/14/introducing-firefox... [2] https://blog.mozilla.org/blog/2017/11/14/firefox-features-go... Right, hence the ellipsis. So if you're not downloading German Firefox you probably won't have to worry about it. I don't have an answer to your other question (maybe someone else will), although since that post says they'll keep us posted and I haven't seen anything, and since it hasn't been that long ago, I don't think too much has come of it yet. This might be too much for you, but if it's looking too tight, note that there's also a Density menu at the bottom in the customisation screen that lets you widen the interface (including, presumably, the bars). I believe you can on every platform, but make sure to use a different profile (-P option, off the top of my head), as they're not compatible between releases. It is, but it does only work on Firefox (and GNOME Web), so if you want to sync with your phone, you'll have to use Firefox for Android (or iPhone) too. Which is nice as well, and should become a lot speedier in one of the next few releases too. What does incentivise them is that their entire marketing is based around the privacy messaging, and thus pretty much their entire userbase considers that their primary selling point. If it ever came out that they were handing over that data to whomever, they'd be gone in an instant. That sounds like something that shouldn't happen! Care reporting it to them? https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/ Vimium wasn't even available for Firefox before (it was a Chrome extension), but it is now. VimFx hasn't, but Vimium has replaced it for me. Well, yes, but people are going to have browsers. This does make it easier for me to install Firefox for my mom and not have her call me about "not being able to visit websites anymore" and me having to figure out something removed her address bar or something. I mean, obviously there's pros and cons, but it's a damned if you do, damned if you don't situation. Yes, but at the same time, I'm installing software on my mom's computer, and unfortunately, she's not a good judge of what is a security risk. I'd trust Mozilla with that more. As I said elsewhere, it is frustrating as well. But it's not like there aren't upsides to it as well, that just might not apply to us. I've got the XPS 13, which is 13" and comes preinstalled with Ubuntu as well. These are merely _new_ models with Ubuntu. Yes, and you've actually been able to for quite a few years - these are just the newest models continuing that tradition. I'm pretty happy with it so far. I can't really name any downsides that are specifically bothering me (of course, cheaper would always have been better, but I don't think that's specific to this laptop). People have been complaining about the webcam being located below the screen since the bezel is so small on the other sides, but I don't video chat that often so people looking at me from below is not that much of a problem. Another thing is coil whine, which I guess has been present in mine as well, but I'm usually listening to music or am not in a silent environment, so that hasn't bothered me either. To be fair, it wasn't like there was a whole lot of incentive for Mozilla to use Yahoo! as the default, given as many people prefer Google. And especially with Yahoo! not doing so well, they would certainly not risk being associated with the likes of Verizon, a company that appears to be almost antithetical to Mozilla's mission. To add to the other comments, I can't imagine it doing Firefox's marketshare much good for Mozilla to be associated with Verizon... Well, that can be difficult if your diverse, equally-represented employees were not able to enjoy e.g. the education and upbringing of some non-diverse under-represented institutions and homes... They've been fighting them over e.g. net neutrality for quite a while, so it makes sense they don't want to be associated with them. I'm saying that if we want a more diverse workforce, we need to address more than just hiring practices. But yes, companies might need external incentives at the moment to prevent it from being a disadvantage. I'm saying that it might not always weigh up against the disadvantage the diverse workforce have accrued over the years, and that that will likely remain the case unless we're doing something about that. (Which is often being done.) And hence, that some sort of external motivation may be needed to make it weigh up against that at present, which would eventually lead to it simply being a competitive advantage. What do you get if you multiple six by nine? What makes you think 2020 apps are going to be significantly different from 2018 apps? Main difference I can think of is VR and WebAssembly, but the former is not likely to completely change the majority of websites in two years, and the latter is not restrained by React anyway. > I know I could join a coworking space but I question whether it's worth $400+ a month I'm not sure whether this is available in every country/big city, but I've been working from Seats2Meet [1]. You can work there for free, and although it can get noisy, for me, having some buzz around me helps against loneliness and doesn't impact my productivity that much. [1] http://seats2meet.com/ Unfortunately, most scientific and scholarly literature is among the most expensive pieces of literature. "most" i.e. I wasn't talking about this specific paper, but most of all the other papers. Oh, that might just be the result of my not being a native speaker. In my language, the term "scientific" refers to articles in both the Humanities and Social Sciences as well as what Science refers to in English. Hence, I usually feel the need to specify all of those. In other words: it had nothing to do with the mentioned article being part of those domains :) I found it really interesting to observe as well, and I think they've done a great job in appealing to technically-minded people with their posts. Well, apart from their Firefox Frontier blog [1], with its awful hip-ish language. I guess that is targeted at a different type of person than I am. [1] https://blog.mozilla.org/firefox/ I don't think Firefox+tracking protection uptake is going to put more pressure no the ad networks than adblocker uptake has done already... Have you tried multi-account containers? That allows you to separate your Facebook/Twitter login from all your other sessions, but remember it on their own sites so you don't have to log in every time: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/multi-account... Given the amount of outcry, I would take your assumption with a giant grain of salt. If they were to proceed with that, we'd surely hear about it again. I'm following the Bugzilla issue and no progress has been reported there yet. The reasonable thing to expect at this point is that it is still at the phase of being an experiment for 1% of German users. Ah, yes, that's what I would expect as well. (And it'd be nice if there were some more public response to this from whoever is working on it.) It's Ctrl+9 (on Windows, Alt+9 on Linux at least), rather than Ctrl+0. What do you base this on - your own intuition of what you think add-on developers need? Because they've been interacting with add-on developers a lot. OpenCollective seems to be reasonably successful: https://opencollective.com/ I'll give you that the removal of some customisability is deliberate, but not that it's not interested in listening to the developers. It just has a different opinion than some of them on what should be allowed. That said, there's also a lot of customisability that simply hasn't been implemented yet. I'd name e.g. hiding of the tab bar where Mozilla is clearly seeking a compromise between the potential downsides of removal of UI elements by add-ons and how useful it could be. It just takes time to make it happen, but luckily, Firefox 52 is still an Extended Support Release for quite a while. Is it so many people, though? Or is the onus on us for thinking it is? And as far as I know they will only notify you as you use the specific credentials that have been breached, in which case you should always care about it regardless of how long ago the breach was. There is, the dark one is just the default for Developer Edition. In fact, regular Firefox comes with a light scheme by default. I'm quite sure Firefox-specific shortcuts are independent of DE. In fact, the linked tutorial addresses how to do exactly that in Firefox: https://mozilladevelopers.github.io/playground/debugger/04-c... Apart from giving you access to all these features, being based on the beta also means that you can discover potential breakage in new Firefox versions before those hit the general public. This is a great write-up that gives me warm fuzzy feelings. What also is interesting for me to realise, though, is that a lot of this was happening at the same time as Mozilla was largely focused on Firefox OS, and receiving a lot of flak for that. It's a shame that Firefox OS failed, but it was clear that they had to try many different things to remain relevant, and it's excellent to see that one of those is very likely to pay off. Even though Rust might've been dismissed for the same reasons Firefox OS was. One thing that wasn't entirely clear to me is how strict you have to be when validating? i.e. I encountered one recording that was completely silent - I figured that had to be marked as invalid. However, another one was barely audible, but by intently listening I did recognise it pronounced the right words - is that OK? And should we validate whether they match the proper accents as well? e.g. if I hear a clear Dutch accent, I presume you wouldn't want that labelled "native British speaker"? Yeah, double blinding is ineffective in almost every field. A good article on double blind peer review is [1]. Being aware of the bias is one thing, although I'm afraid that indeed only partially mitigates it. Making peer reviews public after the fact could help somewhat in allowing people to judge for themselves and make the biases less damning, likewise for post-publication peer review. In any case, that would make it more feasible to do research on peer review and perhaps find better solutions. [1] http://blogs.plos.org/absolutely-maybe/2017/10/31/the-fractu... They will, and they already do if that page includes a password form field :) Both. If they're hard to find, then it doesn't make sense to model your organisation in such a way that it relies on such people. Which in turn means that if you find one, you're not going to hire them. As a corollary: I'm a developer who likes talking to and working with customers, doing UX research, etc. However, since the idea (which may or may not be correct) is that most programmers would rather work by themselves or at least have a project manager or something shield them from the customer, I'm unlikely to be able to find a job in which I can combine programming with customer interaction, even though I'm convinced that this could be valuable. But: only if an organisation is amenable to it. The problem is that journals have incentives too. And these unfortunately often align: sexy results -> more income. Isn't it? I mean, I know there's no hard data on it since most journal subscriptions are bought in bulk, but the journals are using their impact factor to sell those subscriptions (case in point: [1]). Likewise, if they charge publication fees, authors will be most willing to pay large sums of (their funders') money for journals with high impact factors. And do you really think Nature would still get sexy results if there are sexy proposals? Or would your proposal (which I do agree with, for the same reason the traditional publishers won't do it:) lead to better research but fewer "sexy" results? After all, journals with a high impact factor are also known to have more retractions. (The traditional) publishers are going to keep doing what is bringing in the most money - or at least, what they believe what will. At this point, they don't believe that your system would lead to higher income. What could change that if authors are no longer incentivised to chase high impact factor journals. But that means there will have to be better ways to evaluate them that will actually get adopted (i.e. not require evaluators to comb through every applicant's research [2]). This is a difficult problem. And yes, I realise I'm not coming up with a solution. The only ideas I have on that front have a really small chance of success, but it's a bit too much to elaborate on that here. (Although in time I will write about them at [3].) [1] https://mobile.twitter.com/simoxenham/status/235698457124425... [2] https://theconversation.com/why-i-disagree-with-nobel-laurea... [3] https://medium.com/flockademic Except that that doesn't really broaden the ecosystem, unfortunately.