Perhaps he learned something in the last 4 years that persuaded him to allow these things? Or perhaps the president is actually not so powerful as to overturn laws and policies passed by congress? Maybe we should be raging at congress for allowing these things in the first place? In secret hearings and committees with closed doors? Why do they know what castles are without knowing if there are rivers? Peer review is receiving a bad review, no pun intended. Please remember that good journals exist, and insiders know good from bad. A bad acceptance from a heretofore-unknown journal with a seeming credible title is not indicative that all peer review is flawed or done by impatient baboons. And I say this having had a terrible time getting a decent review in recent conferences. But my journal review process has been largely positive, helping to improve my paper significantly, even if they miss some things. Certainly, when I receive a paper to review, I and my colleagues give it our best shot, but we largely work only for the established upper-echelon in our field. I have access to the article. This statement is key: "By increasing libido, higher T may encourage mateseeking behavior." Of course testosterone drops when you find a mate. You don't have to fight for one any more. They go on to show that it further decreases when you have children. Since virility is affected by T levels, it's a good hypothesis that having kids is likely a trigger to reduce the risk-seeking behavior in males after children are born. It's kind of a "no duh" result in that light, and they sought to find evidence that supports this hypothesis. However, they are clear to state that they cannot address causation directly. "High-T men may be less likely to enter stable, romantic relationships. Additionally, affiliative interactions with a partner may decrease T levels, in turn reducing mating effort. We also expect T variation within the group of paired men to be consistent with variation in mating effort, although we are not able to test this with our data set. For example, it may be that paired-male T levels will be highest during times of sexual activity with a partner (as suggested in Hirschenhauser et al., 2002) or that variation in the strength of the pair bond might explain variance in T levels among paired individuals. These are all topics for which longitudinal data would be of great help in teasing apart cause and effect." Science is built on layers and layers of dull data collection (like this one). But yah, a no-duh result that doesn't come through is fun. Exactly, this is an argument against mandating helmet use, not against the personal decision to wear / not wear a helmet. I would offer that the subtle point missed in coding interviews is the ability of the interviewer to judge the flexibility, poise, and social skills of the interviewee. That seemed very important during my interviews. This may be why the best advice is to "talk it out" Any yay-or-nay judgements based on hastily-written program output should be taken with a grain of salt by both parties. Great. So if you run a lot (long distance cardio), you get a marked increase in new brain cells. What brain cells? The part of the nervous system that regulates (wait for it) breathing and metabolism. No kidding. This is like the study [citation missing] that showed a huge increase in brain cell generation for seniors playing wii fit ... in the area of the brain that regulated fine motor skills. The "Brain" is not a general-purpose computing resource. Until someone can show that these skill-specific increases can translate to IQ or (better) improved long-term creativity and happiness, take them with a grain of salt. More bullets for the roulette game. The oil-rich desert version of science fiction is seeming more realistic. Do you really imagine that everyone not in the first world is constantly suffering? That is a first-world perspective: Claiming that only first-world-ers can be happy through adversity. https://www.hhs.gov/about/news/2016/07/28/hhs-forges-unprece... HHS has a joint initiative with UK-based research foundations. I really wish an easy non-profit foundation existed that I could throw some change at. Here's some more information: http://www.openphilanthropy.org/research/cause-reports/antib... Managers are the business API. Engineers are the core functionality. Oh look, it's the new mindfulness. Here's something from six years ago ish with similar results (faster) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qok636pe_qw I work with electrical engineers, mechanical engineers, and mathematicians, and computer science students, all who program pretty darn well. The programming is incidental to solving real world problems. If your job is to crank out code which envelops someone else's design solution, it doesn't really matter what courses you took in undergrad, as an undergrad education of any kind is just a very broad introduction to many things, in the hope that one will "stick" for employment. ROS is great! It's mostly an IPC framework, and very thinly wraps DDS. We use it extensively for prototyping and simulation at NASA JPL. We even have a closed-source version that improves many of the shortcomings for real-world deployment or NASA flight projects. I highly recommend ROS as a starting point to anyone looking to get into robotics development. https://www-robotics.jpl.nasa.gov/tasks/showTask.cfm?FuseAct... Well, no. ROS 2 does a few things that our stack already does. ROS is a wonderful platform for open source / academic development and building community. We have a fairly tight requirement when doing gov / nasa work that doesn't always work with that model. A whole bunch of things! I won't bore you, but you can imagine the pain points a team must have solved to deploy it for real: ROSCORE: a single point of failure. This immediately has a bunch of negative implications on prototyping small nodes and scaling to large systems. No concept of vehicles, sensors, resources to interact with, and so on. You have to look up what topic to subscribe to, deal with their ad-hoc message types, etc just to connect to a process managing a part of a vehicle / robot. No semi-persistent data storage is built in, meaning you need separate databases, intra-process shared memory, etc. Zero multi-agent awareness. You'd have to solve a bunch of problems like adding / disconnecting robots from whomever is running roscore (we don't have one!). Abysmal command and data routing, and no sub-structures that make it easy to verify commands, ensure the right nodes are in charge, display statuses, discover what nodes are running on a system and how to command them, and so on. And convenience stuff, like ROS has no command editor for easily scripting a vehicle's actions, without need for programming (though you can program all you want). And no legacy. We have access to some tried-and-true code-bases here to incorporate. I agree with your assessment, but disagree with your recommendation. I sincerely doubt ROS will be used in its current state for legitimate autonomy. It can seem half-assed because it is fastly changing . I think your DDS comments apply nicely to OpenDDS, and I sincerely hope that the spotlight of ROS2.0 will improve OpenDDS significantly. ROS is a good platform to study and learn. It is not something you'll find in a car in a garage. But it is worth it, because there are similar-enough platforms used for actual, real-world applications that would impress even the most curmudgeonly programmer. Such as ... https://www-robotics.jpl.nasa.gov/tasks/showTask.cfm?FuseAct... If you don't need inter-process communications, you don't need ROS. Caveat: ROS is for research into robotics systems and algorithms. You can pick up your fav language, write something up, and use a thin IPC library (pub / sub) to tie it into the ecosystem. Otherwise, it quickly becomes impossible to share portable modules and code libraries (all written in different languages, mind you). The alternative: Sticking to their language and compiling in their library or dealing with their dependency chain ... is much worse. It can be. But it has a medium-level initial complexity so that it can scale really well to very complex systems (see caveats above). So there's a learning curve, sure. But when you want to jump on a new system, or prototype a small algorithm on a large system, ROS will save you a lot of trouble. Also it's everywhere . Any academic or industry roboticist will know and probably use ROS, at least for prototyping. Of course the network could operate with less competition. But it is designed to incentivize participation. The temptation to dominate the network / hash power inevitably produces high energy usage. Again, by design. I'm not sure that's a liberal standpoint, and admitting the reality of some people associating bitcoin mining with "wasteful" energy usage is not a flaw in logic. Agree. Bitcoin is a fun experiment / proof of concept. I'd add that I hope we will eventually tackle the energy problem, hopefully without throwing away the good parts of decentralization / distributed ledgers. It might be optimistic, but I think many early technological revolutions bring learning costs and risk environmental damage. Once you tie the benefits of bitcoin to something as tangible as the "benefits" of a weekend in Vegas, people will back off the application as the problem. If grid energy is renewable, bitcoin is not a problem, and actually helps push increasing energy infrastructure. In the ideal world... Well, let's clean up the energy grid and stop blaming consumers? All NASA centers have a need for web front-end designers and data visualization interfaces. [source: I work at JPL]. Feel free to apply, we could use you. To "build chops" I'd suggest doing some side projects in displaying data, especially using data sources like http://stuffin.space/ I've lived through a couple of design reviews for flight software and hardware, and I can tell you this is spot on. The emphasis is on minimal delta from previous products, absolutely nothing remotely risky, and complete assurance of functionality before launch. I work at JPL and have begun using the ION implementation of DTN as part of a distributed computing research project. The development of this stack is very active, and momentum is pretty solid internally. It wouldn't surprise me to see more use of DTN in the near future. The lead devs are active and responsive despite being promoted away from front line work most of the time. Also, this is TRL 8/9, so ION / DTN is pretty stable. I actually think IoT is a great application, as devices become producers, but also relays for messaging. The use case for this functionality is orbiter relay, but there's nothing to prevent any moving agent to be a "router" in DTN, no matter how long it's offline. This. I work with state of the art radar systems and automated target recognition / tracking. It's common to have false tracks jumping out of the noise. These tracks can accelerate zero to thousands, jump positions and altitides, whatever you imagine. If you build a machine to track jitters in electromagnetic returns and let it run wild, it'll show you all kinds of amazing things. I think that's spot on. They are holding the stock price for ransom. Public taxi services in clement weather with on-board backup drivers is a far, far cry from full legal, hands-off autonomy. We have a big bucket of cash to do exactly that in the Mars2020 rover and other similar initiatives from other countries. It'll culminate with a cache of samples of martian soil returned to earth for experiments. I sincerely doubt anybody, regardless of money, could get a rover there sooner to find soil samples. Under works: Cliff climbing robots to look at ice and water flows, quads to survey large areas up close and quickly, and man more. It's progressing as fast as it can, but is often sidetracks by the whims of new administrations (moon! no, Mars! no, Moon!). I personally believe that much of the requirements on bio-diesel and other crop-fed fuel sources are likely at least half motivated by courting heartland swing states. The article implies that machine learning will solve everything. I cannot imagine that's actually the case. This looks like an attempt to sell Yet Another Cloud Framework by combining keywords. Yep! Every single autonomous system I'm aware of (and that I'm allowed to speak about) has such a system designed in from the ground up. The article presupposes we allow "intelligence" handle all decision making, which seems ridiculous even in biological systems, let alone those we design for a single purpose. Either the author works on toy systems, or is being disingenuous. These are not problems with AI, they are problems with using only AI, and no viable-for-development system that I'm aware of in industry does that. This is absolutely a case where an autonomous system should have out-performed a manned system. Lasers see through darkness very well. A camera-only system is insufficient. > Why would AI-driven vehicles not have dedicated, single-purpose subsystems such as anti-collision? I mean, are we going to also remove ABS, because the AI could learn to modulate the brakes itself? How much are we going to push into AI, when the purpose-built systems are both functional and effective? This makes me want to pull my hair out. No reasonable system relies on AI from top to bottom. Take this article with a grain of salt, it is attacking a straw-man. I smell a straw man argument. Testing, sure. But flight testing is for [TRL]( https://www.nasa.gov/directorates/heo/scan/engineering/techn... ) 6 or 7, after the tech is demonstrated, spec'd, built, and entering late stage R&D before being pitched for technology demonstration on real missions. EM drive is TRL 1 or 2. Sure! But trusting the power companies to continue to "do the right thing" and buy up all that cheap land for solar power doesn't seem worthwhile. This certainly could read "New homes must be powered by 20% solar", of which rooftop is a viable option, but I wonder how far that legislation would go. I'll take baby steps. That's exactly where it came from. In the event of Gsussian noise, linear state transition and linear measurement, KF yields the exact posterior. Both unscented and extended refer to non-linear measurement or state transition equations. Neither are designed for non gaussian noise. Though the KF and it's variants are one of the simplest, well-performing estimation methods out there, so it wouldn't suprise me if it's used for everything, appropriate or not. Can you explain why you feel NASA is a jobs program? There's certainly a much larger, constant-stream funding source going to national defense and national sciences. NASA is being paid to continue our usually unprofitable interests in space. Everything else falls under the non-compete restriction. Also, NASA employs some highly employable folks who would make much more in private industry. The article is about congress using NASA to send money to their districts by building out the lift program. Thats Congress being dumb. NASA may have become a jobs program, but it isnt supposed to be, and Musk is a response to that, in my mind. "A surprise billion dollars may sound good. But while adding money to “Space Operations,” the Appropriations Committee also cut $660 million from NASA’s science, aeronautics, and space technology programs that build the telescopes, observatories, planes, and landers that make the agency so beloved. In justifying this decision, the committee wrote that the rocket “is the nation’s launch vehicle that will enable humans to explore space beyond current capabilities.”" Very cool! Where can I get a playlist for work that sounds like this spacey atmospheric music so I don't have to leave this tab open? Does anyone else work to this type of sound? I sometimes listen to the original diablo soundtrack, homeworld and homeworld 2, and sometimes even starcraft. Also the voyager radiosounds are pretty good too! https://soundcloud.com/josh-v-17/sets/working/s-ALPrL My advisor said if you were getting a 4.0, you were wasting your valuable research and development time on homework. Nobody cares much about GPA, when you could have built something amazing instead. Of course, GPA didn't improve his tenure chance as much as our R&D so, take that into consideration. Who calls evolutionary algorithms new? This title could have been written in 1994 if they had just used the term ANN instead of deep-learning. People were writing books about this way back then. On 1. 10 planets equally radially spaced dont cause a wobble like 1 going fast. Also 10 planets equally spaced are quickly not equally spaced due to differing orbit vel. 10 isn't the problem, assuming aliasing is the problem. From what I can tell, this is an exact replica of what's displayed in the spaceflight operations facility in JPL. The direction, speed, and density of waves are indicative of the direction, data rate, and data volume of the tx/rx from deep space missions. I just pipe lines to xsel. Not elegant, but works. > AFTER a PhD is finished they can go on and try to influence society using their skills, or not. Exactly this. The primary skill developed during a PhD (for me, and those around me), is knowing the difference between: 1. solutions that can be pulled from literature (bake), 2. solutions that should be easy to assemble from existing solutions (buy), 3. what technology requires a small-to-medium delta above and beyond the bleeding edge (build) All those are research, but far too often (3) is what everyone targets. At my job, leadership and mgmt responsibilities are given before promotion, and those who do well are promoted to management much later. Those who do not do well in managrment are instead promoted if they stuck to what they are good at. Oh also, promotions and raises are seperate. One is responsibility change, one is salary change. This doesn't seem hard. Maybe this blog can survive on a single server answering direct calls from modems, but last time I checked, decentralization of content delivery was the rule, not the exception. Centralized content with decentralized systems won. And they're doing so well it all appears centralized. I don't know OPs original intent, but I would have interpreted that as heterogeneity of socio-economic status. India has a very wide income disparity from the poorest to the richest. Your post is just as true with "The cause is simple, most programmers rarely check to see if writes to disk succeed", but is somewhat more credible. I love the basics of ROS, but good lord they crammed far too much "into it" for it to only sit on one (or a few closely related) operating systems. If you build an ecosystem on top of an operating system, at least make it OS independent. (python+pip anyone?) Having said that, it did great things to bring together the community and kill the fragmented landscape of robotics. (Does anyone remember the 2000s-2010s and all the custom, proprietary robot abstraction layers that were built up? Awful.). Clearpath and a number of small vendors partnered well with ROS, pushing the BS off the stage. But it hasn't aged well ... The messaging and logging is the only useful component (for me / my teams). The codebases / nodes are abysmally intertwined, over cohesive, and lack a nice unixy modular architecture that I'd expect with something built on top of a message passing layer. The central point of failure is often a very real point of failure in spotty networking environments (dropping from wifi can kill your whole stack, even if all messages are local machine only) DDS is nice, but everyone serious is pretty much already using it (mil / aero), esp because of shared memory transport. So it's great that they were dragged forward ... but it doesn't quite feel like the big leap that ROS 1.0 was. Agree, these are, from a certain perspective, justified costs. > I live in the embedded / hardware world but my colleagues working on the higher level software tend think all of the above is necessary for dealing with the hundreds of packages and dependency hell that come with the "modular" robot software approach. But it's not a huge step to push your packages to debian, and after that rosdep feels totally unnecessary. > That said, the popular packages in the ecosystem for simulation, planning, robot modeling, etc seem powerful. Community developed ROS "drivers" (middleware integration) are also useful so you don't reinvent the wheel for off the shelf hardware integration. I agree 100%. Screams "promoted post". Sir, you have nailed it. No serious robotics project deployed to date does anything more than Good Sensors + Good Geometry. And I do not think a revolution is required, just good old time. At some point the right balance of sensor quality and manufacturing processes will converge to be an affordable solution to highway driving. (broad daylight, then dusk, then maybe rain, etc etc). If history is any guide (airlines anyone?) This will come along piecemeal, and the CEOs being forced to make ridiculous promises to appease shareholder anxiety will be given nice scapegoat packages along the way. What a mess this article is. I'd buy three beers to hear more about this idea. Current acquisition model by AAA is buy-kill, rather than buy-subsidize. "Another test team reported that they caused a pop-up message to appear on users’ terminals instructing them to insert two quarters to continue operating." So to test for unknown bias and sensor anomalies, they put raw modelled data through the statistical machinery looking for homogenized outputs. This strikes me as wrong. If you want to know if your filter is bad, you plug in ground truth and add known noise models. If you want to know if your noise models are wrong, you cant do the same thing, you need to point your sensor at a known object (e.g. calibrate). They seemed to have done a cursory analysis of the former type, which is not the same as saying "our pea-pod hyoothesis is correct". Yes, we switched to media. Easier to distribute. I was on a flight and noticed a large number of modern war movies produced in China. They were quite like American "Blackhawk down" or "12 strong". Clearly meant to demonstrate the professionalism and ingenuity of their army vs the rest of the world. Tech companies employ non-stem skills all the time. Communication, marketing, branding, design, hr, so many more. I know an old lady who wrote history books who now works for a major financial company editing quarterly tech briefs for their high profile publications. She knows more about the workings and impact of bitcoin than I do by editing. She literally did bootstrap her knowledge at the age of 60. It takes all kinds and the maths-only stereotype needs to die. Anyone can help. You're suggesting buying pre-charged sun juice? That seems less helpful. TFA suggested you can have much less by recharging it, and did not suggest the fluid expires ever (suggested otherwise, actually). It holds energy for 18 years, but can be used in cycle forever. The revolution isn't as long term storage, it's as a closed cycle, carbon neutral, solar-powered energy capacitor with relatively high capacity per kg. Long term storage is just nice to have. Blueprint is the wrong analogy. Recipe book is more appropriate. There may be generic markers and genetic predisposition, but it's not because a person comes from a "long race of X" or "long family of Y". Even if that's true in fact it's wrong in policy. It's dangerous to consider some better than others. Changes to family traits may be slow, but can be cultivated! We should encourage and help all families and communities to improve their environment to bring about positive changes in their lives and children's lives. From TFA: "These are problems of emphasis rather than accuracy. But in a field as ethically fraught as genetics, even that can be troubling. For instance, as Mr Plomin notes, the size of the genetic component of a particular trait—its “heritability”—varies between different populations. The heritability of educational attainment in Norway has increased since the second world war as the country widened access to health care and schools, flattening out environmental effects. That trend seems, worryingly, to have reversed in America in the 21st century. The irony is that the heritability of many traits rises if states do more to provide for all their citizens equally." Oh man this brings me back to 5 CD jrpgs. We had to know it was inevitable. My personal experience with monitoring free testosterone matches this. Though I've never undergone treatments. For example, I only feel like myself when I'm regularly boxing (competitive, high volume anaerobic+aerobic, physically intense), spending time alone and outside, adhering to a higher fat diet/lower carb diet, occasionally blowing off work to do something else, and so on. What I take from this is that men respond well to testosterone. There are a number of testosterone boosting activities and foods that might help, including acute treatment when necessary. Glad this is getting recognition. Anecdotally, as an aggregate, my testosterone levels increase during phases of my life when I do those things. I suppose I am now required to look up references to support the following statements: 1. exercise without over-training boosts testosterone (maybe some middling results here: https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/BF00441300 ) https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S174360951... 2. Reducing stress increases testosterone http://psycnet.apa.org/buy/2000-13208-002 3. High fat diet increases testosterone https://www.nature.com/articles/4500825 (and probably ref 33) 4. I should have also mentioned that my lifestyle often includes less drinking during these phases https://academic.oup.com/jcem/article-abstract/74/5/957/2875... 5. That i socalize more and skip work more as well. https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00441-005-0006-2 and that taken as a whole, I feel more like myself, increasing self esteem, which may itself help. https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S136466131... Or you can look for pop blogs. https://www.artofmanliness.com/articles/how-to-increase-test... But of course, I just googled around for a bit to find one-off papers. It's a good starting point if I wanted to write a research paper on it, but I really don't. I wanted to provide my own experience, and have. Excellent point! I had forgotten about vitamin D as well. In addition to the technical arguments against this article, I say: "When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right. When he states that something is impossible, he is very probably wrong." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clarke%27s_three_laws It seems clear to me that the role of genetics is to prepare you to survive/thrive in your parents' (and grandparents') environment. I would assume that as the environment changes over time, that the genetic makeup of their children would change (over generations), due to varying demands and "marrying up." Maybe environmental changes are limited to epigenetic changes, and "marrying up" produces the real genome variation, but still, the story is more complicated. A short-sighted focus on "keeping people where their genes fit" ignores our tendency to improve our communities by conscious effort, up to and (by collaboration) beyond our innate capabilities. I really dislike the focus on the individual and the "sorting problem", as distinct from the focus on community. There's a huge distinction between right in fact and right in policy. This is my research area! (JPL) Hm, now why would Amazon want to get into groundlink specialization? https://www.darpa.mil/attachments/HR001118S0032-Amendment-01... I only work with robotic astronauts. So, OP worked hard on a product that help OP, so that it would help others. OP did whatever it took to keep revenue coming in and learned a valuable set of skills along the way. Now OP is providing useful services to many users worldwide and making a living off it. Everyone has a disillusionment moment, and that's the real takeaway from this post, for me. The worst offense is two-world last names. If you give me one field that says "Full name" I may as well roll the dice to determine if the three strings I input in there are First Middle Last, First Last1 Last2, First1 First2 Last, etc. What blows my mind is these aren't really analogies, they are in fact mostly truth. Yeah it seems obvious you accept from friends and minimize leverage in rivals. There's no good, only better. And the percentage of total shares owned is the percentage of the company. Issuing more stock dillutes ownership. No sense adopting the progressive tax codes when inequality isn't a huge factor vs Progressive taxation causes income inequality Mitchell, Aurora have a PTAS for metric TSP that has a competitive factor something like O(1+1/c) and runtime O(N (logN)^O(c) ). For small factors, and c~=10 (Paper shows Amoeboid get about 90% of the best solution, apparently), I can see why it would look linear in the regime of N=[4,8]. I should mention, I don't think there's a working implementation of that PTAS however, and I only skimmed the article. https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=x*log(x)%5E2 > most Is this possible? If so, then call it Data Science or Push-button analysis. You perfectly described all the non academic jobs I've ever had. Right. I've heard from friends in telco that Huawei techs would routinely open server racks during 3am service calls and photograph everything. This was years ago, but I'm guessing a company wide incentive program wouldn't get igored by many Huawei techs. ok. You've convinced me of the antecedent of the article and book: that we've found ourselves deliberately or accidentally in a society without true violence, and even largely without capacity for violence. Yet there is no alternative consequent, just some disdain for the fact that we have peaceful overtones in our culture. But do we? I get it, to a certain extent. I find deep connection when I fight in the gym, and it scratches an itch that I can't explain. We still have war, and still play at war in sports, video games, and TV/movies. We still idolize the scene in the Christmas Story where the bully gets his nose bloodied by reactive violence. We love to commit genocide against aliens, as long as they punch first. I think we subconsciously teach (in all these) violent response to aggressors. But we've decided that violence is a tool for retribution against aggressors (them), not a tool for dealing with in-group disputes (us). TFA equated capital punishment with ostracism. One of us becomes an outside. ( We don't do that, on penalty of prison or death). That's the point, to me. Preservation of the groups members by minimizing in-group competition makes the group more resilient against attacks by other groups. In a purely game-theoretic sense, This seems like an optimal strategy. Exactly. The expectation that any and every job should be a path to complete financial independence is ridiculous. US here: I'm baffled by the assumption that every single job must pay enough for a 1BR apt. When I was 14, I worked in fast food, and never expected to be able to afford anything other than hobby dollars. We have a shortage of totally-unskilled jobs that can support a family if both parents work, and that has translated into calls for things like increased minimum wage. But there is not a shortage of jobs for those willing to put a year or two into trade training, and those often pay well enough to buy a home in a small town. Many of the fastest growing jobs (bls.gov)[1] pay well over $10/hr and require little a priori skills. Here you can make 2-4 times that with no education [2] And here you can take 2 years of school to get a job that pays quite well[3]. Well enough to easily buy your own home and remain employed in a fast-growing sector for life. In some communities, those two years are paid for as long as you go to tech school in the same district you went to high-school in. This minimum wage argument hides the real opportunities. Re-training and education is the key. 1. https://www.bls.gov/ooh/most-new-jobs.htm 2. https://www.bls.gov/ooh/occupation-finder.htm?pay=%2455%2C00... 3. https://www.bls.gov/ooh/occupation-finder.htm?pay=&education... Not all code complies. But not all code flies. My experience has been that as a mission system passes gates in the years before launch, they asymptotically approach these standards, with exceptions approved by named individuals and reviewed. I doubt many institutional products or teams conform strictly on all projects. That'd be quite unproductive. Mars rovers don't iterate quickly. This was very much my experience when working on those teams. right. the house example is plain wrong. What I think the author should have used is a car. First, we design and test the suspension, then the wheels, then the brakes, etc until we have a working car from the ground up. Then we sell a lot of them. The OS / game engine /car example is frightening because you have no intermediate value until the whole thing comes together. hiccups propegate. However, an iterative approach would create a minumum feature version first. A car with no suspension, 25 HP, and one seat. An OS with virtually no drivers, targetting single arch, bad scheduler, single filesystem, and single user. These are, in aerospace analogies, testbeds in which you validate your long term vision while producing real things that can be sold, hyped, or used to look for improvements and bad assumptioms before the final product is produced. I completely agree with your statement that markets become saturated with Min Viable Products ... but that is what forces iteration. I agree with the author (and this isn't new knowledge) that iteratively buidling a better thing by expanding a pre existing thing helps you capture and scale. My opinion is this probably gets hard once that thing gets big, and starts to feel clunky, and thats where the big companaies do a "re-engineering" with a waterfall-like model. They can afford to take time to design soup-to-nuts because they are still selling the iterative MVP mutant that got them to dominance. Different strokes for different folks. Oh man ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Cottingley_Fairies_1.jpg What is wrong with her hands: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cottingley_Fairies#/media/File... Clearly motion blur, but none in the supposedly flying fairy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:CottingleyFairies3.jpg Looks exactly like roger-rabbit style splicing: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:CottingleyFairies4.jpg How do you know the lake is real? Comparing rideshare to public transit, this tells me there's clearly a need for easier, faster transit even with higher pricing. Solution? Try to ruin it. Instead, maybe we should embrace it and provide incentives for ridesharing vs driving alone? E.g. give uber a lane on the highway for 2+ passengers and tax only single rider transits. Give a few lyft ride coupons with every monthly bus pass. Provide benefits to using busses (which are a terrible experience) by occasional free lyft rides ... These bots are somewhat easy to beat with complex repeating sequences that are not biased over the long term. e.g. L,R,LL,RR,LLL,RRR, and if it starts guessing right enough, reset or reverse. Then, it ends up being closed loop two armed bandit ... I believe you have to go through literature to get this kind of back-and-forth. At least, that's how I manage, even if that feels slow and opinionated. The author didn't mention using black holes to get around. Hyperspace might be just moving into wherever the events in the movie Event Horizon took place. Those cars generate a lot of sensor data. (Tb per drive?). Id imagine that data needs to be made actionable and seperated into training and simulation sets pretty quickly. Mapping is a massive problem to automate. This is my main complaint I can intuitively know, using rules of thumb, if a lat lon is within 100 miles, on this hemisphere, etc. Is "angry ape alligator" right next door or in Europe? No idea. Which fire station do we relay a call to? I don't know, let's ask w3w servers (during an emergency ... ) To the precision that I want to get someone to help me when I'm trapped in a car, you really only need a few significant digits of lat/lon (.YYYY/.ZZZZ) will get you to within 1 km most of the time. The left-of-decimal numbers are not needed if you are calling local 911, as an increment there shifts by a hundred km. They (endgaget) were treating that test as the first and last proof. In reality, that project has been full-speed-ahead with flight tests for a while. The difference is more like that this is the first untethered, full-flight-system, full-environment test. The data from which is compared to the huge batch previous tests with partial systems, w/ and w/o gravity offloads, etc etc. Logging a lot of flight time with the actual hardware is a really bad idea, sort of like "testing in production." If this were the only test, that would be a bad test. They're probably verifying that the flight hardware has characteristics consistent with all the previous test cases before blasting it to Mars. (I work near this project, but not on it directly). ... which is not surprising they can register in near real time. ICP is not that expensive. The second point is not absolutely true. Drift can be corrected for across successive scans by including it as a parameter to estimate given the scan data. "stray" implies they get closer, eventually coming close enough for tidal effects to get nasty. Everything I understand agrees with a white dwarf not ripping apart planets whose orbits are not distirbed from their previous ones. IANA astronomer/astrophysicist. I'd believe that Stranger Things was influenced by the second coming of D&D rather than the opposite. Well, to be a producer of credits, you need to be actively sequestering / somehow helping. So, arguably, the cost of credits will be massive at first (few people helping), and that should drive companies to spring up and plant trees, provide sequestration, ... whatever it is they do. I don't think they ante up and go about business. But, it really doesn't work unless everyone has to work with the carbon system, and that carbon trade system has been repeatedly shot down over and over. But really, I have no idea if it's a good system at all, or if TFA describes that type of system. heres a live link. And paper. Sorry I'm on mobile. FWIW, they are sending observation sequences marked up as some custom JS, and an onboard interpreter will turn those into C&DH sequences and spool them out. That decision seems arbitrary, given most onboard executives use a ... more standardized markup lang for sequences. https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.stsci.edu/~idash/pub... https://mobile.twitter.com/alteredq/status/80085890885198233... The mission critical stuff is not JS. Sequences are encoded as JS. I think comparing js to a highly specialized, well constructed, ruggedized, and well loved machine is a bit off. It's more like mowing your lawn with whatever you can grab from the gas station on the way home. Something surely ubiquitous, familiar, convenient (for you), and completely unsuited given we have tools for it. Sequences are often a markup language, and are (necessarily) interpreted on board. C++ finally made it. You're probably right about 2 decades for Rust .... mho. It's classic s/w. Over budget, under spec'd, and arbitrarily the language of the internet. Or any other arbitrary |L|x|F|x|P| combinations of languages, frameworks, and platforms. But, this one didn't have a book yet. It's used for sequencing. Think game scripting, except for a machine. The instruments / data handling is not in JS. None of the key functionality runs on a virtual machine or interpreter (I'd stake a lot on that). But, for instructions that must be human readable and machine readable, which are uploaded from ground stations, you sometimes want a scripting language like LUA or JS. It'd be nice if they differentiated sequencing from hardware control a little clearer in this conversation. Is anyone controlling adaptive optics or running signal processing in js? I think very much not. Fair point. Sequence scripts are written in js. Execution of sequences, hardware control, resource management, and everything not sequence markup is not. The sequences are not flight software (imho), but the interpreter is. Well, according to them: > Modern guest operating systems that host cloud workloads run on virtual hardware platforms that do not require any legacy hardware. Additonally modern CPUs used in data centers have advanced virtualization features that have eliminated the need for most CPU emulation. > There currently is no open source hypervisor solutions with a clear and narrow focus on running cloud specific workloads on modern CPUs. All available solutions have evolved over time and try to be fairly generic. They attempt to support a wide range of virtual hardware architectures and run on hardware that has varying degree of hardware virtualization support. This results in a need to provide a large set of legacy platforms and device models requiring CPU, device and platform emulation. As a consequence they are built on top of large and complex code bases. > NEMU on the other hand aims to leverage KVM, be narrow focused on exclusively running modern, cloud native workloads, on top of a limited set of hardware architectures and platforms. It assumes fairly recent CPUs and KVM allowing for the the elimination of most emulation logic. > This will allow for smaller code base, lower complexity and a reduced attack surface compared to existing solutions. It also gives more space for providing cloud specific optimizations and building a more performant hypervisor for the cloud. Reducing the size and complexity of the code allows for easier review, fuzz testing, modularization and future innovation. The base station transmits with higher power and much more frequently than your cell phone does (unless you are the only one served by the tower and tx more than rx for some reason). If you are concerned about radiation from telcom / cell, living near a base station is a bad idea. I don't understand. There's radiation around, so we shouldn't worry about radiation? The fusion reaction is obviously is less powerful to our receivers than 5G, otherwise we'd not have 5G. UV is obviously more powerful to our DNA than telcom, otherwise we'd all have noticed an increase in melanoma on our thighs and ears. Antenna size and shape is important relative to signal , as is total energy, impedence, etc. Surely you mean 10^(enormously large number) My group is heavily involved in swarming technologies at a big old lab you've heard of. We reply to these and other calls for comments, and apart from a few bad actors, this process is pretty clean and sensible. The end result is often not a ban on sales or exports, but rather a sliding scale of licensing regulations, up to a ban on sale to e.g. Iran or China. Do you really want to sell your AI powered surveillance swarm to Iran? No, you don't. You can develop and sell to UK though, because they're the "Good guys". This is just plain silly. Every country with a decent R&D program producing weaponizeable tech will have a gov panel interested in understanding whats being developed and what can be exported to whom without violating international arms treaties. I fail to see how this is suicide. It's not export restrictions for the sake of market boosting or market isolation, it's a request for information about emerging tech. I agree. You can complain and ascribe intent, or you can help. The people writing these controls are specifically admitting their need for assistance. My interaction with EAR/itar has been annoying, but has not stopped me from working with foreign researchers, publishing papers, or openly discussing most of my work. You know what else? They dont have air pollution like pm2.5, which is known to cause heart and lung disease. https://laqm.defra.gov.uk/public-health/pm25.html On China discusses lots of background, Destined for War is on this very subject and discusses economics, history, and political balance re:China Anyone interested in understanding the balance of power in China/Pacific: I enjoyed "Destined for War", "World Order" (big section for China), and "On China". I'd welcome more suggestions. This is probably due to the rise of automated vehicles but not for the reasons you'd think. I've dealt with the problem of automated contact aquisition and tracking, esp with Radar, and let me tell you: fast tracks moving at insane speeds with sometimes-faint signatures are the norm. a perfectly calm sea, esp near shore, can create 100s or a 1000 spurious tracks if automated tools are trusted. The incorrect association of signatures to hypothesized contacts can produce "jumps" in their location, altitude that makes it look like inhuman maneuverability. Second, the proliferation of small aircraft does bias operators (and algorithms) to assume a real contact from small signatures, esp at low altitudes where noise is greatest. In a well integrated, multi-vehilce sensor network, a small false positive rate for each individual recognition and classication module produces enough bullshit to trick automated trackers into labelling targets. If we cant assume common sense filtering like "aircraft cant go from hover to mach 3 in one sweep", then the possible associations of sensor data to hypotheses is astronomical, and bullshit propegates. Its a mess when you integrate so many sensors and systems and try to make sense of the resulting noise. shouldn't that be (addr1-addr2+1)? Or does dd copy the first byte plus the count? Its a story needing coverage, regardless of relative severity. They'll bury it from HN front-page just by making adversarial comments, and that's the goal. Having dealt with some of these systems, let me tell you up front, its entirely possible it's nothing. I've seen tracks like those suggested in the article pass directly overhead support vessels during maneuvers, and theres nothing there. It can happen a few times a day or even hour, and just means your sensor fusion is a bit janky. tfa: "This, in turn, provides very high fidelity 'tracks' of targets thanks to telemetry from various sensors operating at different bands and looking at the same target from different aspects and at different ranges." My take from last article: Let me tell you: fast tracks moving at insane speeds with sometimes-faint signatures are the norm. a perfectly calm sea, esp near shore, can create 100s or a 1000 spurious tracks if automated tools are trusted. The incorrect association of signatures to hypothesized contacts can produce "jumps" in their location, altitude that makes it look like inhuman maneuverability. Second, the proliferation of small aircraft does bias operators (and algorithms) to assume a real contact from small signatures, esp at low altitudes where noise is greatest. In a well integrated, multi-vehilce sensor network, a small false positive rate for each individual recognition and classication module produces enough bullshit to trick automated trackers into labelling targets. If we cant assume common sense filtering like "aircraft cant go from hover to mach 3 in one sweep", then the possible associations of sensor data to hypotheses is astronomical, and bullshit propegates. Its a mess when you integrate so many sensors and systems and try to make sense of the resulting noise. Fair enough. I definitely can't comment from an aviators perspective, just that I'm not suprised if system anomalies propegate wrong. Obviously a lot of folks are taking it seriously. I think this land isn't owned so I can dump anything I want on it, right? So, the goal is carbon-neutral gasoline. Short term, I suppose your target is feel-good gas burning vehicles. Longer term, do you envision this technology being used for clean(er) + carbon neutral municipal power generation, or is the fuel type just wrong for that? I ask because a stop-gap can easily become permanent, and it'd be unfortunate to continue dumping particulates (pm2.5/10), smog, etc into the air in major cities. One huge benefit of electric vehicles is you can make power where population is scarce, and use it where the population is. You don't get that with burner vehicles. Absolutely. I do not question the sanity of carbon neutral gasoline. Esp aviation fuel and rockets. I was suggesting carbon neutral gas plants which can power electric fleets, as a way to also reduce pollution. "this is not profitable so it should not be law". Yeah I've heard that plenty over here in the US. Which, by the way, was a suprise due to the mostly-unpublicized changes to the withholding rates. Add in tax penalties and it's a very unwelcome suprise for all but the most vigilant / those that pay people to manage their money. I experienced patchy hair loss after moving to Los Angeles. This "childhood disease" does not run in my family, and I've never had it before. I'm 38 and moved here two years ago. I have come to suspect systemic inflation from the rampant pollution in LA caused my new autoimmune disease, or at worst exacerbated a condition I never experienced symptoms of before. It was diagnosed autoimmune. I have pictures of white blood cells attacking my hair follicles. Sure, maybe after we handle air pollution, carbon in the atmosphere, and plastic, then we can talk about noise pollution. It's so fun to point out new problems, but trying to prioritize everything is basically prioritizing nothing. I agree with this. Removing cars and trucks would solve so many problems with our living areas. Removing burner cars and trucks would do 90% of it even if we didn't evict them from our living areas. Tires are on all vehicles. Combustion is a larger and more immediate concern because of NOX and PM2.5/PM10. Its fair to prioritize that by moving burner power out of cities and using EVs, then go after other sources of PM and NOx like power plants or tires. Yes. That's a MILP. And if we think SAT solvers are useful and underused, wait till you start working with MILP solvers. GA does not belong anywhere near real problems. They are toy solutions with zero guarantees. Fun to code though! I don't know if "thinking" in the context of that quote requires high IQ. I think that a high IQ person does less conscious thinking and "just gets" complex problems easily. I think Alfed Whitehead is supporting IQ rise as civilization advances, since baseline abstractions, problems solving techniques, and patterns are taught to us by our parents / community, and are accumulated over time. We have observed this to be true continuously. An IQ test is timed and requires pattern recognition and selection for the most part. These things are exactly the type of "operations we perform without thinking" that general intelligence supports. Being good at finding and acting on general patterns without deep thought is extremely helpful and is probably (at least loosely) associated with high IQ. A friend had a problem with theirs. They pulled over and pressed a button to connect to techs. The tech ran a series of remote diagnostics and cycled potentially faulty actuators (e.g. brakes in this case). They were on their merry way in half an hour with a full report of health. 1500 / 5 per week is still 6 years. The tesla home pack is made from refurbed car packs, so perhaps they'll have a generous buyback in place. Commercial lunar landers are fully part of the lunar exploration / habitation plan. I sincerely doubt NASA will be building a custom lander any time soon. What may get funded is novel rover types or instrument payloads on the commercial space taxi industry (which everyone I know is quite enthusiastic about, by the way). The vast majority of space launch, lift, transport, etc tech is mostly commercially made, ranging from pure COTS to custom-built. The emerging space-lift / space-logistics industry may make NASA missions significantly more cost effective. most of the elite are. Some of the elite are still at NASA, thank you very much. Well, for one, there's no more apollo program to build onto? So, such a pipeline should be restarted? Ten years is about the timeline to expect commercial launches / lifts to the moon. I suspect to be cost effective, NASA is synchronizing with commercial partners and standardizing mission architectures to ensure a long line of lunar missions. (source: Working on a related problem). From the NASA Page: "CLPS contracts are indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contracts with a cumulative maximum contract value of $2.6 billion during the next 10 years." So there's your new apollo program. 10 years and billions of investment, but with commercial taxis rather than NASA-built. While I'm on the subject of NASA + Commercial partners. Imagine you had to build your own car to get to work every day, and suddenly a taxi service starts up. Would you use the taxi instead? That's the analogy for SpaceX, Blue origin, etc. Most programs are about science and human exploration, which involve significantly more than rocket and faring technologies. Moving beyond those expensive development projects can only make NASA-led initiatives more cost effective. It's how it has to be nowadays. NP. This is partially because we outsource so much work, but yes, we simply do not have the budget to get anyone and everyone we'd want. The A-for-administration is becoming a more important role in shipping tax dollars to R&D and C-for-cots. I agree with the fact that we are spreading bucks over more planets. I'd love to see a concerted incestment in a consistent strategic direction with a tangible milestone. But at the same time, there's lots of exciting stuff going on. Climate change isnt just energy production, anyway. I highly recommend the book Drawdown. The sector that they recommend as the highest impact intervention is actually refrigerants. I do like that the impact is in "equivalent CO2 tons" allowing comparison across more than emissions. Yes, scaling by cost is questionable but allows simple policy comparisons. I suggest you skim through these lectures. https://www.coursera.org/learn/science-of-meditation It touches on the connections between mindfulness and modern understanding of the mind. Most important, it talks about this problem, that you are not aware of the amout of decisions and input/output data is hidden from you, and how much of your life is narrating outcomes, rather than deciding them. Fascinating stuff. Makes me feel like a batch of hidden layers struggling for consensus with one tiny human-interaction module that tells a consistent story about why certain outputs are weighted, and that story is called "free will and personality". My friends in telcom from years ago would regularly tell us about H techs who would come install equipment. And while doing so would disassemble every rack and switch in the room and photograph everything. Thats an unprovable allegation, but I know these folks to be reliable sources of information. Having read about the internal incentives for techs providing IP intel and outright rewarding of theft, I'm convinced. I have no idea myself. Speculating, but at the top policy level, perhaps they did just that (why not?). At the field tech level, maybe they were photographing "just in case". Also, I assume by disassembling racks, they were cataloging which equipment was used, and its configuration. It's akin to snooping a competitors shop to see their process, as much as their equipment. Again, I'm foggy on details since I wasn't there, but these guys are not surprised by alleged IP theft and stories of incentivized theft after their experiences. I don't have the insight to think really hard about the motivations of the H techs, and this is just colloquial / anecdotal so don't expect yourself to be convinced. According to these guys, they'd come in to do an installation at 2-3AM (standard time for maintaining a cell network), but security was lax and they would be left to do their own thing mostly unsupervised. These were smaller shops that were later bought out by the big handful recognize today. They were dumb. Maybe they let it happen, but it takes two to tango. According to the particular story that I might be foggy on, the engineer responsible for the station and surrounding stations came in to check in on the installation unannounced, and the people on site were not really aware or concerned that they were in back working. The engineer found out what was going on, and everyone shrugged, saying that what harm could they do, etc etc. The idea that you are somehow enslaved by a predefined, concrete purpose that requires you to find power is toxic and must be killed. A person is capable of matching their means with their desired ends and finding meaning while avoiding the trap of needing power. You may arrive at power or influence, but I'd argue that should never be required. A purpose can (and should) be defined by a process, and a motivation, and a living philosophy more so than a tangible number. (edited to clarify) Originally, Bill Gates had neither. He used the power gained by fufulling his purpose of writing software to find a higher purpose. Id imaging his sense of purpose changed as his power (and resulting responsibility!) changed. You can have power, and use it for good. But the toxic idea is that you must pursue power first, and that you must pursue power to fulfill some in-born, per-defined reason. Warren Buffet did not set out to make billions of dollars of donations. He wanted to be a businessman, and ended up rich. Great, he's trying to do right by the billions he has, but could have probably had a bigger impact over the course of his lifetime by being directed at helping first and foremost. This article was about causes of death. They perfectly reproduced the causes of death versus the reports. The interpretation that we should not discuss certain causes of death as much was only added in this thread. The only implication discussed in the article seemed to be "Perhaps we should provide more context". I would say that people dying from outlier events is newsworthy because they are outliers, not that we should cover events in the proportion of their occurance in real life. That'd be awfully dull. I'm betting that in 5-10 years, there will be an explosion of aero startups. But fast and loose don't work as well in space, where everything ends up going 11,000 meters per second at least. The culture will necessarily be a bit more conservative, and as others have mentioned, software is usually a supporting element at best, a necessary evil at worst. I have great faith in it. The "deployables" crowd knows their stuff and all eyes are on them right now. Malaria is a leading killer of humans. 212 million cases in 2015 alone. 70% of deaths are young children. (who stats) Not to mention other diseases spread by mosquitoes. Im down for trying. I dont. Species go extinct all the time and we're already trying to kill them all with bad side effects like indiscriminate pesticides. This is one case of me falling on the side of intervention. Malaria is a terrible scourge, primarily on children. So much so that humans evolved sickle cell anemia as a prevention. http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/evolution/library/01/2/l_012_02.html Thank you. I was hoping to post these! Imagine going back to 1984, and telling the Hubble successor team "Just wait for a future heavy commercial space launch before planning any larger telescopes". Or to 1997, and telling Goddard "Your specs will require technological development that we feel should be halted until a commercial spaceflight program develops. We're pretty sure next year someone will found a e-commerce business that will make him a billionaire, and he'll sort it all out." Or to 2002, when tech internet tech was booming and paypal was going IPO, to tell TRW that the $824 million they just acquired should be put on a shelf until about 20 years later. Or to 2005, 12 years before BFR was announced, when it appeared cost growth was a factor (not at all related to northrup aquisitions). Again, 2010 it passed review, 7 years before announcement. Is it really irony or somehow a waste? I don't think so. (Full disclosure: I'm working on alternative tech to deoployables for large-aperture telescopes, but I greatly appreciate their efforts on JWST, given what we had over the last 20 years). Agree. But OP is saying in a battle wits, its hard to factor out the battle of wrists. For those who didn't know (like me): The Howey Test determines that a transaction represents an investment contract if "a person invests his money in a common enterprise and is led to expect profits solely from the efforts of the promoter or a third party," https://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/howey-test.asp Yeah, I love this article's sense of relief that indeed, we must indeed use the strange dark matter correction factor. Whereas before, it was a perfectly normal mass of matter that we just couldn't properly measure the distance to. "Oh thank god, we don't understand this galaxy after-all". If you need a GA, you haven't decomposed your problem well enough. Which is to say, if you need a quick example of an optimizer for a high dimensional space and you just want to tinker with a few cost functions, then GA is the right choice. And thats the problem. Insulin spikes are bad for you. What bothers me is that I read this train wreck without any red flags until I saw his correction at the end. Even the headline was wrong given the article, which itself was wrong. I really should have coffee before HN Unless plastic gets away because there isnt a high enough price per kg to incentivise collection (sadly, by homeless and poor probably). This could raise price dramatically for post consumer plastic. Yes, I love syncthing for many reasons. Those complaining about UI support will not love syncthing any more than other replacements. Also, setting up ST on phone, AWS, and my desktop was an exercise in patience. I now have a config I'm happy with, but it took a lot of effort that I wouldn't expect from just anyone. Tangential: Is there an easy way to map all links of form www.reddit.com/* to old.reddit.com/* on all my devices? (I assume /etc/hosts would work for linux?) Yes. src: We did a study on this. But, this was fairly well known. One problem is the enormous closing speed of probes relative to the object. http://kiss.caltech.edu/workshops/constellations/constellati... Thank you Well that's perfect. Thank you. No, they infiltrated a Rpi already on the network (e.g. a research SBC) which itself was also able to access other machines. JPL builds robots and robots are made from SBCs. As TRL progresses, the hardware changes. Nobody buys RAD750 for each of their new ideas. Everyone I know around here calls them mountain lions. I've heard cougar occasionally, but that word conflicts with other relevant topics in Los Angeles ... The data rate from the surface of titan is abysmal. Even with a relay, we won't get much video, but man, I hope we get some. Ah, we likely will not get real time video. Maybe APL has some tricks I'm not privy to. Source: I asked a DSN coms engineer. I mean sure, eventually, over many down link cycles. But not real time. Yes, that was a mission proposal years ago, a blimp and quads. It was not selected then or rehashed this time. In addition, a blimp only concept has been floated (ha!) as well. Those work by combining H with O. Not much available oxygen there. This is why theres a helicopter going to Mars. I'm confused by your comment. this is absolutely a NASA mission, subject to all the whims of congress that any other is. APL has long bid on missions and instrument proposals just like other institutions. "one over r-squared" Latency is high, but the power you have to pump through an antenna / laser to get enough watts on the receiver goes up really fast with distance. Here's a summary that touches on it if you'd like to learn more: http://www.qrg.northwestern.edu/projects/vss/docs/Communicat... And here's a detailed derivation for voyager. https://space.stackexchange.com/questions/24338/how-to-calcu... It's not about latency , it's about power required to transmit. From far away, you need to push lots of power through to get a readable signal on the receiver side. It's kinda-sorta like seeing a flashlight. Ah, I see. I agree, worldwide collaboration and competition is very healthy for a space program. That protocol exists, it is called Delay-Tolerant-Networking. http://ipnsig.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/Whats-new-in-IO... So, is ssh-keygen security theater? Following my eldritch training in the dark arts: I googled then found a stackexchange answer on this topic [1] 1. https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/143442/what-are... ) IIRC, methane should not persist on Mars, and theres not been a global phenomenon detected that can explain its occasional detection. Therefore, transient detections are considered indicators of possible life, since nothing else seems to explain it. It's not that it's rare everywhere, it's that it's rare on Mars. JPL. (at least my section) had an excellent culture of inclusiveness and openness to new ideas and people. No, as other threads have pointed out, SMS is trivially hacked Id love to know how you earned those downvotes. The sweet spot where I work is online forms that pre-populate excel playgrounds and allow download. Then, you can tweak till your heart's content. "Walls up" "Self made" Exactly. There is absolutely no requirement that workers at a charity must work for charity. You're clearly confused about mission versus methods . Are there bad methods with good missions? Yes. Are there bad missions with good methods? Yes (most for-profit companies fit here). Furthermore, CEO salary is one of the most dismal metrics. UNICEF USA's CEO is often in chain-letter-type posts about CEO salary, yet UNICEF USA raises gobs of money for highly successful programs saving millions of lives per year in developing countries. UNICEF vaccinates somewhere near half of the worlds children. Half. Somehow, hiring talent seems over-rated. This seems related to "efficiency" which is % of dollar going to "programming". Fine salaries paid to employees is cash they cannot hand out to homeless. I get it. It's usually not those trade-offs that reduce "efficiency". There's a ton misunderstanding about what "programming" is. If a company installs a landing strip to fly in 10 years of supplies, have they spent that money on "programming" or "overhead"? The worst offenders, in my opinion, are the tiniest hobby non-profits that do virtually nothing. If I fly to the third world and install a well for some people, have I done real good? Perhaps! If I hand out food once a year around thanksgiving, have I? yes! But that labor, effort, and money may have been better invested in policy changes or continuing-support programs. In almost all cases I've seen, the tiny non-profits bemoan the cost of doing this compared to the larger non-profits. Why are some programs more expensive when implemented at a larger non-profit? The main reason is they include this "extra" work such as publicity, policy, continuing support, and yes, hiring good people so they can do better next year with more money. Any business-minded person will tell you that you must reinvest in your organization to do more . What that more is might be up for debate (the mission), but to avoid self-investment is to have a bad method. I first encountered his name when digging into ION, the interplanetary overlay network becuase of the LTP protocol. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Licklider_Transmission_Proto... Really stellar work. If you force it to be optional, we will at least introduce choice. A market emerges with those that opt-out. Referral-only credit? Can someone connect or point to a connection between this and the measure of curvature of the universe? Im curious what interior angles we're referring to (or equivalent) in 4D spacetime. In the book Drawdown, the top 10 best ways to combat climate change are: 1. Better refrigerant management, b/c refrigerants release significant potent GHG 2. Wind turbines to offset oil/gas 3. Reduced food waste 4. Plant-rich diet 5. Better tropical forest health 6. Better education for girls 7. Better family planning options 8. Solar Farms 9. Silopasture (forested and mixed agriculture plots) 10. Rooftop Solar The list of top 50 continues cycling at about that frequency through unexpected engineering problems (e.g., 1), social issues (e.t. 3,6), and traditional O&G replacements (e.g., 10). Saying this or that is the solution is just dumb. Saying it's "key" doesn't necessarily mean it's "the only keystone", I'd hope. I read you. There's a nit pick that rooftop solar is probably a fine individual choice, but there are complicating factors and a high upfront cost. I failed to mention that these metrics are in terms of equivalent GT of CO2 reduced globally. There's also a metric of cost vs savings for each. Really a great reference book. For example, onshore wind and solar can save 12 Trillion by 2050 at a net cost of about a Trillion. As soon as gitlab sprung up, I got unlimited free repos and shortly after CI. I'm happy with this competition. anyone up for a relevant xkcd? https://xkcd.com/2128/ maybe a disaster is a poorly managed incident. You perhaps cant stop incidents but can stop poor management of them I review proposals all the time and this is still standard language. Yes, it is a metric. The following is BS "proof by restatement of requirements". 1. Always >= 0 (what is a negative character edit?) 2. It satisfies identiy in that if no edits are required to make them equal, metric distance is 0 and they are equal (applies to either ordering of strings A->B and B->A) 3. It is symmetric (run the edits backwards to get B->A instead of A->B) 4. It satisfies triangle inequality. exercise left to reader, but intuitive since the edit distance is always the "shortest path" through character changes between two strings A and B, and deviating to visit an intermediate string C would not decrease number of edits from A->C->B vs original path A->B I'm sleep deprived due to "offspring induced insomnia" so take this with a grain of salt. Yes. LA has rail that will get you downtown and to Hollywood. As a commuting replacement, its abysmal. To get to work, the rail is never quicker than just driving, even on bad days. Ive lived close and far, and it never made sense from a time or sanity perspective vs just leaving 35 minutes earlier. Abolishing parking will never happen in LA, because that would force people to get off the roads. It's a car culture here. Also, its a good idea .. everyone in my building seems to buy their porche or audi and park it in the middle of their allocated two parking spots in the ramp below the apartments. I am so curious as to what a fully blind person would find most enjoyable about legos. Does the texture or shape hold special meaning? I imagine hoding a model car in your hands is like "zooming out" for a blind person, enabling a contextual perspective that they cant get when interacting with the real world thing. I imagine that scaling up to a whole new understanding of the world. Imagine the first lego set of the space shuttle a blind space enthusiast builds, and the immense set of knowledge that they cant otherwise get. What a great idea to make this easier for them! Launches are often filmed from aircraft for promotional purposes. So yes, they are probably intended to be read from above, just nothing so drastic as spy sats. Looks like the venerable i3 ( https://i3wm.org/ ). The workhorse of workspacing for this guy. Isn't this a tautology? It's the same with all probanalistic descriptions of a phenomenon, isnt it? You can use probability to model all kinds of things that you cannot (yet) directly model, cannot observe, and do not understand. It seems natural that it's a way to describe a system not well understood. Isn't many worlds what you get when you interpret the Randomized Model as Truth? Anduril has a nice model. It's not unique to Anduril, but it is nice. Most R&D places with eventual infusion / sale to acquisition partners start with IRaD funding and move on to small scale demos and sales. I can't comment on the major acquisitions like fighter jets and aircraft carriers, but this feels natural and familiar when it comes to these advanced, small-scale, systems-level engineering projects. In my experience in a corner of this field, I can say that's less true than you think (there are many more partners), but competition is still not quite strong enough. "fly towards" doesn't scale too well with the huge speed difference. Your intercept cone is super narrow when jets travel 10x your quads speed. Then factor in altitude and this approach only works near airports, where defense is arguably easiest. where this works really, really well is with boats. Iran did this with 15m RHIBs. I work on these problems directly. Its scarey but mostly because we're not thinking about it, not because it's something we can't prevent. Don't get me started on all the truly horrifying things commercial drones are capable of even worse than airline terror. Drones have 10 to 30 minute loiter time, and they don't reach 10k feet. You're overestimating the ability of small craft to detect, track, and even reach the operational area of large passenger jets. These things are moving at hundred or more meters per second vs a drones ... 15? By the time a vision system had enough pixels on target to detect, it would have seconds to move into position in front of it. And how exactly is it supposed to know the jets velocity and heading? Let alone it must hit the inside of the engine to do more than become a scratch on the paint. Still, takeoff and landing maybe ... But still this kind of visual detection, tracking, and maneuvering is harder than you think. Handwritten notes are much more effective when having conversations and taking notes. Programmers often pull out their laptops or phones when talking with eachother, but when talking to scientists, they always seem to use paper, and so I've taken up that habit as well. (using bullet journalling mostly) I then transcribe into a collected note markdown document in github, which forces me to complete the first spaced repetition of the information, which is a huge help in remembering it. Then, I keep all notes in one document, so that when I review todos for the day, I have to scroll past / search through the other ones, completing more spaced repetition cues. The only bad part of typing is it seems to allow a quicker conveyance of thought to word, which starts to make it sound like speech rather than concise text. When I'm writing a note by hand, I tend to use BLUF or TLDR mode with bullets for supporting points. When typing, I can just about hit stream-of-consciousness rates of symbol transfer, which means I need to edit 2-3 times to get a concise email or document. Reminds me of Space Pirates and Zombies, at least cosmetically. "On asteroids" is definitely my new favorite phrase. I used to fancy myself a starving artist (emphasis on "starving"). These pictures suffer from a common newbie-artist problem! One of the concepts of early stage drawing I noticed is "symbol drawing". This is where a person knows how an eye should look, and where an eye should go on the face, and so draws an eye on a face-shaped oval. They repeat this for the other eye, a nose, a mouth, etc. They are often sad with the results. A person who practices incorrectly will try to do photorealistic eyes, noses, mouths, etc but use the same 2D composition technique. No matter how realistically they can render components, their composition is off because they are ignoring the structure of a face that causes subtle differences in the shape of each of the components when projected onto a sheet of paper . Our mind is so capable of 3D modelling that when we look at a face we don't notice the changes in perspective leading to changes in component shape and shading. The great artist skill is to build up those 3D to 2D projections and avoid the 2D composition (except in stylistic choices). I suspect that the networks rendering these faces, and the underlying biological phenomena they are designed against, are "symbol" recognizers, rather than "structural" recognizers. Furthermore, I'd go so far as to say that the reason these faces "feel" weird sometimes is that your mind is reconstructing the structure of the fictitious persons' bodies and warning you that they have bones that are misshapen and lumps under their eyes, and teeth that point strangely, etc. A biological response might be "misshapen eye ... likely parasite detected, avoid this person" or "mismatched emotional cues ... likely brain damage / person unpredictable, avoid" That was my impression as well! It looks like those projects where a kid did the initial sketch and a skilled artist did a photo-real rendering. In a sense, 3D models are the ultimate compression of 2D information, and therefore the most amenable of 2D transfer learning? Learn maybe. But its easy to construct 3d information from 2d observations. See structure from motion, shape from shadow, Voxel carving, and even orbit determination. Learn to sculpt! For me, a few hours making faces from clay was all it took to teach my mind the mapping from 3d to 2d. This forces you to think from 2d to 3d by taking an image you have in your mind and forcing you to build 3d support for it. Then, do still life sketches of what you sculpt, no matter how bad. This seemed to reinforce the other direction for me. That and play Descent 2. Do you (or anyone) have recommendations on a type of meditation that does not totally disengage your mind? I have a problem that after lots of meditation I become more disengaged and "spacey". Its fine to look at myself in a detached way, but sometimes I want appropriate engagement with those feelings. During stressful times I don't end up more engaged or challenged, I just feel "checked out". This became pervasive in social situations as well. Well, I'm confused. Something seems off. Evolutionary pressures / adaptations over 8000 years would just as likely make a population less likely to suffer adverse effects from, for example, alcohol. (see sickle cell tradeoffs in malaria-risky areas). This genetic syndrome you reference makes damage from alcohol 4x more likely over time . We'd expect long-time drinking societies to have higher alcohol tolerance to better avoid adverse effects of drinking. Fast food has never been a cornerstone of healthy living, and I reckon few people eat hamburgers at home. The real benefit, in my mind, is not removing the staple treat of fast food from the market, while vastly reducing our need to farm red meat. I would posit adoption of plant based diets "under the hood" of fast food (and hopefully restaurants) is one of the easiest, most effective ways of dramatically reducing red meat consumption. This has an enormous impact. Most cropland is used for livestock feed, and 1/3 of ALL US LAND is used for pasture. This is why a plant based diet is on the top 10 ways to fight global climate change (4. Plant-rich diet), and starts to remove incentives for slash-and-burn agriculture (5. Better tropical forest health). Growing a lb of meat requires significantly more land, water, (and therefore fertilizer, etc), than the equivalent macros from plants. "That is, even if nothing about our energy infrastructure or transportation system changed—and even if people kept eating chicken and pork and eggs and cheese—this one dietary change could achieve somewhere between 46 and 74 percent of the reductions needed to meet the target. " https://getpocket.com/explore/item/if-everyone-ate-beans-ins... https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2018-us-land-use/ https://www.drawdown.org/the-book Next we should tackle ethanol (1/3 of corn yields go to ethanol). Any "well it may not be better for you" argument against this approach does seem to ignore that we believed red meat was bad for you for decades and we still spend so much of our resources growing red meat. Fair dues, that was dumb. They are probably using negative space (e.g., what they did not fill in) to show the picture. Sure, this is often used to show two pictures at once, but I don't think that's the case here. I think it's mirrored vertically to further reinforce the trope from preschool of cutting out shapes from folded construction paper. The priorities currently for Mars seem to be gathering correlated data to strengthen or weaken the case overall. https://mars.nasa.gov/mars2020/mission/instruments/ 100% of programs have bugs. 100% of programs have bugs. We can't expect to hold the bleeding edge to the same rigor as, say, a flight computer. It's sometimes literally the first implementation of an algorithm or procedure. The comments here using words like "disease" and such are not wrong, just tilting at the wrong windmill. The problem, I think, is not the initial bugs, but the lack of maintenance and improvement over time. You should be able to contribute to these projects, and receive credit akin to publishing a new result. Authors and contributors (and bug-fixers) should receive more credit for the subsequent results derived from their software. This aligns incentives more properly: The researchers struggling to gain insight using tools can trust the tools, and they are incentivized to make their new tools useful to the community, rather than publish-and-forget. You should be able to contribute to these software projects, and receive credit akin to publishing a new result. Authors and contributors (and bug-fixers) should receive more credit for the subsequent results derived from their software. This aligns incentives more properly: The researchers struggling to gain insight using tools can trust the tools, and they are incentivized to make their new tools useful to the community, rather than publish-and-forget. Many of the best-used robotics packages are handled in this way. The ROS paper itself has thousands of citations. But it might be tough to get tenure doing that, and few jobs will support those efforts outside robotics startups or research labs, and often proprietary is the law of the land in those domains. And outside tech R and D, where software still rules but isn't a core competency, you'll likely never have success with this model, sadly Given there are no overlapping subproblems, I think greedy is optimal[1]. The point was to show primal I(L)P with dual decomposition. 1. You're right, a counter example for greedy (with 2 appox) looks something like: c1=.5+eps, v1=1, c2=.5, v2=.5+eps, B=2. Knapsack version https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knapsack_problem#Definition where "coupons" are items with costs and values. Most research is useless. It's almost inevitable. But this is stupid levels of over-hype, and it has nothing to do with academia / business. It has everything to do with overbranding and rushing the hype. https://twitter.com/SarahTaber_bww/status/117189568344985600... Most spacecraft are already unmanned. It's redundant. They're giving an opportunity for wealthier patrons to subsidize the pesticide-free production of food. Yes, they can ask for all of it to be bee playground, but markets still exist and food prices still will fluctuate Nice enthusiastic post but the adaptive shutter speed example is a bit specious. Maybe. I am bothered that there's an unofficial pre-election in the US that is called campaign financing. It skews candidates towards the wealthy, corporate backed, or populist. If elections were publicly financed somehow, then perhaps we'd see a more representative selection. At least they wouldn't be beholden to donors as often. Yes, yes. Rules seem cumbersome. But access to the public makes a candidate more successful, and that costs money. Therefore those with the most money should be the most successful, to the point that policital pundits will report on dollars raised as an indication of campaign success. Slavery and suffrage were eventually fixed. perhaps it's revisionist, but I'm told most founders wanted it one way, and wrote non binding language such as this, while punting legal battles to actually implement these principles in favor of diplomacy. It always amazes me how they dress up the most mundane results (not that all dressed-up results from NASA are mundane!). I must have played fallout 2 thirty times through as a kid, and Fallout 1 a half dozen. I'm now (finally) giving 4 the time it deserves. It's truly a gem on par with 2, IMHO, especially a after playing New Vegas and wanting to have the kind of options I have in 4 (settlements, crafting to the extreme, etc). Perhaps I'd have been a more productive member of society had I started businesses, graduated earlier, or done more R&D with these hours, but these were real parts of my life then and now, like stories or movies or beloved books. Part of the measure of my life's accomplishments is having time to indulge in these interactive art pieces. That is a shame. But Fallout 2 had ... zero dynamic content? It was absolutely the same scripted events and environments every time, with the exception of random encounters, which I never prioritized "farming". New Vegas was a special beast, with its myraid choices and great writing. I will have to replay that. But FO4 on survival mode is a great experience, with plenty of danger and tradeoffs, and so much that I literally cannot do everything (I fail quests just due to lack of fast travel sometimes). And for that, I can thank Bethesda for a new kind of "more real" fallout experience. Yes. The semi-sad partial victory of the large quest arcs was what I loved about F1,2. There's definitely less in 3+, (wont rehash exceptions elsewhere in comments). I havent! Im about 150 hours into my first playthough of Fo4 (which is possibly why I'm ok with less replay for that game) You know, Ive got almost 150 hours on Fallout 4, and I'm not done with the main arc and havent started Far Harbor. On survival, I had to be careful and theres no fast (or safe!) travel. I'm not sure I'll need a second playthough at this rate! I could not agree more about self driving cars. They will disrupt and cause us to actually look at our terrible transportation infastructure, not learn to survive in it. CPR. Basic first aid. When your child or spouse is choking, bleeding, or unconscious, you will not care about anything else. Ridiculous. Hindsight applied to NASA missions is the worst kind of selective thinking. The mandate was always zero tolerance for failure, first-of-its-kind missions not driven by reprodiceability or commercialization. By definition, NASA moves away from what can be given to commercial partners. SpaceX is 50 years behind the curve for getting to Mars, so yeah, it's going to be cheaper. And you better believe SpaceX is hiring from a knowledge base built by government funding be it NASA or DoD. Its absolutely no coincidence that funds are distributed across the country and businesses are employed where possible aka pork. To get congress behind a massive public scientific venture that's never been done... that's what you have to do nowadays. Dont blame the engineers (NASA) for bad management (congress). I was hoping to add an original thought to this thread, but you nailed 80% of my point. The remaining 20% is that music allows "chunking"[1] complex knowledge into a single song that's easy to remember. 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chunking_(psychology) NASA has a few trajectories, IMHO. One they can become the "FCC/FAA of space". The last A is "Administration" of course. This should not be considered depressing, as the scientists and engineers currently on the front line of NASA discoveries are already often associated with other institutions and could easily follow the trend. Two, they can become the science arm or funding agency for space-related science. This is very close to their actual role. You don't see a ton of commercial submersible traffic, for example, and Earth should definitely be considered fully commercialized and infastructure-supported, and yet NASA still funds, designs, and operates missions for Earth science. So, there's no reason to think that NASA will somehow fade into the background for good. As I've often said, if someone "solves" launch and "solves" telcom over interplanetary distances and "solves" transport of humans and "solves" logistics at a dozen AU, then NASA can finally focus on just instruments, experiments, and science. It's like you've been building your own car and highway and computer every time you want to go to work, and someone comes along with commercial versions. You are more productive. The third trajectory is liquidation. NASA can become a funding agency like DARPA or NSF, leaning on their past glory to inspire a new generation with fancy-titled grant calls for science experiments at scale. I personally believe it's a convex combination, and my favorite weights are about 1/5, 3/5, 1/5, meaning they'll focus mostly on deployment of science instruments supported by commercially-designed platforms, technology, etc, and release calls and grants to other institutions to propose science experiments and develop non-profitable technologies that industry will necessarily ignore. Coincidentally, this is about how they operate on Earth. This is a little strange to say, given there's things like the FCC in every country as well. There's also corresponding international organizations, but the FCC is the US's version. This sounds fine. It's a catastrophic failure test. They push until it breaks, then it broke, and they were very close to their designed target (within 1%). If they had gone 1% past their designed target, they would have been upset, as they could have made the plane lighter. They were 1% short of design limit, they are upset because they'll have to add reinforcement. Have you seen the wing failure test? I worked for the company that did these tests (they did them before I worked there), and they still talk about how upset the engineers were that it went over spec in strength. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ai2HmvAXcU0 You missed the point completely. The point is: There's nothing wrong with being off target in these failure tests, and it's normal what happened in both cases. I'm getting mildly amused at the spate of articles that zoom in on exponentially-distributed phenomena and find some kind of scale invariance. seems to me radiated heat should indicate internal done-ness. Maybe a heat feedback somehow. things should absorb heat until they reach equilibrium, regardless, no? TFA mentions associate degrees as "white collar" which is a bit off. To be a machinist often requires a 2 year cert. I think some of this should be a certification/licensure process rather than a degree. FWIW, TFA separated by "high school or lower" vs. "more than high school". This includes 1 or 2 year tech school which are affordable and accessible. To be a machinist or welder can require a training program like this. I'm not clear on whether that's well represented in this article. Yes. I know from personal experience. Some machines require programming cuts to specifications, measuring and reasoning about tolerances, and understanding the loss of precision during routine use. > or a machinist/technical degree Two year certificate at a community college. I hate to break it to you, but I know a lot of people who take this route, buy houses, and live fulfilling lives with decent salaries for their area. In rural Minnesota, an electrician can buy a 4 bedroom house, new truck, and take 2 or 3 hunting trips a year to Canada. A machinist makes about the same, and can get a decent job in a 20-30 worker plant, as described in this article. And yes, traditional high school has not prepared us for this, but the workarounds are there. Many community colleges will allow concurrent study for an associates, often at reduced or subsidized cost. In Saint Paul, MN, you can attend a local community college for free if you graduate high school. I frankly have the opposite opinion. Parents pushed kids to get a bachelors, the gov pushed kids to it, and colleges played along, and kids who had no aspirations to white collar desk jobs ended up with degrees that didn't help them. Nay! Moveable type is still sometimes used to print that metalic lettering on high end cards. Before college, I worked one of those machines. OK. You're probably right. I still hate it. There's not a viable explanation that doesn't make it seem shortsighted and greedy (personally, and possibly due to HN filter). Why is R&D not a good investment suddenly? Shortage of tech workers (blah blah) ...? Good on her. She's seen the value of quality engineering over quality humor. kinetic energy per unit time per unit mass, was the plotted relationship. Your counter example is not fully counter without those divisors. Further, warheads were not factored. e.g. the nuke part. ICBMs are hardly more useful in modern conflicts, given they are never deployed. A 9mm is quite often deployed , but lets get quantitative over coffee. Option 1: - ICBM: 3e2 kg warhead [1] to 1.1e6m at cost of 3.3e4 kg launch vehicle mass [2] - KE > 3e2 * 1.1e6 * g - T ~ 1800 s per shot - R1 > (3e2 * 1.1e6 * g) / (3.3e4 * 1800 ) - R1 > 5.556 g ~ 54.48 Option 2: - 9mm: 300 J, ~1kg launch vehicle mass [3] - KE = 300J - T ~ .5s per shot - R2 ~ (300) / (.5 * 1 ) - R2 ~ 600 Comparing, the 9mm outperforms the ICBM by this measure according to my under-caffeinated math and googling (please check). But they are suprisingly close. ICBMs are optimized for the longest tail of reach, rather than a nice tradeoff of fire rate, carry weight, throw weight, etc, so this roughly makes sense. Also we should consider the roughly 40 years difference in design and deployment of the two systems, which may remove the order of magnitude advantage of the 9mm. Not also, we've ignored the lateral velocity of the ICBM. 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/W87 2. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LGM-25C_Titan_II 3. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/9%C3%9719mm_Parabellum EDIT formatting. Right. Theres tons of prior dependencies that could be used with regular old planning and scheduling. Deciding what you need right now is actually trivial with that stock knowledge, and ML might help with where or how to get it, etc. But I dont think the problem is to get Minecraft agents that can make diamond swords ... it's to use only ML to make agents, which means throwing away all that. That's fine. It's not a total wash: "The studies reviewed also implicate the role of yoga in functioning of the dlPFC and the amygdala (see Fig. 4). Gothe et al. [24] found that yoga practitioners demonstrated decreased dlPFC activation during the encoding phase of a working memory task in comparison to the controls. Froelinger et al. [30] also found yoga practitioners to be less reactive in the right dlPFC when viewing the negatively valanced images on the affective Stroop task. Task-relevant targets activate the dlPFC, whereas emotional distractors activate the amygdala [49]. Exerting cognitive control over emotional processes leads to increased activation in the dlPFC, with corresponding reciprocal deactivation in the amygdala [50, 51]. The studies suggest that when emotional experience occurred within the context of a demanding task situation, yoga practitioners appeared to resolve emotional interference via recruitment of regions of the cortex that subserve cognitive control. Plausibly, these findings may indicate that yoga practitioners selectively recruit neurocognitive resources to disengage from negative emotional information processing and engage the cognitive demands presented by working memory and inhibitory control tasks demonstrating overall neurocognitive resource efficiency." [discussion, ¶5] To a literate outsider, this does not seem like hand-wavey bullshit and seems to establish the signal->source->implication chain you request. This just happened to be where I was in the article when I read your comment. Fair enough. But isnt their statement (and citation) that exerting emotional control directly correlates with measured increases in a particular region ... exactly what we want to see? If all people exerting emotional control exhibit red ears, and yoga practcioners have less red ears when under stressful focused tasks, it does seem reasonable that less emotional control is required. That logic is sound, right? Awkward future-history fan fiction. There's better ways to get this warning and details about how it might unfold. I recommend On China, World Order, and Destined for War. a million sequential memory accesses should not take 5 seconds. Maybe 5 ms. Most likely the time is spent on VM /interpreter startup and shutdown, OS overhead, etc. Given the downvotes, I'm fairly certain I missed the direction of discussion. 5 seconds is an astronomical amount of time to do something as described in the parent comment. But now we're timing an optimizing compiler, and not an interpreted program of 1 million lines. I understand that you couldn't generate a program of 1 million lines, but still, I would expect compilation to take longer than execution for just about any non-looping program. Again, I am missing the direction of this discussion. Compilation is technically NP-Hard, meaning it scales very poorly, as you described, whereas interpretation is not (no register allocation, etc). https://cs.stackexchange.com/questions/22435/time-complexity... I occasionally see a therapist, drive a safe car outside rush hour, avoid drugs, get a flu shot, do not live in areas with high violence statistics, exercise and wear sun screen, but simply have no recourse against most gun violence. The magnitude of risk is commensurate with problems we take head on, but somehow it's wrong to consider gun violence preventable or a worthy issue. Thats great, but it reads about 10% better than a markov process generating related words, which of course is about freshmen English level writing. Most of the article cannot be parsed with all the mild non sequitors. I beleive I'm as prepared as I can be against random stabbings or hammers. Also, I often carry a knife. I'm genuinely curious about the benefits of minimally restricted gun ownership. In a game theoretic sense, theres only two stable power dynamics. 1. Nobody has weapons 2. Everyone does. Otherwise, the power dynamic is so skewed as to be trivially exploitable. But thats not actually what I asked. What are the benefits of minimally restricted availability of weapons or how do I find a "canonical list" of such benefits? (also, option 2 is not possible either. What you propose is trending towards 2 has some scaling of benefit, and I believe the opposite: that removing as much as possible the possibility of gun violence will have far reaching de-escalating effects on police, politics, health, etc etc.) I just dont have a clear picture of how proliferation of guns helps to prevent gun violence except perhaps in the limiting, unobtainable case where everyone fears immediate lethal reprisal for any violent act? You need to seperate publicity statements or interview answers from technical contributions. They are so incompatible as to be meaningless comparisons and are intended for totally different uses. I doubt he or any senior engineer at any company would make a statement like that in a design discussion or product review, but they'd all turn around wave hands at the future like that over beers with a journalist. A $3500 suit (sold only to feds) is not a recourse against random acts of violence. Body plating is not either. This is lunacy to recommend as a common man / everyday solution that takes the place of regulation and enforcement. Ive never found a practical implementation of particle filters that was deployed on a real system. PF are a poor choice for tracking a solution that does not have wildly divergent measurements that can cause "lost robot" types of situations. Even then, PF is a fine temporary and high cost stopgap to converge to a "filterable" solution with only one predominant mode / a tight cluster of oarticles. At that point, a closed form approximate filter makes better sense in terms of cpu cost, memory, etc. Save the memory for feature maps and the CPU cost for iterations or at worst a few extra hypotheses on your primary filter. UKF is, in my mind, a principled version of the particle filter. Its a really clean way of operating and I cant emphasize enough the power of explicitly conditioning on decision variables, i.e. multi hypothesis formulations of UKF, EKF, or even Batch filters, all of which require orders of magnitude less CPU / mem. (e.g. I'm not sure about this echo or that, so I'll propegate explicitly conditioned on those unknowns two reasonable hypotheses that are effectively unimodal rather than sampling the entire posterior probability space). The exponential set of probabilities then allows you to take action to remove hypotheses or trim by weight. And, this is only required when you encounter huge uncertainties nonlinearities or multimodalities, so it is explicitly adaptive to the situation. I've never seen a sampling or reweighting strategy that provides a decent job of this. PF is throwing CPU and memory at the problem, and it does reasonably well but for anything Ive worked on or dug into, the CPU and Memory is alwayd better used elsewhere in the system. MH EKF has worked much better for range, bearing, and visual association in TRL 9 applications I've worked on. I love the (seeming) resurgence of C, Rust, and C++ articles on HN. Not sure if it's robotics, IoT, webdevs longing for simpler and stricter frameworks or what. But I love it. Alright, I'll condense: High level statements about vague possibilities are perfectly fine in some settings, but not in otheres. They sure smell like bullshit in a highly technical setting, or to people who always take the most technical angle. All comments seem to recommend a good old filter over an ionizer. Would an ionizer in series with a filter (e.g. in air ducts ) be more effective than a filter itself? I'd like to keep this conversation going. Maybe email me or find me on keybase from my bio. I understand that regulation is enormously inconvenient for owners. But making it easy to acquire firearms isnt a benefit of more people owning firearms, its a prerequisite. I want to understand why people should own firearms at the level of scenario 2 above. I use todo.md, and have VIM highlight "[ ]", "[x]", "[>]", "[v]", and "[-]" for bullet-journal-like TODO, DONE, Deferred, Dropped, and FAILED, respectively. Similarly, I use todo.md, and have VIM highlight "[ ]", "[x]", "[>]", "[v]", and "[-]" for bullet-journal-like TODO, DONE, Deferred, Dropped, and FAILED, respectively. (too late to edit) Like this: https://github.com/jodavaho/bashlog Dust Bowl? I think the downvotes are because it's 150k one time stipend for R&D, i.e. a grant for research. Salaries may be separate. A good sentiment which doesnt work when bad faith actors take advantage of openness to capitalize on the race to profitable product by standing on (and not sharing with) the folks who struggle with and funded the enabling R&D. Free and Open Research is Knowledge as a Commons, and is just as vulnerable to bad faith actors as any other Tragedy of thr Commons. Tangential: That face is not the one I would have pictured when looking at the IR image. It looks like some weird "white-hot" version of IR plus ambient lighting, and once transformed, lost the mustache entirely. I'm sure there's a reluctance to put out the real capabilities directly, but I'm also sure there's a reluctance to put out the real weaknesses directly. Well I suppose so! It definitely kept the top hair so I assumed it would be matching as-is. What I instinctively interpreted that as is "branching factor". i.e. the number of subjects at each management node. Tall companies have many middle managers (middlemen) but small teams with no slack. Flat companies have large groups and infrequent interaction with leads or managers. Perhaps more slack, perhaps more ambiguity and less direction. Both can be unhealthy. What you describe is the effect of war, not its origin. Ironmongers get rich from war, but they probably don't make the conflict happen. How could Northrup Grumman force the invasion of Kuwait to improve F117 sales? NASA engineer here. I assure you we would be on the moon right now if it was a top priority in the Decadal Surveys. Its not. Recently, there's been a re-rush to the moon policy wise, and its been utterly delightful to watch astrobotic and several other companies step up to the plate so we dont have to. I was, just last week, working on a robotic payload for just one of those lunar landers, and my friends are working on even more ambitious ones. "Someone in China could have done it, but the knowledge and experience is not as widespread as it is in other nations" It gives context on how to interpret the two results. China can do great things, but it may not have the pipeline of engineers set up to enable widespread commercialization of those great things. California allows two candidates from the same party to run against eachother. Do other states not? Edit: I misunderstood. IMHO because R's instantly become disenfranchised. Only if voting were compulsory would it work as prev suggested, and thats not realistic. Agree. Throwing prior weights into hyperparameter sets is not helpful. If each hyperparameter or architecture decision were rigorously tied to an interpretable event or process, we'd have much better explainability and traceability. Its a step in the right direction to try. Its really hard to retrain bad impressions of how to punch, stand, step, and weave. BJJ does not come with so much prior baggage to upack, but it does have a more technical sequence of moves to learn. Sort of. Life on Mars would provide an instance of life AND filter, since that life has not progressed over billions of years and is likely extinct. And that filter would be very likely behind us, given life on mars was very likely more primitive than it is on Earth. OP and TFA meant "Would a similar method of observing a complex, connected system of systems work on a less complex example like a microchip if we had just up and found one?" There were more visits to libraries than movie theaters. If you are not confused, this might be an indication that the comment will not provide any new information for you. If the comment provided no new information to you, it might be an indication you're not confused (and it was therefore not farted in your general direction) There's two part pressure needed for every change: good alternatives and disincentives for the old option. Hey man there's a query here! IMHO, facts don't sell anything. Defining an option as better isn't sufficient. Disincentives for the status quo are not necessarily taxes or legislation. A powerful disincentive is "missing out" on a "movement" or "being left behind". Adding busses doesn't feel like a "movement", but car-less cities has a nice Green Dream ring to it that might garner support from the right demographics by allowing a moral high ground. There will be increasing disincentive pressure against neighborhoods that allow cars, by a migration of commercial business to car-less areas, perhaps, or a loss of property values in those car-packed areas. But for those disincentives to be effective, they should be given time in the spotlight. Slight correction: "We took a classroom of students and measured their performance with coding challenges in a situation that bears no resemblance to actual business operations with no middle-management, insane CEO requests, or office politics. We observed that several high-impact comparisons could be made, similar to literature suggesting a 10x programmer. However, we found that comparing a student to himself often results in >10x results, and that other comparisons often used in literature could produce >10x from this dataset, which obviously had very few true outlier talents or performances. Therefore, we conclude that the story is varied and that individual variance overtime outweighs cross-individual variance at any specific time." They found no true outliers in this group, but were able to make comparisons which did seem to show fantastic 10x (or 24x) outperformances. From this you may conclude that comparing programmers is difficult and likely to produce misleading metrics. They found that 95% of programmers had such high variance in their day-to-day that Bob on Monday might be >10x with respect to Bob on Tuesday. And, this variance dwarfed the variance between Bob and Alice, one of whom may be a supposed 10x programmer. My favorite book on this exact sentiment (with healthy doses of neuroscience) is Happiness Hypothesis. Recommended! Yes, and in rotating-wing configurations (e.g., helicopters), the lift is basically calculated using the momentum of the column of air being forced downward + the momentum of the chassis. By accelerating air downward in a column below the rotating wingspan, the column of air gains a net negative momentum (downward), necessitating a net positive (upward) momentum to the chassis to keep the system's momentum conserved. This principle seems to work just fine for me w.r.t. fixed wings. This may help. It's a guide to the equation describing lift as a function of blade angle of attack, air density, and true airspeed. https://sciencing.com/calculate-lift-rotor-blades-7680704.ht... So, the American Dream as upward mobility for established citizens was never true? Yes, any application requiring direct heat avoids electric heater losses. Alternatively, using this to generate electricity runs up against thermal electric losses. Adding: I think there is some selection bias. Those who self-select to move to the US probably already have motivation, means, etc to get to the US and the intelligence to manage the complicated immigration process. Then, there's the "burn the ships" part, where you simply must succeed because there's no option of leaving. I read it differently. My takeaway (and I think he says as much in the article) was, by being bad among those who practice, you can be 95%ile among those who participate . "I'm also not referring to 95%-ile among people who practice regularly. The "one weird trick" is that, for a lot of activities, being something like 10%-ile among people who practice can make you something like 90%-ile or 99%-ile among people who participate." In this case, "participate" should include casuals, and "practice" should not. Thats not clear in TFA. I have personally found this to be true in most arenas, esp casual adult sports or music or hobbies like drawing. At one time some in my gym (wrongly) thought I was a great boxer, but sure enough I was abysmal in competitions but stellar compared to gym goers. Among practicing boxers I was mediocre to bad, among participating non-fighters, I appeared much better. And after a very small amount of actual participation, all those gym goers were downright intimidating to non-participants / nonfighters. This is why I tell people to try out self defense classes. A little practice elevates you above 90% of those who might do violence against you in the world. There's no difference. Except that the processing and shipping of ions is passive / much easier. Contrasted with large permeable membrane plants that have to burn power to push all that brine out into the ocean. Same, of course. I added some bash aliases to make it much easier to write to the file, and use markdown instead to allow tracking todos easier. I also added a vim command to push it to github while editing. These just remove barriers to opening and syncing the file, but the concept is the same. You can see the result here: https://github.com/jodavaho/bashlog Same, of course. I added some bash aliases to make it much easier to write to the file, and use markdown instead to allow tracking todos easier. I also added a vim command to push it to github while editing. These just remove barriers to opening and syncing the file, but the concept is the same. You can see the result here: https://github.com/jodavaho/bashlog I find it reassuring that CBT, OP, and this thread agree. I find it reassuring that many times similar concepts were re discovered. For those who do too, I recommend the book Happiness Hypothesis, which delves into psychology, biology, evolution, anthropology, religion and tries to unify some themes. It does very well and backs with decades of studies. Awesome! I worked lately with Arun on a proposal to do some R&D on this topic. Great to see it getting some sunlight. But man, talking about "the JPL" reads awkwardly. I think that was an ad hoc example to illustrate the tech, not an actual use. It actually makes no sense in context; Ive worked from the cafeteria a lot, the coffee is endless and nobody knows where I am. NASA builds, deploys, and operates the largest and most successful space exploration network in history and will hold that distinction for the forseeable future. The lunar campaign seems designed to force commercial partners to step up and become the UPS and Uber service for future NASA instruments and missions. You seem to be focused soley on SLS as a failure case and forget that when it comes to huge campaigns with fast turn arounds and zero room for error they dont have the funding model period . Russia, Iran, NK, a number of countries we ignore in Africa. This is oversimplified. Anything ITAR or EAR or commercial proprietary related to tech would be prime to extract but would be worked by million(s) US persons with no further background screen beyond basic employability checks. US Gov secret and above requires lots of checks ... but the breadth of the human attack surface for commercial or ITAR technology combined with the Equifax data would in fact be an ace in the hole. Its a somewhat educated guess if they would but I meant who answer who might . I personally anticipate an escalation of tensions along NATO / non-NATO lines and exploitation of destabilized regions. It's almost inevitable, classic Thucydides trap combined with NATO. https://foreignpolicy.com/2017/06/09/the-thucydides-trap/ Depends. Iran has (allegedly) committed what could be constituted as acts of war already. With the US in a heightened state of engagement in direct conflict with China and possibly regional actors, the Gulf of Oman seems like a great place to touch off a regional conflict. But, a war with China (direct conflict) would be the Naval set-piece battle the US has been dreaming of for decades. Much like how Iraq was the combined arms showcase dreamed of post Cold War. US has struggled at asymmetric combat against regional bad actors, as evidenced nearly everywhere, but your assertion that somehow China would be able to leverage that type of warfighting when their O&G infrastructure and major threat projection airbases are on islands or near shore does not compute. It would be ugly, not straightforward, not "Iraq on water" ... but it would be much different than wargames in geographically tight confines with limited rules of engagement. The US and allies still do hold the Pacific mostly as their own backyard, and that would need to change to tip the balance toward China. Agree. Revealing China as an untrustworthy world partner would serve US interests much more than sending in the Marines. I hear you and I see the consistency of your arguments, and acknowledge development and production failures and large budgets, but disagree it implies incompetence across the board. Hand washing. Modern disease control and prevention is borderline magic. Hand-washing is clearly the most important lifesaving and disease preventing invention in modern times. Materially ... Well, "yourself" precludes anything computerized, unless you mean "program". It also precludes a huge range of materials science advances. Technically, you can make steel and concrete yourself with enough real-world minecrafting, and good steel or concrete is probably hands down the most important factor in all our chemical, structural, and industrial processes. Luckily there's a book with the most important inventions to re-engineer a complex, sustainable society called The Knowledge, and just about everything in there is build-able by a determined individual or small group (until you get to modern things). Not suprisingly, it mostly focuses on agriculture, medicine, steel, and concrete. Oops, you are correct. The modern connection to germ theory is most important. Very good references! Thank you! I do think the author tried to relay concepts and hints, rather than recipes. Given the compactness, a group of people starting largely from scratch and taking the book on faith could figure out a lot of stuff. I take this plainly without irony as evidence for the restriction of foreign government-controlled infastructure in series with trusted communication. From what I can tell, we keep the best people around, or maintain good ties with them as they are leaving to ensure knowledge transfer. Many come back because they find the work environment to be unmatched elsewhere. ".. and whether large tech companies are making potentially anticompetitive acquisitions of nascent or potential competitors that fall below HSR filing thresholds and therefore do not need to be reported to the antitrust agencies." Forgive me, but isn't this pretty much how it's run? Smother your competition with cash and hope they all retire, and absorb their IP? Isn't this also one version of the startup dream? For me, nothing beats the mechanical calculator used to calculate torpedo firing solutions in WWII. It was a sophisticated differential equation solver that kept a real-time updated firing solution using ... gears. There's a whole maintenance and operations manual beautifully scanned here[1]. I've wanted to build one forever, but lack the time and expertise. 1. https://maritime.org/tech/tdc.htm I'm confused by the portrayal of these as mental models. These are aphorisms[1]. A mental model is a reduced-complexity representation of something that allows prediction or estimation of something that is otherwise incomprehensible[2]. This "Map is not the territory" one in particular is more of a word of wisdom or admonition against oversimplification than a process simplification that allows quick decision making. Second-order-thinking is not a mental model. It is a way of constructing mental models about things. You can add second-order-thinking to your mental model of how stones roll down hills or how people will react to your speech. They must be interrogated as you contemplate actions to determine the best outcome, and therefore the best action[3]. TFA is clickbait. 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aphorism 2. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mental_model 3. http://www.modeltheory.org/papers/2005HistoryMentalModels.pd... Circle of competence is a guiding principle of where to trust your models. It is not a model. How can I "query" the model to "predict" an outcome about my competence at a highly general level? I can't, but I can query a model of (e.g.,) an interviewer to see how he might respond to a joke, get a response, and then apply a high value of uncertainty to that response because it is outside my circle of competence (telling jokes is not something I'm good at). "Don't trust your unvetted models" is a better way of saying this. Do you believe that the Chinese people would not have benefitted, had the alleged activities not occurred? If so, then they are a sort of state-level robin-hood. If not, then the theft was greed and treachery. I have no reason to believe that this was necessary for progress. The allegation is not copying, the allegation is fraudulent agreements with US companies, and dishonest corporate espionage. Can anyone really develop new technology, bring it to market, have it immediately brought by a competitor with zero R&D investment, and expect to compete? Is there something that is supposed to be magical about US technology that this scenario does not apply? What is with this argument that US did it 150 years ago (or X years), so it must be OK for China to do it? Is that how it works at work? Where one person steals your credit and therefore you feel it is OK to forever steal their credit? Is it what you would teach your children or how you would expect the criminal justice system to work? (Oh, everyone seems to break the law, so we'll just ignore laws in your case). You wont be surprised, but you'll punish the rookie or anyone else who fails a drug test just the same. Im not surprised corps and countries steal from eachother, but I expect them to be punished when caught. You might say your website was designed to last[1] 1. https://jeffhuang.com/designed_to_last/ I think design, prototyping, commercialization, and iterations are a bigger task than maintaining an active product line. It's not 100% of the work when you can simply copy someone's work, but it might be 80% And the illegal instances, when discovered, should be punished. I guess I dont buy the argument that China and Chinese citizens would not have benefitted from legal transfer of knowledge and providing a useful service to the world exporting mineral wealth, importing food, oil, and tech, creating supply chain expertise to be cooperative partners in worldwide manufacturing booms, and paying experts to relocate (above board!) to China to teach the next generation. This is 95% of what they are doing anyway. Its the remaining 5% of theft and espionage that is fair game for prosecution. I guess I dont understand the apologists who think we should eschew legal action against the 5% just because "everyone does it". I think this person was not rejected for their coding. They were passed over for an MS or PhD with similar skills. It is necessary to do well on coding interviews, but not sufficient. optimizing for coding interviews is the wrong approach. Well, maybe I've had different experiences. Simply keeping a list of ideas has made a huge difference for me. Instead of feeling distracted by an idea when I should be focusing on something else, storing it somewhere means I can come back to it. Reviewing the idea list inspires me and gives me something to do when I'm bored. Finding articles or papers related to an idea, or capturing random thoughts about it is as easy as dumping it in a folder (eg in Dropbox ) that is numbered by the idea. Appending the number to notes or file names makes it easy to find information as well. I read an article that inspired me to write down every idea no matter how silly, and to try to work on 5 to 10 of them at once, and to always have one that is my main driver. Over the last 4 years, I've tallied 264. One has supported my research for 3 years (#021). One is my primary hobby (#013). Several have since been announced as results or products by major companies, validating the idea and removing the need to work on it. --- EDIT: I cannot quickly find the article, but I'll summarize. 1. Write down 100 ideas in one sitting. Any ideas. By the end, you'll be forced to really think outside your comfort zone, since everything prior is usually your first-order thoughts. 2. Choose 10 of the most promising to work on. Work means just pay attention to, make incremental prototypes, etc. 3. Choose the top contender to throw your weight behind. Maintain a 1/10/100 ratio as you retire ideas. --- My difference is I keep the list rolling and append new ideas as they come. I never sit down and make myself write a new batch (I should!). I'm actively working on about 5-10, in various stages of funding (I'm on a semi-soft money funding model). EDIT 2: Found! http://blog.fogus.me/2015/11/04/the-100101-method-my-approac... I'm not able to find it, but it wasn't much more than a blog post exposing the points I mention in the edited comment. If anyone can remember it (it was a HN post), that'd be great! Nice, thank you! Yeah, but they're bad for my brain as an adult. Video games and Netflix occupy 90% of my free time, which I would rather spend on hobbies, family, or exercise. But I am habituated. This. Easily refuted climate change effects do way more harm than good. This person navigates by visual sequences and landmarks. Others navigate by direction and distance. You may be interested to learn that there is a large gender-correllated divide between the two methods. Learning about these two methods has made me much better about communicating directions, because unfortunately people dont often grok the "other" way. It is tempting to tell a "just so" story about this, but I do think direction / distance instructions helps two groups rendesvous or coordinate in new areas, whereas landmarks are natural ways to find things in known areas. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/14607168/ What you describe is a system that values the generation of wealth, and uses seemingly-logistically-foolhardly supply chains to exploit cost-of-labor imbalances to maximize profit. And likely as long as it is profitable to do this, we will, at massive non-financial costs. The CDC is targetting routine bedside testing of COVID19 like we have for flu. It will take "months". Surveillance testing is enhanced by this. Recently an attempt to broaden testing ran into issues, now resolved. I expect test numbers to increase sharply. Monitoring those who are most likely vectors makes sense. https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/cdc-moves-rapidly-expand-cov... That does sound like the "old" advice. Most of the work on IF that I've followed implicates insulin spikes as cutting of cellular "cleanup" mechanisms. Insulin spikes happen after meals. Eating less (less insulin), intermittent fasting (a break from insulin), and low carb (less insulin), all have shown to be effective ways to improve longevity, and all can be at least partially (perhaps mostly) explained by reducing insulin load. But perhaps that is simply one of the many effects. Here's a guide that's not bad. https://www.healthline.com/nutrition/intermittent-fasting-gu... "Don't bother with masks" is actually "There is insufficient evidence to show that wearing masks is effective at preventing spread of disease", coupled with "Please don't take away our supply of masks that are for health care workers". If masks didn't stop the spread of disease, nobody, even doctors, would bother. The problem is that mask usage writ large does not have a cost/benefit point that warrants recommendation by CDC. This. "Don't bother with masks" is actually "There is insufficient evidence to show that wearing masks is effective at preventing spread of disease", coupled with "Please don't take away our supply of masks that are for health care workers". If masks didn't stop the spread of disease, nobody, even doctors, would bother. The problem is that mask usage writ large does not have a cost/benefit point that warrants recommendation by CDC. "Spurious" * No documentation ties it to its putative originator. * Its earliest known reference did not appear until long after the death of its supposed originator. * Multiple sources are claimed for its origins. * Contextual information indicates the words are of more recent origin than claimed. (deflation/inflation) 1. https://www.monticello.org/site/research-and-collections/pri... 2. https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/bank-shot-2/ One of the “Rules of Misquotation” outlined by Ralph Keyes in his 1992 book on that subject is that axiom that “Famous dead people make excellent commentators on current events.” Given the fear and uncertainty engendered by the current economic situation, and the disgruntlement expressed by many Americans at the thought of providing taxpayer-funded government bailouts to financial institutions and other large corporate entities (such as the auto industry), it was only a matter of time until someone trotted out a quotation (apocryphal or otherwise) from a respected, long-dead figure demonstrating that this whole economic mess was both predictable and inevitable. And one could hardly find a more hallowed figure in U.S. history than Thomas Jefferson to deliver this message, warning us from across the centuries that predatory banks and corporations would eventually impoverish us all. [snopes] Ive been writing almost every day for many years. My secret was to use Bash and write a few scripts to make it very easy to jot down thoughts. I also added a vim command to push it to github while editing. These just remove barriers to opening and syncing the file, but the concept is the same. You can see the result here: https://github.com/jodavaho/bashlog The result is a treasure trove of greppable data. Someday I was to apply some sentiment analysis ... Simplenote, text files on Syncthing ... Honestly just email yourself with an autotag... If your email is foo@bar.com, try foo+journal@bar.com. It should still land in your inbox, but sorted under that folder. You can even text from your phone to email addresses nowadays. I do this all the time to collect notes, and email clients are robust, emails have metadata like dates, and everything is easily searchable, etc. I link this all the time, but my system is almost the same! https://github.com/jodavaho/bashlog One command `log`, keeps files with YYYY-MM-DD.md and helps sync to github. I often edit my day's words, but don't much go back. When I do want to go back, I can just use `log 3/4/19` or `log yesterday` Two examples of primitive life, with water nearly everywhere we look, and yet with only one reaching civilization, and no examples of interstellar life (though we have created interstellar space ships!) to me implies ... That the great filter is behind us. I expect primitive life to be common, and civilizations to be rare. Or rather, the "great filter" is a series of probabilistic challenges which each instance of life either fails (regresses / stagnates) or overcomes, along with probabilistic events that jump things forward to the next "stage". If not for an asteroid long ago, dinosaurs would still rule the earth, perhaps. Yes. Perhaps stronger effects w IF, according to this. https://www.businessinsider.com/fasting-diet-ketosis-brain-b... "Mental Models" is a wonderful rebranding of plain old wisdom and experience. " The next helpful model is relativity, adapted from the laws of physics. This model is about remembering that everyone’s perspective is different from yours. " The only mental model at play here is the idea that your mind benefits from mental models and that we need an easily-referenced ontology of models brought to us in blog posts. I regularly get obsessed with making video games and writing sci fi. I am regularly allowed to pursue these precisely because I work a flexible-schedule job that provides for my family and gives us the freedom to dream and live in peace together. Even if that job does not provide the flash-in-the-pan inspiration and passion all the time, it provides a warm glow that will last. My "countryfolk" friends work long hours but are land-wealthy, spend copious time with family, and take month-long vacations to go hunting. They have it right, I tell myself as I pay down college debt in anticipation of house debt while sitting unpaid in traffic 2 hrs a day. I regret to inform you people can become weary of work/dollar as a metric, and can become enchanted with hands-on work or what they perceive as meaningful contributions. The failures of "new" systems are not new. Did everyone read the article about the m-16 or the torpedo failures in WW2? During peace we can gamble on advanced systems while during conflict production and refitting is king. More likely it was to prevent disruption of supply for first responders or medical folks. That ship has sailed. Absolutely. My plan is to increase my 401k and other market account contributions by a reasonable percent. I'm viewing this as a steep discount for 1-6 months or more. You misunderstand, I think. Or maybe I do. If done properly as described, the functions accept state. This means they adjust state by adjusting input/output parameters, not by affecting some internal state. This is basically Dependency Injection extended to state. This is also how classes are implemented (see python's self parameter to all class functions). Correct, but the effectiveness of the design is separate from its correctness. Latter of which is what I commented on. For effectiveness, I think it reduces ancillary class members, and encourages (necessitates!) dependency injection. For example, changing "delta t" in a game object update is trivial: update the one delta-t you have, and pass it into everything that needs it. With classes, there may be a temptation to have a delta-t member variable, which costs many updates. Stupid example, but a mistake which is not possible with Dependency Injection. But really, proper scoping in typed languages (and naming in dynamic ones) can allude to input vs output parameters. In C/C++ this is passing by ref vs value. (In Google C++ style guide, they recommend use of pointers for "adjusted" or "output" parameters.) In MS C++ from back in the day, I think they had ways to explicitly specify parameters as input, output, or input+output. Does someone have an example of this? I tend to agree philosophically, but is there data to support this? I'd like to upgrade to informed agreement. Now here's a crisis we can deal with. I hope COVID's rapid and haphazard response will teach us drastic changes are not so terrible and not so scarey when implemented slowly. Well, they can still be grouped by module, header, and/or namespacing Exactly. Still, with prioritization, this team can be assembled, isolated, and funded without limit, even now during shutdowns. But there's too many such leverage points to ... leverage. So, we use the same response Europe had to the Plague. Almost exactly the same experience here (NASA center). Don't say this. I want the world to learn that mass white-collar work-from-home is not debilitating. I've been quite happy with https://covid19info.live/ "The systems", would be highly unlikely to work at longer range. Small peturbations to down-ward arc trajectories are what make artillery pinpoint accurate (essentially GPS-guided shells or even better). You can't "Back project" a long-range guided munition, and even if you could, how would you map it to topology? A defense system in nullification phase needs to know really one thing: Bearing. Once it knows the direction to the incoming munitions, it fills the air along that direction with metal as quickly as possible. Some distance information is important for timing and relative velocity is important for acquisition of targets. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trophy_(countermeasure) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phalanx_CIWS Now, I speak from relative ignorance of a whole bunch of possible technologies that actually could back-project and actively sense shooters. I'd welcome an education on that. I base my assumptions on the "payload" model that most military aquistions take, in which you can't necessarily do the integrated sensing, computation, and real-time display that would be required to back-project an incoming shell or rocket onto local topology to provide an actionable estimate of the firer's location. I'm less skeptical of close-in / nonballistic, especially given TFA's claims, and very skeptical of longer-range / ballistic attacks. On this, I'm fascinated by the smart-munitions arms race described in the future pistol duels from Count to a Trillion , where a series of countermeasures, decoys, and guided munitions would be pre-loaded in an attempt to outsmart your opponent. We're certainly facing economic ruin. But it is caused by shelter-in-place and mandatory closings. Those businesses set up for, supported by, and easily pivoting to employees who work from home will suffer less damage than those that require (by policy or nature of work), on-site staff. This is why I'm hopeful that WFH will be seen as a net positive, because it is a distributed system more difficult to knock out. WFH will not stave off economic ruin from COVID-19. But it may save many businesses from closing. This is, in fact, explicitly stated in TFA. "This isn’t a value question, but a value-against-replacement question – why maintain, issue, store, and shoot expensive chemical munitions if cheap, easier to store, easier to manufacture high explosive munitions are both more obtainable and also better? When you add the geopolitical and morale impact on top of that – you sacrifice diplomatic capital using such weapons and potentially demoralize your own soldiers, who don’t want to see themselves as delivering inhumane weapons – it’s pretty clear why would wouldn’t bother." This is, in fact, explicitly stated in the article. So, no, not "another" reason. This is, in fact, explicitly stated in the article. "This isn’t a value question, but a value-against-replacement question – why maintain, issue, store, and shoot expensive chemical munitions if cheap, easier to store, easier to manufacture high explosive munitions are both more obtainable and also better? When you add the geopolitical and morale impact on top of that – you sacrifice diplomatic capital using such weapons and potentially demoralize your own soldiers, who don’t want to see themselves as delivering inhumane weapons – it’s pretty clear why would wouldn’t bother." drones cannot deliver the quantities of chemical required. Also, how do drones absolve command chain of responsibility? There's an awful lot of infrastructure required for their deployment. Agree. Any hiccup in latency sends me on a deep diagnosis dive where normally Id have waited it out. My wife's texts were not going through yesterday and that triggered another deep dive. I think the quality of guesses is affected by prior experience. This seems obvious, but it means that hunches won't help a new grad find interesting problems. It also means that a lifelong mathematician has a lot of failed and successful attack vectors for problems of a certain class. Not only by virtue of experience, but also because the field and competition to publish and produce results makes it necessary to cultivate a sharp instinct for viable solutions to avoid wasting significant time ... and it weeds out those that do not cultivate this skill. (Note, weeding out includes making 7 figures in industry so dont consider that a dig). You can call this survivorship bias, and it may be that successful mathematicians are being weeded out by factors other than their ability to quickly solve problems. Talk by Tom Soderstrom[1] of JPL on this from December 19. They announced a partnership last year for various things, including downlink of high definition video from the ISS. [2] 1. Tom is part of the office of information technology office at JPL 2. https://www.geekwire.com/2019/amazon-web-services-nasa-team-... I think we should look at the environment of the sputnik, Manhattan, and Bell labs era. I suspect the incentives are misaligned. Currently, my success is basically citations, publications, speaking engagements, and grants won. Technology developed should serve those purposes. At the labs of old, this was not the case as real technological developments were the goal. I think. There's also some insight here: https://www.quora.com/Why-was-Bell-Labs-so-successful TFA claims the navy vessel was attempting to steer the larger ship. It at least answers your question, but raises more questions ... My friend built a house. I wanted a house. It was easier to take the lumber from his house than cut down trees and mine iron for nails. Eating another is no different. Different life evolves to take a niche item (like grass or minerals) and turn it into something useful to them (muscle and fat) that is also useful to others. Are there really that many other ways? Photosynthesis, sure, but that doesn't seem to produce much and doesnt allow much "liveliness". Anyway... The 'why' is trivial-seeming to me. Once one organism can consume ready-made nutrients from another organism for less energy cost than producing, it will, or it will be out competed by others who do. So carnivores exist everywhere. Even deer happily eat baby birds that they come across, and rabbits eat their own. Almost Tragedy of the Commons? This is not as absolute as is being presented. We can speak about spreads and aggregate behavioral patterns just fine if we take times to infinity and zoom out far enough. The next few weeks or localized transmisson (which is "impossible" to model) are problematic, agreed. Using automated tools to bring easily-scraped news to people is a good way to enure deniability and keep an audience around. Aggregators are wonderful homepages. Then, occasionally, you can (either by accidental scrape or design), push highly biased content that is provably false, and it will be a subtle signal in innocent-seeming noise. Not saying that's what's happening here, just saying that an abundance of innocuous content does not make a site unbiased and trustworthy, just as it does not make it immediately suspicious. Just want to plug i3. i3 + Ubuntu has been my go-to for 7 years. https://www.omgubuntu.co.uk/2019/06/install-regolith-linux-i... Nothing is ever that urgent. If they insist on immediate purchase, I invariably walk. Created in the skin, not blood. To cook up a connection to the two concepts (prepping and reopening cities), apply "distrust of government" and season with "individual liberties" If you're trying to build an entire app, you are not building a library. An app uses libraries and frameworks to stitch them together. A library brings functions, and a framework brings connectivity and logical flows. An app without a framework is an app with a hidden framework. An app without libraries is an app with a hidden framework and monolithic, catch-all, single-purpose library. The connection between influx of new COVID cases, deaths, and safe-from-home is pretty clear from looking at the daily new cases, which flattened exactly two weeks after lockdown began. Look here at the general US statistics: https://covid19info.live/us/ The problem is the definition of "research". If you call it "publication", then yes, it seems like a waste. If you call it "development of new widgets after principled approaches consistent with or beyond the state of the art", it starts to feel like a Ph.D can be training to do really great work in industry. This discounts the difficulties in buying a car when credit is bad or nonexistent. I was in this situation, the only people who will give you a vehicle are loan sharks and scammers. Partially this was my own ignorance (see: awful credit). Partially it was my own bad credit itself. It also discounts the horrible stress that adding a known monthly bill can cause, when Uber is more flexible, pay-what-you-need. And I was never as bad as many others, so I can see how the least-prepared and least-financially-secure could see Uber as a viable use, either once-in-a-while (e.g., missed the bus), or for regular use (paying $12 for a two-way, 1 mile trip through a crappy part of town can pay for itself if you avoid an hour of walking and get an hour of working). You're describing a classic use of iterators, which is itself a classic use of Objects-as-contracts. There is the problem. You can frame most cops as good but dealing with out of control crime, and you can frame most people as good, but dealing with out of control police, and both can be right. (Even through I actually believe both are probably wrong) Worse, both can be right and events like recent ones can still be demonstrably unequivocally wrong inexcusable. It's almost like the statements of general trends are uncorrelated with the highest profile cases. Which is the problem. This is what it should have been a decade or two ago. The infusion of expertise from gov-sponsored / R&D to commercial should have been accelerated long ago. Happy to see Lars and others matching up with entrepreneurs and a new generation to get things done. Well, at this point, screaming about these not being mental models is about as useful as complaining about re-posted imagery not being actual "memes." (In the original sense of the word meme). A mental model is something you use to make predictions so that you don't have to store all the nuances of a system in memory. It's a reduced-entropy representation of a phenomena of the universe that you have to interact with. It's a simple oracle. Newtonian gravity is a mental model. These are recipes and formalized guidance, i.e., wisdom, for dissecting problems and presenting solutions. These are algorithms. If you believe these will work, you have a mental model of the world that you have checked to verify these steps. The model that the author has of readers is that they will enjoy this post. Yes. A model takes input, runs a process, and provides output. It's a model because it is simpler than the real process, but provides reasonable approximations. Newtonian Physics is a model of physical interaction from gravity and mass. A mental model is an internal construct the mind uses to represent parts of the world. You have a mental model of your body. You have a mental model of how physics works. You have a mental model of how your friends would react to certain situations. etc. A model says "If the world is in this state, then the next state is this one." Wisdom, or aphorisms, are things that are taught to people which are shorthand for solutions to complicated situations. They are algorithms. They say "These are the answers to problems that you might encounter". Sometimes, they provide guidance. They are heuristics. This article should be "Polya-like heuristics for designers" You would teach someone a mental model like this: "Think of a person as a robot programmed to reproduce and eat". This allows you to draw conclusions by querying your model of a robot and applying that to the person. You could predict how the person would make decisions. It might be wise to do that or not. You would teach someone wisdom or an aphorism like this: "If you encounter a hard problem, break it down into sub problems". True, there is potentially a model there: All problems are just collections of subproblems, but that's something you have to build up by following the guidance. It doesn't actually give you a model, it prods you to build one ... if necessary. The article does not provide any models, it only suggests steps to break down problems or communicate solutions. You, the reader, are using your internal mental models of the world to see if the stuff you are being suggested actually makes sense. If you start crafting new models, it is not because this article contains any of them. Cars should not detect "obstacles". They should detect roads. They should not seek _exceptions_ to driveable space through classification- or segmentation-first strategies. They should only detect driveable space. Full stop. You either detect a full-stopping-distance's worth of clear road through reliable (non visual) ranging with dense enough samples to preclude wheel-catching voids ... or you will continue to run into "objects" which slipped through your classifier. I can accept reduction in this margin (e.g. in dense traffic flow) when it is first shown to work with margin. It's not "somewhere" it's from Tesla and all other self-driving car companies hyping their eventual product to get stock boosts or get bought. Nobody that I've ever met in industry or tech seriously thought that self-driving was possible en masse. There's just too many unknowns. Methods for predicting "drivability" or "clearness" of roads based on moving object detection are not different than what I said and are not novel in R&D / literature or practice. I'm asking for exactly that, absolute conservatism first. In my opinion, autonomous driving should be highway only, daytime only until proven effective in mass produced vehicles. The hype about rushing to level 5 is marketing, not a feasible technology roadmap. "First" does not mean "exclusively". But detection of an impending obstacle should not start with classifying that obstacle. You need only know that some geometry that looks larger than trivial is moving at a vector that will impeded your stopping distance requirement. Until that is proven to work, it is pointless to try to "understand" the object or its intent. I'll go further. To avoid clearings, ponds, and pedestrians, Self-driving cars should be highway-daytime only until proven reliable. Starting with the edge cases and building back to the easy ones is ridiculous engineering policy. That's actually some easy math, isn't it? I agree. To elaborate, I think that "Looks" is the problem. Relying on appearance is a fundamental mistake. A road is a predictable flat surface that is safe for wheels at speed. If the map matches your ranging probes, and no geometry that is non-trivial sized impedes or will impeded your progress, you can drive. This should immediately preclude any approach to self driving cars that has pedestrians, bags of trash, debris, cross traffic, etc. Highway (and probably daytime) only. I don't understand the obsession with starting with corner cases and working back to the very real good that self-driving autonomy can do on highways at speed. Build back with lessons learned, rather than solving the whole problem in one shot. That seems like fundamental engineering, but the marketing team is in charge, not the engineers. I think the vehicle should alert the driver, and being controlled slowdown until it is overridden. Sorry, driver, you are inconvenienced. Maybe you are in the carpool / AI-only lane, so it's not a big deal. Yes, there probably should be an AI-only lane for now. This could exist now, but we have set sights on Level 5 at the expense of pragmatism. That sounds like speculation. But anyway, there's no reason to open the floodgates in an unprincipled way just because being principled and iterative is challenging. Until I started peeking into how self-driving cars worked, I understood that this was the standard way to build a self-driving vehicle. It still is, outside the marketing-driven industry. The difficulty of the situation in general is why limitations should be placed on the system and a conservative approach taken in practice. Trying to circumvent difficulty with complexity is not an option for the first roll-out of a product. Deploy self-driving on marked single-lane AI-only highways. Maybe let self-driving cars use bus lanes. But that's it for now, until we can certify and understand limitations of a system. It's only fair to the public to have slow rollouts that require mostly-attentive driving. Those "Long necks" probably didn't hold their neck that way, according to this highly informative article: https://svpow.com/2009/05/31/necks-lie/ More than recent / old, I think the neck posture debate is still active. Reminds me of the couple that lives on a farm that is the default geolocation for 600 million IP addresses. Their farm has been visited by authorities for a long time. https://consumerist.com/2016/04/11/this-farm-in-kansas-is-th... And in my work, we always know the direction to null island, because stray robots will head right for it. I even thought about writing a short story about all the stray / bugged out robots piling up on the seafloor near it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Null_Island Reminds me of the couple that lives on a farm that is the default geolocation for 600 million IP addresses. Their farm has been visited by authorities for a long time. https://consumerist.com/2016/04/11/this-farm-in-kansas-is-th... . And in my work, we always know the direction to null island, because stray robots will head right for it. I even thought about writing a short story about all the stray / bugged out robots piling up on the seafloor near it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Null_Island I feel sheepish for being on that thread as a detractor, after reading this post. His assertion that we could always be one discovery away is not false, it's just irrelevant. The article states no evidence that there's been any past effect of "increasing automation" and assumes the near future will look like the recent past. Just inventing AGI wouldn't actually change much the next day, it would just be a new paradigm, and things would eventually change... so I agree with TFA. (Also, AGI would be not so useful. Humans are notoriously difficult to work with, and we seem to have General Intelligence. It would have to have a strange concoction of motivations to be immediately --- or even eventually --- useful for anything that we would want to automate). I reject the hypothesis that the last 20 years are somehow worse than any other two decades in the history of liberal democracies. I accept that there may be unprecidented fears that usher in the expansion of the governments' powers. "Citizens in the world’s liberal democracies now face an array of new or vastly expanded threats—terrorism, climate change, economic volatility, pandemics, and geopolitical instability. This is not just business as usual, the standard ebb and flow of historical events. It represents a level of citizen insecurity not previously experienced in the modern liberal democracies." I think the depression and two world wars, the rise of fascism, and so on represent something that can be considered "previously experienced" by liberal democracies. Decades of threat of nuclear war almost certainly felt more like imminent destruction than climate change does today. And terrorism, for all its terror, does not represent a true threat to any democracy, except insomuch as we give away our democracy --- which is the point that the article was trying to make, perhaps. Deliberate practice builds tacit knowledge. Uninformative article. The idea that intelligence is disconnected from the "baser" instincts like emotion, need to eat, need to reproduce, need for social recognition, etc is probably just false. Akin to there being a useful measure IQ which predicts ability to solve the worlds problems (hint: Nope). Our story-telling mind can construct all kinds of intelligent hypotheses, but was probably evolved to appear rational to our fellow people and attribute agency where possible. Our wander-through-the-woods mind can visualize and hypothesize about spatial relations and transformations, etc. There's much to do for AGI, but I believe that motivation-engineering will be the hardest part. Morality is intrinsically connected to our role as sorta-hive-minded monkeys. Caveat: All the above is poorly presented opinion from the following resources: - Learning how to learn on coursera - Buddhism and modern psychology on coursera - Righteous Mind by Haidt. - Happiness Hypothesis by Haidt - Bullshit as an honest indicator of intelligence Building a machine using our evolutionary history as a prior design is the only way we know how to produce general intelligence, but all the strange, varied, "Emotional" baggage that goes with it means we never would. Why would a computer be afraid of snakes? If what you want is a computer that can come up with solutions you wouldn't have imagined, then you need clever search, problem specification, and significant computation, not general intelligence. If you want to automate something, you may need learning, but don't need intelligence. I can see that. I just don't (didn't?) see deliberate practice as not immersed. Fair point. Rovers are unfortunately very slow, meaning they cannot cover much area, and cannot measure from very many areas simultaneously. Helicopters fill that gap. I think this paper might cover some of the motivation: https://arc.aiaa.org/doi/abs/10.2514/6.2018-0023 I think it's fairly well established you can. The problem is about whether we will. I'm not on the team, but this is the first I've heard of any unexpected or abnormal rush. Schedules are always a little tight, especially with a pandemic on. The rover is basically a brand new self-driving tank with a helicopter launcher and a robotic arm with a swiss-army-science tool and a laser cannon. That's a lot of stuff to get working properly and packed into a rocket. Oh, it has to land like the Falcon 9 as well, except hovering and lowering itself on a tether, like the Air Cav for Mars. In your practice you have favored an alternative. (not "in practice", implying absolute) In my practice I have used both with great success. For logging, parsing, and displaying playback data from field systems, UNIX and UNIX-like tools have been incredible. VNLog in particular is a wonderful way to interact with data if you need just a bit of structure on top of unix outputs. And anyway, getting from not-so-great data to something that a typed library in language X can parse is a great job for plain old Unix tools. Does the graphics system hold up? I wasn't able to find anything with reasonable CUDA cores (I do parallel algorithm development). Anyone have experience with Precision mobile workstations? Still seem quite slim form factor. Well that's just not true. I concur: Nowadays, the basic building blocks are done. Good sorting, database indexing, O(1) set-membership, many variants of lists, hash tables, and other higher level data structures are well covered by modern libraries. The foundations of modern system design are algorithms and data structures, and they are largely commoditized, for general use . Certainly, working on general purpose, clever-but-foundational algorithms is becomming increasingly niche. I disagree with the final conclusion that somehow algorithms have faded into obscurity. Anyone writing any program has to consistently track their expected program performance as it shuffles data between commodotized library calls or between network end points. This is algorithm design. Many "foundational" algorithms like max-flow actually make use of "foundational(er)" algorithms and shuffle data between them. This is what the modern programmer does when he decomposes a data-intensive problem into sub-problems and uses commoditized libraries and re-composes those solutions. The push to catalog and archive a wide array of well-implemented algorithms and data structures tracked the emergence of the personal and commodity hardware. The emergence of new hardware will require new solutions. Mobile, webassembly (perhaps), ASIC-based data centers, CUDA, are all exciting new areas where our "foundational" algorithms and canonical solutions need to be revisited, redesigned, and re-tuned. Or at least re-composed. They would prosecute these cases regardless of people's opinions on China. They are releasing data on those prosecutions, which is hard to criticize as scare tactics. They are mostly asking for more money because the reporting has increased (See end of article). Also: "In June, the NIH said that 189 researchers may have violated grant or institutional rules regarding research integrity, with 93% having support from China." What doesn't make sense? Reporting misappropriated funds and unreported conflict of interest? That's just plain transparency. If you dislike the fact that many of the cases involved China, that's not a reporting problem. I am working on my HAM General-class license. I have young and non-engineer friends who are into it. It is mostly interesting to them because they have never done something highly technical, and here is a relatively approachable technical hobby. However, I'm decreasingly enthused about HAM. I got my license so I could interact with devices that I wanted to build. However, there are almost no use cases where HAM helps. I cannot build something cheaper, or make it more effective than a commercially available product. It's only at the extreme, un-useful cases that HAM becomes a thing. (Want to bounce signals off the moon?) What I'd like to see from HAM: - More, different competitions. Long-term monitoring, stealthy side-channel transmissions, digital and analog networking competitions (like hackathons: Get a signal from A to B with minimal loss / delay using teams in disparate areas of the country --- internet OK), recovery games (set up a network serving x users with max datarate or voice capacity using this equipment), or encoding / decoding games, and so on. - More support from local governments and infrastructure. I want to know where to sign up to be useful if telecommunications suffers a hiccup. If that is not useful, I want to know and be told how to be useful (esp studying different technology). Some certifications beyond HAM, and specializing in different niche areas would be nice. - More training on HAM-adjacent technologies. To be useful / innovative requires knowing the telecommunications space, and sticking to SSB voice + FT8 for DXs is great, but not helpful when trying to understand telecommunications and make an impact on the world. God forbid a disaster did happen and the HAMs showed up with their 10m antennas and were useful for 30 minutes until the Verizon tech arrived. It'd be more useful if they could bridge 3G / UHF by setting up an adhoc repeater network to actually extend the range of whatever equipment didn't die in the zombie apocalypse. For example: In the IoT area, I thought for sure HAMs would be front-and-center with new mesh networking technologies, WAN, etc. But no, we got another AWS product with minimal device-device communication and called it a day. Yes, intent matters. 5g also doesn't beat my wifi. My wife and I slashed our data plans during COVID. Your statement and previous do not contradict. Multiplying the hours required to do the job in a larger environment like a hotel (4/week becomes 80 person hours / week) would produce a break-even cost higher than what you suggest. This reads like one of those "Golden ratio appears everywhere!" posts. It's overly self-congratulatory and a scattershot of ideas with varying levels of technical depth which makes it very hard to track the topic. In a trip to south africa, entire sections of some cities were being "bought" by China. In retaliation, locals occasionally refuse to sell fuel to Chinese fishing vessels, which, like those in TFA, were there illegally. OP/TFA implied that it was indeed Chinese, by encroaching on territorial waters and crowding out native fleets. At least that was my reading of the article and the above comment. Calculate watts/kg for the total system, and be sure to include cost of heating, which comes nearly free with nukes, and you'll lean back to nuclear. The barrier to nukes is usually programmatic, not cost or technical. Go here: https://www.drawdown.org/solutions Top are: 1. Reduced Food Waste Food, Agriculture, and Land Use / Land Sinks 87.45 94.56 2. Health and Education Health and Education 85.42 85.42 3. Plant-Rich Diets Food, Agriculture, and Land Use / Land Sinks 65.01 91.72 4. Refrigerant Management Industry / Buildings 57.75 57.75 5. Tropical Forest Restoration Land Sinks 54.45 85.14 The book / website consistently points out that the best reduction / capture mechanisms are related to food and industry first. Though being top 5 is no joke. This is a highly underrated insight to autonomous system design. The use of autonomous systems in dense public spaces will usually be driven by programmatic constraints before technical ones. Most magazine articles probably are never read either. Same with news articles. Academic publications are "news for specialized research" nothing more. .. because it is subsidized for public good, my friend (I argue). Also, I said the journals are the product, not the articles. And every journal issue gets readers, and the number of readers is market-inducing, but many articles in those journals do not (at least not yet). I cannot get over how it looks like an ork built this. Transfer tanks, not fuel. In-orbit servicing using robots, please. or just dock the tanks as vehicles. I read once that with a 100m telescope, we can image continents on exoplanets. We could construct a 100m segmented telescope in orbit, if only we had sufficient launches to get all the segments up, and sufficient capacity to send the assembly robots / astronauts. Today's tech, launch limited. Here's a writeup: https://exoplanets.nasa.gov/internal_resources/1375/ In general, once you get to LEO, you're half way to anywhere ... That is, getting to low earth orbit is half the battle. Spacex will remove that battle for everyone, making space expansion and exploration 2x easier. My dream is earth-orbiting shipyards for outer planet missions and interstellar missions. There's nothing stopping us but will. This is an energy storage mechanism (in the form of combustable fuel), not a fuel-generation mechanism. Absolutely, none of these are mental models by any definition that I can accept. These are advice or aphorisms, based on I suppose experience. I'd accept a future in which weight efficiency is slightly reduced to enable in-orbit refueling with standardized tank delivery. As others have noted, it seems extremely challenging without it. This isn't universally true. Industry has significant contributions to conferences. And industry can borrow much from academia, just on a 10-20 year delay and with significant down-selection. Academic / industry crossover and revolving doors are a very healthy thing ... see self driving cars. Not to compound the discussion, but industry-government-academic partnerships are all over the place doing real good, including again the self-driving car examples (DARPA->Academics->Industry->...?) Have I mentioned how I dislike the use of "mental model" for this type of post? Or how X=Y+Z is misleading (set Z to zero, and you still have X). From post: " Behavior = motivation + ability + trigger... According to FBM, there are three things we need to do something: Motivation Ability Trigger" No, addition doesn't mean "You need all three". Multiplication does. B=M A T. AND = multiply OR = add. I'd go one step further: Humans themselves don't understand anything, we are just good at constructing logical-sounding (plausible, testable) stories about things. These are mental models, and it's the only way we can make reasonable predictions to within error tolerances of our day-to-day experience, but they are flat-out lies and stories we tell ourselves not based on a high-fidelity understanding of anything. Rumination, deep thinking, etc is simply actor-critic learning of these mental models for story-telling. > I am not sure you are looking at the correct numbers. according to NHTSA – https://www-fars.nhtsa.dot.gov/Main/index.aspx there are 1.18 fatalities per 100 millions miles driven. Proper number seems to be ~40k, and the rate is ~ 11/100,000 This isn't a fermi question, it's just google-able. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motor_vehicle_fatality_rate_in... If you believe that the organic neurons hold something other than just their ability to respond to chemical / electrical signals, and that the "you" is something more than just a collection of systems preserving memory and stories, then yes, parent post had a contradiction. I think there's a consensus among those commenting here that "you" are nothing more than the stories and information exchange stored in your connectome, and so replacing the individual neurons with exact copies will have no effect on the information-preserving role the mind plays, and the information-processing role the "thinking mind" plays. Or, to convince everyone you were preserved. If it murdered you, nobody would care / notice! Like the teleporters in star trek. God how i3wm changed my life for the much, much better. "The design is based on Multi-Application Small Light Water Reactor developed at Oregon State University in the early 2000s. NuScale is a natural circulation light water reactor with the reactor core and helical coil steam generators located in a common reactor vessel in a cylindrical steel containment. The reactor vessel containment module is submerged in water in the reactor building safety related pool, which is also the ultimate heat sink for the reactor. The pool portion of the reactor building is located below grade. The reactor building is designed to uphold 12 SMRs. Each NuScale SMR has a rated thermal output of 160 MWt and electrical output of 50 MWe, yielding a total capacity of 600 MWe for 12 SMRs." Medicine is old. Many uses of penicillin are not well studied, because it was the first real antibiotic and we just know it works for what it does. Nobody can get funding to study penicillin uses unless it somehow magically can cure something new. Venus has extreme heat and pressure at its surface. The temperature is around 500C, and the pressure is nearly 100 Bar (about the pressure at 3000ft depth). That is indeed hellish, and this is indeed a good question. A chemical formed in one place can be transported to other places, especially in a well-stirred environment like the Venusian atmosphere. Fusion wasn't mentioned. Also, the existence of other discrete, world-changing goals does not mean that the discovery of life on other planets is not a discrete, world-changing goal. It's not like we're short on Nobel Prizes here. Yes. Climate change should be met with mitigation (to avoid further climate change) and realistic adaptations of forest management. But, to make matters worse, the baseline expected rate of fires is higher due to climate change, and is much higher due to PG&E negligence. We can and should attack all factors with regulation, maintenance policy change, etc. The fact is, we had maintenance policies for PG&E's portion, and they were negligent. Do you believe we should not penalize preventable deaths just because non-preventable deaths also happen? There are laws about negligence and inspection for utilities. There should be laws about forest management, I suppose, but the law is what determines culpability, not the cofactor analysis of the actual problem root. In the fender-bender example, I can see how you would structure your logic the way you have. As an example of how I and others might structure it: The car causes the accident when a wheel falls off, and the accident happens to happen where there was a prior gas spill. The presence of the gas spill is unfortunate, but the car caused the accident, and that should never happen with good design and maintenance. The accident was exacerbated by the presence of gas, causing a fire and injury and death, etc. Now, to bring it full circle. Replace a car with a train (the situation is largely under the control of a single company), the accident with a train falling off the rails and hitting a gas pipeline, AND the company knew the gas pipeline was there, and knew the danger all along, and still managed to not put on a proper maintenance plan to ensure the train didn't derail especially in a place that has a gas pipeline right there . And, by pairing your comment with parent, a nuclear power company would have a competitive advantage over solar, but for the head start that solar go due to gov incentives, massive investment, and lack of a scare movie like Chernobyl. It is true that mental models are a natural way to think about the world. I think it's so natural that it doesn't need to be called out. It's better to focus on honing your models than it is to look at the meta-process surrounding the existence of models, I think. I mean, for example, why worry about filling a perceived gap in your mental models (e.g., ponder the existence of the Overton Window as a model of group decision making and political discourse), when just learning about the Overton Window (without all this mental model meta-tagging) is already a useful thing to think about when making decisions. I'm glad that the "General thinking concepts" are not being cast as "mental models", that would be a meta-classification error. (Aphorisms != Models the same way as Information!=Data or Knowledge!=wisdom). But seriously, this is just a book marketing page that keeps getting re-written and re-posted over and over. I'm amazed they were only off by 63 miles, given the article claims dead reckoning was so inaccurate. I'm even more amazed they knew where they were relative to their destination after 66 days of dead reckoning. Ah great point! Since the east coast is mostly north-south, it was possible to check distance relative to the destination easily. Thanks! Trusting people to make smart decisions when provided with the right information is in fact the goal of Prop 65, because it simply require information to be immediately accessible at the point of sale. A government that does not trust its citizens to make decisions removes decision making abilities. Like welding shut doors to keep people inside during COVID. Size also. It's easy to spool dish wires out on the ground on the moon, hard to spool them out and keep them where you want in orbit. From this study: https://www.nasa.gov/directorates/spacetech/niac/2020_Phase_... The sun is cited as a significant source of noise that can be shielded by the lunar body.