It's less a fork and more of an add-on, PC-BSD (now True-OS) is FreeBSD with a fancy installer and a preconfigured desktop. TrueOS server is FreeBSD with their admin tools installed. Kris Moore, the creator, is a member of the FreeBSD core team, the projects are close. Licensing issues make this unlikely, a big reason Lumina was developed is to be able to ship a BSD licensed OS with a GPL free desktop environment. How are either of those negatives? The entrenched parties would have had a list of approved questions to avoid such a mistake, they are all humans and can't be expected to call up every detail of any issue at will. And trespassing/mischief would probably make Stein the most law abiding candidate in generations. He knew about Syria, he didn't immediately associate the word Aleppo with the Syrian situation. He just finished discussing Nader in 2000, the next question could have been about anything and parsing all your knowledge is not an easy task. I care more about the crimes committed than whether the justice system decides to prosecute. This was happening to me, there was some problem with the electricity in my apartment. I can't recall what the electrician said, there were some switches that only 1/4 were working, and if 2/4 had been it would have fried everything. They fixed it in about an hour. From his website > He studied at Yale, where he graduated magna cum laude and phi beta kappa with BAs in History and Literature, and at Columbia, where he was a FLAS fellow in Persian and South Asian studies. The open source drivers aren't configured correctly, Southern islands cards are close to feature complete with Radeon. Turn on DRI 3 and glamor. The author directly addresses this, and hits it dead on with >Most of the unhappiness about Secure Boot is not really about Secure Boot the mechanism – whether the people expressing that unhappiness think it is or not – but about specific implementations of Secure Boot in the real world Maybe the UEFI specification should have implemented a way to distribute keys, though that would have been seen as a way to lock out smaller Linux distros. Maybe the ability to self sign keys should be part of the specs, I'm not sure it isn't, but that adds an additional security risk with fresh hardware. How is this different than every other instance of signing for verification? Are you opposed to package managers, publicly posted hashes, GPG, and even TLS works with the same method. What about it verifying the operating system makes it more prone to being misused? It's protecting users from running unsigned operating systems on their computer, protecting the user from a malicious operating system having full access to their computer. You're arguing against the implementation, which both the author and I agree is flawed, where hardware manufacturers are the only ones regularly controlling keys. >Secure Boot" specifies that this trust should be anchored in manufacturer-designated entities using public key signatures. No, it doesn't. It doesn't specify how the keys should be dealt with at all. The implementation currently has manufacturers controlling that aspect, which the author views as flawed. So you've never heard of Nixon? "Half the muders of Norway" means about 15, at least from 2014 data. A lot of different things could lead to fifteen murders in a year, one person who doesn't like refugees could do it. No, I have no references at all. I'm saying that eleven events is hard to draw meaning from, a wide range of things could cause that to happen and it's not necessarily a sign of a problem. Opposed to Bush's course, which only let Russia start one war. Plus,saying Russia started the Syrian war is a huge stretch, the US had already been involved for years. The guarantees aren't useless due to Obama, the US followed the memorandum and sought UN Security counsel intervention. Russia broke the deal, what do you think the US should do about it? You would never flip a county. You would increase the percentage your candidate wins by or the percentage of the population that voted. It's raw votes that matter in states, and it's much safer to set up in your home turf. If you're getting a desktop for half the price to do your real work, why buy the Macbook? How does being better than an eight year old laptop make it clearly the best computer on the market? So you don't need a powerful machine, but you're still willing to pay a premium for one because it's small with a big battery? That makes even less sense. That source can't get basic details correct, Trotsky spent about a year in New York not a decade. It doesn't even attempt to prove it's big claims. You posted the source and then said "this is a fact and gets hidden because it could cause antisemitism." The source is antisemitic garbage, it doesn't even try to establish a connection between Schiff and Trotsky before blaming Schiff for all the deaths of the revolution. Very, as I said you presented it as a source for your very ridiculous claim. Expecting other's to check it is silly, you're unwilling, and the source gives you no reason to believe it's true. Trotsky was a loyal agent of myself until his death. That's got as much proof as the page you linked. There's a difference between being open to ideas and believing any shit someone says. He accomplished very little while suffering from schizophrenia, most of his work occurred years before he became ill. No, he may have had a disposition towards schizophrenia earlier in his life, but he developed it around 1959. But it wasn't there, signs existed that it might develop but if things had gone differently he may have never been been afflicted. Nash himself says a combination of stress to do great things and the necessity of thinking in unorthodox ways to do those things is what triggered the illness. As far as I know, it's not something your born with, it's something your born more likely to develop. Japanese imperialism was an attempt to get out from under the boot of US imperialism. The US showed up, forced their nation open to western powers,and spent the next 70 years intimately engaged in all their important decisions. Japanese conduct during the 30s was atrocious. They tried playing by the moral code in earlier wars, the US and other Western powers repeatedly reneged on deals and forced Japan to return any possessions. Sort of. If you feel there's a greater power out there that's building up to invade you and your neighbours, forced unity can seem like the lesser of two evils. The US was not super friendly in the first half of the century, Hawaii and the Philippines were both recent military conquest dangerously close to Japan. It's not a benefit in other countries, it's either a socialized system or a legal requirement. There has been quite a bit of discussion about this over the past eight years, I've seen numerous videos and discussions about it. The main proponents are the people that are sick of the two party system in general This result will surely cause some upset Democrats to care more about it, but there's a good chance Trump's presidency will also cause Republicans to care more as well. The system is broken, each example will bring more people to the group that wants reform. Yes the losing side will run faster, but both parties have a large contingent of members that would like more options. I only looked at one of them, but it seems that these are able to be released as they have the same illegal language as the Internet Archive release. Their language makes it sound like they were released due to the government being forced to review if they should be upheld. It's a realistic view of a great study. Copenhagen was just one university teaching philosophy around 1840, are you able to name a second philosopher that came out of there? How about 1/10? >Since Kierkegaard was totally forgotten and wasn't rediscovered made popular in Germany by Boltmann till the 20th Century I don't know where you got this, but it is an exaggeration of the truth. And unless you think the same thing is just waiting to happen to all the other philosophers that surrounded him, doesn't change the fact that most philosophy is tossed aside for good reason. And yes, the same can be said of many different fields. It's the kind of thing that's largely up to personal preference, people that spent a long time with Windows font rendering have a hard time adjusting to the old Freetype2. The newest Freetype2 integrated the infinality patches which make the rendering much easier on the eyes for those people. Distrowatch says Fedora 25 uses an older Freetype2, I think the patches are available to toggle on. Red Hat would rather use that ~$80,000 to hire another kernel developer, the member ranks are just about political clout. No, they aren't donating more to the Linux foundation for political clout. Their scores would also be tied to their jobs, people would get things done because it's another way to advance your rating. I saw the lack of technological improvements as the episode taking place roughly now, the tech for the rating system basically exist already. Their job is to find it out who did this, informing the US population is not part of their job and quite often is counter productive. Don't trust any of them, your interests are more similar to a Russian civilian than any of the agencies. >1) A massive conspiracy in which the leaders of practically the entirety of the US military/intelligence community are willing to go on record with a hoax that will easily be unraveled by the incoming administration in a few months Unless the actual perpetrators were the US intelligence community and/or the incoming administration. Then they could both hide their tracks or have no reason to unravel this. But why suspect the group with the most to gain or the community with the most experience doing this? It's not like there's any other examples of a Republican politician breaking into the DNC to tap their communications, using the intelligence agencies to help cover it up... Billions of dollars plus whatever power comes from picking the president and presumably having a potential deepthroat if they don't behave. And remember, the intelligence community is not unified. Even though Obama has been a huge ally of the intelligence community, not all branches got the same deal. >. Is the phrase "in the event of a coup" just a pretext for having such plans in place, or is it an actual recognition that the current government is not crazy enough to launch a suicidal offensive campaign at the rest of the world? It's merely discussing one such event that could lead to this plan being used, though the risks of failure mean it's unlikely to happen without a coup. What could North Korea do to make it seem like an attack was imminent and then leave enough time for this plan to take place? North Korea will only use nukes if they're in threat of being crushed anyway, or if they have the support of China and either Russia or the US. Wouldn't cars "dissapearing" be a sign that people have decided the quickest route to take involves not taking a car? How does that cast doubt on the data? Incredibly late, but I noted that the community is not unified, some of it is just about getting their candidate. Additionally, some of Trump's proposals mean a lot more cash/power for intelligence agencies, things like harsher standards on immigrants and more control over the internet. They don't have any success, the phone in question was unlocked and Apple tried to help. And Apple was/is part of PRISM, they already have/are volunteering more info then required. Even if Google is worse, that doesn't make Apple good, it's not a two player market. I can't speak for stock android, but the fine grained controls are available in CyanogenMod, and apps are available that have most of the features you mention. Additionally, those apps are free software, so I don't have to blindly trust a member of PRISM that they are secure. All of those features don't matter if there's a backdoor, and from what I read of the FBI case there is one they just foolishly closed it. That's bizarre, considering 40% of Dell computers sold in China come with Linux. Sort of different countries that share a sea border and a common tongue, I have at least a base understanding of 20th century Chinese history. It would be bizarre if you were unable to buy a Linux laptop in Canada if 40% of Dell's sold in America came with Linux. >I think we should all remain open to ideas about how we can improve this UX within the limits a mass market product has to operate within, but that's very different from labeling this a "backdoor." Then release your product in a manner that let's people improve the UX and correctly label what is and isn't a backdoor. How much time do you think someone on active duty in Iraq has to sort through data? And you think you could use that free time to sort through thousands of pages of classified documents without your fellow soldiers or your superiors knowing? Time isn't the only relevant resource. Maybe I'm an asshole, but the "put lives at risk" line seems like nationalistic swill. Even if it risked American combatants, why should that justify hiding the deaths of possibly fifteen thousand Iraqi civilians? A two week leave, that's asking her to check well over 10,000 documents a day. It isn't "quite real damage," it's potential damage. Without revealing and adressing the past deaths, you can expect there to be future deaths. The point of revealing isn't to say "hey we did awful shit," it's to say "we're doing awful shit and it needs to stop." I don't question the free time, I doubt the ability for someone already under a fair amount of emotional distress to be able to hide reading thousands of pages of classified data. Even with the route she took, it was only a matter of months for her to make a mistake that got her arrested. Giving it to wikileaks reduced her anxiety, going through it likely would have ramped it up. Additionally, needing to keep a local copy of the data is a huge risk. Let's give you the benefit of the doubt, not necessarily earned as the other poster points out but let's roll with it. You have successfully defended between two and eleven civilian deaths that were not hidden before the leaks. That leaves you merely with the task of explaining the around twelve thousand that were hidden prior to the leaks. ... How can someone work at the DHS for fifteen years in February 2016? The thing they're saying opened the door was an executive order originally started by Bush in 2008. So if Obama hadn't implemented it, Trump could have basically instantly. Obama was no friend to privacy, but the doors have been open to a surveillance state for decades at minimum. What promises has Microsoft kept that would make me consider trusting privacy to them? A sale to Microsoft would mean the decision to use duckduckgo would rely solely on search performance, and as much as I love bangs it's not a better search engine. Why? When has Microsoft ever done anything that gives you the impression they respect your privacy? I was actively following PC-BSD throughout the change as I've wanted to use BSD over Linux, but a few issues held me back. I believe a lot of the decision to move to a rolling release was users like myself that were grabbing the monthly betas, needing some new hardware support that's years away in FreeBSD. Some of the problems come from a lack of easily obtained details of the switch. They had PC-BSD 11 release candidates, but had hinted at TrueOS, and as someone who was willing to bug test I had no idea what to test. I thought they'd still do an 11 release and provide minimal updates, as there were so many things they knew were broken. That never appeared and I was left downloading the image once a month to see if AMD cards worked. And so many things seemed wrong on those tests, it was impossible to tell what needed testing without reading every bug report. I think things will improve when the team isn't also working on a FreeBSD and FreeNAS release, but it was a bumpy start. So if the supply of low paid labor drops, and the demand rises, the value of low paid labor increases. The reason those jobs have been filled with low paid labor is the workers had no other choice. In this situation they'd end up well rewarded for their work, and those workers with more spending power has traditionally been great for the economy. Lot's of things have completely changed how society works, why shouldn't society change? Partially, it's also that anyone strongly opposed to surveillance realistically can't get elected to high office. If you oppose the intelligence agencies, they have access to the data necessary to ruin you by leaking that your running mate had ECT or someone similar. Kafka wasn't that capable of being a good writer in that situation either. He finished a handful of short stories, never finished a novel, and most of his writing lay unfinished and unpublished at his death. > The original Al-Qaida (every major member is now dead) which planned 9/11 actually didn't feel left behind at all. They were trying to fight change and westernization. Go read the Wikipedia article about 9/11, they were fighting against the US attacks on Muslims, their influence on local politics, and their support of Israel. Why do people think it takes more than that? I was echoing your use of "go read." Saying that's change is misleading. It's foreign control they're opposed to, and that has been normal for over a century. It's a tremendous boon to Linux that it happened, it would have been very easy for him to transition into Illumos while with Joyent or FreeBSD at Netflix. Both already ran DTrace. He stuck with Linux and spent time making their performance tools competitive. You avoid it by using the alternatives, the BSDs and Illumos. The post is probably comparing Gregg to Bryan Cantrill, who is very vocal about what he thinks is wrong with Linux. They often also run on BSD and Illumos. They'd need some specific kernel function to have be difficult to port, and several of the alternatives offer Linux emulation layers for those situations. The lack of DTrace like tools has long been a criticism of Linux. The entire BPF team deserves a lot of credit for their work, but his decision to highlight this problem and help solve it rather than move to FreeBSD likely got it into 4.9 rather than some kernel in the future. Even the earliest teats showed there was still some communication between the two halves,the tactile test from the original paper showed that the subject could not describe an object that only the left hand could feel, but they could point it out. Like the internet archive letters, these are only released as a legal error on the part of the FBI made regarding the ability to challenge the order. This is not the government deciding to lift the order voluntarily, and is not a sign of more transparency from their end. Neither are that hard, FreeBSD has the additional challenge of overcoming Linuxisms. Just takes a little reading, and the FreeBSD Handbook is an excellent work. >For some reason, all of a sudden everyone thinks that ZoL is legally safe to use. I'm not a lawyer, but whatever. That reason is because it's free software, even the FSF thinks it's fine to use ZFS on your system. The issue is whether it's fine for the ZFS module to be distributed with the Linux kernel. And automatically updating ports is easy. Set up Poudriere somewhere to build every night, log in, check security notices, and install the already compiled packages. The dollar amount is preposterous and I don't see how those are subsidies that encourage physical marketing. Theories are never proven correct, they can just predict more experimental results. Assuming they're true is what you do. That's not proof, that's a number of different stories using the same crappy report. >For one great example, look at the plight of OpenSSL. Before it broke way open, how many companies really contributed to it? And how many just used it, not giving a second thought to using it unless there was a CVE? So you think there were a large number of companies privately fixing bugs in OpenSSL? Or how would a less permissive license forced companies to contribute to a project they weren't actively improving? And on your earlier points, keeping changes private likely requires more future contribution and maintenance expectations >The last President to shrink the NSA, CIA, etc was Jimmy Carter. Every other one increased it. And why was Carter able to shrink them? Because Nixon was caught using them to gain political power. The problem is beyond partisan politics. You either support the intelligence agencies, or you don't get elected. Simple as that. The Church Committee was a response to things that came out during the Watergate scandal, and I find it hard to believe that the public cared more about that than the things that than the Watergate scandal itself. Not having the skills isn't the thing that should stop someone in either scenario, it's not wanting the skills. Arch is great for a beginner that wants to know how to set up their own bootloader and similar things, you can use Ubuntu for years without gaining that knowledge. Or how much C editing and compiling does the average Unix user happen to run into? There's very little natural progression in computer use, people do things the way they know how until they decide to learn more. Think of how many time's you've seen some family member slowly select file-save without ever figuring out ctrl-s. I find in hard to fork human behavior and have anything one might consider a good adoption rate. We were fourth in 1910, and moving to third seems more to do with the breakup of Russia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_populatio... This seems like a poor curriculum rather than an actual flaw in philosophy, without the logic framework philosophy is just the history of ideas. If taught in a manner similar to math, where you learn logic tools and then build on top of them over time, I would expect similar and overlapping development. Probably, or the poster also saw the noise and it led them to think about snaps. >So, no restrictions on obtaining a warrant to look at emails. Free warrants? You're misreading a lot of the bill, it says that "nothing in this section or the one preceding shall limit the already existing laws for warrants." Similarly, the "you can't tell anyone" clause already exists, this just isn't changing it. This bill is removing a section in the existing law that considers data stored on a server for more than 180 days abandoned, requiring only a subpoena to access. It's a good bill, though it only addresses a tiny part of the problems, which is why I expect it can get passed. They know it because it's the best theory we currently have. Things aren't 100% sure in physics, there are no laws. Just the best available theory which you should treat as fact while knowing it may not be. The author seems to have noticed the criticism and removed Telegram It can help by letting you offload the work to something like a vps, which also negates the compile/build time. >For the $20 mentioned in the post, I could set up four boxes in four AWS zones. And for the $2.50 also mententioned, you could set up zero. Or you could buy a bandwidth based plan, where $20 will get you at least 250GB of bandwidth. "Better" isn't enough, in the future the same bad reasons will have bad results. Nixon was already shamed, but we needed the spectacle to have any hope of ending the corruption he was caught engaging. Instead, 1980 saw another round of Republicans somehow acquiring Carter's campaign preparation and an ex-Nixon appointee as the VP. The RAM itself isn't much more expensive, it's a compatible motherboard and CPU that add to the price. If you can't afford even a temporary loss of data it's well worth the cost. That is true with whatever filesystem you choose, and ZFS is always a great choice. It's undecided about Canada. There is a law that could say it's punishable by a year in prison, but the law is from thirty years ago and hasn't been tried in this situation. The CBSA says that you can be arrested for failing to divulge a password though, and for now it is their opinion that matters. And if you read the link, that is from an almost two year old bulletin and begins with "until further instruction." I don't know what the exact FOI requests were, so all you can be certain of is "their policy under the Harper government was..." >The primary drivers are deep philosophical and emotional currents. "..." Capitalism kept driving innovation, but not invention. Capitalism drove very little of the invention in earlier times, it was largely driven by World War I and II. WWII saw a large chunk of Europe and America's top minds bind together to stop the Axis, and then after the war their work could be integrated too. This led to a tremendous amount of knowledge that led to computers and the space projects among so much more. By the 70's the main gains were already fleshed out,and the system was back to private competition. If it's a change of philosophy and behavior, it's a change towards peace, removing the absolute need to invent new things and the unquestioned resources to be able to do so. It's a sample size of one, even a well designed test is basically meaningless. Plus, from my research on the subject, a full dose can have positive effects for months after the experience. Taking a full dose around a week before the experiment may have tainted the data. So anyone that routinely wipes their device or doesn't travel with them is a criminal, and your best bet is to just comply and hope they're lazy. How does following any of that advice help the civilian? I only see how a lower adoption rate helps the border patrol. >Quantum Key Distribution relies on an authenticated channel that is simply assumed to already exists. How do you get that authenticated channel It does already exist, there are several quantum networks already. Though, there are also signs that the first generation may have technological issues. And the entire benefit is that using it will allow you to detect if the channel is authenticated, it does nothing to ensure that it is. >Communists are definitely 'dirty'. They represent, in reality - the world's greatest movement of mass murder and oppression The second greatest is capitalism throughout the period of colonialism, and who knows which would win given an equal population at the time. Very few of the things you list have even tangential links to an economic system, and the few that do are confirmation of a central tenet of Communism, the need of a worldwide revolution. People aren't ignoring the lessons history with their continued support of Communism/Socialism, they're looking past the surface commonly brought up. One of the first acts of the Bolsheviks was the elimination of any Soviet that had been formed. They went for a totalitarian approach from the start, and any small hope of that succeeding died when basically every nation in WWI declared war on them. This is very similar to what happened in the French revolution, and the results are very similar. Economic theory isn't to blame for the atrocities committed during revolution and by tyrants. There are a host of reasons those events happened, and capitalism isn't some magic shield stopping them from happening again. Oh, and food definitely has been socialized. The combination of farm subsidies, insurance programs, and welfare programs work to ensure everyone has access to it. Other sources of information can't compete, and it's fairly easy for one source to be controlled by some person or organization. Additionally, when this has been done in the past people turn Wikipedia into the normal internet, hiding media on various pages and using it as a social media stand in. The money would be better spent lowering the normal cost, but then Wikipedia doesn't get the huge supply of editors. No, the best solution is free or affordable access to the entire internet. When the majority of users can't read the sources or access new ones to change things, Wikipedia can become a dangerous tool. The English version has problems with political groups controlling what goes on various Wikipedia pages, this system ensures it will happen. >it's "zero-rated sites or no internet at all" Or the money spent providing Wikipedia data could be used to provide a limited amount of free access to the entire internet. Or on better infrastructure so service doesn't cost a months salary. >A corporation can do none of those things. Yes they can, they just need to hide that they're doing it or keep the government on their side. Except the part where they immediately agreed to help the US Government, only to find that incompetence had made the problem much harder than it should have been. They then resisted having to do a large amount of unpaid labor to continue to help. Plus, a PRISM member. As people seem to think I am wrong, here's a source http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-tn-apple-fbi-call-2016... Give one example of a war where both sides had a justifiable and morally good reason. It's the only situation where a build up of arms before war is understandable. Massing arms out of defense is basically indistinguishable from preparing an attack. Still haven't seen anything showing this, including the license for the FreeBSD kernel can mean a lot of different things. Windows did/does ship with it, I wouldn't call it a fork. About three years doesn't seem so long, reproducing and refining studies takes some time. As do securing funding and going through the acceptance process. I'm not saying it explains all of the rise, but I wonder how much of this is more accurate reporting. I'm from rural America, and people dying of a "gun malfunction" or similar accidental deaths was a common thing. Nobody local was confused, but protecting the family was a large concern. FreeBSD is fixing the graphics issue, their DRM-next branch is in or nearly in sync with Linux. It's not on 11 to my knowledge, still needs some testing, but TrueOS ships with it. Netflix a ton, as others have pointed out. Sony, not that I can see. There was talk of code going upstream, but I never heard more about it. Nintendo hasn't, but people are overselling the "Switch runs FreeBSD" line. A copy of the kernel license was included on the switch, which could mean just one line of code taken technically. From what I've heard, the sys calls don't look like FreeBSD. From what I've seen, it originated here,and it's only speculation. It does seem likely though. The article says indefinite, though it's been updated since you posted. >Would that not immediatly raise the question "why"? If we are a simulation I would really like to know the reason for being simulated. What do they hope to reach with simulating a life like ours? It's the holy grail of the scientific method. Anything becomes testable and observable, the "why" seems obvious. A compromised account is a vague possibility? I'm not amazing at these things, but I could probably access a WiFi network unconnected to me, mask my IP to a different location, and acquire a random Netflix account in a couple of hours. These things are likely, and wrongful lawsuits greatly damage the company while successful ones provide a minimal benefit. I can't figure out why you've added this ridiculous "need to use their computer" part, that would be necessary for a successful lawsuit but suing random Netflix users will look terrible even if the court clears them in the end. But OK... WPA2 is reasonably secure, but most home instances aren't set up well. They often have WPS enabled or a guessable password. Plus weaker set ups are still easy to find. Once you're on, redirect Netflix to a site to grab their info, record the stream from a computer outside their house. This is needlessly complex for what is needed, find a compromised Netflix(+email?), record. Yes, and people are so great at making sure they access https addresses and never ignore a "this may not be secure" warning. And you're still ignoring the major parts. What someone actually needs to do is much easier than all this, and Netflix has already lost if they end up in court with an innocent person. If you want me to prove accounts have been compromised, look at all the account breaches over the past few years, think of how many reuse passwords. In a discussion of "the most expensive weapon ever," why does this $4 billion a year draw your criticism? Even if you have the right to do something, it can still be evil. Capitalism has been given plenty of rights that turned out to be evil, slavery is the simple example. If the ruling class decides what to try and what is considered an error, both those statements can still be correct. So only committing an evil for a couple centuries means it's OK? As I still see it as a fine example of capitalism given the right to do something that was evil. The "election" was unambiguously hacked, you can argue that the democrats are blaming it more than is reasonable, but it happened. Basically the only thing getting a budget increase this year looks to be the military. War isn't started over stern reprimands, increasing military spending and increasing our ties to Russia seem to be the more likely sign of an upcoming war. >They wouldn't have been able to do that with GPL-like code Then explain Android. It's install git, pip, ansible, some python libraries, and download the script. It's two pages because they support a lot of operating systems on a lot of vps providers. Duckduckgo has this solved, with a regions option at the top of the search results and cookies that save your choice. Not useful for the Google April fools joke though. >Honestly I'm so tired of the latest "hey, there's potentially nasty-sounding stuff in common food category that could possibly do vague bad things under vague unspecified circumstance, so stop eating it This article made it very clear that it was just what she does based on what she has encountered, not health advice. Also, a large part of her concern had nothing to do with pollution. It was that different types of seafood require different cooking methods to be healthy to eat. This is well known, and with so much seafood being mislabeled isn't a vague issue. I wonder how much the missionary movement helps counteract the homogeneity. A benefit of diversity is an exposure to different ways of thinking, knocking on strangers doors will give you plenty of that. >I might also make the point that women entering the workforce definitely, by the looks of these numbers, didn't drive a vast expansion in the number of jobs. Rather, it displaced many men who _used_ to have those jobs, and proved its inflexibility at the same time This is a completely different thing, women entering the workforce did not involve new people entering the consumer market. Immigrants do. >immigrants habitually save and/or remit their disposable income, spending as little as possible to get by Source? As it seems like a massive generalization that doesn't reflect what I see from my immigrant neighbors. Though globalization is a definite trend, so much of a persons money is spent on the basics of food and housing, where the money spent is usually higher in the US and more of it will stay local. As these things still need local jobs, and more of those jobs requires more middle class jobs to care for their needs. And I mean no offense here, they would need to spend more on housing than yourself in the short term, making them a net positive relative to yourself almost immediately. Google took significantly from GPL licensed code for their own operating system, which is exactly what you said couldn't happen. > I mean, what if pain is simply a concomitant of consciousness. Would a better world be devoid of consciousness? If I'm imagining a new world, pain is whatever I want it to be. That it seems to be a necessary part of consciousness in this world isn't important. You are putting the constraints of this world on any possible world, and we have no reason to expect these things to be necessary truths. On the triangle. It differs from pain because the sensation of pain is real, while the triangle is a concept we use to simplify the actual world we interact with. There are no two dimensional objects that I am aware of, and changing it to a pyramid still runs into the problem of needing continuous mass in that shape. A four sided triangle may be impossible, but at the same time a three sided triangle seems impossible and we accept it. The world that I'm imagining where it is this world except pain is something different is a new world. If you assume the false accusation was true, ignoring it would not be professional and it would be impossible to keep it to your own time. The mistake was the public and hasty reaction, not politics. The research is secondary because it is something they read about long ago compared to an actual experience they had that may have impacted their life. Most of it's proponents are in favor of more research, but with that being almost impossible still felt the available information was impressive enough. Yes, the public and hasty reaction was inappropriate. This is a very different claim than keeping politics out of the project. Wanting to spread your investment is a normal concept, as is keeping your investments secret. When there is an absence of new evidence for such a long period of time, the research can become secondary out of laziness and forgetfulness rather than a refusal to think critically. What? There is no privacy and open source issue. How is this more concerning than the raw amount of weapons that a lying around everywhere? Giving them access to cheap power or a potential local weapon doesn't seem like that pressing of an issue. Chernobyl killed 38 people directly, and led to a moderate increase in cancer rates. I'd say 1000 bullets could outkill it. So the issue is "sometimes software won't respect your privacy, you will be aware of this and can change it or use something else." That's not an issue. Who cares who's leaders are worse? Both countries are ruled by people without the population's best interest at heart. Do not trust the people telling you Russia is behind all of these problems for the US. Even if it's true, it's a fraction of Russians that are guilty, and if you judge the whole population by what they've done Americans are guilty of a whole hell of a lot too. If we had our act together, we could have worked out the problems with nuclear power fifty years ago. We don't, and I don't see why you think we suddenly will get it together for "renewables." So what percentage of "renewables" does hydroelectricity account for? And why does Wikipedia's discussion of energy subsidies counter your claim, with hydroelectric alone receiving more than nuclear? By the way, renewables is in quotes as you could consider some forms of nuclear power renewable, yet you clearly don't. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_subsidies#United_States This is the display server, the pre-Wayland fragmentation is basically OpenBSD using a patched version of X11. Hell of a problem there. Rich enough to spend half a billion on NeXT, which they turned into OS X. ReactOS is an open source clone of Windows, designed to be binary compatible with Windows. >But anyway, at least in the United States, everyone is "innocent by default" The presumption of innocence only applies to the jury. Even with it, you can be arrested and the prosecutor will make the best possible case against you. It does not apply to anything that has happened in this story so far. From my experience, it sounds like they're pinning the cause of the illness on their ancestors, allowing the mind to get past the fear that fixing the problem involves a destruction of yourself. Conventional psychology tries to do something similar by saying these problems are a chemical imbalance or a dysfunction of the brain, but both of those are hard for a person dealing with the illness to separate from "your mind or yourself is wrong." This is a terrifying idea that only gets worse when an illness goes untreated for long periods. When the only life you remember is depressed, if you work towards fixing it you find the things you like, the friends you've made, and the life you've built will pull you back towards depression. This overcomes all of that by putting you in a new situation and setting a new path for your life. The causes they claim seem silly to me, it's not far away from "of course you have cancer you unrepentant sinner," but some aspects of their treatment methods seem helpful. CBT has been shown to be effective in around 60% of patients, it's great that this method worked for you but this message is very rude to those who won't benefit from it. How would you verify it then? Do you have the coordinates for where the bomb dropped and recent maps of the area? A year ago we said that all ISIL soldiers had been removed from the area, verification seems tricky. You don't think blowing bits of a building in a twenty mile radius would cause cancer? Buildings are made of things like lead and asbestos, blowing small bits of a building over a huge radius seems like a likely hazard. Plus, whatever the hell the bomb is made of. I didn't realize dropping this bomb or doing nothing were the only possible options, the whole 26 day campaign with two wounded US soldiers they did last year led me to believe there may be more options. What reason is there for a war of aggression beyond imperialism? So what do you call a war who's aim is to install a friendly government and take over some amount of the nation's sovereignty? Our goal was removing the Taliban, and taking the right to police residents of the country, particularly Bin Laden, without the need of jurisprudence. Set up a friendly government, take over sovereign right. What am I missing here? > The timing of the test, coinciding with Pence's trip and a day after the military parade, would suggest deliberate defiance How? The parade happened as part of the "Day of the Sun," their most important holiday and when they usually hold a military parade and showcase new weapons. Rockets carry the fuel needed to travel straight up and almost nothing else. Attaching a ton of explosives to it and trying to aim it is a bit trickier. Besides, claiming the free market works because the country almost every capitalist state refuses to do business with has some problems is a bit of a joke. The parade they mention was Saturday, and Day of Sun is a three day holiday. Saying a test on day two suggests defiance still seems like a stretch. Starting the war for those aims is a war of aggression, removing the Taliban is setting up a friendly government, removing their right to police is a removal of sovereignty. Really confused what you're going on about, you keep saying I'm wrong but don't try to say why. They have two US air force bases, and we just sold them eleven billion dollars of arms. There is no question that they are an ally, there's just a chance that will change. Yeah, it is. There's millennia of precedent here and I'm not going any further to argue against "nuh-uh." The best way is using ZFS with parity. The founders birthday is the fifteenth, and it is followed by two days of rest. http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/04/15/north-ko... "This isn't a court case, they had an iron-clad case for war." The only point of a cassus belli is to justify your war of aggression, if someone declares war on you the case for it is clear. And no, the cassus belli was not iron-clad. There are only three legal ones under current law. Defense, defense of an ally, and a UN approval. First two don't work, Afghanistan hadn't declared any wars, and the third never happened. That only happens when a range of telescopes point at a certain spot in the sky? It's possible, but by now they've likely ruled out most possible malfunctions. The script is barely necessary, youtube-dl resumes downloads when run again. If it's a regular thing, set up a cron job to run more frequently than necessary, if it's one time run the command then ; sleep 300 ; the command again Youtube-dl just does what you want 90% of the time, and good docs for the rest. If it has proprietary software and uses an internet connection, assume it is collecting your data. Both of your examples are things that have been common forever. There were germ theory skeptics, still are, that ignored the science showing how many deaths doctor hand washing prevented. And radiation healers were massive in the early twentieth century. I don't understand what people find fun about shifting, but it is not worth the pure agony of traffic jams. Let off the brake, pray the person isn't too close behind you, accelerate a bit, decide if traffic is moving enough to accelerate more, brake. Repeat twice a minute. Add in hills and snow for more "fun." I don't understand not noticing traffic jams. The sequence you need to do isn't hard, but you need to do it so often with a mistake chance every time. And no amount of driving makes snow and hills a non-issue. Winter roads are inherently more dangerous, adding just more pressure to an already annoying situation. A legislator from Russia's third largest party likely isn't that powerful, and he definitely would not have been when Roman was a child. Plus, doesn't sound like he was very involved, divorcing his mother and having three other sons in other marriages plus starting a business career. They are using ZFS, scrubbing is one command. Kind of, there are two main things that give ZFS this false reputation. First is an academic paper testing if modern filesystems still needed ECC RAM. They tested ZFS and concluded horrible things could happen to your data without ECC RAM. They found the same about ext2, but that was just a small paragraph people overlooked. So nothing new, but many people are unaware that other FS have the same issue. Second is a moderator on the FreeNAS forums coming up with a scenario where a ZFS scrub would wipe out your data. Developers and other people that have read the code said it couldn't happen as described, but the story was perpetrated on the FreeNAS forums and spread across the net. Aristotle's works were never lost to Europe, they were doing fine in Spain the entire time. This entire thing is a long propagated mythology that things were at their best when Europe dominated the Mediterranean. The Middle ages were Islamic and Chinese golden ages, and the Han dynasties equalled or surpassed anything in the Greco-Roman sphere. >I don't quite understand. The scholars of Europe did not have access to Aristotle's works. Are you saying that isn't true? Was Spain isolated from the rest of Europe during the Middle Ages? Uh yes? Spain was part of the Umayyad Caliphate and then various other Caliphates until the Reconquista ended Islamic Spain in 1491. Islam never lost Aristotle. Saying that Europe largely lost Aristotle isn't propagating the myth, repeating Hegel and Descartes Eurocentric views is, as is saying civilization is fragile when it survived fine. A lot of the reason the European's liked old things is that they could then claim it was European knowledge rather than Islamic. Examples include Aquinas commissioning a translation of Aristotle from Greek sources, as the existing copies were translated from Arabic. As for sources, yours only shows that Aquinas rationalised Aristotle and Catholicism, which is true. On what I've said, if you didn't know about Al-Andalus I don't know where to begin. Anything about the Umayyad Caliphate would be a start, or almost any modern history of the age. I'm also completely ignoring that the "Fall of Rome" happened in 1453, largely considered the end of the Middle Ages. The only controversial part of what I said is that they liked old things to avoid the tie to Islam. Al-Andalus was Spain, Islamic philosophy was heavily influenced by Aristotle, everyone called the Byzantine Empire Roman, and we are taught a very Eurocentric history. Sorry to continue on, wanted to establish that these things are certain. Don't want to fall into a new blend of scholasticism. 47 states allow Alford pleas, as does the Department of Justice. Though that is kind of how it was used in Echol's case, in general the prosecutors think the person is guilty but don't want to spend money on the proof. Avoiding huge lawsuits was probably why it was used in this situation. My experience has been that very few Chinese restaurants are owned by Chinese immigrants, most are from some other country. There are a handful of "Chinese" food distributors in the US that provide for most restaurants. It's more akin to opening a McDonald's. >The license only exists to give you extra rights you didn't already have under standard copyright law (permission distribute the program, under certain conditions). The license are the terms you must agree with or else you are breaking copyright law, if you ignore it and do things covered in the license you can be sued. >It probably makes it cheaper to produce the cell-phone if the battery is non-replaceable. From the manufacturers point of view, it's cheaper and more profitable. It doesn't help the consumer though, I upgraded phones sooner than I otherwise would have because my battery was dying. >Similarly making your software open-source probably has costs associated with it. In the current climate, yes. If all software was already free, you could save a lot of money not needing to repeat work that has been done. We ideally should insist all software is free, but not everyone agrees that proprietary software is unethical and laws aren't always driven by what is ethical. Easiest to tell with the chicken dishes, and even with the same food source the quality varies wildly. Chefs, amounts of ingredients, freshness and other things still influence things, similar to fast food. Distribution still doesn't have the greatest online presence, but here's one of the east coast distributors. http://nywtc.com This ignores the other parties, which can explain most of the disparity. In Michigan, other candidates got about 1% of the vote in 12 and 5% in 16. Even if it helped Trump win, labeling them "spoilers" just ensures that our terrible system will have this happen again. No, I can't imagine wanting either of those people to win. >but is unlikely to happen any time soon. It's guaranteed not to happen as long as you vote for the big two parties, making sure it doesn't is one of the things that gets bipartisan support. While I agree a win for a third party likely end with the new party entrenching itself like one of the current two, that seems like the best way to get a new party devoted to fixing this to emerge. No. They are the people saying I need to choose between them. Supporting either is not in my interest, they will not earn my vote by being slightly less abhorrent. From John Q. Adams' 31% win to Clinton's 43% win, it depends on what you call "close." >They were submitted as (sometimes secret) change requests by every president post WW2 and accelerated by presidents in the last ~20 years. They started way sooner than that, the first major one was the Louisiana Purchase. Basically non-Washington presidents have been trying to expand their power. > if the underlying process that generates those numbers are widely different. So stop the underlying process? Terrorist organizations aren't quiet about their problems, that tragic day in September was in opposition to US interference in their lives. If our goal was combatting terrorism, we picked a terrible way of addressing the problem. It's strange that they credit a holdover from the Holy Roman Empire days as being one of the reasons, but ignore the privatization of East German industry and the massive infrastructure investment after reunification. >To you these attacks are a valid grievance redressal mechanism? No, but neither is the "War on Terror." "Why Germany still..." All the ethnic cuisines aren't actually that old, and the period that they range from has been full of mass migration, cultural genocide, and actual genocide. Most people live in cities, and likely their only contact with large groups of Native Americans involves tribes lucky enough to have a reservation nearby where a casino can flourish. It's still a bitter ongoing thing in rural areas, where we take their children and send them to boarding schools for most of their childhood, robbing them of a family experience and robbing the community of good paying jobs and opportunities. This probably isn't the right place for this, but I grew up in the same town as one of these schools, and the more I learn the more ridiculous it is. They are a Catholic charity so don't have to reveal their spending, they've had multiple scandals for lying on donation requests, basically everyone running it is rich and white. Yet no one seems to care. Islam has never kept it's holy texts locked away where only the elite can read or interpret them, a huge part of the religion is an oral reading so everyone can hear it. And there never was a pope-like figure, the Reformation made Christianity more like Islam where either the monarch is the head of the church or the two branches are separate. This is usually the rhetoric of the "Islam is an inherently evil religion" crowd, who tend to forget just how terrible the Protestants were. "Defense" is the largest chunk save social security payouts, and it's the only thing Trump's budget suggests gets increased spending. So many of our problems could be fixed by cutting that in half, hell we'd be better defended giving that money to our "enemies" for infrastructure. And the only way it ends up being worthwhile spent on "defense" is a war. A more accurate synopsis is the US leads in tech because of a huge increase in research spending combined with strong use of the scientists fleeing the Nazi's and the Nazi scientists. Every world power's research budget balooned during that period. Spending more on war research without the near worldwide unity or the threat of destruction won't have the same effect. > but what they can't argue against is government incompetence. They can't? Governments are supposed to legislate based on the demands of the public. When you demand a stop to all nuclear power, the budget for the existing installations requires more political capital, making these kinds of events more likely. Oh, and there is renewable nuclear energy. There's a bit of a controversy over it, the petroleum industry has spent a lot of money to say that it isn't renewable. >They just keep redefining it to suit new information. Also known as "the scientific method." This isn't proof of a plan, life does anything to live and reproduce because life without those qualities would not be sustainable. Those traits could be accidental though. The plan also isn't consistent when you step back, everything from planets to the universe do not seem to be following this plan. >I can imagine some (smaller) companies not being fully aware of open source license specifics and unknowingly running into a lawsuit This is not a real problem until there are licensing trolls, where their sole purpose is to make money off of breaches. If a company receives a lawsuit, they can claim ignorance and start to comply with the contract. This would change it into a minor breach of contract, where they would only be liable for actual damages caused. Actual damages would either be nothing or fairly impossible to prove, so the lawsuit would likely be dropped. Or both nature and me produce no plans, our actions are the result of some set of variables that have led to this point. This isn't proof. And you're still focusing on too narrow of a spectrum, you can't even be sure that life must follow these rules just that it has in the one example we have. Believe is the key word here. This is impossible or nearly impossible to prove, so you can believe whatever idea you want. It just isn't science. My personal beliefs are similar but I do expand it to the cosmic stage. I can't answer "why is there something rather than nothing?" But as soon as something exists, either through luck or some plan it does everything it can to ensure it doesn't go back to nothing. This has nothing to do with Wikileaks, who have tried not to release any unpatched vulnerabilities in the Vault 7 documents and have been ignored by many companies they have approached offering to disclose vulnerabilities. At least double check you've got the right person before labeling them an arsonist. Blocking accounts would just earn you an extra $12, not solve the problem. So you'd need to actively prosecute, and account sharing is so rampant that is going to quickly lead to terrible press. >Almost no one will bat an eye at how fathers get a fraction of the time off mothers get in the US at "pro parents" companies. Eg: Mothers might get 3 mothers, fathers might get 1. The laws give them the same amount of time off, twelve weeks. There is a serious parental leave problem in the US, attacking the few places at least taking steps in the right direction doesn't seem smart. The exploit hit everything pre Windows 10, but yes if they find a completely unknown exploit this could be worse? It's not "old Windows machines," it's XP to Server 2012. It also isn't clear that it came from e-mails yet. It's widespread, easy to propagate, and is hitting the places most affected by Windows 10's advanced telemetry and hidden update. An XP computer is old, Windows 8.1 is one generation back. Both are vulnerable to this exploit. Yes, patches have been available for supported versions, I don't know how that makes anything I said wrong or misleading. Places where uptime is vital were bothered by the 10 rollout and may have altered their patching method after. And places with serious privacy concerns must be wary of Windows updates. Enterprise is supposed to allow everyone to be shut off, but mistakes can be very expensive. The resources I see don't show XP as third, though I'm sceptical of anything based on user agent. And I can't find anything about how responsible they would be for the spread. I addressed that it wasn't "old" Windows because there is a crazy belief out there that this only hit XP. Elected officials in charge of the NSA isn't a desirable result. They will just replace the leaders with people loyal to them and we're in the same situation. Technically the military is in charge, who report to the elected officials. But a battle between politicians and an intelligence//counterintelligence agency seems one sided. I understand your point, and in the big picture you are correct. The issue is only 12% of employers offer any kind of paid parental leave, so these companies are still pro-women even if they aren't perfect. If you criticize them they have the option of going back to nothing for everyone, fairer but significantly worse. Don't kid yourself, he is already under their thumb. Look at his proposed budget, three things had a budget increase and two of them contain intelligence organizations. These groups aren't unified. > think the more interesting question is, if you could live even if society didn't value what you were doing, and you could do anything (even nothing) and still be provided with everything you need to survive - what would happen to individuals and what would happen to society Or, as the author put it, >How would human nature change as the aristocratic privilege of leisure becomes the birthright of all? The article doesn't have the tone you're assuming it does. Really? I see nothing obvious about it. Hell, the main people that seem to be making that claim is the CIA, an organization known to lie in the past and benefit from discrediting Wikileaks. I went back through the past couple weeks. Absolutely not obvious. >Increased productivity and production are always good for the economy. But increased consumption is only good insofar as it increases the happiness of the consumer. This is tautologically true: if we didn't care about consumption increasing somebody's happiness, we could easily generate arbitrary amounts of consumption by digging and filling in ditchess We could easily generate arbitrary amounts of production, very easily with things like software now but sandbags work too. Production is only beneficial if it is useful, which requires consumption. An increase in consumption without an increase in production drives the price up, making business target that area for expansion and giving the store owners a windfall of money they could invest. While an increase in production without consumption leads to prices dropping, so store owners need to sell more for the same profit, businesses could face losses due to storage and waste costs, and other products could be more expensive due to resources used. Not really. If the accusations are true they'd hold on to them, and if they are false they'd likely face consequences on dropping them. Not really, marijuana withdrawals are fairly tame and many people don't even experiences those. At most, a couple of weeks of irritability, appetite issues, and problems sleeping. The psychological "withdrawal" can be much worse, but there is a whole range of regular things that can lead to those addictions. And it is often abused to hide other mental health issues, which can flare up while quitting. I moved the goalposts to "what our scientific research has found," not to some anecdotal evidence of a particularly bad psychological withdrawal someone you know had. That wasn't the drug's fault, and your friend could have done many innocuous tasks before sleep and had the same problems quitting. Acceptance doesn't dismiss theories, evidence does. A physicist shouldn't truly deny anything, just look at the evidence and say it is not the best theory. Even with a better explanation, we can't be sure more information won't see the return of dark matter. Milgrom should understand this well, he's suggesting the return of the cosmological constant. "Proven theory" isn't a thing, Milgrom is a scientist, he should be well aware of that. Using truth conditional logic here just doesn't make sense. >This subthread deals with the completely different issue, it's about bad logic. No matter how well Milgrom and/or his theory could be discredited, that doesn't change the fact we can dismiss something prior to fully understand it It's not bad logic, it only seems like it is because you're approaching it from an Aristotlean view of logic. These things can't be proven, so dismissing them is never an option in science. No, as the entire concept of "fully understand" is ridiculous. We can't fully understand anything, so if you assume the answer is yes then we could dismiss everything. The actual quote agrees with me here. If we understood it better the best you could do is doubt its existence. It's not your English, I understand what you are saying, you're game of logic is using an old copy of the rules. Science doesn't dismiss things. Theories about ether were put aside when we started getting experimental results that it could not support and developed other models that explained it better. The theory still exists, and there is a possibility that someone will use it to better explain things in the future. Your logic boils down to "if we understand something, it can not be dismissed. If we do not understand something, it can be dismissed..." This doesn't work in science though, the first assumption can not be true, so the second ends up saying you can dismiss everything. Leibniz and other's noticed and addressed this flaw in logic in the 1700's, and expanded logic to deal with it. I am not great at this logic either, but a laymen's version goes "if `theory` supports experimental evidence better than anything else, you should act as if it were true until a better theory is available." Yes, we could abandon it. The point of science is that we never should. Before the scientific method was adopted, we would take that pretty woman, ignore any flaws, and make them essentially god. A new one had almost no chance to compete, even of they were much prettier. With the scientific method, we say that she's the best around, but there's probably a better one out there, and with a little work it might be the old one. So it's easier to adopt new ideas, and the old ones still provide some value. "Update now to windows ten for free!" Sometimes Linux may not be an answer, but with routers it. Buy a router, put LEDE on it, and block the domains. You didn't buy/pay for the operating system. You bought the rights to use the operating system under the terms Microsoft stated. About 60% of people in the poorest, most remote parts of America don't have running water. So what do you say if the utilities work but are too expensive to hook up? You're ignoring large chunks of your state, the reservations. They tend to better than the SD ones, but still have things like 50% unemployment. I may have mistaken electricity or running water for just running water, and any numbers are sketchy as they don't have a lot of trust in the federal government, but life in the SD reservations is fucked up. Lack of utilities, 25% of children are born with fetal alcohol syndrome, people are dying from packs of wild dogs, and ~90% unemployment. You could argue it isn't third world conditions, but a slow burning genocide. http://www.4aihf.org/id40.html Wasn't lying, misread an article. And I have no idea how you think it looks untrue. Their situation is quite similar to a third world country, you're free to come and see for yourself. Yeah, one generation likely won a war for it, a few more probably had to pick the right sides during the various civil wars, but beyond that keeping land in your family doesn't take blood sweat and tears. It takes a little political bickering and lot of family infighting. The protests probably started organically, the neighbouring Arab Springs seemed successful at the time and Syria was dealing with a long drought, food being one of the primary causes of major protest. Various Sunni generals then defected, probably figuring it would end quickly and they would be primed for chief roles in the new government. al-Assad didn't step down though, and outside help started pouring in from both sides. Whether Clinton got involved before the Sunni generals defected or after, I can't say for sure. The US has no qualms supporting potential coups but Sunni's rising up against an Alawite leader isn't surprising either. Blaming her for the protests seems like a stretch. Acting like she's some lone agent in the US pushing this kind of stuff requires ignoring centuries of history. >Ok, but how do you go from that to islamic state ? Through two years of civil war, causing unrest, instability, and dissatisfaction with both sides of the conflict. Add in the fighters who had been in the same situation for the past decade in neighboring Iraq, and you end up with a large group of armed people that want nothing to do with Russia or the US. Qubes is Gnu+Linux, it's a fine choice but not the only one. The USSR's nuclear espionage helped their bomb project, but it was not essential. They more used it to check their own work, and likely stopped some detours on the road. And if their space technology was "borrowed" from the Germans, so was the US's. That isn't what I said. The steps necessary for making a bomb were known to Soviet scientists, the information stolen saved them some trouble of discovering which methods worked best. Valuable, but not essential. Every situation involves them losing their freedom. Even in this cage free prison they are stuck there under someone else's control. This is a punishment, and I don't see why justice needs more than this. A victim may wish for harsher punishment, but that won't actually help their problems. I believe that means it's correctly interpreting the Unicode, but there isn't a font that contains a character for that code. I think this is because the "official" Android font is patented, another layer of absurd crap that leads to many Unicode issues. The article is about the protests as a whole, they ended in the "Tiananmen Square Massacre" like the first paragraph of the article says. If the selection committee doesn't represent a diverse field, a blind review can still be biased. I write things in a way I find compelling, other people that find them compelling are likely similar to me. >A system based on something other than merit. If the people in charge aren't the people with the most merit, they aren't really qualified. Merit isn't an absolute, there's no test that shows what your merit would be to a company. Diversity adds to your merit, both through positive PR and through having a range of experiences to draw from when dealing with a problem. It's much harder to cater for in food preparation, you would basically need a separate cook and kitchen to be able to call anything "gluten-free." Some places skirt around this by saying the ingredients are gluten-free, but I'm sure the internet is full of people saying they got sick eating those. The medical profession refuses to consider things that have no evidence supporting them, which is why they aren't pointing the blame at GMO's. Yes, our corn is different. The change is partially responsible for millions of people being alive. The entire bit about Robert Thornton seems unnecessary, they can't even keep his name consistent. Though a German citizen writing a letter to an African-American in 1944 probably does say a fair amount about his philosophy of science, if you include the letter at all it seems worth mentioning. Yes, that was the point. And being an American citizen tells you more about his philosophy, as most American physicists would not have been allowed to write such a letter in 1944. His quote comes from an interview about a 2006 book he published, Grandin loved the book and spoke highly of it around then, and then her quote comes from her 2008 book. They lived through fear during the war, lessening the anxiety they likely felt pre-war. Things look an awful lot like the relatively peaceful and comfortable times before the last wars, and the military advances are terrifying since then. This is where anxiety thrives. >Capitalism with relatively free trade is the only mechanism in the history of the world to be able to pull massive numbers of people out of grinding poverty. What does this even mean? Rome pulled massive numbers of people out of grinding poverty with the free grain dole, not at all capitalist. >If you need a refresher course, watch Venezuela unfold right now in real time. Yep, socialism is the cause of all their problems. In no way is this situation caused by the huge drop in oil prices, something almost entirely outside their control. And Capitalism has never experienced a collapse like theirs... Calling the Roman economy "capitalism" seems like a bit of a stretch, given things like the Emperor's ultimate control over anything. If you roll with it you're doing a massive white wash of history to praise capitalism for eventually improving problems it faced. >as well as some slavery and conquering which impoverish some populations to enrich others). Massive understatement, roughly 15% of the population of Rome were slaves and the Pax Romana is often seen as one of the causes of the breakdown of the economy. This is a common theme with capitalism and it's enrichment periods. It's very hard to argue that most of the world benefitted from colonialism. >And Rome periodically put them back into grinding poverty by reducing the size of the grain dole because it was too expensive? Funding consumption can't reduce long term poverty (give a fish vs teach to fish). And capitalism periodically put them back into grinding poverty with massive crashes or unchecked greed. Teaching a man to fish isn't that helpful if you then own all of the poles and materials to make the poles and refuse to share. "Citizens of Rome" meaning what? As the traditional meaning is literally the residents of Rome until 90 BCE, then reluctantly Italians. Provincials weren't citizens until 212 AD, and that still left out slaves. It was about the grain dole, the rich bought all the land that the soldiers owned while they were off at war and then forced the state to auction the land won to the highest bidder. This led to the free market and free trade of soldiers, where competition is not at all in the public interest. By taking that statement to it's logical endpoint for a start, rather than the crazy libertarian version where "keeping your own power" includes a government that is ensuring what you call your own power stays your own power. Or, "What is Property?" They didn't steal the land, that came later afterwards the republic fell. They used their wealth in a free market political field to start wars that the citizen army left to fight, then stepped in to buy the land that the owners were too busy at war to maintain. And no, control of that land isn't what enabled the grain dole. The lands won by the army did. This isn't that different than capitalist Venezuela. Loan someone in Venezuela a bunch of arms, they fight, then they have to repay you and look at those discovered oil fields they have! >You're not taking into account all the people who didn't die immediately but long before their time because of cancer. Neither are you, you're speculating that they must exist in high numbers. That quote doesn't show anything, that could be a coincidence and frequently is a vague term for a very busy individual. There has been a noticeable increase in thyroid cancer incidents in the area, but treated thyroid cancer is the second least fatal cancer. About 93% of people are alive thirty years later. The highest peer reviewed studies estimate 27,000 deaths, still far below the Banqiao dam failure. That's a writeup on the report from the Chernobyl Forum, a group created by the UN's International Atomic Energy Agency. The WHO was a member of the forum, and it won a Nobel Peace Prize, but there are some large issues with their projection methods. That said, mine wasn't peer reviewed, and used the same method as the Forum report with some small tweaks. I didn't check my sources well enough, but I also can't find anything credible listing it far above that number. I wouldn't say they were direct. That number is based on a comparison with a 1916 tsunami and earthquake death toll, and with around one of those thirty-four being under sixty that seems hard to calculate exactly. >The point is, there is no good outcome in a pissing match over what has the most negative impact when we routinely ignore any number of causes of death that we can be fixing but don't. That isn't the point, any time you mention nuclear power you get a swarm of people saying it's so unsafe and we need to move towards renewables. It's safer than the largest renewable source currently, and the UN considers some nuclear power a renewable source. The US doesn't, largely due to fossil fuel lobbying. >How is HN less capitalist-friendly? It isn't a business focused newspaper owned by News Corp, most anticapitalists aren't going to go anywhere near their comments section. So are you in favor of a law so they can't discriminate on who they help? As if you are, it's an optional tax played for by people who aren't fully aware of the need. And if you aren't, better not tell anyone about your differences, you might die if the coke distributor knows you drink Pepsi or if the church knows you're gay. >Case in point: most of the major tech companies. The ones that have recently faced age discrimination suits, criticism for the lack of diversity in their employees, and a whole range of reports of terrible conditions in their manufacturing plants? For some bizarre reason, I'm sceptical. >And if one did, would you really want to be associated with them and/or have them paying for your healthcare When compared to dying or living with severe health problems, absolutely. This entire thing is about unexpected healthcare costs, I may not have the ability to shop around for the most ethical choice. Absolute certainty that this would not be used as an excuse to launch military attacks would be a start. So adding a line to your job postings and sending out press releases is a better indicator than their actual acts? As you're probably talking about the same companies as me. I understand what you're saying with "the ability to discriminate is important," but free discrimination has led to the trampling of human rights repeatedly in history. >If everyone who feels they are don't have a way of making themselves heard (whether or not that thought is valid) just starts harming unrelated people, we can just do away with society completely. So... The US starts the Iraq War, thousands die, society goes away completely, and then ISIS show up? These groups didn't just decide to start these campaigns, their lives got progressively worse and they sought something that might improve it. So, the US think their way is the right way, invade their country over it, and force anyone who doesn't subscribe to that view to follow it. Look how angry them doing that makes you, that's a fraction of what they feel. There's nothing sophisticated about China's attack strategy on VPN's, make them illegal and block their IP. Sites like greatfire.org maintain lists of working ones, or running one on a vps would be pretty easy. >Actually no - politics in democratic systems should transcend this immature behaviour. This isn't a democracy, it's a republic. Any compromise needs a supermajority of citizens in support of a majority of elected officials. With the two party system, often compromising can lead to an election loss even if the majority of voters were in favor of the end bill. This doesn't change anything I said beyond the first sentence. They described what should happen under a "democracy" and since our democratic system is unarguably a republic, things don't work that way. Sorry I hit some strange political nerve. I remember the internet being full of the "ugh, were not a democracy" posts too, but I also swore some oath to the republic every day for a decade. It is not a democracy in the form their example illustrated, it is a democratic republic. I didn't think that statement would be controversial as it is true for what I assumed was the definition of democracy used. >because the us helped to overthrow peron it's okay that Russia interfered in the us elections? It's never OK, because of the US past actions it's hypocritical to get overly upset when it happens to the US unless also accompanied by an effort to stop in the future. If the US deserves untampered elections, the rest of the world does too. Even if it means the new government isn't fond of the US I wonder if they'll gain the widespread acceptance like Grimm's fairy tales, propaganda for the unification and strengthening of Germany. Https Everywhere https://www.eff.org/files/https-everywhere-test/index.html Privacybadger's release edition already is. >The more centralized power/money is, the more ripe it will be for corruptive forces. If this is the basis of your argument, then again there is only one logical endpoint. "What is property?... Property is theft!" Ownernship centralizes power over that thing in the hands of a person or small group. The US libertarian view is anarchy with property rights stapled on, which does nothing except help the rich get more powerful. They use the same arguments about how freedom is essential and government interference is bad, but ignore how there is no freedom on private property and want government guaranteeing their status. >College students will have to pay the cost of their college educations one way or another. Either with loan repayments or higher taxes. If I'm buying a hundred thousand tuitions, presumably I can negotiate a lower price far easier than if I'm buying one. Additionally, even if their total monthly income was the same, not being in a large amount of debt could be a positive. Many would feel more comfortable taking a loan to start a business or build a house, and it would be easier to justify spending without needing to worry about debt interest. >As is typical, the girls are more sensitive, and tend to seek approval and understanding. The boys are more rough, need to be spoken to much more bluntly, and view me (their father) as an intellectual companion / wrestling partner, depending on their age. I imagine most parents find themselves in similar situations, and we respond according to the needs of their children You raised these children, your idea of "typical" is going to be reflected in their behavior. They want your affection and attention, and from an early age they've noticed that you react in different ways to their attempts. Combine that with the well defined stereotypes in media, and you get a disparity in how they want to be treated. I'm not trying to chastise you for this, actively working against it would be difficult and possibly worse for the child. And there are some differences caused by hormones. You are the driving force in their behavior though. Solaris is completely separate, but I believe the encryption comes from Illumos just needs a ton of changing to work on Linux. >In China, it is called the 1978 reform Lenin's New Economic Policy in the USSR. What so you mean "found malware?" You checked the installer and found that some aspect was malicious or some software you are running said it found malware? As the installer seems likely to cause false positives. You're still better using independent VPN clients, but I would not trust them at all if the installer actually has malware. So an installer was trying to set up autoruns, and the outbound connection IP's were on some list? The first part seems like expected behavior, the second sounds like your list of bad IP's included several that one of the most popular VPN providers use. Checking if their various servers exist on install seems likely. And well known C&C servers probably hide their actual IP, they'd be fairly easy to shut down if they didn't. You linked a site that makes money on convincing people to spend money getting a CDL, not really a reliable source. Very few truckers are doing well, even your source wages aren't that great for most positions when you add in the other costs. And USA Today had a piece last week about one working unsafe hours and making as little as $.67 a week. https://www.usatoday.com/pages/interactives/news/rigged-forc... >The NSA hoards vulnerabilities for the same reason the military has guns. Because other countries have guns too. This is too obvious a point to be lost on the readers here Not remotely the same thing. The Army hoards guns in case we enter a war and need them. The NSA hoards vulnerabilities so they can spend more time using them on our allies, fellow citizens, anf our enemies. The problem is in the future, and those uneducated immigrants will have college aged kids in the time frame you mention. They will have the resources needed to develop this automated society, and the automation of labor makes being a dependent less of an issue. Most of the unique elements of Japan's culture come from emulating Western programs. First in a militaristic way as a response to Commodore Perry, then as a result of the post-war occupation. Tea ceremony and Zen Buddhism are Chinese traditions. Zen's influence today is largely related to the turn away from militarized Shinto and western interest during the period. The tea ceremony has changed in Japan and it is one of their longest traditions. Geisha were sex workers with a bit of mystique attached. Similarly, samurai were knights or dukes, and any influence they currently have comes from a romanticised version much like knights received. Yes, and I understand the difference between history and the cultural perception of it. The ideas these things represent often come from the Meiji period propaganda. Yes, a picture is taken of every piece of mail sent, tracking the "metadata." Additionally, the Church committee found around 10,000 pieces of mail a year were opened and photographed by the FBI without postal service knowledge. Some of the details are in the "Family Jewels," finally made public in 2007. The CIA not the FBI, my mistake there, would either arrange the post to be moved to a separate room or sneak mail out in briefcases or pockets. https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/collection/family-je... >The US has generally been quite isolationist. Complete propaganda, the US tried to avoid European wars while profiting off them as much as possible. During this, they conquered huge areas of Native American, Mexican, Asian, and South American lands. Wikileaks was not involved, they're securely posting CIA documents. >and this was one of NSA's most potent zero-days. Says who? We have no idea what they're sitting on, even our guesses come from terrible data. You're saying that the homeless people that approach you for money represent all or most of the homeless people that exist, and that simply isn't true. There are some people that choose a panhandling lifestyle, but there are many more who end up homeless and are too sick or proud to do that. For people who don't know, vimtutor is generally installed with vim. So if you have vim, just put `vimtutor` in the command linr and add the two letter language code if you want something besides English. It is something that every state and county could decide. >but the African slaves themselves were basically all enslaved by other Africans and then sold to the Europeans Paying someone else to do the work doesn't change who was responsible. >Portugal was also the first country to officially forbid the slave trade. In mainland Portugal, slavery wasn't abolished in Brazil until 1869. >because in fact Lisbon had very few ones actually living there (it was not well seen in Catholic Europe to own slaves) and was mostly a point of passage (but then again, so were many Atlantic islands). Catholic Europe didn't have a huge problem with it until the eighteenth century, they just had enough serfs that it generally wasn't necessary. Plus, this is about Protestant Portugal, and your source mentions that in 1550 10% of Lisbon's population was African slaves. The article mentions ten percent of their population were slaves in the sixteenth century, and Christianity was not what had an issue with it. Portuguese Brazil was a huge part of the slave trade, and it was the same Christianity as Portugal. >Europeans were not going around kidnapping natives at large like the article suggests, they were buying them from the other natives that were the ones actually enslaving them. Again, paying someone else to do the work doesn't change anything. They were kidnapped and enslaved for the Europeans, there is nothing factually wrong in the article. I'm not trying to hide history here. By saying it was the Africans who did the kidnapping, you're putting the crime on them. But if they refused, they likely would have been enslaved or killed. Their involvement isn't overly important, and it's usually brought up to try to lessen the extreme horrors of European colonialism. >Yes, and this article is about Lisbon. Lisbon, is in mainland Portugal Your comments were about how Portugal was at ease with it's slavery past, and came as part of the "Africans were the kidnappers" spiel. Mainland Portugal was in control of Brazil at the time, part of this time involved the court located in Brazil. The Protestant Portugal was my mistake. Read about the Thirty Years War recently, I thought the break from the Iberian Union was for religious differences. So many countries fighting for so many reasons. >But the natives were very clearly and very well documented NOT coerced (like you are trying to claim), they just continued doing what they already did for at least 15 centuries before. Again, you're looking at things too directly. If they refused, the offer would go out to their rivals. So unless every group of people refused, you were facing slavery or death if you refused. You keep mentioning Africa's ancient slave legacy, ignoring your own source saying that it isn't clear chattel slavery was practiced in the area, and that war slaves were a common feature in Europe until the eighteenth century. >validate my point about LISBON. Yet you ignored the parts that didn't, like the ten percent of the population part. >Ok, so what? Both you and you rival have something to sell. If I don't buy it from you, I buy it from your rival. It's not a one time transaction. If they buy slaves from your rivals, they have more money to spend on arms and a need for more people to sell. So refusing wasn't a safe option, creating a larger demand changed the game dramatically. >In a nutshell, Europeans didn't turn that people into chattel slaves, they where turned into that by the other natives that enslaved them. You could sell a debt slave with the thought the new owner would abide by the same rules. Or if slaves were treated as members of your household with an free children and a general path back to freedom, you might expect the buyer does the same. If you don't view people as property, you won't expect what someone buying them will do. >Yes, the 10% that only occurred for a short time compared to the rest of the all Europe and because you keep accounting for people passing by than only spent there some weeks (i.e. the slaves waiting to be sold). Source? As given how poorly Portugal looks in the slave trade, the last ship of slaves being Portugese to Brazil, that is hard to believe. And are you really happy with the argument "Portugal shouldn't overly acknowledge the slave trade, they barely kept any in the mainland while profiting off their sale and work for centuries." Capitalizing random words doesn't make them true, nice dodge out of getting that source and ignoring how being the motivator still makes you the kidnapper. Next you'll tell me about how glorious the reconquista was. >Face it, Europeans traded the slaves, but the ones doing the enslaving were the Africans themselves that have been doing it for at least 2000 years now. I know, facts hurt your feelings when all you care is to play the SJW... though life. As I've explained, Western Africa had slaves before the Europeans came in, but the scale and treatment was completely different. The Wikipedia article you keep linking says they had a spot at their master's table and sometimes more wives than the master. The creation of a large market for slaves changed things, and yes is still part of the reason it still goes on. A lot of people became entrenched in that field, and without a ton of better options are still in it only 130 years later. There are other causes, war in the Sudan and a lack of collateral for debt, but it's not some inate preference to slavery on Africa. Calling me a SJW for refusing to eat the nineteenth century European propaganda makes it really hard to take you seriously. >Let me guess, Portuguese and Spanish getting rid of the people oppressing and ENSLAVING them for centuries hurts your SJW feelings, cause Portuguese and Spanish are mostly white and as such they deserved to suffer? Funny how there were still so many Jews and Christians in An-Andalus that they needed saving from their terrible captors, and that one of the first acts the Crusaders did was to murder the Christian Bishop of Lisbon. BTW, trying to justify the Crusades is another sign you're eating the nineteenth century propaganda bullshit. The bullshit that led to Estado Nova and Portugal continuing to show only love for Africa. >BTW: "Historian John L. Vogt estimates that 10% of Lisbon’s population was black (BOTH ENSLAVED AND FREE) during the sixteenth century." It comes directly from the ARTICLE you so much love and defend, but I can't even expect you to be able to have that level of reading comprehension. Wikipedia has a similar claim, dropping the "enslaved and free" part. All of the references are in books I can't access, nice dodge out of proving your nonsense again though. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_slavery#Portugal The article provides one source for the statistic, Wikipedia provides two more. All are from books that I can not access the reference, but one of them does let me read about the Queen's five Brazilian slaves in addition to the many African slaves. The Church may have been a reason, very different than the Christian faith > It's not reasonable that some people should have to work, so that others may voluntarily sit idle When has this not been true? The only thing that changes are the amount of people that can be idle and that the people able to get education will be more pressed to work. >I suspect universal income makes inaccurate assumptions about human nature. I think that without a need to work, a large fraction of people will choose not to. I doubt universal income could sustain that. What percentage of the labor force do you think are motivated purely by survival now? It's basically the unskilled laborers, anyone else has other motivations. >Our population keeps on growing, but our planet stays the same size. Unless this changes, we'll see increasing competition for food and living space. The fraction of the economy spent on UBI would continue to increase due to inflation of those costs Drove through 500 miles of basically nothing today. We're fine on living space for quite some time, and a combination of better food production and waste limiting would handle food availability for quite some time. ALSA is part of the kernel, it's likely been pre-installed in every Linux you have ever run. It's not a mark against it that you choose to install distros developed to use pulseaudio. >So to fill in what comes after the ellipses for the typical respondent of news of a laptop running OpenBSD: "Really? But... wouldn't that require special trips to the internet to copy/paste configuration settings that still only partially solve the problem of a laptop running an OS that wasn't designed to run on a laptop?" And the answer seems to be: yes These problems seem related to the choice of WindowMaker, not OpenBSD. Choosing a different window manager or desktop environment won't have the same issues. And ACPI events vary wildly, unless the two people are using the exact same model I wouldn't be surprised if their suspend/resume success is different. Lenovo T420S has an Nvidia GPU from what I can see, it's probably trying to use that but there's some issue getting nouveau's acceleration working. And battery life on thinkpads often needs tinkering, either through kernel parameters or tp_smapi if supported. The US can't go in without either a direct act of war by North Korea or a UN resolution, anything else would allow China to declare war and that would be the US start of WWIII. Removing Kim would just provoke a new round of discussion about a unified Korea an China loosening control over Burma and other areas. They would be a five minute hero with negative long term results. Yes, China would take an invasion of a bordering ally as an act of war on them. It wouldn't be a risk of war, it would be the US declaring war on China, and much of the world's favor would go to the defender. And yeah, the UN resolution is incredibly unlikely. That's why it would work, if China consented to the move it wouldn't trigger WWIII. That's likely true for some sort of missile strike, but a missile strike also doesn't remove the problem. Even in the event we killed Kim in a strike, the replacement would be unlikely to be western friendly. This discussion is about "going in," which I take to mean an invasion. Any invasion attempt would start with the understanding that Seoul is going to look like London after the blitz at best. China has went to war with the US over North Korea before, at a time where they didn't even have a nuclear option. Saying things won't happen due to economic and military losses is the exact rhetoric you heard before WWI and a WWII. Losing the buffer state would be seen as a direct threat on their land and people, and the UN would be powerless in a conflict between two security council members. Strong trading ties doesn't stop war. This is one of the largest lessons of WWI, and why an isolationist leader of the US is terrifying. It's sold as putting America first, but its scarily similar to the mad dash for guaranteed access to necessary resources before WWII. There hasn't been a true war between great powers since WWII, and that's more likely due to nuclear bombs than free trade agreements. Mutual defense agreements don't matter if the US invades North Korea, the US is not the defensive party in the war. And it's easy to say that all of these sides would back the US now, an aggressive war in the region could change a lot of alliances. Invading North Korea is not a sane option for the US unless China consents. The best case scenario sees China allowing it while preparing for a future conflict, and all out war is very possible. You are much more confident than I that no one would help an attacked China via North Korea and that the US would never march on Beijing for a third (fourth? Not sure how many US troops were involved in the Opium Wars) time. Both things seem very possible in a world where the US invades an ally of China. From what I can tell, Visa is offering an essay contest food establishments can enter on why their store would benefit from going cashless. Then they "pledge" to go cashless and get the money. Hard to say for sure when the site for it says "details coming" and every article is using the same press release. So, an ad campaign saying "credit cards are better than cash." Assuming this is the same thing as hardware-assisted checksums, both the ZFS on Linux maintainer and Intel have said that they are working on it at various cons last year. RHEL has a repository run by the ZFS on Linux team, and if you know ZFS it's not much harder than partitioning your disks. The big issue is a lack of documentation on using GRUB with ZFS. It's seemingly nonexistent, leading most guides to say /boot needs a separate partition. The ESP does not need to contain /boot, it only needs to contain the EFI. And the UEFI specifications are for an independent filesystem based on FAT, VFAT is still patented. In practice, any FAT filesystem usually works. >but for the discovery of things you don't know anything about yet, its a poor substitute. You're describing getting a random selection from a section, something computers are excellent at. Or you're talking about browsing things as a list, something else computers excel at. The biggest difference on doing this on a computer is a loss of a sort of grime based review system. Something that could be seen as a benefit or detriment in different circumstances. New information may change her view, and it certainly has a better chance than just a fine. Financial punishment is a vital part, but it alone would reinforce the narrative she likely already has about the government taking her money and giving it to immigrants. They weren't communist, the only important thing. The organization includes Portugal as a founding member and their first real act was supporting the Rhee led South Korea, why would they object to this? He uses a sample size of one from the 70's to claim theories "really work." Further, his examples of economic theories that work come almost all come from mathematicians/physicists that moved into the field. >In a lot of places, having a talk with your manager about your salary before going off and actively looking for other offers is going to go down a lot better. Most line managers worth working for, value their teams and will fight for them if they are unhappy, without the threats. This doesn't agree with the research here, and your first statement doesn't agree with your second. If you value your team, they shouldn't end up unhappy with their salary, and they shouldn't be thrown under the bus for exploring what they're worth outside the company. The tamest threat to fire them reinforces the point. >the constant call to go in with guns blazing doesn't seem helpful to me. Getting independent information of your value isn't "guns blazing." OK, then the boss isn't able to get any specific reports on my performance, they can only ask me directly how well I'm performing or look at standards of performance. Going out and tracking my individual performance takes too much work and shows they don't trust me. Seems fair. Are you using an IP possibly in use by other people? As I'm seeing zero logging in. As to why multiple, they're to prevent bots. Random clicking succeeds some percent of the time, several decreases that percentage. The Apollo Open Platform seems to be something separate not licensed under the Apache License. It appears to be the actual data used to design a robot, and the Apollo software is just the UI. >I often wonder, if the market crashes again will we be in another great depression that leads us to ww3. It's still unclear that we would need another one. Going by the WWII timeline, the invasion of Poland would be roughly in the next year. The plague didn't hit until after the Mongol empire fracture. I don't know what institutions you think the Mongols were missing, but an empire that size is just waiting to fragment. >This is why constitutionally no such authority was ever given to the federal government to institute such agencies. "[The Congress shall have Power] To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes." Article 1, also allows for them to make laws ensuring they can execute that directive. This is the first public beta, so presumably anyone testing the software were well aware of the risks, and they would fix the vulnerabilities found before making the release. This isn't new. The Card-Kreuger study was performed at a point when many of these companies were first introducing computers for various logistics tasks, increasing productivity and replacing some jobs. Further, if you say that old studies aren't reliable because it's a brave new world, the predictions you make due to some numbers are also unreliable. >Are you honestly saying that commonly available technology in the early 90's was capable of replacing as many jobs as it is today? I don't need to say that, fewer jobs being lost should have still have had an impact and those studies didn't find one. There are other periods in history where the leaps forward did have something like this level of impact, and jobs didn't disappear then either. >With those basic and reasonable assumptions in place, minimum wage increases today will cost minimum wage jobs. Your reasonable assumptions include this same process happening throughout history. It has had the same result throughout history, yet you're predicting that this result will somehow change. >Remember, most people's standards for proof are not 'video required or get out'. They're quite willing to believe simple text and image based stories if it backs their preconceptions and the source looks semi plausible. The shift to video won't be over a high standard of truth, it'll be chasing the higher ad revenue available on TV/YouTube. It's just the more popular medium If their goal is to convince people of something false that would be enough. Their goal is usually ratings, and this kind of stuff makes for a better show. They don't want to rely on China to secure their regime, they know how precarious that position can be. Oil money, North Dakota is the second largest producer of oil in the US. There was no big announced project, just a large number of grants and tax cuts to promote infrastructure investment. And, from the looks of it, a depressing amount of the area without access are the reservations. Wikileaks is an English speaking organization with no Russian speakers on the staff, why would a leaker consider leaking Russian documents there? They can't leak what no one sends them, which also explains the other two. Assange hosted a show that RT acquired the first broadcast license for, I doubt he had much contact with RT employees for that show. And again, why would a Russian leaker consider Wikileaks over another organization full of Russian speakers? Why would they get something is the question? I doubt Wikileaks is that well known in Russia, most Americans have a vague idea of what it is already. The second paragraph concludes the reactor was built for nuclear weapons development, I don't see how it can be considered "another example." Depends on how much of the original work is still usable, I'd guess ten years after funding it. Your argument doesn't make sense to me. Nuclear proponents have argued that nuclear power is safe for decades, and the statistics that show they've been right so far are somehow proof that they've been lying this entire time? It's a reactor designed to produce large amounts of plutonium. Any reactor produces some amount of energy, nuclear reactions are famous for their energy creation. Oil prices dropped from $100 a barrel to $40, their economy relies almost solely on oil exports. There's some amount that is explained by corruption and poor investments over the past decade, but primarily it's the oil price. A capitalist Venezuela faced similar economic problems in the 80's-90's, even had the same response to the unrest when they jailed Chavez. Socialism isn't the cause, it just wasn't the solution they hoped. Our general idea of how life is for a Saudi is lacking, sources suggest a 25% poverty rate^ in the country. They execute protesters and journalists covering the poverty issue, and have been trying to shift attention away with war in Yemen. https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jan/01/saudi-arabia-r... Though there was some blue dye before Homer, it was very rare. The Mycenaeans had some, but Homer was ~400 years after the Bronze Age collapse where the techniques to make most things were lost. >But not electricity. For that a power plant has also turbines, generators, etc., ... Yes,but if you don't do that, you're just wasting energy. The US realized that, which is why they added electricity generation to the N Reactor. Both were still designed to create plutonium, and would not be built without the aim of nuclear weapons. It's like saying we grow the same corn for the edible part and for biomass. While technically true, the edible part is driving the production. >Yes but the Greek Statues were painted. Pretty fascinating stuff Homer is from the very beginning of what is commonly considered "Ancient Greece." Writing was being reintroduced into Greek society and he wrote down the oral tales that had been kicking around. This is what the sculptures around then looked like https://web.archive.org/web/20050227170147/http://www.siu.ed... Statues like the ones in article were 4-5 centuries away, after solid trade lines with Asia were reestablished providing indigo dye. >Redhat hasn't been on the best of terms with Oracle, so I suspect that they want to stay clear of ZFS The only connection Oracle has to ZFS on Linux is ownership of some patents that the license allows you to use, their reluctance is based on distribution issues between the GPL and CDDL. >But presumably, as copyright holders, Oracle is the entity that could try to enforce CDDL in court, in particular breaking the CDDL by mixing in GPL code in the same (ie: OS) distribution? Any Linux contributor could also try to enforce it, which is why the license incompatibility is the issue stopping them. Oracle holds no special power. There are thousands of Linux contributors, I don't care enough to check but I have to imagine Oracle has employed at least one. Any one of them could sue, and several have mentioned they're considering the option. The license issue is what's keeping Red Hat from using ZFS, not some rivalry with Oracle. >Many ran the idea that the scripture account was proven wrong when in fact if they did a 2 minute search of the word Canaanites and see they were never wiped out or destroyed. God ordered all Canaanites exterminated in Deuteronomy and Joshua tells the story of that extermination. Their reappearance in the following book proves scripture wrong without any help from scientists. >But the use of Homer and his writings makes it difficult to see how human catalog of color missed out blue. The human catalog didn't, the Greeks of Homer's time probably did. If you put the Iliad as being written in the 8th century, indigo dye wasn't being produced in India yet, and Egyptian Blue would have been incredibly scarce given the state of Egypt at the time. >WHERE does it say they we exterminated? As someone that has read a ton I have no idea where this idea started from. Probably some modern non-academic "bible expert." Deuteronomy commands the Israelites to 7:2-3 >and when the LORD thy God shall deliver them up before thee, and thou shalt smite them; then thou shalt utterly destroy them; thou shalt make no covenant with them, nor show mercy unto them; neither shalt thou make marriages with them: thy daughter thou shalt not give unto his son, nor his daughter shalt thou take unto thy son And 20:16-17 >Howbeit of the cities of these peoples, that the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance, thou shalt save alive nothing that breatheth but thou shalt utterly destroy them: the Hittite, and the Amorite, the Canaanite, and the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite; as the LORD thy God hath commanded thee; The following book is Joshua which focuses on how Joshua's conquest were a result of his following the commandments so well. Any discrepancy found is because all of this is like the Iliad, fiction loosely based on real events. Yes, I have read this. It's part of what ended the belief in Christianity I had. Yes, I realize this is how war was carried out basically forever. That is why I reject any set of morales or principles that ever view them as tolerable. No, exterminated. The book describes the killing of many complete cities, like Jericho in 6:21 > And they utterly destroyed all that was in the city, both man and woman, young and old, and ox, and sheep, and ass, with the edge of the sword. Ai in 8:24 >And it came to pass, when Israel had made an end of slaying all the inhabitants of Ai in the field, in the wilderness wherein they chased them, and when they were all fallen on the edge of the sword, until they were consumed, that all the Israelites returned unto Ai, and smote it with the edge of the sword And the Gezer you keep clinging to in 10:33 >Then Horam king of Gezer came up to help Lachish; and Joshua smote him and his people, until he had left him none remaining. I have no idea why it later says they didn't slay them. There is still enough description of putting everyone to the sword to call it extermination. I personally think the entire book of Joshua is not a factual account of history, very little information outside of the Bible supports it's claim. Treating it like a historical document that can be disproved is nonsense. The scientific article this started on wanted to discover what happened to the Canaanites, and only mentioned the Bible to say it was one of the few records of the period and that they were exterminated in it. On the other matter, the Bible states that extermination is the goal, and describes the campaign to do so in detail. That it later says there may have been pockets they missed doesn't mean Bible scholars are making the entire thing up. Science never settles anything, it's why it's such a successful idea. "Current evidence says the world is about 13.8 billion years old" is the way I would word that. With your method, a later revision says science was wrong, when it just didn't have enough evidence. Using your pragmatic language provides almost no benefit, and it opens the door to people doubting science as it has been wrong before. Reading a variety of garbage that doesn't share their sources or even provide a ledger for what their data means isn't going to give you good conclusions. Including any of those outlets is a mistake. If you don't trust Nielsen ratings, why are you reading things that only show you a sliver of that data and use it to make attacks? Reading multiple sources doesn't matter if they're all trash, you'll read multiple biased accounts and then agree with the one conforming to your own bias. I don't read "rubber stamped information," I read things that can source their data and check the sources to make sure they aren't lying to me. Your link's only source is another article that links to themselves multiple times before providing any source, a bad sign, then the source is provided without context. It basically says "lower on this list is worse therefore CNN sucks." Trusting such content and repeating their claims is attacking what they want you to. As someone who is a firm supporter in free software as the best option in every area, this feels like a subversive attack. Voting software is bound to fail, no bug bounty is big enough to offset the billions that could be made off of hacking an election. It is bound to fail spectacularly, and then for the rest of time people can point at the election and say "the ability to see the source code let this happen." He solved the problem with git, he's upset that the company trying to make money off it broke it again. Most of the times Linus is an asshole are completely justified. Being rude to groups like Nvidia isn't hindering progress. Seems like those people are just assholes trying to justify their behavior, anyone actually trying to emulate Linus would see thousands of helpful messages for every outburst. No one installs Windows, and frankly it isn't a ton easier than installing free operating systems. It's only easier because you rarely run into driver issues, the computer was probably built to run Windows, and you're rarely trying to install it as a second operating system. Sort of. There are very few scenarios where I can imagine one nuclear bomb being dropped on a US target, accident by our own military seems most likely followed by terrorism then a suicidal nuclear power, and in all three of those scenarios I doubt the bomb would hit where any planning suggests it would. UEFI? It's nice that Windows automatically finds an ESP and tosses it's bootloader on there but I wish there was some user input on the issue. It does the same thing even if you give it a separate disk. The Russian totals have all the advantages of twentieth century technology and virtually full records, and the estimates of their losses still vary by over ten million people. The Romans counted armies by rough estimates, generally didn't count dead civilians, and the scant remaining records tend to be propaganda pieces. Notice the complete lack of casualties during Caesar and Augustus' civil wars, and the listed sources for the Gaelic war deaths. The two are incomparable, no amount of twisting gives anything more than a guess. Persians, only the Romans can compete. They only stopped being a problem when the Muslims replaced them. >The population of China dropped drastically in only 50 years of Mongol rule, down to 50% by some accounts. The population of Europe also dropped by about 50% in roughly the same time frame, with cities hit particularly hard. The Mongol conquest coincided with the start of the Black Death, and their trade networks allowed it to spread. As for the rest of your post, empire building is by nature evil. The Mongols were just better at building than most other empires. They were fairly inclusive and accepting for an empire, the various splinter kingdoms largely took on the culture and religion of the area they controlled.This was roughly the time of the Crusades, and the thought of them with Mongol military tactics is a terrifying. This "stance" mentions nothing about any administration, they've held it since PRISM was revealed, and the program started under the Bush administration. The "what about all the good Hitler did?" argument. Doing those things did not require the slaughtering and enslavement, there's no balancing act that makes those acceptable. >Yeah, but you have the luxury of judging the actions of people who lived hundreds or thousands of years ago from the comfort of your living-room recliner. Yes. They have the luxury of my judgements having absolutely no impact on them. As their good acts do not compensate for the atrocities, we should be ashamed of what they've done, and try not to do the same in the future. Remembering the good without keeping that in mind leads to the same tragedies playing out again. >There is no way for a single, complete change set to be landed in Linux. What? Manage a git clone, develop until done, submit patches. Btrfs could have done this, but what is the benefit over saying the feature isn't ready? Nobodies forcing you to use or even install it. >the kids in MS taking the SAT in addition to the ACT are the ones aiming for elite schools Which is an extreme selection bias. The ACT should have been mentioned to provide more context, but the actual argument works without it. I reccomend Malcolm Gladwell's podcast on the subject. He makes a strong argument that the failure to integrate teachers to any degree caused a large part of the failure. Some of his sources are on the page, but I haven't reviewed them well personally. http://revisionisthistory.com/episodes/13-miss-buchanans-per... It's still the same bias he argues, the three percent are the most motivated and prepared. Why the other 97% skip it isn't relevant in this argument, but the number is independently shocking without the context. I fell for it until the ND mention, and I took the ACT. >If the intersection is poorly designed/timed, why would it be implausible to happen to catch human drivers make the same mistake? Unless they had already pulled the self driving cars, which the timeline presented suggests they haven't, why would that data be important enough to text back without the corresponding number of Uber violations? >The number of Uber's violations could have been communicated previously, or could have been implicit in the context of the conversation (at least 1 violation, causing the investigation) - either of these 3 explanations seems equally likely. The implicit one doesn't make sence, if an event caused the investigation surely how well Uber did would be the primary focus. Which leaves he knew already, meaning they already had a meeting or something to discuss the results and they were significant enough that he wanted a comparison. >Uber's management and engineers may be irresponsible, but I don't think they're that evil, and I would hope no self-respecting engineer or human being would go along with that. "Oh, that's funny, let's try that again" works for software development, it's emphatically not how real world testing involving danger to life and limb works. This was their illegal self driving car test on the streets of San Fransisco. They were unwilling to follow the legal safety rules, and unwilling to provide the deposit in the event they did cause someone serious harm. That they left on the road while they tested if the light was to blame. Presumably some kind of psychologist, either as part of an admittance form or to make sharing easier for her. I've emailed a starting questionnaire to a dentist before. The paragraph after your quote >Decrypting the firmware itself does not equate to decrypting user data," xerub said. There's a lot of additional work that would need to go into exploiting decrypted firmware—in short it's probably not going to have a massive impact. The author seems to be playing it up a bit, gotta get those clicks. So where was the peril for the first century, with slavery and blacks not guaranteed the rights stated in the document? Or the fifty years after where women couldn't vote? The imprisonment and killing of leftists during the red scares and other labor movements? The imprisonment of a hundred thousand innocent civilians during WWII? The experiment has survived two hundred years of bigotry, if it can't handle private companies choosing not to help racists it isn't worth continuing. Or the realization that capitalist Venezuela had a worse version of this same crisis. Why are the socialist policies to blame this time? Poverty rate, wealth inequality, corruption, violent unrest. Admittedly, 2015 is the last year data seems available for, and pre-Chavez years get very little coverage online. Either way, you can't just point at the problems and say socialism is to blame. I'm sorry for your loss. Maybe worse is overstepping, things under the capitalist government were often fairly rotten as well. Blaming it all on socialism needs more proof than I've seen provided It would be an authoritarian plutocracy. Power is held in the hands of a small group of super rich. Fascism isn't a form of government either, it was the name of Mussolini's party which has since been applied to any authoritarian or nationalist movement. Even if true, which I don't believe, your own reply points out the problem. Russia isn't socialist country, and pre-socialist Venezuela had a similar rate of corruption. Not all plutocracies are socialist. >Success, overwhelmingly, looks a lot like hard work. And if two people do the hard work with one becoming much more of a success? It's not either or, luck plays a huge factor. Acting is an easy example, how many thousands of people work hard to become an actor? What evidence is there that the successes worked harder? >That's an opportunity that happened to open up for him through a series of events outside of his control. But he wouldn't have been offered that part if he wasn't of a certain caliber in the first place. How many actors were of that quality and didn't get a series of events leading to that opportunity? Opportunities arising are luck, no one is saying hard work isn't necessary to take advantage of the opportunities. >I can smell the privilege and white guilt ideology that underpins articles like this. I've seen it before in much lengthier pieces. This one is no different. This one is different as it does not take the further step of showing how rich white men tend to get far more opportunities than other groups. If you start from the question "what makes people successful," you will see luck playing a role before you look to see which people are luckier. Saying that a "white guilt ideology" drives this is looking at it backwards. They started btrfs several years before they acquired Sun and ZFS with it. Why they continued with it is unclear, presumably a combination of inertia and not wanting to relicense it for other Linux's to be able to ship with. No, they split when Oracle bought Sun. The only part of OpenZFS, which everything but Solaris uses, that involves Oracle is a number of patents that the CDDL grants permission to use. >ZFS is very much in a grey area, and in turn, a huge turn off for many. There is a grey area in distribution, there isn't one about using ZFS. Even the FSF, the group who believe the CDDL and GPL can't be distributed together, say "Privately, You Can Do As You Like." https://www.fsf.org/licensing/zfs-and-linux >The CDDL also has patent clauses and so it's conceivable that a user of OpenZFS which received it in a way that violates the OpenZFS license could be liable for patent infringement of an Oracle patent. And there have been many cases of companies suing users of software over patents. Again, with usage this isn't a problem, the license could only possibly be broken by distribution with the GPL. Even then, I believe it is the GPL that is broken, so the patent clause would remain. As for the rest of your argument, the OpenZFS team does a lot of work maintaining the filesystem. Why does that work need to come from you? >If I know that Canonical can't legally distribute ZFS in whatever format to me, and yet I use Canonical's distribution of ZFS, isn't there a legal risk there? If you somehow knew that any form of distribution was illegal that would be the case. I haven't heard anyone saying that's the case, distributing it bundled with GPL software is potentially breaks the GPL. There already is a US example. Virginia instituted a "one-drop" law in the 20's and scoured through old census records to label many mixed race people as black, subjecting then to Jim Crow laws. Private sources were fine, the memories of your grandparents could classify someone's entire family as black. While both describe some incredibly poor working conditions, neither suggest that illegal immigrants are large factor. The UC Davis piece says that it existed but the numbers were exaggerated, the Guardian piece says there might be 100,000 in a labor force of 23 million. >I'm less worried about NK missiles than I am about a boat with an NK nuke on board, detonated in a harbor How does North Korea benefit from an attack like that? The regime isn't suicidal, every move they make is to strengthen their own position. What is the benefit in that situation? They know any attack will make the US more hostile, whether they're involved or not. We can't know, but there's no reason to suspect they are. Why would China want a North Korea able to nuke Beijing? Why impose sanctions on North Korea if they're following your orders? And when has North Korea ever listened to anyone? >Is our only option to just surprise strike this guy into obvlivion and hope for the best, take casualties now? This is why North Korea is dead set on developing nuclear bombs. As long as the US remains a threat North Korea has no other choice, it's not like getting rid of their WMD's would prevent the US from attacking. >No, but China would, and even North Korea's conventional threat against South Korea would. Both these things exist now, and the war hawks are still pressing for war. >A non-nuclear PRNK has nothing to fear from the USA, because China loves its North Korean buffer against South Korea, and will not let anything happen to it. They do have everything to fear of China, and still could be a bargaining chip in some future deal between China and the US. They tried the whole "rely on a superpower" thing before, the USSR attempted to remove Kim Il-sung from power then the eventual collapse devastated the economy. The Juche philosophy exists for a reason. >If KJU wanted to be a responsible leader, it seems to me that he would drop his nuclear and icbm programs, come up with a narrative for why that was necessary (or simply lie to his people and launch short-range rockets all the time to maintain a facade of continued progress), accept international aid and modernization, Like they tried in the nineties and 00's, only to have the US reneg on the deals? [1] Or like they have constantly said they would be willing to do over the past several months? [2] That bridge is ablaze if not already burnt. >KJU doesn't appear to want to be a responsible or rational leader, nor does he want to help his people His main priority is maintaining power, this is hardly unique. Betterment of his citizens is a secondary goal, the Songun ideology isn't really a secret. >It seems like he wants the nuclear threat to get sanctions lifted so he can be even more of a jackass to his subjects and prop up his own regime with more comfort and power. He wants to remove the external threats so he only has to worry about the internal ones. Things wouldn't improve for his citizens immediately, but continuing the sanctions or war won't improve their situation either. [1) http://www.38north.org/2017/08/lsigal082217/ [2] https://theintercept.com/2017/08/25/north-korea-keeps-saying... >And yet, despite the extraordinarily low stakes of publishing, Wikileaks is still milking a drip-drip from the original cache they obtained of CIA warez. It's cynical, and speaks to a general contempt they have of their audience. They're trying to do their due diligence and make sure evety thing they release is fixed already. Given the likely size of things to go through and many companies refusing to interact with Wikileaks, preparation for a release is likely a long process. It's heavy on the references to American politics, so not really? Much of the difference is in electoral systems, and the same around ten percent that led to Trump could be necessary for a coalition and run much more of the show than they should. They left much of the areas they slaughtered the natives for, the midwest is still incredibly empty. Five states with eleven people per square mile or less, including Alaska. Plenty of space. If that's your qualification for a "failed experiment," the Atlantic slave trade proved Capitalism a failure before these people were born. >Capitalism is freedom. *freedom for the property owner. Which is why it can facilitate a slave trade, property is a limitation of freedom. The article mentions that it is just a correlation, and that further research would be necessary to discover a link. This soapbox has a purpose, but you're stepping on it to yell at responsible science journalism. Should no stories be published until further research has been done? What should they present to get money to do more research? >The article spends the first half implying causation, briefly admits this study does not address that, and then resumes suggesting that causation exists. It starts talking about "common anecdotes," then talk about the self reporting survey this is based on. I can't see that as implying causation, and I don't know what more can be expected of science journalism. The field has to make it into a story, that's what differentiates it from scientific journals. The abstract also states how inconclusive this result is, that the full paper addresses the limitations and that this data should be used with other evidence. The problems I see are the general need to find some link to get published, and they are at least straightforward about the strength of their data. This assumes she became a billionaire completely legally, and only then made one illegal move. The logic assumes you won't get caught, or the fine will be minimal. Much like speeding to the average person. I'm not seeing a reference to the UK, which is probably political tact. It would be tragically funny if this was all leading to "De Gaulle was right, accepting the United Kingdom was a mistake," but I should stop even thinking of the tragically funny things at this point. Remember, the operators complying with those laws are still operating illegally. Why would you comply with a law that makes punishment more likely and damaging? The ones registering are likely a combination of those looking to head a court case and entrepreneurs setting up future publicity. >Now we have a legal framework for growing, for actually doing it in a legal way. No, they don't. Following that framework is admitting you are breaking a federal law. It bars you from being successful in businesses, make a lot of money and the feds have more reason to target you. If discrimination exists in firms hiring policies, it also likely exists with clients hiring policies. The positive impact was happening without Uber. There had been a variety of ride sharing programs for several year before Uber started, and the rise of smart phones would soon allow for easy charging people for the service. Uber than devoured the market by using rich guy connections to raise money, and ignoring regulations. And that's what people hate. Replacing one teacher in the bottom 5% with an average one got the student $250k more over their lifetime. So the average teacher is generating around $135,000 more than the poor teacher. And equating teachers to engineers makes no sense, I've met dozens of people in some engineering school to make money. Yes, this is talking about the "average class." Individual circumstances vary in both directions, that doesn't make it questionable. Though, the difference between going to jail or not pretty quickly adds up to the 250k number. Yes, this is way more complex than my two minute writeup of a small chunk of a 94 page paper. The proof they provide is "Fireeye said it." Must be legit, it's not like they're a company run by an Air Force vet with ties to the FBI, and there's no chance they'd make a ton of money off a cyber war with North Korea. Considering it's part of the wall budget bill, yes. You're bringing up a straw man version of that "classical argument," arguing that religion is the source of all bad behavior is nonsense. The Dawkins/Harris versions are more that being raised with one clear form of indoctrination opens you up to others, and that morality doesn't need or even suffers from religion. It's not a restatement. General morality may be worse with religion than without, but terrible acts by atheists don't disprove that as there still wouldn't be "perfect morality." Much of this argument draws from the nearly two thousand year Western belief that atheists are incapable of having morals and may not be tolerated. The general argument isn't trying to flip this around and say religion is incapable of morals, but that morals exist separately from religion and are not necessarily strengthened by religion. No, it means the author didn't find it in their research time. Which seems crazy, one of them is "iptunnel -v" and version is the first flag covered in the ip man page Go install ifconfig somehow and try again, Debian ships with a wrapper I believe. A few of those exist, almost everything has caught up to systemd now though. That's a common problem with wiki's, the Ubuntu one is abysmal. Installing Manjaro as a second OS and think bricking is a large possibility, I'd bet you have a UEFI install of Windows and used a crappy USB writer that doesn't allow for UEFI. Why does a law require a lack of consent? Consent makes it enforceable, if you don't consent than you shouldn't be in a situation where the law can be broken. They didn't consent to the laws, removal from society is already necessary for them. Forcing their consent doesn't make them any more likely to follow those laws. By being removed from society somehow. Democracy still works, you can consent to accept certain laws the majority impose. And I don't see how a ruler changes that last point, if you don't consent to the laws those ten don't have to put up with your crap. If that were the cause it wouldn't be unique to games. There's little difference between piracy and the demo/shareware model that is common in gaming, the pirated version often lacks updates and online play leading a fan to buy the game. So Wikileaks posts their opinions along with the raw data, and you can imagine a scenario in which their biased, therefore Wikileaks is less trustworthy than CNN and Fox News. Imagine what kind of stories the networks could have, with their policies of inviting former government officials on to voice their opinions. Why? I can only see it mattering with repeat viewings spaced out over a long period, and if you limit downloads multiple purchases would be likely. From your examples, you only view this as an issue when it's foreign cultural practices. Honor killings are an extreme form of domestic violence, do you feel the same frustration and guilt over all the ~800,000 incidents in the US every year? >Some of the wealthiest countries are deprived of natural resources (Israel, Singapore, Monaco, and others) Not exactly great examples. All three contain excellent natural resources, ports on major trading routes, that drive or drove their economy. >By your definition alm every country has tons of natural resources, and yet results are so disparate. Not really, being the easternmost port on the Mediterranean and southernmost point of Asia are fairly special things. Add in the almost city-state nature of those examples, and they do noting to prove your point. I still haven't seen anything showing the Switch is using a FreeBSD kernel, just that the Switch ships with the licence from the kernel. That's all that any of the English Wikipedia references show, and a copy of that license doesn't prove much. From what I can tell, that idea came from some HN users' guess when the licence matter was posted here. Thanks, I've brought this up elsewhere and never gotten a reply more substantial than mentioning the licence. Do you have any reason to think that is all they used? It's complete spread of America is why I miss it. I grew up in a town of 2,000 people and we had a RadioShack as part of the local Ben Franklin's, a chain department/art's and craft's store. Now in a town of about 30,000, I can't buy something like a SATA cable locally since it closed. The concept that "property" is a human right makes no sense. Why should something belong only to me, and what should I need to give to society to attain it? The logical answer is "the fruit of my work," but in any practical example that is not what happens. And it is the acceptance of "property" that leads to cronyism. >How did Soviets (councils) work or supposed to work? A soviet is supposed to be an elected legislative assembly, like a senate or parliament. The true soviets died with the Bolshevik coup, when Lenin declared them unnecessary now that his party was in charge. A military coup was what set up a dictatorship, and that is hardly unique to communism. The question sounds enough like "how do I stop this app from eating data cap" that running them through standard malware fixes makes sense. Tech support deals with a lot of people that are terrible at wording their questions, so you tend to look for key phrases and suggest easy fixes first. I bought a OnePlus phone because I knew it had an unlocked bootloader, good LineageOS support, and at least a small chance of someday being supported by Replicant. OxygenOS sounded sketchy from the start. The Pyrenees mountains have been a natural border splitting the two regions basically forever. Also, Occitania is doing slightly better than most of Spain, likely due to the proximity and earlier acquisition. As for the rest of France, Caesar conquered Gaul sixty years earlier, slaughtering up to a million Gallic people. That's the kind of thing that can set your economy way back. In 14 AD, while Rome was still recovering from nearly a century of civil war. Huge chunks of that land had been bloodily acquired in the past sixty years, and an unrecorded numbers of Romans died during the fall of the Republic. The source is a training book on how to sue psychiatrists, I can't find the study anywhere. Even if it does exist, it's saying that a lot of therapists have seen a client who had sex with a therapist. If someone wanted to have sex with a therapist, they would visit a lot of therapists. This explores the topic in a more meaningful way, and links sources. https://kspope.com/sexiss/research5.php#a8studies US and the UK are assisting in the blockade of Yemen. The US, UK, Germany, France, China, Canada, and Al Quaeda are also providing arms sales and/or logistical support to the Saudi Arabia led coalition. Wikipedia source, but I'll gladly edit if you can disprove any of their sources. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saudi_Arabian-led_intervention... Western powers have a lot of responsibility for those internal problems. Next month will mark fifty years since the end of the British occupation of Aden. That led to Yemen becoming a Cold War battleground. Then the Gulf war, where their opposite to the US running Arabian politics led to a drastic cut in aid and the deportation of 800,000 Yemenis. The opposition seems justified when you consider the 10% drop in GDP and l food shortages the unrest caused. Tack on another civil war where the US and Saudis sent military forces to Yemen, and the War on Terror killing more Yemeni civilians. Hezbollah's slogan mentions "Death to the US" for a reason, the Western involvement in the area has not gone well for them. >adding my support to third party candidates would just have provided them to another statistic to blame. So? They're still blaming you for not going out to vote for Clinton. Provide the evidence that you say is missing, show that the electoral system is broken by voting anyone else or intentionally not marking a candidate. People will see through the "spoiler" narrative if it happens every election. There are only two options for change, get enough people to try and game the broken system to fix it or hope for a revolution. The open bots have an incentive to make one bot for each usecase, one person trying to make spam bots has an incentive to create as many bots as possible. I have no numbers on the subject, but I would be shocked if it were anywhere close to fifty percent. >So of those 400k political bots, 1600 were identified as talking about fringe topics. Read it again. Of those 400k bots, 1600 were identified talking about the US elections, anti-Macron sentiment, and extremist far-right topics. All three topics. That could be one person/group reusing bots. Additionally, hundreds of millions of real users talking politics is unlikely. Twitter has 300 milliom active users per month, 9-15% of them bots, the US election had 120 million voters. Hundreds of millions would be nearly everyone. >tiny percent were fringe/far-right. Nothing posted is proof of that. The 1600 number is interesting as it means one entity was trying to influence elections in three countries. It is not the number that were far-right, that number was not in this article. As context is supposed to be a needed thing, you could have just found the research paper rather than perform guestimates math. Fifteen percent of users tweeting about the election were bots, twenty percent of tweets, and about three Trump bots for every Hilary bot. http://firstmonday.org/ojs/index.php/fm/article/view/7090/56... >They have in the last bit here (don't quote me on an exact time frame) stopped caring about Linux/osx support and frequently offered things that are only playable through steam. The Humble Indie Bundles still focus on things supporting Linux, every game in the one earlier this year was available there. At some point they decided that was only a focus for the "Indie" bundles though. Every game in the latest Indie bundle had Linux support. http://www.omgubuntu.co.uk/2017/05/humble-indie-bundle-18 The frequency is very important. Where is any evidence that the Chinese have a higher rate? Number of faked papers isn't a frequency. Roughly 25% of their GDP is spent on military spending. Military first is the official policy, likely due to the whole invasion problems they had in the 20th century. Why should he? There's nothing suggesting his pupils are involved, and a teacher isn't at fault for their students transgressions. China already prevents a western power from some kind of coup, that's why it hasn't happened already. A nuke is necessary to prevent more Chinese supported coups. And anyone you choose to teach could use that lesson maliciously. >Do you believe that China published more papers than everyone else put together in the same period? I don't hold a belief, I haven't seen data that you seemed to be using to make conclusions. Or you're making somewhat large assumptions based on a few pieces of information. A little is different than a lot, both could have a little or a lot though. > I've no reason to believe that this meeting was an outlier Here's one, it was presumably run across the Pacific ocean from China. Strangely, I see a difference between teaching a voluntary paramilitary organization a method of warfare and teaching college students some computer science that they potentially could build on to cause harm. If I remove the hyperbole, I do not blame the physics and chemistry teachers of the 30's for the horrors of WWII. Linux has ZFS, and DragonflyBSD never had ZFS. Linux users want ZFS in kernel, and everyone wants cool new filesystems that are already stable. "The Dark Ages" is one facet of the extreme Western Europe focus on history taught in much of America and presumably Europe. I had lessons on Greece and Rome, then on the Norman invasion. Everything I was taught has this extreme slant, but combined with learning almost nothing about anywhere during the Dark Ages you're left thinking nothing happened. So yes, if you're goal is an exclusively Christian Western Europe focused view of history, the term is fine. If that isn't your stated goal, why use it over Early Middle Age? You're arguing from a position of someone with some history knowledge, which is not the problem. Knowing that Ivan the Terrible was a Russian Tsar is uncommon, and if he comes up you probably will be exclusively focused on Russian history. People don't know a ton about the Dark Ages either, but "Rome collapsed leading to the Dark Ages," and "The Discovery of America/the Renisance/The Scientific Revolution led us out of the Dark Ages" are often things you will have heard. And given the context you can hear them, it's not clearly referring to Western Christian Europe. >Mind you, those stats are "white men", much less "white men that happen to be policemen" These stats are on murders as tracked by law enforcement agencies, most of the killing of black people by police officers wouldn't be included. So in a discussion about research fraud, you're chastising me for wanting data you call important, putting complete trust in the data of a blog that you haven't seen, and posted random data you claim to have helped collect without giving me any reason to believe it's accurate. Looking for retraction watch's numbers gave me a study that shows the US having the most retractions.[1] So again, if rates are what is important, you need data showing the rates. http://www.pnas.org/content/109/42/17028.full I started this off by saying it was one piece of a much wider problem. Calling it the Dark Ages can make your ignorance seem correct in a way that other names don't. Calling them the Early Middle Ages gets rid of the false narrative of later events ending the Dark Ages, and it doesn't accidentally imply nothing happened anywhere. It's not going to end ignorance, just remove confusion. What reason is there to keep calling it the Dark Ages? As for the isolated demand for rigor, I would not expect most people to know anything about the examples given. If I were talking about them, I would immediately add a qualifier explaining what they are. The Dark Ages are a more common term, being widely used outside of history. Yes, changing the name will not solve the larger problem I mentioned. Better education would be necessary, but even as someone with a strong interest in history I doubt the overall value of more forced history in schools. Changing the name at least clears up confusion that can stem from ignorance of the subject. An apt mathematical comparison is infinity. Most people have heard of it, but their idea of what it is and why it's important is lacking. Some people still think about it and talk about it though. Being wrong about infinity doesn't run into the same problems as the Dark Ages though, just stoner philosophy and crackpot theories of perpetual motion. Facebook did, last year, before also reversing that decision. Figuring out the context can take s bit of time. Looking at the provided data, it sounds like they gave most officers cameras. In my experience, police rarely travel alone, yet I couldn't find anything showing they tracked whether another officer on the scene had a camera. This seems like an issue with the study as the control group is also under the watch of a camera. This was before there was a concept of Rome's invincibility, their peace with Parthia was not built on Roman success. This was just a lost battle, most noteworthy for setting up Germanicus' retrieval of the lost standards. Not comparable to the hell that was the crisis of the third century. The West was still full of savage practices when suttee was outlawed, and the millions killed by colonialism outweigh the lives saved by this "education." If you're talking that kind of time frame, education did not require colonialism. Speaking of echo chambers, your first source is an article about your second source. None of them support your conclusion that the ads were "universally pro-Clinton." The history of Democrats doing this is so rich there's a Constitutional Ammendment addressing it. The current climate only benefits Republicans purging voters, but both sides manipulate voting to benefit themselves. 24th, passed in 1960. Democrats were liberal in many areas at that time, but accepting blacks was a late move by them. Residential schools basically still exist in America. They're more about making money now but still have very similar problems with developing an identity and abuse. Nobody knows. What is known is that every past tremendous increase in the working ability of mankind has not resulted in catastrophe despite people predicting that it would. Do you feel the growing inequality was necessary for the growth to occur? If that growth slows down or stops, will you continue to be better than your counterpart thirty years ago? The federal income tax is a small part of the annual taxes paid in the US, you aren't showing enough information to provide more than a guess about how fairly the tax system is working. Federal tax is still a small chunk of the taxes paid in America, it's still guesswork and the "tax breaks" are even more prevalent there. This isn't a problematic statement in economics, its a problematic statement in capitalism where the equation is "value=labor+profit." Subjective value isn't a problem as finding someone who values it a certain amount takes more labor. It doesn't ignore scarcity, scarce goods are inherently more labor intensive. And it doesn't presume intrinsic value, the labor necessary is a subjective concept so the value must be as well. You're probably right about it's use in understanding a capitalist market, Marx spends no shortage of time on how capitalists warp that basic idea. I looked over some of them, and this isn't very reliable. Eyewitness reports aren't terribly credible in the best of situations. Eyewitness reports of people in stressful careers often working long overnight hours aren't credible at all. Our memories are terrible, our brains make stuff up when confused, and sleep deprived dreams are very hard to distinguish from reality. Add in the large amount of amphetamines used in the military during that period, the very secretive weapons testing going on, and things like MK-ULTRA and these seem really far fetched. Their jobs rarely include remembering exactly what happened at three AM on a certain night. Plus, these claims are often one event over years of working this job, you can't expect perfection out of people. Strenuous situations just make eyewitness accounts more likely to be terrible, our brain can screw up for no reason at all. Or a mundane reason, like skipping breakfast. This makes claims of contact with aliens giving us advanced technology. I can imagine all sorts of possibly buried evidence that would make me believe that. Until some of it comes out, the eyewitness accounts are not reliable evidence. Then why are bad wines made? Making better wine requires more training, more time, better tools, and/or better grapes. All four require more labor. If your example isn't scarcity I don't know what to tell you, if better wine is "scarce" those labors are what is needed to make better wine. Explain how it is possible, and how the situation does not immediately solve itself with you stopping doing something you hate and are bad at. As many have pointed out, "value" is subjective. Your terrible wine may be loved by someone. Or you may really enjoy making wine. As wine has zero intrinsic value, it is a luxury good, it's very possible for both wines to be just as valuable. It has plenty of meaning, it just doesn't explain "profit." I also found the wine example peculiar, as good wine and scarce wine aren't often the same, but I kept with it as it was brought up. Mistakenly I thought you had brought it up, sorry. "Aggregate market demands" are capitalism, where wine is a status symbol and "good" wine generally refers to price. You are continuing to view this only in the eyes of capitalism and considering "value" to include "profit." Like I said, someone else brought up the wine example and I just continued it despite finding it clumsy. Price is value plus profit, thats the only reason to distinguish between the two. Yes, for example the Chunnel was likely opened in your lifetime. They are still all humans, and everything I listed is present in virtually all humans. Having an exceptional mind does not prevent this. UFOs on radar have a wide range of non-alien explanations, military testing or some bizarre weather event that happens incredibly infrequently for example. I will readily admit there are probably radar readings that no one can explain. That doesn't even count as proof of alien contact, and using that to support the claims made by the disclosure project is madness. First, and this isn't really relevant, price and scarcity play a much bigger role in what is considered "good wine" than you're saying. Back on topic, "expensive" and "price" again add the concept of profit to the value produced. The only value of wine is enjoyment, so even Petrus wine has little more value than similar wines. That increase in value is largely labor from learning the trade and long running slow maintenance. The only part that is scarce is the soil composition, something that could be recreated with a large amount of labor. Similarly, discovering that that area produced quality wine was labor intensive as well. I am not doing a strong job explaining this subject, but you are dismissing it out of hand without an understanding of it. I recommend taking codemac's advice and reading some of Marx's work. Even if you disagree with him it provides a greater understanding of how the economy works. It's strange that it doesn't mention alcohol's ability to lower inhibitions. Getting over people's natural reluctance to kill has been a serious issue for gun based combat, and alcohol is a cheap way to help with that. It's downturn is likely the lack of the draft and the military using people that already have lower inhibitions on the front lines. You can turn off ads and instant answers in settings, or just type "!gh" and skip the middle step. A replication study still needs to publish a paper, that is a separate issue. If malware with ties to Russia was suddenly used in an attack, we would just blame the FSB. Something like an anonymous poster claiming to be responsible would be seen as obvious disinformation. And it isn't like these leaks are a frequent event here, the equation group is really the only one.