I think most people don't even know that much, this isn't something that is deeply covered in most intro to bio courses in college; you have to learn a bit about how DNA is packaged and transcribed which you'd get in upper division courses. At least in the field, there is no confusion. Non-DNA inheritance is inheritance of these epigenetic regulatory states in which you've described, but the term used specifically for this is transgenerational inheritance. I think the existing understanding of evolution is still fine. Darwin wrote, 1.More individuals are produced each generation that can survive. 2. Phenotypic variation exists among individuals and the variation is heritable. 3. Those individuals with heritable traits better suited to the environment will survive. 4. When reproductive isolation occurs new species will form. When Darwin proposed this, he didn't have any idea of molecular genetics, let alone epigenetics. Mendel too wrote about alleles but he didn't know about base pairs of DNA. Evolution really only concerns phenotypic variation, not the underlying basis for it, so it doesn't matter if the variation is due to a genetic or epigenetic change. They do: http://www.newslookup.com/rss/business/bloomberg.rss The probably had to make a lot more compromises having to wait around for inefficient transport, be it bus or borrowing someone's car. The exact same can be said for bicycles. They go the same speed, they have to be used in the street and not the sidewalk, and bicyclists can be just as careless and oblivious on the road. Yet there is no age restriction for riding a bike on a roadway; you can bike down a 45mph road perfectly legally the day you get your training wheels removed. The problem is not the scooters and who rides them, it's the danger posed by cars. Cars have to be physically separated from other forms of transport. Buses should get their own lane to beat car traffic, bikes and other lower speed vehicles like scooters or even runners should stay in the bike lane. This is a transportation issue, not a scooter issue, and you can't fix it with an age restriction. The ones used by bird and lime are around $500. How do accident rates compare for an 18 year old with 2 years of driving experience vs a 50 year old with 2 years of driving experience? Apple would rather you buy a mac at home, a mac in the office, and an ipad for the commute--all tied together and locked in the apple garden with an icloud subscription--than let you get away with all this use out of just one device. These rules are the laws of thermodynamics. The RNA world hypothesis proposes that self-replicating RNA molecules proliferated before DNA, which would be that simpler system as it doesn't require complex protein machinery. It's not corruption, but a lack of professionalism. I'll assume police in the Netherlands see their job as just an occupation rather than an identity. Some people in the U.S. imagine police officers as this 'lawman' figure like a young Clint Eastwood in a poncho rather than just a citizen with a shift job to work like a garbage man. This notion ends up normalizing the artificial 'us vs them' thinking that leads to so many of these escalated situations and tragedies. It doesn't help that movements like blue lives matter seem to be actively engaged in supporting this thinking. Can you only look at your widgets from the springboard? Still, that is terrible and depressing. Factor in maybe 2 hours for all of your meals (If you make them yourself) and you are looking at 17% of your day that's truly yours——less if you have errands. Even in the U.S. if your tips + tipped worker minimum wage fail to reach untipped worker minimum wage, your employer pays the difference (1). 1. https://webapps.dol.gov/elaws/faq/esa/flsa/002.htm I find that no one really bothers with the math anymore. If the bill is $11 most people will just put $1.50 or $2.00 rather than work out a fixed percent. I agree. Tips should be unknown to the employer. This can readily be done even with card transactions; staff usually swipe a card or enter a PIN anyway to use the POS system. One of my biggest hesitations with tipping in places where it is unexpected, like a muffin shop in the OP, is whether the tip goes straight to the employee whose performance I tipped for, split among all staff indiscriminately, or more sinister straight to the employer. >The restaurant doesn't still make money—the under-tipped employees quit to seek better employment, and at the going wage the employer is offering, there is no further demand for that job to replace the employees who have quit. Is this not true with every company in every industry? Pay is a major reason why people leave a job for another. If an employer is struggling to find labor at a low ball price, they will raise their offer. Employers pay the difference between tipped and untipped employee wages if the tips + wage don't beat minimum wage. However in regards to Dunkin Donuts, I'm not sure the employees can even accept or keep any tips themselves. Maybe a Dunkin Donuts regular can comment whether they can accept tips; many franchise restaurants have a no tipping policy. Do you use Square every day? The last time I went somewhere with specifically a Square reader was probably two weeks ago. Even if I went back tomorrow, am I going to remember my last experience enough to judge a tip? Even if I go to the same coffee shop and use the same Square every morning, unless I'm holding a grudge it's de facto back to front end tipping rather than upon services rendered. I think the IRS would spot this from a mile a way. You can't run a ribbon wire to the other side? Every aluminum Macbook makes your palms sweaty, the aluminum body is designed to shed heat. Even a charging iPhone can get very hot just browsing HN. I don't think Apple has ever produced a machine that runs cool to the touch. Don't think about the wiring in your neighborhood then You don't have to stab someone in the heart to kill them. You can definitely nick the femoral artery or damage the windpipe/jugular with a fork. Dead in minutes. Huh? Are you 8 feet tall? I still don't think the iPad is enough even for most consumers. The competition for the iPad pro is the surface, which has more I/O that people would actually use (see that nice USB-A port and headphone jack?) but importantly comes with a full featured OS that everyone has been using for decades. I could see people moving to a surface type device over a laptop because it has a full featured OS, but iOS is just too limiting. Look at how ridiculous the 1 foot iPad looks with two fingers worth of space between every icon; its just too rigid of an OS to support all the different workflows people might have in their jobs. I think people have used iOS long enough to see that it's pretty limited as far as file management goes. The great multitasking of the iPad is still limited to split screening just two apps, a big step down in productivity from even classic MacOS of the 90s. The overlay link for reddit takes up 1/3 the screen, and the link to hide it is in 9pt font at the edge while clicking anywhere else opens the App store. There is a HN app that displays all the stories (safari popup for links) Anecdotally, plenty of my friends have 16gb phones still, and often are deleting and reinstalling apps like instagram/snapchat/anything you can dispense for a few days to free up storage to actually use the device. Want to record a 2 minute video? Better delete an app or else recording will abruptly cease. While I still had a 16gb phone, it got to the point where I wasn't reliably getting emails pushed to the device because it was always full, yet I had only a small handful of apps. This isn't 2010 where everyone wants the top 25 apps, and could actually install them since they weren't hitting 100mb each. Inflation of app sizes and continued premiums on useful storage amounts from Apple has been forcing people to cut the fat and keep only the most essential apps installed. Even if you had a large iCloud account for your photos or texts to reside off your device, you still need local storage for apps. >Anyone know why this hasn't been implemented yet? The same story for anything. The market pressure to precipitate this change isn't there yet. Basic economics. There's no reason why farmers should switch to more expensive feed even if its better for the environment or cows. At least near term they will end up selling the same meat for a higher price to compensate for the feed, will sell less meat due to the price, ultimately hurting profits, and the plan will be scorned until it's abandoned. It doesn't even matter that seaweed is cheap and resource-light to farm, nor does it matter that only a small amount of this compound needs to be put in the feed. Shareholders will not tolerate more overhead unless forced. This is the perfect place for government action to incentivize switching to this kind of feed, be it subsidy or tax break. Pollution is sadly profitable, and corporations need to be either fined for polluting or incentivized for reducing pollution; shareholders rarely see beyond quarterly profits, let alone the great economic consequences of pollution a century down the line. That's the thing, quantity of 'acceptable' quality of work is valued over how high that quality might be. The minimum time is taken to proof and bugfix, because failures are addressed after they've already come up in order to pump out more product in shorter time. It's velocity, and high enough velocity overcomes any setback that affects a companies pocketbook. Entry level and middle management is burned out but quickly turned over and refilled with fresh meat from each graduating class, those that suffer through and keep up their velocity move up, eventually reaching a point in their career where they don't have to worry about their own output but rather the output of those under them. Your immediate manager in your garage will surely understand the value of your work, but your CEO is only concerned with getting to the absolute minimum time a truck is sitting in your garage idle rather than moving product on the highway, and your manager is probably fighting him on keeping or raising minimum time every quarter. Hustling would be if your dad was buying more and more cars at a time, making more and more profit, eventually reaching a point where if he were to flip more cars he would need to hire people, and doing so. Hustling is exponential growth, not stopping at comfortable profits. It would probably just confuse HR directors and your application would get passed over. The problem is, this is affecting every industry. I have friends in accounting for instance, and if you aren't prompt with your emails over the weekend, if you aren't early at work and late to leave, etc, you will not be promoted. I have friends in law and its the same thing; If you aren't putting up 55+ hr weeks, you are going to get an awkward reference and won't get your next job. The problem is universal in early careers, and entirely absent in mid to late careers. We all know that for X amount of entry level hires there's only Y amount at the top of the food chain, but when people are being pushed out of the field for not being able to devote all their available waking hours to an entry level position rather than rewarding real skill and prowess, the situation is completely untenable. In 25 years, senior positions won't be filled by the most clever or bright workers, but whoever was able to slog through being overworked and underpaid and put their life on hold for their first 15 years out of college. When cancer metastasizes, that means newly divided cells from the tumor have penetrated the blood stream or lymph system, and are circulating around the body. They will accumulate and grow anywhere that they happen upon if the conditions for growth are favorable. The primary tumor isn't packing up and migrating, it is rooted in place like a tree. A cancer cell circulating through your body doesn't seek to get to the lung, it just might happen to end up there and it might grow well there and form a new tumor, like an acorn falling off a tree. Some acorns will fall into rich soil, some will fall on pavement or get eaten. You can't coax acorns to fall squarely into your bucket, and even if you did you still have the tree to deal with. This is the clonal evolution model of cancer, and is how many solid tumors are comprised and treated. The danger is that the selective advantage for the cancer cell is often by masking itself as a healthy cell to the immune system, which complicates treatments but this interaction can still be targeted (see PD-1). You are looking at human readable and annotated code, not what is compiled for the computer to run. Imagine finding bugs by looking at binary. DNA is more complex than 1 or 0, it could be ATCG. There are 3.2 billion nucleotides in the human genome, and we are still a long way from understanding the nuances of the DNA 'programming language.' Ironically, that old 11" air is better than the Macbook > Most people are too distracted to even pay attention, let alone do something about it. This is by design. As long as it's profitable to exploit labor, nothing will change. It is far far easier to keep people distracted and blind to all of this than it is to make them 'wake up,' or make any changes to their lives. In a song with 49 million plays on Spotify alone, Kanye West said "Nike, Nike treat employees just like slaves Gave LeBron a billi' not to run away," right around the time when Nike was getting serious heat from its labor conditions overseas The share price did not move. And in the modern U.S., the very same can happen to the working poor if they loose their job, or an unforeseen expense comes up to make paying for life's necessities suddenly impossible. Perhaps even at the same rate that a natural famine once every decade or so has killed off the poor; last season at least 80,000 people died in the U.S. from the flu [1], a disease that disproportionately affects the working poor and homeless due to poorer overall health. Not much has changed for the poor in this modern world even if they aren't subsistence farmers. [1] https://www.cnn.com/2018/09/26/health/flu-deaths-2017--2018-... Companies just won't advertise that they are made using exploitative conditions. The 'ethically made' technology label will have the same fate as organic, fair trade, etc. type labels: it will be priced out of reach for the vast majority of consumers. Those in silicon valley with their Model 3 and sustainable earwax-based soaps will rave about their latest ethical laptops, while the rest of the country saves up income for years to buy the cheapest new model computer available and strives to make it work as long as possible. Most consumers are already well priced out of paying more for preference or good conscious. Take it another step. Dreadful conditions are allowed to fester due to a lack of human rights in China, which is maintained as a status quo solely because shareholders in western companies demand infinite growth and profit. These companies came to Chinese factory owners with a price for labor already in mind; they would have payed to move production to anywhere in the world with the lowest costs for labor and material acquisition. Better labor conditions in China starts with western companies requiring better labor conditions to do business, and western companies accepting the resulting higher costs. Until shareholders accept smaller profits, this won't change no matter where in the world it occurs. You sound like an imperialist from the 1800s. Sure the factory job pays better than the field, but this doesn't excuse cruelty to the worker. No one is arguing that these factories shouldn't have been built. No one is arguing that these jobs don't pay more. The concern is the conditions for the worker are simply inhumane and the companies commissioning this work should be held responsible for knowingly profiting off this behavior. These would be Apple-owned factories, not Foxconn's, if Apple hadn't figure out they can pass the blame to rights abuses to whoever's name is on the building. No shareholder will agree to cut profits. The price of sustainability will be tacked on top of existing profit margins, as it is in all products where it is relevant. Like all sustainable products, it will be available only to those X% income levels who can afford to pay the premium on sustainable products. Because their cousin is sick. Because they want their daughter to go to school in the city and move up the socioeconomic ladder. Because their parents are injured and can no longer work. These jobs require sacrificing all of your personal freedom to support others. They require enduring human rights abuses themselves to so others don't have to work this very job. The reasons why farmers are leaving their fields isn't for their personal well being at all, it is altruism. The intensity of farm work isn't even comparable. You aren't toiling in the fields doing the same exact thing for hours every day, every month, every year like you do in a factory. Most labor happens during harvest and planting seasons, maintenance labor throughout the year is focused on improving your living conditions or other local projects, something you can't do if you are working for the factory. Unfortunately, things come up that can only be fixed with immediate or continued access to capital, so you have to send one of your family members hundreds of miles away to work in a factory to fuel an emergency fund. The problem with farm work isn't the work, it's the lack of enough pay to deal with disaster. I don't think there is anything that consumers could do when the entire market is supported by this model. This is something that will have to be driven by government regulation, not the market that benefits from this system. The best thing you could do is support politicians who care about these human rights abuses, and who don't care about angering shareholders. I'm not sure what point you are trying to make here? desirability = wage - working conditions? Apple paying marginally more than another job doesn't excuse the working conditions in the factory. There isn't a formula that makes subhuman conditions acceptable. I work in biology, and barring the simplest scripts everything computational we do is run on the university supercomputer because its waaaay faster and cheaper than keeping expensive hardware up to date ourselves, in fact I can get away with just using my phone and the supercomputer if I REALLY wanted. I know in video editing, similar 'rendering farms' are used instead of the top spec personal machines of yore. How long until developers also adopt this philosophy of remote computing, or is the switch already happening? But evidently flu deaths are not so rare. Just as starving to death is a consequence of economics for the farmer, dying of the flu is a consequence of economics for the poor in the United States. One cannot pay for food during a famine, and the other cannot pay for health services during the yearly epidemic. > It's like the whole web has turned in to this pool of mud and no-one realises what it was like before. Every website is trying to reinvent the wheel. Foolish! I hate the grid/huge amount of white space layout that is so pervasive now. Websites that have their information in a nice and clean, condensed list view are unicorns now. Condensed lists are literally the best layout to convey information in a given space, take a look at how outlook or apple mail gives you the exact same information in their super condensed list views as they do in the 'mobile friendly' expanded view, except they give you much more information at a time without having to endlessly scroll. It would be acceptable if I was literally using my elbow to tap on a touchscreen, but I'm using a mouse and keyboard and I can comfortably click on something 10 pixels wide. Take a look at any of the half dozen or so food delivery service websites. On my 13" screen on grubhub, I can see 5 search results at a time. 5! Each result takes up 1 full inch of screen real estate when it could be one single line of text. If it was single spaced, that would be 40 lines and therefore 40 results I could view at a time. But because the modern web is designed to be accommodating for a 500lb gorilla to poke at a touchscreen, I have to deal with only being able to see 1/8 the information that I could potentially see. Just have your narrow width as your second browser size. One double click on the tab bar in firefox and you are there. I have a big monitor too but I kinda hate full screen browser windows just because no website is really made for it. Either the line width gets out of control, or it just wraps anyway and I have two huge swaths of blank space on each side of the content. Skip the pi, just grab an outlet timer from the hardware store for a couple bucks. I've never understood why the model isn't for self driving public buses. This should be the primary focus. More riders in one vehicle lowers costs for running the service itself as well as greatly cheapening wide area coverage abilities. We all love the on-demand, single rider model that Lyft pioneered, but it also isn't sustainable with traffic demands increasing every year with population. Machine learning and productive partnerships with city traffic officials will ensure buses are routed on sensible routes that could be changed with demand without inconveniencing riders. Strictly protected bus lanes would also simplify the programming needed to maneuver a self driving vehicle through traffic. It's not trivial when we don't even know what sort of regulation will be required to maintain these vehicles' road legal status, let alone banking on future economies of scale. Would it be a simple license fee? Perhaps an inspection? An age requirement on the vehicle? Or perhaps the worst (and very possible) outcome, mandating that an undistracted driver be sitting behind the wheel at all times, ready to take control. It would take one trivial piece of legislation to turn this technology into a souped up cruise control rather than the world changing technology that its backers insist that it is. How could you even fight that sort of regulation without your argument boiling down to 'we promise we don't need human oversight.' One lazy 'think of the children!' retort later, and it's banned faster than mango juul pods. I don't understand the investor confidence here. To me this seems like basic research, critical for future technological developments, but a cash sink with no guarantee for profitability. Is this just a rat race between the giants throwing cash at this? >but I don't see any cities approaching it from the other direction. Can you blame them? There's barely money to maintain existing infrastructure, let alone rework it. It doesn't matter if it would pay for itself in 25 years, if that were the case we would be powered by 100% nuclear power years ago, investors don't bite on those numbers and republicans don't pass those budgets. Maybe the driverless car players should work with the cities to improve infrastructure. They have all the capital, after all. However that logical reasoning isn't how the valley plays ball. Look at bird, look at uber, look at any 'pioneer' service entering these cities. They stomp their way into markets without trying to reach out to local governments and work with them, the city officials of course are annoyed and pass unproductive regulations, then the tech companies throw a tantrum and plead their pitiful case to their users. It's childish behavior that wastes everyone's time and money. The market is eating itself. The old adage was that if you wanted your competitor's market share, you had to design a better product. You can now get away with selling a worse product, if your advertising convinces consumers that the previous model is worthless or the competitor's product is poor. The pricing data here supports that negative advertising goes a lot further than positive advertising. What is the incentive to pay for good product design or innovation if it's more profitable to pay off reviewers and advertisers to lie for you? Why develop a valuable product when you can so easily lie about its actual value? We are moving out of an age of engineering and into an age of advertising and snake oil. This is exactly the danger. Morally egregious, but extremely effective advertising for the large swaths of uneducated and ill-informed. What is to stop a private corporation from polluting national discourse? Apparently nothing, now that Facebook has taken the drivers seat spreading loony conspiracy theories. This Russian playbook is public knowledge now, and intimately studied for better or worse. Opinion articles are labelled as such and are written in a different style and tone than other articles. They are written as an argument, not an objective presentation of an event. How do you deal with sleeping? Every time I sit somewhere with my head supported, I begin to drift off. Doesn't matter if I slept in, or if I've had two cups of coffee. If my head is stabilized, it's over for me. I used to do this but meetings became unbearable with the urge to pee striking every hour. Are you my cat? Because science isn't about belief, its about reasoning. One person having a good response to something doesn't say anything about that something, that person, or that good response. Only after things have been repeatedly tested, and alternative explanations thoroughly ruled out, can a claim be considered accurate. Everything was once alternately laughable or mysterious, until it was thoroughly proven to be true. There is a reason why we aren't letting your blood because you have a cold anymore. One person randomly having a favorable outcome doesn't tell you if a result is great, let alone even exists. You are the one signing to an open office job, after all. > maybe there is some evolutionary reason behind this. This mechanism for which you speak is known as "placebo" Try just taking a walk every hour before you shell out for a desk that may or may not help you. It is much easier to maintain focus for a whole day if you take small breaks every hour as well, and it helps with eyestrain to focus at far distances if you are in front of a monitor all day. I've never seen a stack of textbooks wobble. Although they might cost more than the desk! Because people get bored reading articles with neutral tone. We are talking about a choice of desk, after all. Extremes in language are much more satisfying to read, consciously or not, and the ad money proves this. We knew that facebook was a business, with growing users. How are you supposed to add users and grow a network if its is constantly broken apart for ideological reasons? What happens when mining slows to a stalemate? What happens when the expenses to open new operations are too high even for the largest miners? Nowhere to be found. I kid you not, the government tried to start a nationalized crypto. Many are just using other currencies like the Colombian peso. Even today bitcoin is a serious energy concern. Currently the network uses as much energy as Denmark, while commanding a 0.033% share of cashless transactions. Which countries will bitcoin surpass in energy usage in 2019 as mining gets exponentially more difficult by design? Being in college around 2014, everyone knew bitcoin because that's how you got your ID for bars. It also ruined the concept. In its most innocent terms, bitcoin is for sending money to people. What happens when person A has all their wealth tied up in Bitcoin Cash #1 and person B has it all in bitcoin cash #2. What coin does person C who wants to send something to person D use? With every new coin, the argument for switching to bitcoin for transactions weakens. How do you know how to position if up and down is determined by random bouts of speculative buying? Or in this case, egos clashing in a completely different crypto. There is so much more data and tangible information to guide you with traditional investments which may also have their speculative runs, but are more often based on the objective success of an asset that can be easily estimated, determined, and predicted. > Short of locking them up, what do you do with those people? Give them access to mental health services. I don't know why you are vilifying government housing, it is very obviously the solution. Housing initiatives have always been a target for budgetary looting by politicians looking to solidify their legacy with more glamorous and superficial endeavors, but properly managed they are the only way for affordable housing to happen in cities that are already grossly affordable even for full time workers. The market will never fix this, either. Why should a developer spend money to build something and wait far longer (if ever) to recoup their initial investment from affordable rental rates, when they can just price right along with the market and be out of the red sooner? Real estate booms and crashes, no one wants to wait for their goose to lay its first egg a decade after the local real estate market cools off. The market always favors the most rapid turn around on investment, and in cities like SF where tech companies gladly hand 22 year olds more money than they've ever seen, the quickest and safest buck for a developer are these cheap, fast, luxury builds that can command rents at the top of the market because the units smell like new paint. The current favorite strategy among local governments is to offer developers large tax incentives to tack on a small percentage of low income units along with the luxury build. It is hardly even a half measure, as the rest of the luxury build will surge the rest of the local real estate market. Instead of offering tax incentives to attract luxury developers, local governments should instead let the market dictate what level of luxury building will be profitable, and focus on building low income municipal housing that is properly managed, and it's budget protected from raiding. Maybe something modern, and modular such that a family unit can be cheaply reconfigured into studios as demand dictates. In my city, the downtown YMCA has low income apartments in the dozen or so floors above the recreation facilities, and it works to keep these residents off the streets and employed. That's because the music subscription service was designed from the ground up to be exactly unlike the previous music business model; in fact the spotify model boils down to legal napster. The problem is when something really has no reason to not be a one time purchase, like companies on instagram charging me $15 a month to send me three new pairs of socks twice a quarter, or maybe they mail me a wooden box once a month with some woodsy smelling beard oil, a leather flask, and a small axe. Software is moving this way too; but I'm still in the camp that would shell out $25 for a program as is that would still work on my machine decades later even if the company folds or puts out another version, than pay $2 a month for something that might not work at all or fundamentally change its functionality in a year. No one knows what the hell you are talking about with the word "deck." How about "Presentation?" It won't be too long in the future when the most productive farms are run by a couple local people who maintain the equipment, and every current labor-based task handling the livestock or produce is completely automatic. Imagine the power of knowing exactly every perturbation that a given crop or animal might have experienced and compare it to its yield. Eliminating variables like the productivity of the individual farmhand would go a long way to better control and extend our food supply. I hate the direction they are moving with the port situation on their products, which is to nickel and dime you for the privilege of using different connections. I can buy a brand new iPhone and macbook, and come home with no way to connect them with the supplied cables, I need to buy a dongle. I can't use the same headphones with my computer and phone anymore, either; apple doesn't include the 3.5mm dongle with their phones anymore and instead would gladly tack on $10 for 1-inch of cable that should have never existed on this earth in the first place. I believe the 7 was the slimmest iPhone. The notch phones are noticeably heavier as well. The blutooth headphone is a different device than a regular headphone. They have worse sound quality, which might not be so noticable, but they also have to pair and the wireless connection isn't reliable. The headphones are also another device that needs to be charged and has a battery, and in the case of the AirPods, the battery is in bad shape after a year and the device must be replaced. In the case of the ports you've mentioned, there were other improved connections to move towards. The blutooth headphone is not improved over the 3.5mm cable unless you are so vehemently opposed to the idea of a cable that you would live with its shortcomings. Market leaders like Apple and Samsung have made investments into this market (beats, for example), and to try and dominate market share are extorting their users into buying extraneous, disposable accessories that aren't an objective improvement of existing standards, all while parading the recycled content of their latest 128gb dual core laptops. No, but the editor insisted on some SEO. The battery degrades pretty badly in a year. Removing the audio jack improved peripheral sales and helped dominate wireless headphone market share. This wasn't an engineering decision. Adderal, its everywhere, and not much in the way of side effects. Taking it while you are in the thick of a task is the way to do it; once it sets in you are working at 150% pace with undivided focus. This is the drug of the future. Much more sustained focus from caffeine, and no stomach discomfort or nausea that you might encounter with high caffeine doses. This drug, along with ritalin, are designed such that you can't get a high enough concentration of the drug in your blood to trigger any physical dependence or tolerance. Plenty of my friends have prescriptions, and doctors generally prescribe enough to be on the drug every waking hour for a month, whereas they might only need to take it a couple times a week for focusing on a specific task, so people whose ADD symptoms are milder tend to build up a surplus. How do you have time in your day for this? I'd really like to see your hour by hour to see if I can make more time in my own day. I wake up for work before the sun rises, and by the time I get back home this time of year, its been set for about 2 hours. Work in preparing dinner, errands or chores, and trying to get in 8 hours of sleep, I'm left with maybe 2-3 hours where I don't have to be doing something or going somewhere in a given weekday. Sure, I could have a side project or a hobby in that time, but then my day would be entirely occupied without any flexibility for if something comes up. All through college I told myself 6 hours of sleep was fine, that I could catch up on the weekends, but now my sleep schedule seems to be wrecked so 8 hours is nonnegotiable until I stop feeling so exhausted all day. Do you cook for yourself? Cooking is one of my biggest time sinks. It takes me like 45 minutes to whip up some eggs and pack a lunch for the morning. Dinner is around double that between cooking the dish, eating it, and cleaning. What is your commute like? I can bike to work in 15 mins but now its too cold and icy for that, and it takes 45 minutes to drive through rush hour and park (and I'm bent over with the parking pass situation near work). Lately, I've been using the bus, which is hundreds of dollars cheaper than maintaining the parking pass, but no faster. Somehow, I live only 1.5 miles away. >That selection post excludes personally identifying information. How would you select a candidate this way? A CV is a document comprised entirely of personally identifying information and potential sources of bias. Would you ask for the CV when you invite them to interview, and invite everyone who applies? You certainty couldn't ask for recommendations until after the interview as well. Interestingly, Portland is roughly the same size as Helsinki and Washington, DC, but only has 10,000 city employees from what I can find (1), although there is probably much more incoming traffic into DC or Helsinki on a given day than Portland, which would require more city upkeep. (1) https://www.portlandoregon.gov/oehr/article/595121 Communication skills are tested in the interview. Interviews are valuable. Being able to communicate effectively about your work, especially to a stranger, is competence. Going off of pure resume and cover letter fluff, lots of candidates can clearly do the job, but only in the interview do you see if a candidate can confidently leverage their experiences to solve new problems. If you want an interview to favor a higher level of competence, do away with the hiring managers. Have candidates interviewed by their equally titled peers, or members of the group the candidate would be working most closely with. People who not only have a technical background, but an understanding of how the specific job actually works day to day. There really is no pressing need to ever own a house. What do I get with ownership over renting? Sure, the mortgage payments might be cheaper than a given rent, and perhaps the local housing market might work in my favor, but perhaps it won't! I might one day own a house, but that's not going to happen for at least a decade or more until my position rises from entry level to middle to a high-enough level where I actually have the liquid capital for a down payment on something worth dealing with a long term mortgage for, and have enough money set aside to deal with potential catastrophic repair or even just regular maintenance. Right now, if I come home and my roof is caved in, the floor is flooded, or my PSU explodes away half the house, I'm gonna shrug and call my landlord and renters insurance agency, and let them solve all these catastrophic problems on their time and their dime/ I'm in no hurry to get one, so I don't see a point to save specifically for a house at the expense of efficiency (spending 15 minutes to order and eat a meal vs. 1hr+ cooking one), or other more fruitful investment opportunities than home ownership. Not to mention, it would make moving around for better employment much more involved and stressful if I had a house I needed to sell or rent out in order to leave the city. You aren't going to make much of dent into a housing savings forgoing occasional $8 carry out and the cheapest beers at the bar in your 20s. Why would you not buy a house as an investment? If you aren't looking to get a return you might as well rent and have your hands away from the duties and risks of property ownership. People have retirement accounts. People aren't taking cash out of their 401k early to get drunk with their friends on Friday (I hope). People in their 20s and 30s just aren't seeing much of a need to set aside otherwise disposable or earmarked money to one day use it all on a down payment for something that you don't NEED to ever actually own. People aren't paid according to the GDP of the United States. I guess it comes down to what considerations you value more. Personally, I'd still take the instability because I value the flexibility much more at this point in my life. Living wage jobs are much harder to secure without a college degree, full stop. I read a headline today that in the Inland Empire, 50% of jobs do not pay a living wage. People are much more specialized in their professions now as well. I might be able to find a relevant job in every city, but in some cities that might be the only employer, and there is no incentive for loyalty toward your employer, and you make much more leveraging your existing salary for a better job at another company than waiting for a raise or title change at your present one. You are so much better off living in a place where you can easily get a new job under a different employer in your field without having to find a new apartment and plan a relocation as well, not to mention being in a larger network and the innumerable opportunities that gives you. Very true, but the life of a post war baby was very different than someone who grew up during the great depression, or during the roaring 20s, or any other time. It is useful to bin people into groups facing similar environmental and temporal situations, it makes comparisons and tracking a given bin of people through time easier. >Philosophers, novelists, sociologists, anthropologists, and economists used to define, study, and critique generational divides before advertising became such a pervasive part of the modern economy And they still do... Housing prices has risen more in some areas than others for sure, but the trend of housing rapidly outpacing wages still holds when looking at much larger data sets. That just shows profit margins on builds haven't changed. It doesn't matter if you are technically getting the same price per square foot on the house if you can't afford the homes available on the market. Container tabs are so clunky in practice, they really need a lot of work. Google something in your Google container, click a link, and instead of just directing to the link, the link is opened in a new tab and the search result tab is closed instantly. You can't go back to the results, you have to unclose the tab. Container tabs also were terrible if you needed a persistent login. My school proxy for journal subscriptions has like half a dozen redirects with different URL names, I either had to not use containers here or add an exception for every step in the login process that it would break because of the container system. I hated constantly running into problems with containers breaking websites and making browsing so cumbersome that I stopped using them entirely. Like some of the esoteric Adblocker configurations favored here, they are good in principle, but in practice break 50% of websites on the internet without spending serious time crafting exceptions for every issue you run into on every new site you find. > « Container Tabs » doesn’t build trust in user’s mind. You’re always one click away from sending data with the wrong profile. Which users are you referring to, the ones who read HN and use firefox with containers? Most non-technical people would think you told them a conspiracy theory if you said Facebook can track their browsing outside the site, let alone be aware of that possibility enough to install firefox then install and configure containers. People who know about these risks and are installing extensions like containers are already conscious of their exposure on the web and are doing their due diligence not to leave much-identifying information out there, to begin with. The sad truth is we write, and comment, and endlessly debate security best practices here that only get used by people reading this forum or small, highly technical and specific corners of Reddit. You are totally right to say this, but local government is the rule of the vocal NIMBY that actually shows up to council meetings, and makes headaches for government officials not working to their beck and call. Local government exists to appease these ignorant few because no one else votes in the elections. A big problem with these is how unsteady they are. I've seen them topple like cards in barely a gust. The first company to do this is the first one that's dead in the water. Right now many users have both apps on their phones since they are functionally identical. Add a con to one, and the userbase will jump ship. If its the least bit warm any longer than 15 minutes and you are gonna have some sweat. I used to bike to work year round before these and I'm not eager to go back. Biking for 2 hours on the weekend is enjoyable, showing up to work sweaty and coming home exhausted five days a week was not. Hills are not fun! I feel safer on one of these too; the acceleration can be handy in emergency situations where you'd otherwise be barely up to speed on a bike, in the wrong gear, etc. Like any gig economy job, people have gotten religious at it. There's a guy by my neighborhood who drives slowly with a brand new sprinter van while another loads the scooters into the moving vehicle. There is no shortage of people willing to rack up $100 a day on the side. Have you ridden one? Ahh, yes. It was the companies who rode them on the sidewalks. I grew up in a statistically diverse school district, but in practice, it was socially segregated, in that most kids hung out with their own demographic almost exclusively. People can be just as racist or bigoted in a diverse environment, the only requirement for developing these prejudices is people seeing themselves as exclusive members of a demographic clique which can happen in Tennessee or New York City just as easily. You can get things done on a train that you can't if you need to focus on walking or biking. By the time I arrive at work I've gotten through my emails and read the days headlines. As an employee, I'd rather work in a place where I can get a relevant job from dozens of different employers, made easier by overlapping networks, versus a city where I could only really work at 1 or 2 places. You can definitely have fun visiting Nashville, but if I moved there I'd quickly run out of new places to discover; nightlife and entertainment are concentrated in a few places and activities. You use your truck for utility, many people use them for vanity. I'd love to find more examples of org mode used in the sciences! Any for molecular/cell biology type work? Very few cities have a functional downtown. In the 3 major cities in Ohio, for instance, the downtown areas were vacated when people fled to suburbs. Malls and shops closed, and blocks were leveled for surface parking. Walkability was killed in favor of drives from the suburbs. Aside from one or two streets near major sports arenas with a couple gentrified bars, downtown businesses open for lunch hour and close by 6. I imagine this is the same in much of the U.S. that isn't known for the urban living scene. Where is it? There are areas of NYC and Los Angeles where you will find new cafes/restaurants/bars/clubs/shops on every block. You can set out walking a direction into the unknown and have a pretty decent night, knowing you will run into these attractions in every nook, not just the main drags, and despite living there for years you can discover new places every single day. In Nashville, would I have to uber around to disconnected, well known hotspots? How long until I know of every bar in Nashville that has people in it on a Friday night? I want to be able to constantly discover in my own city, not just when I go on trips out of town. Or maybe people in rural areas are more likely to be financially secure and own their property. There are many more impoverished people in cities who would skew a 'happiness' survey for a city. It would be interesting to compare people with similar takehome pay rural to urban. And you'd be surprised at how much comes from fear vs. data and reason. I bought my car 8 years ago for $5000. To date, it cost me around $2000 in maintenance, and I give it $30 a month in gas. Car insurance and registration are roughly $500 a year. Add up all these costs, and on average I pay ~$150 a month to own and operate my car, and that's ignoring the fact I can probably still sell this car for $3000-5000. Either the math on that website is way off, or a new car is truly the worst investment you can make in your life. Cars are fundamentally, egregiously inefficient. Most of their use comes from one person going to one place using one of their 5+ seats, yet automakers have to design an engine powerful enough to move 5+ people, and the 3000lbs of the car. A scooter only needs enough energy to move one person plus the 15lbs of the scooter. Older generations are blind to this fact because their entire life they've been sold the idea that they need to buy and spend money moving and storing a 3000lb hunk of metal with them every single day. Imagine paying money to go somewhere, knowing full well the major percent of that money is going to move a ton+ of material, and only a fraction is spent to move your physical body; you'd be outraged, but that is what a car is. White backgrounds have less glare with my monitors, and I'm not one to work without a lamp as I live off a legal pad. I haven't gotten eye strain in over a decade since I started using f.lux. I used to be really into night mode in high school, but that didn't really last as back then, extensions like this were clunky and screwed up websites (eg, not all black font would switch to white, or the implementation would just invert the colors on the page, including images). There's an IT 'dungeon' at my workplace, and all of their screens are in a dark mode theme although the IT people there do not use any lights in that room besides the glow of their monitors, and maybe 10 feet of multicolored string lights in one of the corners so you aren't running into desks. They even have blackout curtains over the windows. The first time I walked into that room trying to find someone, I assumed it was empty, lights off, and everyone went home, but there were a dozen people in there working like that! I'd feel like I crawled out of a cave every time I left the room if I worked in that environment. Good lighting keeps me awake as well. Quotes are one of many operators google has for search (1). You can build very powerful search arguments with a handful of easy to use operators. Sometimes taking the time to type in the proper operators can save you much more time by bringing you to the content you are looking for faster. https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/2466433?hl=en Snail mail is already gotten. I get junk mail from 8 different past tenants at my unit, and I'm sure I'm still getting junk mail at all my old addresses. Google your name right now, and I guarantee you will find your address and other personal info on one of those dime a dozen background check sites, because companies have operated under the philosophy that your phone numbers and physical addresses are public facing information that you could find in a phone book, and are free to sell or pass along. And based on the bellyaching from tech companies from that piece of legislation, it will remain in Europe. Emails, sure, but plenty of people read and continue to read newspapers, or review their printed material or notes. One of the great pleasures for Republican state governments is to hobble liberal city government initiates in any way possible, whether that be withholding funding or outlawing logical courses of action. I do not want to live in a place with regressive red state politics that are always in such conflict with the progressive goals of cities. Less than 200 calories burned from these activities, not a good source of regular exercise. safety pin near the top + carabiner = instant easy access keys That seems pretty dangerous. Why not just have the car beep at you? IIRC for the Audi 5000s it was because the brake and throttle were too close and your foot or floormat frequently got stuck on top of the throttle. People would shift out of park not realizing this and go flying, not any kind of software or security issue. My neighborhood just got hit with a string of robberies from inside cars. Not one window was smashed; the thieves can simply use a thin piece of metal slid between the window and door to enter vehicles about as quick as someone with a key, just like what police do if you locked your key inside the car. So you have to pull your keys out of your pocket and stick them in your microwave every time you enter your house just to have the convenience of not needing to take them out of your pocket when you approach the car. Everything is risk vs. reward in life. Yeah, for the thief, maybe. This is a classic example of tech attempting to eliminate a mild inconvenience that no one really complained about before, and clumsily engineering a 'solution' that causes a dozen other novel and catastrophic problems in the process. American cars have always been notorious for this. You can unlock and start some American cars with a flathead screwdriver. They don't issue recalls for every mechanical catastrophe, and they don't ignore them for software issues either. When an automaker has a problem that merits a recall, it's because very careful accounting has indicated it is cheaper to roll out the recall than it would be to litigate or settle in court, not from any kind of good faith action. Even Audi would have never had that recall if only just a handful of people were injured or died from the issue. Is another 8gb of RAM or 128gb of storage worth $200 each? I guess it is when you have no option to upgrade it after purchase. Apple doesn't do the decency to give you proper hardware either, opting for previous generation processors and a keyboard who's reliability is still up in the air even after their third attempt. Apple is further undermining their lofty pricepoint each product release. Ironically, I've never gone to blockbuster and failed to find what I was looking for on the shelves. Meanwhile, staples that brought me to Netflix disappear regularly. I've been a subscriber to Netflix since it was a mail order service, and that original hope that there would be one repository with all the content--literally online blockbuster--never materialized, and I fear at this point it never will. I wonder why Spotify was able to easily and immediately license practically everything; it's not like Columbia and Atlantic records are exclusive to one service or another like with video content producers. Have you considered that nothing really changed with how much attention people give to movies? You are only looking at your friend's behavior, and assuming that the story would change if you lived in another decade. You can't rule out that even in the days where movies were only shown in a theater, that maybe 10% of the audience was paying enough attention to truly appreciate the film and not distracted with other thoughts. Being an active and engaged watcher is difficult work, and it can be as hard as analytical reading for many people. Cell phones and the internet also didn't invent trite, low effort, distracting content; that stuff is as old as writing. Is it just as legally risky to go to a store with a little mechanical counter and count heads? It’s astounding to me that this same country with HIPAA laws protecting name, ethnicity, age, and any identifying information in hospital records has nothing on the books to guard that very same information which can easily be bought and sold if it came from anywhere other than a hospital. Evidently that doesn’t damage your public support anymore. That doesn't mean people didn't feed the journalist heavy handed speculation to make a profit from short positions. Everyone named in the article took a price hit that week. If you knew this article was coming you'd be well positioned for easy profit. If you were a bad-faith source you would have anticipated this and profited from the movement in both directions. Short when the article is released, then take your profit and buy at an artificially low price. I think this is very realistic. These days prices move purely on speculation much more than they do on metrics like P/E. A source could have been in a short position, then after taking profit after the article was released could have bought up cheap shares. Thinking about the readership of Bloomberg, anything they publish will have a much larger market impact than an article in Ars. I think Bloomberg was played like a fiddle. The same is true for every nuclear weapon. Tech crunch is not financial news, its no surprise they fix on stock price as if it was the end all, be all metric for a business. IIRC as the shuttle lands the nose tilts upwards, and it slows down due to the air resistance of the underside face of that delta-shaped wing. Intraday trading is much less risky than holding a position overnight. A lot of movement happens in the first and last 30 mins of trading, and over lunch. You can exit unproductive positions quickly, whereas if you couldn't day trade you'd only be able to sit and watch how the cards are falling. Everyone does if you have less than 25k in your account and do more than 4 day trades in a 7 day period > Their whole business is to encourage folks that should not be day trading to day trade Trading for most people used to be deliberately obtuse. $7.5 commission per trade is criminal for most people, so is charging $50 a month to get a weekly email with basic technical analysis, but that's literally been the bread and butter of retail investing for decades and no one bats an eye to how deliberately ridiculous it all is. Robinhood drops all the barriers from buying stocks, gives you a warning before they even let you touch options, and they are the evil here? This is like saying venmo is dumb because it lets people wipe out their checking account quicker than writing a check; don't blame the company for idiotic users. Robinhood doesn't even let you day trade more than 4x in a given week unless you have 25k in your trading account, just like every brokerage. Kroger is starting to do these meal kits. They are within 5 feet of the door and serve two, and all cook in 20 minutes. I just don't get the point, though. I can move past the box and into the Kroger, using the box as a shopping list, and buy the exact same ingredients for half the price, only now I must spend 5 minutes dicing a tomato instead of slicing open a plastic bag containing diced tomato. The best way to get quicker in the kitchen is to cook with common ingredients, and prep things in tandem. Keeping your cooking within a certain cultural palate is a good way to limit the amount of different fresh ingredients you need to maintain, and simplify your cooking. Some perishables like fruits and vegetables are terrible to buy. Cilantro comes in a massive bunch from which I take three sprigs, and its rotten in a couple days. Bananas are unedible until day 2, then I have maybe a 3-day window to eat all the bananas before they are flabby, brown, and mushy. Even if I throw a handful of arugula in every single one of my meals, its massive tub is barely half empty by the time it starts rotting in my fridge a week after purchase. Even if I plot and plan to use all my cilantro in 3 days, all my arugula in 1 week, power through 3 bananas a day during my bunch's window of opportunity, I can still end up going out for dinner which throws everything out of schedule. Or maybe I forgot to pull out the chicken out of the freezer and into the marinade this morning, so there is now no point in cooking if I need to wait 2+ hours after I get home for my bird to thaw and flavor. $10 per serving is egregious. Take a blue apron recipe with you to a grocery store, and I bet you can buy all the ingredients for $2.5 a meal. I don't think news media outlets are very concerned about social networks anymore; NYT is on literally every app in everyone's pocket, whereas before it was just in the hands of their direct subscribers and sales. I ran away from facebook in 2015. I maybe check once a month to see if a random cousin reached out to me, and the service fails even at that. I don't understand how anyone uses this firehose of irrelevant information anymore. I check the notifications bar, and it says I have dozens and dozens of notifications, but really I have zero. All of these dozens of alerts and badges are nothing more than "Ashley commented on derricks post" I don't know a derrick at all, or "Jerry liked russian_troll_page's video." The feed is completely polluted. Out of all the mismatched and randomly shuffled posts from the past week that pop up, maybe 5% are original content from my friends, and not someone liking a page or commenting on a video with 300,000 other comments. The site used to be excellent when the content was 100% generated by the people I personally knew. Nowadays, I don't know how you get any valuable information out of it without spending hours and hours sifting through the junk. The platform regressed. I still use social media everyday. On instagram I follow my friends, and a handful of nature pages. Most of the posts I see are from people I know, an interesting story across the world, or a poorly targeted ad. On snapchat I only chat or look at stories posted by my friends; I only click the crap on the discover page if my thumb misses. I don't use twitter, I prefer daily newsletters from NYT, and follow other publishers and magazines with RSS (including this site). I've cut the fat by living within inoreader and rarely straying elsewhere. You can save a lot of time if you don't have to sift through algorithmic advertising pollution to read the headlines and see what your friend Dave did today. Start now. Drop facebook, drop twitter, unfollow everyone you don't know personally on everything else, and use an RSS reader to filter in the content you actually want to engage with, not what an advertiser wants you to see to buy something, or vote a certain way. Does spotify need read/write on all my messages and posts ever made? I'm sure spotify isn't the only company granted this privilege of omnipotence. The cards are still falling, don't blame nyt for offering analysis when the news continues to break. Nope, no one does. But the recent bout of cyberwarfare was directly due to the magnitsky act economically damaging Putin and his inner circle. Maybe, maybe not? Zuckerberg bought a dozen houses so no one would document his activity. I don't use facebook and use an adblocker so no one would document my activity. The medium is different, but it's the same concern. Facebook does have alternatives, though. The website does nothing new, only serves it to you in one place. This used to be great when your feed was populated by content generated by people you actually know and care about in your personal life, but facebook pulled the rug out from under us when they gradually increased the amount of advertising pollution you had to sift through to get to any original thought. Facebook has changed from that useful platform it once was to basically nonstop custom-tailored commercials, but the alternatives that it sought to replace have not and never will. Want to keep in touch with your relatives or friends? Directly engage people again. This can be as simple as an email thread, group text messaging, or an application like GroupMe. Need to plan events with your group? Throw it on a google calendar, who cares about who said they are going or who left your invite on read? Contacts? Your phone and address book on your computer. Keep your photos on something nonproprietary and therefore future proof; contrary to popular belief, no one will remember all the likes your pictures from Cabo got you in two weeks anyway. Disgusting, but know that there are good regulations—like environmental protections—that are frequently combatted by industry groups and tend to get weakened by the Republicans before they pass into law. Regulation can be abused by industry and corrupt politicians for anticompetitive reasons, but most of the time, it's to force companies from doing highly profitable things that aren't good for people or the planet; its much cheaper to just dump all your hazardous waste into the river, after all. HN seems to be doing fine For reddit you can get a feed for the top posts only, and for HN you can set a score threshold. I even follow newsletters over rss (killthenewsletter), which if you subscribe to some daily digests you get exposed to stories from a variety of sources on many topics. I can still run through like 250 headlines in about 30 minutes, reading or saving what I like to pocket and skimming over the rest. There is definitely set up and optimization with RSS, getting the right mix of feeds that you want, but I don't see any targeted posts or advertising when I browse the internet now. Its also really good for following journal articles in my field. Pubmed has active search RSS, for instance, and every journal pushes their new articles to RSS. >where a concise version of the message is shown once, and then automatically marked as read. So like a rule to push it into your newsletter folder? Because they were obtuse to set up for 99% of people. Myspace basically made quick and easy personal pages for the masses, and everyone used it because it was quick and easy. If a company is able to do it right for the 99% of people who don't know what FTP is, then its got a shot. Several years ago facebook gutted a lot of RSS features. You used to be able to follow your notifications via RSS, but that went away when facebook realized people wouldn't stay on the site as long. "Hey do you want to go on a date?" read two days ago Yikes. It would be like if the $5 bottle was glass, and the $1000 bottle contained the same wine in a special wooden bottle that allegedly dampened any disruptive vibrations without any research at all. You'd probably have migraines! At a given mall, quite a lot of property is devoted to surface lots which go unused from 10pm-10am, not great for a growing urban environment! The problem with cars is how inefficient they are just from the physics of them. A given car is maybe 3000lbs. A person is maybe 150lbs. 95% of the gas you pump into your car goes to just moving around this hunk of metal wherever you go. And then you gotta have an empty 18'x9' spot available wherever you are going? How many 25lb bird scooters can you pile up in that spot? Even self-driving cars aren't going to solve the issues with wasting energy and space for the two tonnes-or-so hunk of metal that you require to deliver you door to door on demand. Try to have a horse pull you around town in a tesla, and it would die. Doctors don't become 'mister' the day they stop practicing, that's also a title you keep for life. You could just open it in reader view or in pocket/instapaper You aren't contributing to society if you charge more for rent than mortgage and maintenance, you are a parasite. It was a time when the U.S. kept the worlds manufacturing jobs warm before they were outsourced to these rebuilt places. There are credit cards where you can get 4% cash back in places and pay no annual fee. If you have switched to cash only in an effort to save money, does this outweigh a 2-4% discount on every purchase you make? I don't think this is nihilism, I think this is just a rhetorical device to keep yourself grounded and stay rolling with the punches. What could that wouldn't with a private platform? A hypothetical public forum would be excellent! It would be a place where people could feel comfortable to disseminate knowledge without worrying about their information and psychological profile being bought, sold, and manipulated because it wouldn't be financially supported by those practices. If it's kept far away from Ajit Pai types, maybe bad actors could be forced out (SSN or other official verification, maybe?) Take a look at a well-run government resource like PubMed. Sure it looks awkward at first, but its extensively documented, and as you learn more and more about it you begin to appreciate how robust it is being isolated from metrics like time on platform or ad engagement. You have powerful search operators, and extensive public databases of primary literature and entire seminal textbooks. Functionality is only added, never removed. Everything we know about biology is indexed on this website and available at your fingertips (ignoring Elsevier for a moment). You don't even have to visit it unless you need to; it's trivial to set up email notifications or an RSS feed for an active search. Social media is broken. The playbook used by the Russians only worked because it benefitted from these same algorithms designed to keep peoples eyes fixed on these platforms and no other. Who would have known that designing a platform to maximize viral advertising could be used as is to maximize viral propaganda? Certainly not Zuckerberg, as he claims. The original premise of Facebook, an online extension to strictly local connections, seems so idyllic and utopian now. R&D should be publically funded like basic research is. We can say 'these drugs are expensive because they are expensive to research' all we want because it's true, but this statement ignores the problem of it all, and that is every step of the way from a customers insurance payment to research and development, there is skimming. Private health insurance cannot run at cost, private biotechnology companies cannot run at cost either, and this is because shareholders and executives demand it cannot. Every dollar of ROI in their portfolio is a dollar that could have gone to research and development or lowering drug prices, every yearly bonus could have tipped the scales and let one more person afford to save their life. It is tragically terrible that if you had the right books, you can calculate the exact x% of every dollar people spend towards healthcare that goes toward someone else's luxury rather than healthcare or in support of research. And thats ignoring the other half of the problem with private research, in that projects are decided by white collars and not white coats, so research efforts are focused on what will make a profit or what they can put out quickly before anyone else to dominate market share on a novel treatment, and not treatments for rarer diseases that might be backed with extensive basic research and only need to scale, but is marginally less profitable for the company. However, if money for healthcare is taken publically, then there is no need to skim dimes on every dollar spent to grant someone a third house and a fifth car. Money can be earmarked directly for research, like basic research is, and what happens to that dollar would be of public record. Capitalism and its sole metric of success of infinite growth is inefficient by design and has no place when it comes to universal needs like healthcare. >There is a very lengthy process of getting drugs through the FDA which makes investment's return-on-investment difficult to justify without raising already available drug prices. The lengthy process is there for a reason, it's not some hamper on profits just to hamper profits. Do we believe that the FDA is full of short sellers? Poor Pfizer, they won't get more money than they've spent! The logic here is sinister. ROI on drugs shouldn't be every dollar spent gets you a dollar ten and a drug, it should be you have a drug. The basic research that informs R&D spending has a ROI of zero by business metrics. It is sad to think that the trajectory of medical advancement is dictated not by what we can achieve as scientists, but what is profitable for businessmen. When Jonas Salk was asked who owns the patent to the polio vaccine he developed, he replied, "Well, the people, I would say. There is no patent. Could you patent the sun?" In 1988 there were an estimated 350,000 cases of poliomyelitis worldwide, in 2018 there were 29 (1). The global initiative to eradicate the disease would not have been possible had the vaccination been for-profit. (1) https://www.who.int/en/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/poliomye... Apples and oranges. That negative MRI result can be just as informative as a positive one. Maybe your XRay gave the doc only 80% confidence in the diagnosis, and the MRI was to rule out a larger issue. Like an engineer, doctors work deductively to rule out potential diagnoses, so all that is left is the correct one. Inductive logic brings in subconscious bias and assumptions. This is like if the whole town is on fire, but you have enough money to pay the fireman to save your house first. Priority access to universal needs shouldn't be given based on personal wealth. I wonder if the people who wrote this line jumping into law qualified for the public or private insurance. NYT isn't conflating race and class here, Jessica Calarco is. Overparenting got me pretty upset with my parents as I got older. My time got so structured and I was shuttled about so much that I felt like I couldn't breathe as I had no personal time and therefore no real agency. When I was home I withdrew to my room and shut the door, as I felt like those few hours at home in my room was the only time I had to myself. I stayed up late, extending those precious hours, and got little sleep as a result. Yet that private time was also to be booked for homework technically, and that suffered as well as it competed with my actual personal interests. I think good parenting is just stability during the early years, and honest advice for the last few. Beyond the top 10 schools in the country, having decent enough grades and ACT should get you into a pretty decent college to start a pretty good career. By college, you certainly understand what is at stake if you get all Cs versus all As, because you are surrounded by peers and the only way to compete with them is through your own agency and discipline, that's something that took me a while to learn and my grades suffered initially. There were a couple families on my street with kids who disappeared to who knows where when the bank foreclosed their homes, yet these kids were some of my good friends and I had a blast hanging out at their houses. At a certain age, you don't pick up on class, especially if you have kids your age. Accidents can happen at any time, you know. Knowing how I was as a kid, seeing those kids ride freely would only breed contempt. When I was able to ride my bike well, my dad printed out a street map of our town to give to me and I explored the shit out of everywhere that I could. Naturally, the first thing I did was ride to the municipal pool across town, but it turns out you can't go very far very quickly on a single speed kids bike. That 10-minute car ride to the pool must have been close to an hour on my bike, so I never really rode that far again! Doesn't seem to be the case in this century Yet everyone uses the roads, schools, and safety paid for by everyone to ultimately get to their advantaged economic position. Healthcare is a public effort just like any of the above, and no one should suffer unequally due to class favoritism being built into public efforts. We shouldn't compromise with people who lack the humanity to see this. I'm in cell biology, and many of the programs used in research these days are run from the command line and are open source and freely available. I don't even have a desktop powerful enough to work with genomic sequencing data, I need to ssh to a supercomputer. There's a lot of documentation so it's really not hard to go from understanding Unix command line syntax to writing short scripts then full on python or Perl with biological examples every step of the way. There are also a lot of very powerful web tools, such as the ucsc genome browser, which are freely available to anyone. Commercial gui-based software is usually sold along with proprietary equipment like a microscope or something, and universally loathed even by people who managed to wrap their heads around it. It's much easier to work with different software from different people or groups if it's all the same syntax, rather than relearning clunky proprietary gui after clunky proprietary gui. It does help you in a real way just as existentially as educating the next generation helps everyone. A healthy population is an economically productive population, and ensuring people get preventative care on time prevents strain on emergency services and saves the whole system money. In fact, this is how private insurance works too, your regular bill pays for other customers services, yet private insurance is somehow not viewed with the same contempt by conservatives. Figures are submitted separately from the text even if you write it in Word. That is because ANYTHING on word beyond typing, italics, underline, and bold causes that. Try importing a citation from something like endnote or Zotero, I have time to take my hands off the keyboard and crack my knuckles before I can get back to typing. They are worse off. News for them is headline deep; no one reads articles from reputable publications for info anymore, they'd rather have a handsome talking face on youtube 'break it down' in 20 minutes what would be a 4 minute nyt article containing the same factual points and none of the wishy-washy 'analysis.' The more you read about the world, the better things stick in your head, the more connections you make, and the more you know. If you leave the critical thinking to some internet celebrity with no incentive to be credible, you end up being coddled from a lot of the news and get basic facts wrong. Are people even plugged into mainstream media, barring talking heads on fox news, cnn, or youtube? Even on reddit, which purpotes to be more informative than a youtube comment section, it is plainly obvious the bulk of the commenters don't read the article beyond the linked headline. There is nothing sinister about repudable publications and their written articles. Fox news doesn't correct their lies when exposed, they double down. Unlike any other journalistic entity that isn't state run. I think it is a little more nuanced. No one takes the tabloids at the grocery store seriously, for instance, and they've been in print forever. But, you'd trust a tabloid story your cousin sent you on facebook to check out. Suddenly you trust that tabloid source since you trust your cousin. When would it flip? The minute after they post? No one will revisit something they posted yesterday. "as president, I will give free lollipops to every boy and girl who votes for me" You still aren't going to be emailing eyewitnesses for their take. Reputable publications correct their factual errors all the time. Reputable publications also fire people who discredit journalism with their behavior. > when has Russia not been an authoritarian state For a brief time during the Yeltsin years where citizens could elect their own state governors, and not have one appointed by the Kremlin. Reputable institutions, not cousin Cathy. Yup, at 55 Savushkina Street in St. Petersberg! How do you even get something cofounded if you have no money? Is it failure mode to have an idea and be poor? Not everyone can afford to take zero pay until their product gets to market and starts generating returns, you still have to feed and shelter yourself and your cofounders which is very costly. That's certainly not ideal. My connection gets dropped all the time just walking around, not to mention going into a building, and carriers aren't incentivized to upgrade their infrastructure to make it more reliable. Why not just go used? I got mine on eBay for under $240 shipped. It was 'B' grade according to the seller, which from what I could determine meant it had literally two scratches on it instead of zero, otherwise the device was flawless. Battery health was 98%. IIRC that phone had a worse battery life than the regular sized device due to the screen. They are in the business of selling things, not deploying software updates, and sales are down. This all assumes that carriers are incentivized to innovate. Automatic aggregation can always be manipulated by advertising, no matter how its served up. Filtering is essential. I think that's argued a little differently. Rain you collect from your roof is water removed from a watershed which has an impact on everything living in that environment. You aren't allowed to burn your trash in your yard and pollute the 'public' air either, for example. My university still has people count by hand twice a shift, a dozen floors of tables. It's hard to beat the benefits of how cheap it is to hand a minimum wage undergrad a $5 mechanical counter and have them get a more precise count in the 20 minutes it takes to do a lap of the building, especially when said undergrad would just be idling at the front desk, on their phone, and still on the clock for those 20 minutes anyway. I find I retain information a lot better if it's printed, and a lot of memory research supports this as well. It is a lot easier to picture a page in a physical book than even a page deliminated format like PDF. I have serious doubts about eye strain being a long term issue especially since current preventative methods for it are literally 'stare at something far away for 20 seconds once an hour.' I mean people have been working full-time jobs staring at a monitor for decades now, and the alarm bells haven't been ringing. To your last point, you can get eyestrain from reading for too long(ask any reader!) This is what happens when all the checks and balances are 'on the same side.' The Republican party is an ideology that demands lockstep participation, every candidate from your county treasurer to the POTUS spouts the exact same half dozen talking points while actual policy positions are deliberately obfuscated. The only time Lindsay Graham and other big GOP names split from the madness of the party is when the optics leave them with no other choice, and they will say the bare minimum. See the half measures given to 'penalize' Rep. King. What you've been reading has been a gross mischaracterization on the issues. Less than one half of one percent of border patrol agents surveyed by the Senate Homeland Security committee want a wall (1), and that's because a wall won't change the situation. It is well known that the overwhelming majority of illegal immigrants arrived by legal means through a port of entry and overstayed their visa. It is also well known that immigrant populations in the united states commit less crime per capita than native born populations. The whole idea of the wall has been around since Mexico declared independence from Spain, and has long been rooted in racism and fear, not fact or data (2) 1. https://www.nytimes.com/2019/01/05/us/politics/donald-trump-... 2. https://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/news/nation-world/ct-me... Is there data for that? Anecdotally, I was thinking about buying a gaming PC recently. Every single thread you find on reddit about PC gaming starts with 'don't buy pre built.' It is engrained in the gaming community at this point that pre-built wastes money to the tune of hundreds of dollars, and PCs aren't all that difficult to put together. As it stands $500-700 gets you 1080p gaming thats better looking than current gen consoles; this is the entry level and its already several notches above APU. I see what you are getting at, but I think what the other comments are saying is that for the third nucleotide position of a given codon, it does not matter which nucleotide this is. The amino acid to be used would only depend on the first two nucleotides, while the third nucleotide can be AUCG. Actually, the supply of unskilled labor is too low. On agriculture, large corporate farms like Tyson Foods can afford to invest in automation to deal with the lack of labor supply (1), however, many employers of unskilled labor do not have the resources that Tyson Foods does. Limiting immigration has never been good for the economy (2). When farmers cannot hire enough people to harvest a crop, the field goes fallow, and the farm folds. 1. https://www.nytimes.com/2018/11/20/us/farmworkers-immigrant-... 2. https://www.nytimes.com/2018/09/02/business/trump-legal-immi... Being the adults in the room is not setting 5.6 billion dollars (and the projections for the entire project are well north of that in total) on fire to appease a mob. The project is a shakedown, that 5.6 billion dollars will go straight into a private contractors pocket for absolutely no reason other than to appeal to bigoted logic. How much will Trump and private sector lobbies ask for next year? Do you pay ransomeware? Think about the mechanics of how a wall might even work, the logic isn't really there to even invest in it. The only way a wall would be a practical deterrent would be if someone didn't even know it was there. One rope and you are on the other side. You'd still need border patrol to monitor the wall just like if there wasn't one. On top of that, the landscape is wide. Wouldn't it be far far cheaper to just fly a drone, maybe even with AI, and scan miles of desert at a time for anything that isn't miles of desert, and have a border patrol agent show up with a pickup truck? Because wall or not, you are gonna have to fly a drone or have that same border patrol agent cover the same area anyway to see if there's anyone crossing that stretch of desert to begin with. For illegal immigrants vs. native born population, it still holds true that the immigrant population has a lower crime rate (1). 1. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2019/01/11/us/politics/t... The relevant data does exist, it's actually in this article (1). Once again, even undocumented immigrants have a lower crime rate than native born citizens. 1. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2019/01/11/us/politics/t... If the bar is netflix's $12, then 3 bucks better get me 1 week, call it 40 hours of content. I'd be much more eager to watch a bunch of different shows and spend a lot more money than if I had to pay $2.99 or whatever to rent a movie on itunes/amazon. TV on DVD was just as bad. You can also rent DVDs and Blu ray for free from the library, and if your branch doesn't have it you can have it shipped in. I wouldn't call that consumer hostile, I'd call it a shitty roku app. HBO go is old school. They aren't going to autoplay bullshit the minute you are trying to think of that movie you were meaning to watch. Their XBOX app looks like it's from 2009, just simple bread and butter search + categories + watchlist. Bulletproof. I wish there was one reference manager that wasn't so clunky and convoluted, and I've about tried them all now. Has sampling bias been ruled out? With people more open to discussing public mental health in recent years, certainly more people have been seeking treatment and diagnoses have probably improved. I would assume historical data strongly under sampled people with mental health issues due to the great stigma and misunderstandings about these diseases. What does that make me with phone + laptop? A dinosaur? I don't think there's any benefit to have all a users comments public facing. Sure have age+points to vet flame accounts, but why should I be able to see everything you've ever written in one click? It is intrusive and also devoid of the contexts of the discussions. A couple of my friends in the CSE program (not at texas though) had to take on a 5th year due to the poor scheduling. Doesn't help that you have to apply to the program after you are already a freshman, so if you bomb a tough math or physics class your first semester you are set back pretty far and have to build up your GPA to even get into the major. Yet we are on a U.S. based website talking about a U.S. company and its American workforce and a story published in a U.S. newspaper, so we will stick with the common convention and not go on semantics tangents. >Journalism is dead. Last I checked the NYT, WaPo, WSJ, The New Yorker, and The Atlantic were all still in print, publishing good reliable content. Go to reddit, go to any other forum, go to anywhere on the internet where people discuss other websites, and you will find the same sentiment regarding buzzfeed. Buzzfeed even gets poked fun of in Bojack Horseman, although not by direct name. For a while it was like a meme how low effort their listacles were, and it will probably take a new name to divorce that image from the branding. >Have one editor And publish only 4 things a day at that rate. More editors = more edits per day = more publications per week = more eyes on ads. Not retaliating at workers. Not being in the business of more efficient murder. Not paying smart people a lot of money to ensure as little profit possible goes towards public use. Part of the huge effect power from all the social media propaganda was how people view this junk as legitimate when it was posted by a friend or family vs. a cold monolithic organization filled with, in Sarah Palin's infamous words, "the liberal media elite." I bet people would walk right past a headline in a tabloid at the grocery store, knowing its BS, but would repost the same exact story if Aunt Karen shared it on facebook. Brakelights lead to brakelights which leads to parking lots on the highway. Most people really only need to let off the throttle and coast, but its either throttle or braking for some people while driving. There is an excellent youtube video on this (won't be able to look it up until later) but researchers had people drive at constant speed in a circle in a parking lot. Little by little, people bunched closer and closer, and once people started hitting brake lights it became stop and go. With 12 people driving in a small circle. Your due diligence to research and drive change if needed. As a consequence of people entering the program at different times, required classes and electives are a blood sport to schedule. Some courses are only offered in fall or spring with a prerequisite class to be completed to schedule, so you could have to literally wait and sit with a very light schedule for a semester because you were a half semester off the 4 year trajectory, or the class was full and you have to wait until it's offered again. This ultimately wastes a lot of your time at college. I bet if scheduling was completely painless and not constrained around classes with a waitlist double the size of the class, and you could take your required classes any semester you'd like, people could get the CSE degree in 3 years and save quite a lot on tuition. You are correct, it is pretty heinous that we are all beholden to paying the war industry vast sums of money. Is it really worth it to spend millions on missiles that notoriously miss their targets? Wouldn't a very small trained team of operators be much better and far cheaper at safely eliminating a threat than blowing up an entire apartment complex from a desk hundreds of miles away with a missile that costs more than everything in that town? In August, Saudi Arabia fired a missile that killed 40 school children (1), probably one of the many weapons they bought from the US. I'm sure that missile that ended their lives cost 1000x more than whatever school building they were bussing to when they became the latest victims of geopolitical theater. At which point do you realize you are engineering more and more expensive and advanced ways of killing for the sake of skimming personal profit for executives and investors out of public budgets? If I worked for one of these companies, I don't think I could live with myself with that huge guilt, knowing my great efforts lead directly to further destabilizing the world and ending peoples lives. I'm not comfortable using my skills to perfect ending peoples lives. That isn't innovation, that isn't advancement, that is regression. Raytheon is the barbarian blowing up the neighborhood, not a Yemeni schoolkid. 1. https://edition.cnn.com/2018/08/13/middleeast/yemen-children... It definitely depends on the school, while you can direct admit to engineering, you are still not in the CSE major yet. If a prof let someone in a class because they 'expressed interest' over the 50 people in purgatory on the waitlist, there'd be protests at my campus. Classes fill to fire code room capacity. Honors scheduling is big though, but there are a lot of people in honors as well so it isn't always guaranteed. For every new hire two people have to be fired or quit. >the majority I really wonder if that is the case. Here are some numbers from popular adblockers on the chrome extension store: "Adblocker for Chrome - NoAds" - 6,545,443 users "AdGuard AdBlocker" - 5,611,340 users "Adblocker Genesis Plus" - 236,373 users "Fair AdBlocker" - 1,922,094 users "Adblock Plus - free ad blocker" - 10,000,000+ users (Google stopped counting, apparently, but their page description boasts over 500m users) "Ublock origin" - 10,000,000+ users These are all huge numbers of people who are going out of their way to install software to never see an ad on the internet. There are probably many more people who share the same disdain for ads but don't know about adblockers, and there is likely a chunk of users who might not care very much either way. I think it's safe to say that the proportion of people who genuinely appreciate targeted advertising on the internet is pretty small. Fine, 30b in his bank account and 120b in his portfolio. All of that money was at one point in a consumers pocket and now sits removed from the wider economy in one of Jeff Bezos accounts for the sole purpose of furthering future growth of these accounts by further extraction of money out of the wider economy. Only the largest publications can afford or have the clout to have experts writing their stories. I don't trust WiRED to write a biology article, but with a big story NYT will reach out to a professor in the field and publish their input on the topic, for instance. More likely: "Hey journalist #213, there is this movie coming out about the boer war and it should be a hit. Why don't you and #214 and #215 get together in the conference room and research and write some articles about it. People will probably read it." "sure thing, chief." repeat each publisher. What is more parsimonious, someone writing context pieces for ad views ahead of a known impending cultural event, or some big bad advertising conspiracy trying to inception you into watching a movie about the boer war. There is always western bias. You are in the U.S., with your U.S. perspective, probably reading a piece by someone with a U.S. perspective. How can you possibly write accurately about Malaysia if you've never grown up there, don't know the social customs, don't know what people do there, don't know the slang, don't have friends or relatives there, never had a job there, never went to school there, never eaten the food there, never cooked the food there, etc. Bias exists because you can't possibly write about something you have no perspective on, and you can't find a good writer with relevant perspective on every single event in the world; there will never be unbiased news because it is impossible to get perspective on every event. NYT and WaPo have weekly (daily too) newsletters that you can just have a rule move to a folder and check once a month. How do you apply discrete metrics to topics that people value differently? Generated value for whom? The size of amazon? To be put to good use figuring out more ways to eavesdrop information for advertising? They aren't going to pay their workers who piss in bottles any more if they beat earnings, although the shareholders might have some big ticket purchases in mind. It is still money removed from consumers pockets and used to inflate the company, and only very few people in the company benefit from that ballooning. There is an entire subreddit devoted to people falling for onion headlines on social media. I'm sure amazon does provide value to it's customers, but it was at the expense of consuming and destroying local small business economies where the profit would have stayed and been spent there, not in Seattle, not on exotic mansions and watercraft, not on the latest Echo endeavor that may or may not ever come to fruition. Just as Nestle bottles water from local aquifers and sells that water elsewhere outside of that watershed, eventually depleting the aquifer, Amazon takes local wages away from the economy and either sits on this pile of cash or on lavish compensation for the few at the top of the company. Aren't the majority of users on iOS or unrooted android? All the issues stem from new populations of users contributing to the site, not a top down change. Reddit 5+ years ago was a different place because it was a much smaller place. The heavily moderated academic subs are great (/r/askhistorians and the ilk), but massive subs like /r/science are filled with clickbait headlines written by people who haven't read the literature or understood it's broader importance ("x in carrots can target tumor cells" -frontpage upvotes, yet published in a crap journal, or anything ctrl-f CRISPR). Many comments on these articles are only informed by these partially-true-well-not-quite headlines, yet they sail to the tops of threads. Maybe some of the CS subs are better in quality, that's not my field, but the only biology sub I've found where technically trained people regularly post and comment has only like 50k subscribers and posts reach the top with 100 votes. There are also browser extensions that force the redirect everytime. I haven't seen the redesign since it was released. iirc they have an age limit, like the topic must be 15+ years old or something. 'He' is probably a small team of people using that account to repost paid content. There are dozens of massive accounts like this, I wish I had a comprehensive list to filter them all without going through user history one by one. Every couple of years I reread Siddhartha by Herman Hesse. It is a short read, but it really grounds me and I always interpret it slightly differently based on what is going on in my life. For some journals part of the submission process waives your personal copyright. That percent changes by field. This is because most researchers don't see the paywall with their proxies, it is the institution or company that they work under that deals with these fees. It will be hard to recruit faculty who get grant money to fund the school if Elsevier has banned your campus IP addresses. That won't fly in every journal. If you email any author I guarantee they will send you a PDF of the paper. I guarantee anyone enrolled or alumni with credentials at Columbia and NYU can log into just about any journal on the school network on campus or with the school proxy anywhere in the world. Laymen aren't going to be reading from these journals, they are really too technical to be informative. It's like having people without CS knowledge read through your source code and saying "Boom. Open source." By the time you explain someone the necessary conceptual ideas to understand these dense papers, you will be basically giving them a B.S. in biology. The real crime with these journals is that it can cost thousands to have the privilege of your paper published. That's thousands that could have been spent on more reagents, equipment, or salaries to do even more science. Instead, you pay the toll troll, and you lost another x% of your grant earmarked by the government to do science. There is always a market for a lawyer that will say "Sure, I'll do that." I'd have every echo on earth fire up at 6am and blare the message loud and clear, so as not to have any confusion. It is true in every city in the U.S. I don't think anyone makes their friends bumping into people around town. You need common context and regular interaction to make friends. Just follow people you personally know. I've seen good comparisons between instagram and sears catalogues. Look at any business in your town that you haven't read a headline for, and it is probably a private company where the CEO/founder/boss just keeps the ship upright and the staff paid. One of my friends growing up had a family business like this, it was a company that, from what I gleamed, just melted different grades of steel and rolled it back up according to customer specifications. His grandpa started it, and his dad runs the day to day. It has a staff of maybe 50 people in the whole factory so everyone knows each others family pretty well. There was a very similar reaction years ago when Conde Nast bought reddit about how things would now be censored by the corporate overlord and the platform would be inundated by ads and sponsored posts pushed to the top just like what happened with Digg. It never happened and the outrage came to pass. As an aside: how does reddit look like a good investment for tencent? The size of the site alone? I bet 9/10 reddit users use an adblocker, and even top top comments and posts from massive subreddits might only be guilded a couple times. It is pretty annoying when you find that thread with the exact knowledge to solve that exact question you've been struggling with only to find that everything has been wiped from the record. It harkens back to "BANDWIDTH EXCEEDED" messages that crippled the usefulness of old forum threads. It doesn't even benefit whoever deleted the comment, it isn't all that difficult to find a cached version of the site with the comment. If we value internet discussion as something beyond just spouting into the void, and as something useful to other people, then we wouldn't be erasing public facing comments after the fact like an anti-intellectual despot. What's the point? wayback machine exists... That is the idea behind the lab notebook (what was done) + journal (what was thought) system that people are supposed to be following. We only know about Gregor Mendel because of his meticulous notebooks, for instance. My boss taught me the easiest way to write a paper is to start writing it before your first experiment, references and all; it's a great way to find weaknesses in your approach before you go too far in one direction or another. The problem is people get lazy documenting everything, especially when you are trying to leave the lab as fast as possible at the end of the day :) There is still a much lower acceptance rate at a good journal than a bad journal that might accept anything and everything that is to the page limit. You might still get a faulty paper of course, but large journals have the benefit of choosing. Shutting down servers or stealing credit card info certainly has a cost Neither are public companies. You don't need to follow geopolitics very closely to see the piss poor optics of having any association with Saudi Arabia. >everybody else keeps their advantage and you lose yours. In the eyes of a despot, the regime gains control and the masses loose coordination. The last thing they want is communication. Why hire a contractor with the same skill set over an employee with the same skill set? Why the pushback on a reddit account? You don't need to post or comment. You also don't need an account if you want to whitelist with the RES extension instead: https://redditenhancementsuite.com/ Technology companies matured into consumer hostile mammoths, no room for small competition anymore. Build something just good enough to sell off to a big guy and move on. It would be impossible for the events leading to myspace/facebook/reddit to happen again today. Back to yellow cab, the bastion of human rights. Trees don't stop growing. Trees also die, fall to the forest floor, and a % of the carbon is released as CO2 during decomposition but the remaining % is retained as soil. The coal we mine to burn is from the retained % of ancient forests. The oil we drill to burn is from the retained % of algae and plankton that ended up trapped under rock and essentially pressure cooked into oil. Those tens or hundreds of thousands of Amazon employees have more clout than tens or hundreds of thousands of a random distribution of citizens. If that is the case, Slack should want to maximize features, even to the point of excess redundancy, so users can tailor their business product to the specific needs of their business. People don't work productively being boxed into one way of doing something, people work best if they are free to find their own ideal way of doing that thing or are able to tailor the product to the unique tasks they work on. Think of all the different code editors developers use. Some are straightforward, some have a steep learning curve, yet the good ones are good because users can customize them toward their own personal preferences. Would they not leave a voicemail for something as pressing as a kidney transplant? The vast majority of these calls don't go to my voicemail, and the two a month that do are easily picked up by voicemail transcription. That would require cost sunk into innovative engineering, while the business model of telecoms is stasis at best and anticonsumer practices at worse. I find they very rarely leave a voicemail message, and voicemail transcription has been a boon for the few that hang on the line. Are there any reasons to register windows 10, besides being able to change your desktop background? AFAIK the "this copy of windows is not genuine" message is benign. Famous people endorsing snake oil has been a thing since famous people and snake oil, instagram is just the latest way to serve it up. Everything presented in 1-2 hours will be selective in what it shows and what it leaves out. Documentaries are really just primers on a topic; it is up to you to further the information you've just received into a meaningful perspective. That being said, there is a stark contrast between the "How its made/Modern Marvels" type of documentary and the "Ancient Aliens" type of documentary. It could be as simple as FuckJerry having two things in hand: 1) footage and access to insiders 2) the failure of the festival making headlines and probably getting more attention than if it went off without a hitch The logical solution isn't to just sit on these two things and write the whole project off as a loss, it would be to try and make at least some revenue off of the whole thing. I think any business in their position would have done the same. It is an entertainment piece, not a historical report after all. LIC realty investment was free money even before amazon's announcements. Taxes from 25,000 making low six figures pales in comparison to the incentives handed to the corporation. What is a better investment for NY, handing 3b to amazon, putting 3b directly into the rail system, or putting 3b in an investment fund and making use of the dividends? I'm not sure, but I can't help but think that if amazon figures 3b is a good deal for them, then it is an irresponsible use of public funds to enrich large % shareholders of amazon rather than having that public money 100% go to public use. Amazon isn't in it to improve LIC or NY, they are in it to raise their share price at the end of the day and wouldn't care less if Queens burned to the ground and sunk into the east river as long as earnings reports remained positive. I mean the only reason why you save a lot more money now is because your current lower paying job had a better negotiated salary. You could have just as easily gotten a job with less take home pay in Omaha than in NY. I think there is something to be said about early career people rushing to NY and not realizing how much 80k really is, though. Schools should really have a class for all majors that just goes over how you calculate and compare cost of living and put a price on benefits, including the intangible benefits like having other employers you could move laterally among without planning to uproot and go 1000 miles away. Not all of those 25k jobs are highly paid tech workers. There will still be highly paid workers living there as they do now, commuting to Manhattan. Take Columbus, one of the other contenders for Amazon's bachelor-like charade, with 850,000 people living there. 25k jobs would have been a bigger deal. If you compare 25k jobs to NYC's population of over 8 million, it would be proportional to adding ~2.5k jobs to Columbus, not all of which are tech workers making 6 figures. It's a drop in the bucket for NYC, especially considering Amazon already has thousands of workers in NY and will likely reach that 25k figure in time without needing billions in concessions. Sports facilities are a shared multi use venue that a city could make use of for decades. Amazon can and would move their staff whenever they want, and all the subsidies given to them just to have their people sit in Queens for 8 hours a day would be pissed away. At Chic Fil A, they scrape off the breading from unused filets and chop it into chicken salad. When I worked there back in high school, no employee dared to eat that chicken salad. It is. Corporate social media accounts are for advertising. Landlords and realtors raise the price of housing, not government. There are a lot of industries where if you aren't at work before and after the boss is and aren't there 50+ hours and promptly answering calls and emails all weekends, you will not ever be promoted. A lot of my friends in finance are going through an existential crisis due to the weight that this mandatory brown nosing has on their well being, despite the decent pay. A lot of them feel trapped in their job, that they can't transition to a better industry with a better culture without basically resetting the last five years of their careers with no guarantees of making it back through the rat race, or that it will be culturally any different at all. Everyone still names their crap like this. "Dell Optiplex 7010" or "Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060 GTI RTX ETC ETC" gives me absolutely zero information about the product other than what to google. Is it, though? I run through my FB notifications once a month or so to see if my parents tagged me in something, and that's about all my interaction with it since early college. I just got too busy with class and later work to sit there and scroll through the news feed, which takes a lot longer to do these days with all the reposting of advertisement and clickbait. I stay in touch with people by texting/groupchats/calls and email for professional relationships, and I don't feel like I'm missing out on anything at all. I do use snapchat pretty often, but I'm only friends on there with people I actually met and I only really interact with smaller groupchats of my close friends. I never look at the third party content in the app. It is an excellent outlet for when I gotta show my friends how this asshole parked halfway up the curb, or how my cat is bouncing off the walls, or brief highlights from late night shenanigans. All temporary and fleeting, and I'm really just hoping my friends snort a little more air out of their nostril and smirk when they see it, nothing more. Probably not the type of engagement that Snap has in mind, so we will see how long the app is tolerable. Someone who knows that car will never be worth less than 51 million again. It is not a difficult problem, ban the bots from St. Petersburg, not the god damn NYT. They risk life and limb for the betterment of the community, I think they deserve 6 figures more than a techworker at facebook if you wanted to get moral about it. I think the bigger part is the type of jobs. In a career job, you work on your projects at whatever rate you work, so if you come in a little late it only really bites your free time. If you came in late at a restaurant or hospital, they'd be short staffed and screwed. It's probably my plugin settings, but I regularly run into issues logging into random websites like for bank or credit cards on firefox. You input your credentials into the log in window, and absolutely nothing happens when you hit login. For these websites, I'm still shackled to chrome. Apple used to let you do this exactly with the iPod. seatguru >Nowadays a lot of people are only available via SMS, and I don't have the patience to type out long messages there. Whether its from school or work, everyone has an email address that they must check regularly. Anything longer than a three sentence text I'll just email. Who are you in contact with? Tech workers with enough autonomy to fall off the map without consequence? I can't think of anyone I know who doesn't get critical emails that require a reply. You'd fail college without checking emails. You won't get hired if you don't check your emails. You'd get fired from my job without checking emails. You'd fall out of touch with collaborators in the field without checking emails. Who are these people who refuse to check emails, and what do they possibly do that gives them this privilege of avoiding the most basic and fundamental electronic communication? It seems just absurd to me. These services never went away. I browse reddit and HN through their RSS feeds almost exclusively. I'm in the same boat. Hardly using the site really shows how poor it has become. I'll pop in once a month to 50+ 'notifications,' only to find 48 of them will be "Josh posted a photo" or "Jake liked a post" despite that setting to turn off friend activity notifications turned off. I don't even bother with scrolling through the feed. Why should I? It is in no particular sort, I frequently scroll over the same five posts, and somehow every third post is an advertisement now. It would take hours now to 'catch up' just from all the pollution you have to sift through to see actual original content posted by your friends directly. I used to be able to run through the news feed in like 5-10 minutes back when it was chronological and sponsored content was not passed around the site like a venereal disease. Why even bother now? iMessage is only popular because it functions exactly the same as SMS on an iphone aside from the color of your chat bubble, and the software defaults to it over SMS. If Apple separated iMessage and SMS into two apps, it would have failed. Engineers should be required to take a full-assed ethics course during undergrad. The only reason why the Internet Research Agency and similar propaganda machines are staffed with people and not a well designed AI is that people are far cheaper and more flexible in what they can do. Training and retraining an AI takes time and a large dataset which takes time to build, and time is money. You do know this one imgur blog isn't the only source of this information, right? Big difference between a poorly glued shoe, a crappy keyboard, and 150+ dead per crash. People love catastrophe and ignore larger problems all the time. During the 2017-2018 flu season, almost a million people were hospitalized and ~80,000 people died from the disease (1), a record high and a huge burdon on healthcare for everyone sick or not, yet we aren't getting 2-3 threads a day on influenza popping up on HN like we are with these 150 or so tragic deaths. Maybe part of it is who died. In the case of this flight, it was people affluent enough to afford jet travel. The news is filled with stories of their lives cut short and the tragedy of it all. In the case of deaths from the flu, it is often the old and those in poor health like the homeless who die from the disease, an invisible population for most people. We wont be seeing any articles in national news documenting the lives of those 80,000. 1. https://www.cdc.gov/flu/about/burden/2017-2018.htm Any apple laptop video out for the past 15 years? I think the most real reason is that it's hard to develop a targeted ad profile of a user who is doing everything in their power to make sure this particular interest of theirs is isolated from every other aspect of their life. It's just not a productive use of ad money. I bet the most downloaded apps these days are ground up cross platform and identical on every platform, e.g. steam, spotify, and web browsers. Relying on proprietary apple features that you have to clumsily port over to another OS would waste a lot of your time as a dev. You'd probably do your best troubleshooting on a cheap, under powered hackintosh than a model year macbook pro, to be honest. Practically speaking, they were mostly an apple only liability. Go to any podium with an apple laptop made before retina when they finally caught up with the worldand stuck an HDMI port in the macbook pro, and you will find the DVI/VGA/HDMI cable that everyone uses, and no way to plug in your macbook if you forgot your 3" dongle. During presentations in undergrad, everyone with a macbook had to email themselves or use a flash drive to bum someone's better endowed laptop to hook up to the projector, because no one ever accounted that they would need a $30 dongle to use the video out on their $1500 laptop. IT started buying these miniDVI or whatever dongles for the podiums, but they wouldn't stay put for very long in the lecture halls. I will admit I have a burner gmail for account signups with like 18k unread messages, but I've resigned that email to the advertising spam dogs a decade ago. Are they in college? You need it for college, your school email is the only official way for academic communication. Professors aren't going to contact you seriously on any other platform beyond office hours, because they literally aren't allowed. You can't control those walls though. With email, you can craft the most convoluted rules and sure it's not always clear how to get a rule to do what you want, but you have total power in building up your own walled garden to your personal preferences, not whatever preferences are studied to get the most ad revenue and waste the most amount of your time without wasting so much that you get frustrated and leave the platform. I also have a burner gmail for account sign ups, but it's not hard to regain control of your inbox and direct people to use a email you regularly check. I bet you have an email listed on your resume, after all. A good rule is to look for "unsubscribe" in the body of the email, and throw those emails into a containment folder. If you ever wanted to scroll through those and unsubscribe one by one, it will be easier to do so, or you can just ignore those emails since they will now be isolated from your inbox. Set up a rule to find "unsubscribe" in the body and push the email out of your inbox and into a folder or your junk/spam. Advertisers hate this one weird trick! You can follow virtually anything on RSS still. Blogs, every biology journal that I know of, pubmed or google scholar search term RSS feeds (super useful, can be a topic, journal, even author), subreddits, HN, youtube channels, twitter, email newsletters (kill the newsletter), the list goes on and on and there are even services to turn things that don't have RSS feeds into an RSS feed (like kill the newsletter). My workflow is have things categorized in inoreader and push interesting articles to pocket (or just open the HN/reddit thread). No paywall, and no ads. There's never been a better time to follow RSS feeds. Your discovery would be from either your own search engine cleverness derived from spotting a topic in your articles, or directly shared to you by what you follow, like good topics in HN. NYT and LA times are both really good at sharing content from other newspapers, magazines, blogs, and other sources in their newsletters (which I follow via an atom feed from kill the newsletter). Facebook, twitter, youtube, and the ilk are all pretty poor at discovery, to be honest. Discovery to the decision makers at these platforms is more towards manipulating into more and more advertising engagement than any knowledge dissemination. Getting to El Segundo is tough, and will be improved in a couple of years, but when you worked in Culver City you could have taken the red to expo line, it would be a little over an hour on that route, depending on how close you are to the stations. The Japanese will come here and also have to deal with the hugely inflated prices of land and material acquisition. Everyone in the path of this project or a potential vendor all up and down the line is eager to profiteer and jack up the cost no matter who is engineering it. We need to keep large government projects far away from contractors because like every large government project involved with the private sector in history, costs will rise and rise and rise until people have had enough and the project is scaled back and/or killed. Otherwise, costs will rise until they hit that point, because as a contractor for the government, you have zero incentive not to profiteer. You can't rent an uber XL? Point to point is by definition wasteful. Look at how goods are moved around the globe: it's always hub and spoke because that's what works best rather than an infinite number of dedicated routes. Walk on foot, bike, skateboard, take a bird or lime to a hub and you remove a ton of engineering headaches. You could have the hub to hub route be completely isolated from traffic and pedestrians and many of the highly publicized issues with self driving cars would be eliminated with zero engineering required. But lets keep wasting time and effort figuring out how to make an uber you don't have to talk to during your ride instead. In the midwest you still see people clad head to toe in goretex waterproof gear biking to work in a blizzard. Doesn't matter how the weather is if you've prepared for it. Portland, OR You know there are cities in Europe as well, right? You see plenty of families with kids making it work on public transportation. I wouldn't have seen very much baseball growing up without the train. So why not buy the car seats then rent an uber XL? Social isolation is everything. In a city not only are there a lot of existing things to do, a restaurant or bar might only be around for a couple years if it's bad and the commercial space is in demand, so a new exciting thing comes to fill the space rather than a "for lease" sign for decades like you'd see in a sparse area. Take a look at a typical suburb. Where do you even walk? Sometimes the complexes wind and wind a mile or two before you hit the exit of the suburb, a 45 mph road with no sidewalks. Then it's another 2-3 miles until you hit the strip mall, then 500yds of parking lot before you hit the door of the apple bees. There's not even any greenery to enjoy, all the woods have been clear cut for housing or agriculture; living at low density like that scars the environment for miles. I'd take dial up and packages available in 40 days to ensure I'm at a safe arms length from suburban bleakness. Not every job can be remote if people need shared equipment or resources. There's a lot of intangible benefits to having everyone working nearby. I get a lot of help from people just because they are nearby and I can ask them a question about something or their advice, and I think that alone outweighs for me being able to sit on my couch in sweatpants with my laptop. The solution is to bite the bullet and build the rails. They didn't build highways to already existing suburbs in the valley or where wildfires have been roasting for 100s of years; those things popped up because the land was empty and the highway made building possible. If you build the rails and zone the area by the rail for density, a developer looking to drop a 15 story apartment is going to want to put it by the rail. Even better if you nix the rule about having to build parking if they build close enough to the rail. You can't do anything without the rail being built first. That was already happening. It was called red lining, and it meant as a bank you'd only approve loans for black families if they lived within the red line drawn by the bank on the map denoting the designated black neighborhood. Banks would also do something called blockbusting. They'd send panicked pamphlets to white people in urban neighborhoods, alerting them of black people moving into their neighborhoods and the damage that this could cause on their home value (the only asset many people had at this time). Now suburbs were being built because in 1946, suddenly there were millions of young men with a huge government subsidy to buy a house. Banks would not approve mortgages for black people in these areas, so they became predominantly white. And as a white person you are happy to be in the suburbs where you are free of all the perceived fears from decades of racially charged propaganda, and surrounded by people who also have a white boy and a white girl, a new ford, a dog and a cat, and who go to the same protestant church. It was sold as a utopia, and in the case of Detroit, white people bought that narrative so hard the city lost 1.5m from its tax base and collapsed in fewer decades than it took to grow as a metropolis in the first place. To date, Detroit has lost over 60% of is population from its all time high in 1950. Banks would send black children to the homes of white people with pamphlets saying things like "you know who is moving in," warning about an imminent decline in property values due to black people moving in. Banks would come in after the pamphlets with agents who would low ball these white-owned houses, then flip them for profit by charging black people huge prices for the very same homes. It was entirely rooted in racism, no way about it. Sprawl exists because its cheaper to build 100 houses on 20 acres of empty land than it is to build a 100 unit apartment in an urban environment. The only sound the developer cares about is the sound of trees being cleared for more land and the sound of someones check clearing for a new build. I don't think there is a single good app that handles both. Mendeley has its own issues aside from being paid, and the PDF viewer feels subpar compared to even Preview. I have zotero just push new files to a dropbox folder and that can be accessed everywhere. Mental blocks aside there are still plenty of physical blocks with using a tablet. I can't imagine if iOS was my only OS, I'd feel pretty trapped and constrained compared to basically complete freedom on mac OS. How is a laptop any worse? You gotta hold the tablet upright or prop it up with a flimsy case-stand whereas the laptop just sits upright and has all the features and more, unless you like to jab at the screen with your greasy thumb. Back in the day when laptops were 7lbs and lasted 2hr on charge with a sub 1080p screen and worse speakers than your phone, I could see it, but macbooks are 2lbs now and last 10hrs. No streaming service is going to give you video that's not compressed, wiping the benefits of that fancy screen, and apple wants the soul of your first born if you want enough local storage to store large video files. Which reads "New iPad air and iPad mini" The reason why apple doesn't want it is because it would cannibalize iPad sales. The reason why I don't want it is because it would either jack up the price of the macbook, or result in other components being worse to keep the price point the same. Only a matter of time before they solder the RAM in the imac like they did in the macbook. They will sell you a brand new macbook air with 128gb of storage that you can't upgrade. I can't even back up my phone with that. They literally don't care at all. They aren't buying iMacs, either. I work at one of the largest unis in the US and everything is dell optiplex from the libraries, to the lecture halls, to the research labs, and the hospitals. The only iMacs I've seen are requested specifically by faculty for their office, or are 10 years old in some windowless back room hooked up to a random microscope running snow leopard. That being said, I've never set foot near any art buildings so I don't know what happens in there regarding their machines. Soldering in the RAM amounts to apple resorting to extortion. Where else are you gonna get this RAM other than paying the toll troll hundreds of dollars over what it should cost solely because apple greedily removed alternatives. By far the biggest annoyance with firefox on mobile is that when you open the browser, are presented with all your tabs, and a toolbar which only searches your open tabs rather than just being a toolbar that you can type in a website, or a search term, or also search amongst your open tabs. Absolutely terrible on the xbox. It seems like the trailers they shove down my throat are playing at explosion-level volume rather than voice-level volume; back to the blaring TV ad problem again. I have to frantically hit the search bar just to have a few moments to take a deep breath and actually think about what I want to watch. Looking for a specific thing is such a pain. Is it on netflix? Nope. 2 minutes loading the prime video app. Is it on there? Yeah, 3.99 for the privilege of streaming for a couple days. 2 minutes checking hulu. Nope. 2 minutes loading the HBOGO app. Not there either. Turns out, it was on showtime, the one service I don't have access to. If its not there I'll pirate without hesitation. The only inconvenience is the time it takes to drag my laptop to the HDMI cable on the TV. It's a very important mechanism to have even if you have 2 employees. Being able to collectively bargain empowers workers at companies at any size, and mitigates retaliation that could happen to individual workers who attempt to bring up grievances. Modern reactors produce very little waste. It's a non issue, the technology is here and we can build them today, it just takes decades to recoup investment and no shareholder will consent to margins that slim. We need collective solutions, not individual displays of wealth and awareness like a 40k tesla you take from home to work with 3 empty seats. I saw elsewhere in the thread that 1 bus = 33 cars in terms of congestion savings. Projects like the hyperloop seem vain and childish in comparison. It would be trivial for tesla to design a bus and they already have the ear of LA city hall to dig a half assed tunnel. Musk could make a real name for himself if he helps to convert the second largest bus fleet in North America into EVs. "The Holy Bible" was the first editorialized clickbait title Lets not speak to soon until we see this gen at adult age. The self censor in the past was that college admissions will dig for your social media pages. I remember in high school people changed their names on Facebook until they were accepted to their colleges. One kid at another local school got an offer rescinded over a tweet even back then. Once these kids got their first jobs after college, then my feed was a deluge of psuedoscience, political bait, and multi level marketing, all of which these same people would have avoided posting during highschool out of fear of consequence, and now that they are employed adults there are seemingly no repercussions, to them at least. People have been sharing wallet photos of their kids for generations now, no one has a problem with that because you are basically saying "here's what my kid looks like these days" or "didn't he look like uncle dave in this picture? same nose," all very benign and also maintaining the kids privacy on their daily life, their feelings, and embarrassments and failures that can be so demoralizing when you are a kid. When you start religiously blogging your child's daily life, I'd say you have an unhealthy obsession toward social validation and it's unfair to your kid to use them to further your obsession. Why build a home server and sit every family member down to teach them how to ssh and ftp when you can just have a dropbox/icoud/onedrive/etc that is already plug and play and out of the way of the user? You take a photo and it's on icloud immediately and synced to every account and machine. It would be great to have your own home server and be off the grid or whatever but that's just a tall order for a lot of people's computer skills, and if you start selling these theoretical easy to use home servers and dominate the market suddenly you wake up and you are also the big bad dropbox/icloud/onedrive/etc central entity. Even Kevin Durant has burner twitter handles for flaming. When Facebook first became a thing you only added people you knew, rejecting friend requests from people you didn't, so it didn't feel as weird to share a group photo from your birthday party. When I first joined the site I really only added my friends and acquaintances from school, I wouldn't even add relatives unless they were around my age. I just can't get over the fact that people are dropping $160 ($199 now) to get the same earbuds they've been shipping with every iPhone (unless Apple took that out of the box too), but without a wire. Does my wire get snagged and the earbud falls out? Sure it does, but that probably happens to me once every 6 months and that doesn't get me pissed off enough to hand apple $160. Airpods don't come without their costs, too. You loose that super handy control/microphone on the wire, you have one more thing to keep charged, and in 2 years when the battery shits you have to pony up $50 per ear to replace them. I still use the headphones that came with my iPhone 5, seven years later. >Are there any tips to make the batteries last longer? Extend battery life by substituting them with wired earpods when possible. With the old wired ones you can also play/pause/skip/change volume/use a mic/whisper your fantasies to siri/etc. I mean all you really get with these is not having to deal with 2.5' of wire, at the cost of having to charge them and the whole $160 business Count to 5. That's how long it just took me to coil wired earbuds. Probably the same amount of time to pull the tic tac box out of your pocket, flip the lid, put them in one by one, and shut the lid back up. It isn't hard or time-consuming or even thought-consuming to coil 2.5' of headphone cable and stick it in your pocket in such a way where it comes back out still in a coil. Ball it up and shove it among your keys and pens and wallet and phone and of course it will be tangled. As an aside, this is the most HN justification possible for these. "Just estimate your time spent coiling headphones and multiply it by your hourly rate then you will see how $160 is fair." Absurd. Might be an iOS thing then I hear some models they have a nice little door but some models involve a lot more frankensteining. At least on macbook's its been impossible for a while. You don't even have to buy, you can throw down a security deposit, drop $1000 at ikea, and airbnb all month and make rent and more. You don't even have to ever step foot in the unit or meet a single guest; there are interior decorators and cleaning services that specialize in Airbnbs and you can stick the key in a lock box and change the password between stays. Just because you are allowed to build 100 stories into the heavens doesn't mean you will when its cheaper to build flat across an empty swath of land. When you hit capacity on that empty swath of land, like in the LA basin, but aren't allowed to build high to meet demand, like in the LA basin, then you have a supply problem. Imagine the mess that NY would have looked like if Manhattan was limited to single family homes. The city would sprawl across half of NY, NJ, and CT easy. Siri cannot understand 50% of the things that come out of my mouth, and the other 50% of the stuff it defers to 3 results from a search engine. They used to make wired IEM headphones and iirc sold them for half the price of the airpod. I can see the ad campaign two years from now: Swimmer taps watch to play then dives into a backstroke with airpods visible. Then you try it at your local pool and the airpods immediately fall out the minute you hit the water, and are kicked by a 6 year old into the pool filter. Is that category not already dominated by the limitless croakie-style bt headphones on amazon for cheap? You can probably find a waterproof pair too. I mean if the sound quality is nothing to write home about, all you are really paying $160 for is to stick them in a chic box. The minute anyone sells a self driving car it will be completely dismantled and quickly reverse engineered by every auto manufacturer, like they already do for every product their competitors put out. The reverse engineering even happens before your product is out. Go to any auto show and you will find employees of other companies taking measurements or scanning paint pigments of concept cars that will never even hit production. You loose your proprietary advantage the minute you sell your first product. You write "You can't leave" like its a bad thing for tenants, but leaving isn't a choice, it's being priced out of your place or not. I'd love to see a citation for how many widowers are taking up supply of three bedroom apartments. Rent control stabilizes rents in places where they can explode and collapse faster than a tenants salary can change to compensate, that's all. All the other problems you bring up are from poor implementation, not that it's a bad idea for everyone. More people per square foot = cheaper lease. Can you get a medivac to your appointment with the specialist? When customs asks you to check off off that you aren't a murderer or drug smuggler or terrorist, they aren't expecting you to confess on that scrap of paper, they want to be able to go back if they later suspect you and say "here is the form where you lied to the U.S. government." "Please sign in to verify age" pops up all the time on youtube, it depends on the content. Why leave data on the table This is on the nose. Even a 5 minute article is too much work, people would rather read a viral twitter screenshot or watch a talking head on youtube read that screenshot back to them. Facebook brought these posts a stamp of legitimacy and concentrated all the idiocy under one URL. Pre facebook, no one trusted flatearth.com or vaccinesarebadmkay.net, because we still believed the old addage "never trust anything you read on the internet." It was a lot easier to ignore faceless people with random usernames spamming on random websites than a post from uncle Kevin, on a platform all your friends and family are using religiously. Combating critical thinking is as old as critical thinking. Let them fight. You gotta fight with it with operators if you want a useful search. Google loves to remove useful operators or hit you with captcha challenges if you are using operators too much. The suburbs are super restrictive for kids to interact. I had a friend who lived in a development that had like 1.5mi of winding roads and cul-de-sac before you hit his house. It took almost 5 minutes by car just to hit the exit of the development, which was a 45mph road without any nearby crosswalk and you'd definitely die on a bike. The place had no sidewalks either. If you don't have a license and the only means of travel is by car, what do you do? You get on facetime/videogames with your friends. I can see it now. We are already turning groceries into a subscription service, why stop there? $19.99 a month for a coffee a week, and the store is closed to starbucks nonsubscribers or they buy a day pass for $7. Oh but did you know new subscribers get spotify free for one month??? Huge companies have already captured the market and can afford buy out any alternatives or pay for favorable policy, only a matter of time until they matriculate our piecemeal purchases into guaranteed regular profit. I graduated HS in 2014. By the time the 4s came out they were pretty ubiquitous. Carrier subsidy existed to make one or two year old iPhones pretty cheap (I vaguely remember iPhone 4 being 'free' from verizon for a while). I didn't get one until after many of my peers (iPhone 5 era), but I had an iPod touch and a phone with a full keyboard which was a common combo among the people I knew who were later adopters of smartphones. What's wrong with it? Tons of IO. Thin and light enough. Magsafe. Scissor keys. Throw in a USB-C port and boom, state of the art again. We are talking about less than a half pound difference of weight between the 2015 and 2016. Whether or not you relieved yourself this afternoon would be a greater delta. Difference in thinness is 0.12" between the two. The bezels are slightly tighter on the 2016 machine but unless you are looking for it with both machines in front of you, I don't think you will notice this. I don't think these changes in geometry make the 2015 chassis "horribly outclassed" today. The new keyboard made the computer 0.12" thinner than the 2015, and the new computer is less than half pound lighter with less battery capacity. To me, these are huge sacrifices in usability for what, another 0.12" and half pound in my bag? Great! Now I've saved enough space to upgrade my 70 sheet spiral notebook to a 100 sheet monster. > I am hoping 2019 Apple will have a MacBook Pro redesign that fixes all of these issues. I hope so too, but I'm not optimistic unless there are leadership changes. They've triple downed on this and it's still an issue. We definitely won't see scissor keys again, Apple isn't going to undermine their narrative like that, but I hope whatever comes after the butterfly was developed in a completely separate building than wherever they house the butterfly keyboard team. Poor engineering from the start, embarrassing half measures since, Jobs would have cleared house years ago. use pocket use pocket Oh but it is, if not more so because there are no dark patterns, no screeching autoplay trailers within seconds of opening the app, no 2 second pauses until the next episode, just a very user friendly streaming interface that gets straight to the point. But I won't divulge the name here. It falls on its face when you are just outside the typical use case. Sometimes I'll throw on an album and listen to it all the way through, or just really listen to one particular artist for a few weeks. Then the recommended content falls on its face as it doesn't know how to handle someone binging Grateful Dead one week and Kendrick Lamar the next. The medieval solution is pulley and rope at the top of your tower Pull quotes don't belong on the web. They made sense when people were thumbing through magazines, not lists of website headlines. If I click your headline, I'm already going to read the article. Where does the displaced person who can't afford market rate go? They could afford it at one point, just their wage increases were dwarfed by housing price increases. All it asks is that landlords have a %cap on how much they can increase their rents each year. It's just not sustainable to displace all your tenants every pop of the housing market. It's not like the landlords property tax gets affected when market value goes up, landlords are encouraged to hold and not build on their properties right now because property tax burden is assessed when you sell or build, doesn't matter what realtors can get for your property or how much you ask from your tenants every month. Right after I get approved for my small loan of one million dollars to buy a 2br bungalow that will turn to dust the next earthquake. In CA there is an under supply of both teachers and wages. The market will not correct even if wages/living conditions are 1:1. There are already people living paycheck to paycheck, unable to generate a dime of savings. There are people who are priced out of cost of living despite holding a job, and they opt to be homeless in an RV or car. Here is a great article about this new class of homeless in CA: https://www.cbsnews.com/news/los-angeles-hidden-homeless-pri... I see this argument a lot about how bad it is to be stuck and I really can't wrap my head around how its presented. Laid bare its "you've been underpaying so long you won't be able to afford overpaying." If the landlord suddenly demands double the rent and you don't have rent control, and everywhere else in town demands double the rent, you are homeless. If you have rent control, your landlord cannot double your rent, but it still goes up at a fixed % a year, and you aren't gonna go homeless. Housing prices have rose faster than wages can keep up, either you offer some limits at how much you can gouge from a tenant or you accept the consequences of low income workers forced to live far from their low wage job (increased vehicle usage due to being far from convenient transit, more congestion on the roads, more pollution in the city), as there's just not enough jobs in these far flung areas. The great irony is that all of these debates and issues and perilous environmental and economic situations could all be avoided if we simply built dense supply to match demand. This is the U.S., we do nothing better than create heaps of supply to exceed demand. Distal suburbs hastily constructed in wildfire lands aren't the answer; you have to build housing where you've built the jobs. That means building UP so people don't have to travel for hours and hours sideways to find something they can live in with their wages. Housing prices are dictated solely by jobs. Look at a neighborhood in mountain view in the 80s and that same neighborhood today, I bet its the exact same single family houses, but the houses are an order of magnitude higher in price with zero upgrades. Not because the streets are swept more regularly or anything, but solely because tech companies are handing 22 year olds 6 figures and landlords smell blood in the water. Now look at a place with lower playing jobs, like Cleveland, and the absolute opulence you can buy for 1m in Shaker Heights. Century old mansions are in play here. How much would this monster be in SV: https://www.zillow.com/homedetails/2796-Eaton-Rd-Shaker-Heig... Oh and note that its across the street from the train line that takes you straight to downtown, or the airport with a transfer. It's also less than a block from two huge parks and in one of the best school districts in the city. All of these huge quality of life perks going for it, and its still $88 a square foot because Cleveland does not have SV salaries. I just want something that gives me maximum privacy without compatibility issues. I run into websites every week that just don't render elements or clickable links in firefox with my current extensions (looking at you, barclays). The only privacy extensions I use are cookie autodelete, decentraleyes, and ublock origin with default settings (the super private settings broke more websites than not, and I gave up making dozens of exceptions), and google and FB containers. I'm considering dropping google container too, very annoying clicking a link opens a tab in the default container and closes the google one, so I have to shift cmd tab through all my recently closed tabs or dig through history instead of hitting back to return to the results. It's like either you let your guard down or make navigating around the web insufferable. I use zotero for papers and plain text files in folders for everything else. Dropbox keeps everything synced and I'll definitely be able to open a text or pdf file in 40 years, not too sure about evernote. When I first tried it in like 2012 it was absolutely a mess that crashed all the time and bogged down with hardly any notes and was deserving of all the hate it got. If it was in the hands of a startup it would have been long gone by now. I use calendar and textedit and just straight up folders for organization. Syncs to everything this way. Is that useful? You already get date created/modified in every OS. Shouldn't be hard to figure out when you were in ibiza and sort your notes folder by date. Do you need them in the same file? I'll do plaintext notes and have the relevant pic or other file have the same file name (or filename_fig2.png, etc.) as the plain text to keep things together. I've yet to see a note app that didn't just serve up the same functionality of plaintext files and calendar events in a bloated, proprietary, and pricey package. I'm in the same boat with the text files in a dropbox folder. I thought about just emailing myself notes to a notes-only account, but I'm not sure there much of an advantage there over Dropbox. Still, files in a folder checks all the boxes for me. Compatible with everything forever, can organize and reorganize as creatively as I want, lightweight, can search my notes and sort a bunch of different ways, and osx even supports tags. Granted, this is a little clunkier on mobile, but for quick notes I use drafts which is the speediest note taking app I've found (opens directly to writing prompt, one button save or append to dropbox files). Yellows have been shortened on purpose to raise revenues from tickets. If cities cared about accidents and congestion, we'd have less lights and more traffic circles, but that means less tickets and more thought and effort than lowering the yellow light time. Whitecastle has an impossible slider as well, impossible is probably pitching their meatlike substance to every national brand right now. And you can cut the fat out of your caffeine consumption too, both in time and money. I take caffeine pills now over coffee (mostly to combat coffee breath and the guaranteed poop 20 minutes after drinking). 200mg, equal to a grande I figure, 5 cents a pill, and maybe 20 seconds to plop one into my hand then my mouth. The speed and price is a boon for me, but also how compact the dose becomes. I can take it anywhere whenever I need it with just my palm; no need to plan for a coffee break. If coworkers are going out after work, I'll take one at 5, then stick a couple in my back pocket to keep the night fueled 4 hours at a time. When I wake up early for a morning run, I'll take one and hit snooze and fall back asleep, then by the time the alarm finishes snoozing I awake already caffeinated and eager to run at the crack of dawn. In college I would take one in the middle of lecture if I started to nod off. Really changed my life. Most people can't do nearly so much about the big fixed costs vs. small daily indulgences. >Really, what is the mobile industry thinking? The obvious. All the pros you are listed are cons when you are concerned about profitability uber alles. Turbotax is a pioneer of dark patterns. Enter anything beyond a w2 and it wants $70. Ideally the government solution doesn't take any time at all. The IRS knows about the w2, 1099, whatever forms you are going to get, you will be audited if you don't file because they see that you didn't do anything about that form, so why do we even have to file? The IRS could do this in the background and either mail you a check or ask for a bill. Done. Filing yourself is completely unnecessary and only serves to prop up a useless parasitic industry. It's still impossible to measure if you are getting into semantics here. How much energy does it take to keep the coinbase servers running? How much energy does it take to keep the coinbase IT people's houses heated? How much energy does it take to keep the lights on in the coinbase office? That's also impossible to track if you wanted to jump down the B.S. rabbit hole. Google ads has the engineering to work around this, competitors might not and would therefore loose market share to Google ads. Of course he is supportive, his stock options just improved. Android or iOS? I think average is closer to 12mph, at least according to google maps. I definitely could haul ass and go nearly twice that fast, but when I'm riding to go someplace and not to burn calories, the last thing I want to do is ride at a pace that's going to make me sweaty. Much easier to bike in rush hour as well. Lane splitting lets you beat traffic, and it's of course way easier to dodge a 5mph car in a lane versus a pedestrian wandering all over the sidewalk with zero situational awareness on their phone with headphones. The fine for parking your car in a bike lane should really be a tow. Predatory towing companies in my town can grab a car in 10 minutes; it's spooky. They even have scouts. I feel like towing companies should be chomping at the bit to get action on this parking ignorance with bike lanes, which seems to be universal in any city with them. You have to strive to separate bikes from traffic because no matter how much bike culture you have baked into your laws and society, it only takes one careless driver of a 3000lb hunk of steel to lay you out at 25mph. Doesn't matter if you do everything right as a cyclist, you can't change the fact that you are a flabby soft bag of water and a car is 20x your weight. Can you use the coinbase debit account to pay off a credit card? Caffeine and alcohol daily gives you physical withdraw systems. A better comparison would be video games or movies/TV and MJ. You can get emotionally addicted and opt to play video games or smoke instead of doing productive things, but if you walk away from either you aren't going to get a splitting migraine and crushing fatigue like quitting coffee cold turkey. Typically if you drive or operate equipment you are tested regularly. Otherwise you only encounter pre employment tests and that's only found with entry level jobs. Anything above entry level, they are hiring for your past performance and don't care what you need to do during your free time to keep up your groove. Taping it to your inner thigh also works just fine.... I've gotten some great, productive work done while pretty up there. For me, it removes inertia and I just get straight into my work and stay in it until I've gotten enough done for the day. It was my secret weapon during finals week when I had to crank out term papers for classes I wasn't especially interested in. The impairment is really just acting goofy more than anything, and if you are conscious of that fact you can put on sunglasses and non one would be any the wiser, as no random person will know how goofy you normally act. I'm not convinced it really affects reaction time significantly, based on my anectdata from gaming, playing sports, and going for runs. I got pretty spooked when I opened my credit karma account and it asked me to verify if I had opened a store card a couple years ago, if I took out a loan, and a couple other questions about me. None of them were true, because when I was first opening my credit karma account was when I first got a credit card; up to that point I had no credit history at all. When it asked me these questions, and I believe it implied one of the questions was true , I assumed my identity was stolen and got a report from transunion and equifax. Turns out my identity was never stolen and credit karma was just being obtuse. I wouldn't think they tie names to sample. You can't do that with DNA samples in a hospital, and I would hope 23 and me's policies mirrors HIPAA (would be aggressively irresponsible and a legal time bomb if not). You certainly don't need names to do analysis. The PCR probably took 2 hours out of that. My Dad did this exactly and it ended up turning into a 2hr call with the credit card company when he inevitably forgot his bullshit answers. >Software will become as stable as medieval architecture No chance. Software gets abandoned all the time, and mostly for economic reasons. I think a mental health evaluation would be more prudent from the VC than a drug test. If they are struggling with addiction then that would come out in the mental health screen with the therapist, and instead of being denied opportunity during a fragile time of their life, they might actually get the help they need without ruining their life and finding themselves unemployed due to a failed drug test. Has there ever been a large scale, well controlled study evaluating CEO performance under the influence of THC/coke/anything else vs. sober? Absolutely not, because as you say, these are only baseless behavioral associations to character flaws. If you are concerned about character flaws, evaluate that directly. Failing a drug test ruins peoples lives worse than smoking that joint ever did, and there are plenty of terrible people who've been sober all their life. If you worked there, why even steal a card? I've had online purchases where I've entered the wrong billing address by mistake and it still went through fine; all you needed was the numbers on the card. Surely someone looking at these everyday would end up really good at memorizing the numbers, or at least memorize them well enough to run to the bathroom stall and write them down quickly. They didn't fix RROD until the slim in 2010. Every other 360 is a time bomb. After doing the towel trick I laid my 360 on top of a big fan so it always had cool air being forced into it. It was RROD-free until eventually a thunderstorm took it out for good along with my router. We've been living in this world since Metallica vs. Napster. Will they take down this post too? The store is an absolute mess, even with major brands. The exact same pair of Nikes could be listed in a half dozen separate categories sold by two dozen different sellers at shipping speeds ranging from two hours to two months and prices ranging from $0.06 - $649.58. You end up having to spend 10x the amount of time down the rabbit hole of different categories, vaguely different product titles, different sizes ("size 10", "size TEN" "10(m)", etc.), and different names for the same color shoe, all to desperately find that low price/size/color combination that drew you in from the search results in the first place. The store desperately needs moderation to tidy it up. I'm sure the devs are patting themselves on the back for all the extra engagement they are milking out of me, but frankly I'm using the site less and less to the point where I've cancelled my prime membership. The only thing keeping me is milking their free shipping and 3% back card, and only if local alternatives fail me. That might just be their strategy to take back their store. Why would they? In those days if you didn't keep your head down, it would've been chopped off. Pretty bold predictions, I'd say. People still buy cable even with the rise of a half dozen streaming platforms and as long as you have to buy internet from a cable company, people will still be cowed into buying cable. Comcast (or anyone else, they all play the same exact game) can just make internet only packages egregiously expensive unless you also buy a cable subscription because many customers don't have another telecom option, and lawmakers are on the telecoms side. 5G is also going to need to have better coverage than anything ever made before if its to replace in home wifi. As it stands I drop calls when I walk into different rooms of my house on the data connection. 4G drops to 3G or even edge all the time going in and out or between buildings. That being said, I'm waiting to see what route telecoms pounce on to force us into 5G use. Will they degrade other data connections or go the planned obsolescence route? Either way, they are going to get their return, this isn't done out of technical altruism. You'd still get kicked for high ping even if you sat right under the 4G tower. Most people don't come close to hitting their cap unless they accidentally update their 200mb apps on the data connection. You don't need 5G to get that, you can get usable speeds to over 100k people in a roughly 200m x 100m area with wifi and 4G, as OSU has done (1,2). 1 https://www.bizjournals.com/columbus/news/2013/08/27/ohio-st... 2 https://www.dispatch.com/news/20180405/ohio-state-to-spend-n... If its any consolation the stream isn't much better Projector? It was always the case that you can build a faster PC than a console at roughly the same price. The difference is the games are optimized for the console then usually poorly ported to PC so they aren't very comparable. Why do that when they can sell you a remastered edition for $60. Highly dependent on the city but just from what I've seen recently around Los Angeles, private rooms in a multiroom unit are around 1k with cheaper units likely being a short term sublease arrangement. Some websites still have a print friendly view that spits out the recipe nice and succinctly usually on one page It's eventually going to be something that happens when the car is parked, rather than a specific stop for charging/gassing up. I've already seen parking garages and street side meters equipped with EV chargers (although rarely an EV parked there). Ideally all batteries would be standardized, so you'd just pull up to a place and swap like you would a propane tank, but open standards aren't as inticing to investors as trying to dominate market share with proprietary tech and licensing it to everyone. Probably going to take a law standardizing swappable EV batteries to nip that bad behavior in the bud. The valet game should get interesting. Pay extra to guarantee charging would be a quick and easy way to gouge a few more pennies. As far as gas stations goes, I don't see a route where most of them aren't folding. Franchises don't have the resources to retool like a big corporation that can light money on fire every month and still increase in value. The interiors aren't all that nice though, certainly not for how much change they are asking for. Having everything behind a hulking iPad sucks when you are driving a car. Give me dials, give me buttons that click in, give me levers, give me something where I can tell where the setting is with my fingers without having to take my eyes off the road. I'm really surprised car manufacturers have gotten away with cramming so many features into touch screen interfaces that give you zero feedback if you aren't staring at the screen, it really should be illegal as its absurdly dangerous. It's like there are two tiers of writing at The Atlantic/New Yorker: A nice well written piece on a major topic that leaves you with something to think about during the day, or 8+ paragraphs on something like the emotional impact of a specific spring time NYC odor, or the perils of hiring a dog walker in Brooklyn. At that point I'd duct tape a magic keyboard on the laptop and watch the Ive fanboys rage. At what point does the difference in weight become entirely irrelevant? Is a 3lb laptop vs a 2lb laptop even within the margin of error of how heavy a backpack feels? That's gotta be close to the weight difference of whether or not I had lunch a given day. Was it really that bad? The only time I had it fail computer-side was when I noticed a staple on the magnet. The charger itself is shit, but that's a problem with Apple's shitty wire shielding and I'm sure their USB-C charger will also split open, fray, and break every 2 years of regular use. It's useful clinically, and it would be ignorant to deny it in that setting where it's secured by HIPAA. If someone in your family develops a cancer and you already have everyone sequenced, that makes it a lot easier to inform on therapy options. Having this data is also useful for future researchers on the disease (the best discoveries are made in museum drawers, not the fossil find on the hillside; you never know what you might stumble upon with a new tech or even just fresh eyes so it's important to have the data collected). What 23&me offers is kinda useless IMO. We are too much of mutts to accurately trace your history with high confidence. Why do I care if I'm 14% swedish and 8% turkish and 3% kazakh? SNPs are mostly annotated by correlation, and rarely are causative to disease, so even if you had that 'bad' allele it means nothing devoid of any context or more downstream analysis. It's a $200 curiosity more than anything. My only worry is insurance companies being deliberately obtuse about the data and jacking up premiums or denying coverage (if the Rs get their way). 'You have this allele that's in 5% of leukemia patients vs. in 3% of the healthy population, we will bill accordingly.' Doesn't mean you will ever get leukemia, but it's another potential excuse to gouge the consumer. If you are concerned about you leaving DNA around or somehow big bad government spying on your boring life, I'm assuming you've never sneezed, and have already burned off your fingerprints? Is it not a good thing to catch a criminal in your family? I've yet to see a compelling argument that explains all the tinfoil. Replace DNA with fingerprint and it's the same piece. I'm roughly 5 years out of undergrad and my peers from my midwestern private school are already stratifying. There are people who flock to the coasts or get assigned to some midwestern capital for a few years (but with a well paying job and opportunity to transfer to a larger office), and there are those who stayed behind. More often then not the people left behind either didn't finish college or aren't using their degree, got married at 23 and kids at 24, and/or parading a pyramid scheme on instagram. Its a shame because this was a private school with a strong focus on higher education, lots of kids getting great scholarships to awesome schools, but after college its like these people stop engaging themselves to beef up their resume. It's easy to stagnate in the midwest. Oh stop with the gloom, this is like using tabloids as an example of how the printing press ruined us all. Ignore the tabloids, or in the case of the internet, low effort ad content. You can read good journalism from around the world if you put in the minuscule effort it takes to vet a source. The academic internet never went away, in fact it gets exponentially more powerful every year, and nearly all of human knowledge is at your fingertips for free* from Wikipedia or tools like pub med (everything funded by the NIH becomes open access after a year). The internet has only ever been one thing: a time sink. Why waste your free time making someone else money? Cut out the commercialized internet from your life. Sink your time by learning something, keep your neck well above the irrelevant noise of social media, keep your eyes fixed on well written information from good journalists and experts in their fields, and suddenly the internet is beautiful and everything that everyone hoped for. "So tell me about your time lecturing at Stanford" "Well you see uhh thats not me but uhh..." "I think we are done here." And you've just burned a massive bridge. If I was an online ghost I would never get hired. In my line of work you need a CV with publications. While you become a public figure in the process of publishing papers, its actually proof of work vs. trying to talk about your proprietary little thing you worked on at company X that you aren't really allowed to go into specifics about, or doing an interview exam on one tangential problem you may or may not ever encounter in the job like you are in undergrad again. If the recruiter wants to see what I can do, they can just read what I wrote, and ask me for clarification rather than total explanation. Another massive benefit of being a public face is that collaboration is now possible. Two people in the same Uber pool ride in SV could be struggling with the exact same issue and have no idea that the other person exists because the CS field is closed off and proprietary for the sake of shareholder profit. Think of all the investment and engineering by a half a dozen companies towards the same exact goal of a self driving car. Imagine if all those NDAs were ripped up, and every engineer met up at a conference, gave talks, held poster sessions, troubleshooted common problems, set up meetings, emails, collaborations, joint efforts, shared resources and data, etc. But then, of course, no company will be able to 'win' and dominate market share and print money for the shareholders. You can throw Google in a container but it comes with its own annoyances. It would also index a lot of excellent .gov sites that get buried by SEO junk I wonder if you can just make an extension to filter these out of the google results. Adblocker extensions certainly don't have a hard time detecting ads in webpages. "Weird, I couldn't add you on snapchat with your code" All the algorithmic propaganda is entirely optional. If your view of the internet is only what you see on FB, twitter, and instagram, then sure it's pretty terrible. But you aren't under any obligation to sit there and scroll through advertising, Zuckerberg isn't holding a gun to your head. Social media is an echo chamber that seems much larger than it is, with far less voices contributing than it might appear (1). 1. https://www.pewinternet.org/2019/04/24/sizing-up-twitter-use... Because there is value in having people in personal contact, especially if they are expected to work in a team. I don't know what I'd do if I didn't have the option of dropping by a coworkers office for a 5 min quick chat or a 3 hour informal meeting on a whim, where we might pull out our notebooks and pull up relevant files and email threads. Deep thinking can't happen on a slack channel, it happens during the skull session. California is also a powerhouse of a state. It has the 5th largest economy in the world, and the most productive state government in the U.S. Ambitious projects actually get attempted and built in California unlike so many of the stagnant states in the U.S. Another reason of why SV and not Idaho is the academic research environment of the bay area and the ease of recruiting the excellent talent that comes out of California's universities every spring. Why would they ever not use this data adversely against customers? Insurance companies already have offered an OBD tracker that would supposedly be used to prove you were a safe driver and therefore lower your rates. Why on earth would they not use this data to say "well you check twitter on the highway every morning, therefore we are raising your monthly payments by 20%." This is the entire insurance industry business model. So what happens to my rates if I sit in the back left seat and the uber driver is an absolute maniac on the road. I don't think their is such thing as a typical turning radius. On a left turn some people go wide and clip the turning lane of the perpendicular street, others go very sharp and turn at the last minute to the point of overshooting the left slightly. Sometimes it changes if there's another car in that perpendicular turning lane, or if there is traffic and you have to gun it on green to get through, or if the box is blocked, or if there's a box in the road you have to dodge, or a rideshare blocking half the lane dealing with a passenger, etc. etc.