I thought Hackers News was not supposed to turn into Reddit. A $100/month dedicated server probably doesn't have RAID 10 or other server-class features, but it will probably have more CPU capacity than a $100/month VPS. As virtualization software improves, I expect the advantages of VPSes to increase. If anyone knows of a particularly good provider, I'm willing to add it to the database. I just added Prgmr.com since they appear to be cheap and hacker-friendly. They solved a hardware problem (the centralized crossbar), but it's not clear what progress they have made on software scalability. BTW, I thought the Ars article was better. They say it is secure because all your traffic flows through their server in the clear but they don't look at it. It's refreshingly honest that the site admits this. But GotoSSH isn't as secure as regular SSH and it probably is not as secure as it could be (e.g. a Flash SSH client that implements the SSH protocol on the client side). But since security doesn't matter in Web 2.0 (can I borrow your Google password for a minute?), this looks like a great service. Are you talking about scaling from 1/10 of a server to 1 server, or from 1 to 10 servers, or from 10 to 1000 servers? I was turned off by 3Tera/TheGridLayer because their sites are all marketing, no tech. But I just discovered the docs ( http://doc.3tera.net/AppLogic2/WebHome.html ), so now it's possible to size up their system without some salesperson sizing up my wallet first. TGL's prices for individual VPSes do not look competitive and the starting price of $4000/month for a virtual datacenter is pretty spicy. Previous VPS discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=43949 Most providers do not mention scalability or upgrades on their sites, so maybe it is worth paying more to MT for scalability. Of course, the nodes in an actual supercomputer can send data to each other faster than 384 kbps. Yikes, where to start. "Databases store data to disk. Thats all what 90% of us use them for. They are essentially elaborate hash tables backed by a disk drive." Sure, if you don't need indices or transactions. "a disk failure is still a major disaster. Even if you have backups, even if you have replication, there will be downtime and manual labor while a new master server is established." If you use a dual-port, dual-controller RAID 10 with hot spares, you'll never even notice a disk failure. (No wonder the SmugMug people are so smug.) But I admit replication is a great solution for people who consider their time to be a sunk cost. "Databases never put your 10-20 commodity server boxes with all their spare disk space to use." At least this is true (for now). Given that Web 2.0ers apparently don't care about most database features anyway, maybe HBase will solve this problem. This isn't all that paranoid; Adobe's business model for Flash is similar, although they haven't attacked Red5 yet. A few companies are working on that, but I don't think the results will be free. http://rightscale.com/ http://www.enomalism.com/ A purely negative article tends to give that impression. What's the alternative? Brands likes to mention how perfect Credentica is, but it isn't deployed anywhere. OpenID may turn out to be the worst identity protocol, except for all the others that have been tried. What really perplexes me are the sites that still use FTP for serving large files, as if FTP is better than HTTP for that purpose. I don't know if we should be happy; according to Groklaw the bankruptcy filing will put the Novell and IBM lawsuits on hold, moving SCO's day of reckoning even further into the future. Please, whatever you do, don't host the video on YouTube. (Ahem, Wesabe.) To me, nothing says "I love compression artifacts" and "I can't afford to host my own site" more than YouTube. As for software, check out these (which I have not used): http://www.varasoftware.com/products/wirecast/ http://www.adobe.com/products/visualcommunicator/ I liked the idea of Snapz Pro until I discovered how difficult it is to edit footage losslessly. For our last screencast at the office I think we used Camtasia. My guess is that Google never wanted to build a wireless network; instead they want a telco (who already has towers) to be tricked/forced to build a network that suits Google. In this case we're really talking about configuration isolation. If you're running a database and a Web server on one machine and then want to move them onto separate machines, you have to untangle and move the config files. But if they're separate VMs from the start, then there's nothing to untangle. YouTube doesn't do any live streaming AFAIK. But RAM can be substantially larger than 4GB these days. The local storage is persistent until Amazon shuts down the virtual machine whenever they want . (They say that it only happens due to hardware failures or EC2 platform upgrades, but you have no control over those events.) I haven't used EC2, but the complexity would worry me if I was on a schedule. If you only have a few months of runway and you spend most of them sharpening your EC2 tools rather than coding features you could be doomed. But Rhino has nothing to do with browsers. If you want cached, compiled JavaScript, try Flash Player 9. But I am equally sure that EC2 does not oversell CPU/RAM resources and does not move VMs around. I don't think Xen even supports memory overcommit. Looking at the new user interface, at first I thought this was a Web app. There's also some visible influence from Lightroom. FUD isn't supposed to be specific. And for slides there's the Beamer class: http://latex-beamer.sourceforge.net/ (If MS Office/OpenOffice is "office 1.0" and GDocs/Buzzword/Sliderocket is "office 2.0", then what is LaTeX?) "Once we've killed backing up in favor for keeping our files in the cloud, the next step will be keeping those files out of silos." I'd prefer to do those in the reverse order. I didn't go to the talk, but from the slides I got the impression that if you're the next Twitter you'll find it cheaper to build your own datacenter than to rent from Joyent. I don't know if this is true, though. Beware; this thing almost locked my browser. A good idea for Google, Yahoo, and Amazon, since students will come out of college already trained on their infrastructure. It's also notable that Google is somewhat endorsing Hadoop. This looks more like using a new rendering engine as an excuse to develop a new programming language. Which doesn't sound too unreasonable, but if that's the goal ROC should be upfront about it. Presumably the parallel browser would be faster and maybe even BeOS-smooth. It's not clear that this is enough justification for a new browser. It's more like 1/10 of DRAM speed, which is still awesome. Isn't this essentially SesameVault? http://www.sesamevault.com/ I suspect it's irrelevant, since when given a choice between paying one cent to host HD video and free craptastic YouTube, most people would choose YouTube. One obvious use is to see a book in a real bookstore, then immediately buy it cheaper online. Maybe you could even use the phone's camera to scan the UPC code. :-) This article doesn't define scaling. It's clear enough from context, but it should be pointed out that price scaling and performance scaling are different. In fact, once you substitute "reduce $/GB over time" for "scale", the article becomes totally obvious. In other news, All Processors Should Follow Moore's Law (because if you don't, you'll go out of business). Obviously people won't use it as temp space; they'll use it to store databases and replicate them on multiple instances for reliability. Yes, it looks like Amazon has been solving the easy problems (paid AMIs, bigger instances) first, while the hard problems will be addressed later. But given that it took a year or so to add large instances, I wonder when load balancing and storage will be improved. Except the open source model doesn't support SaaS very well, so if all software becomes SaaS then open source becomes much less relevant. I think you're supposed to trust the commons. The commons can do no wrong. I noticed that the iPhone is the only mobile device listed on the support page. OTOH, if Googlers are forced to use Gmail internally, I'm not sure how they lived this long without IMAP. Usually there is a choice between proprietary "pre-standard" products that come out pretty quickly or standards-based products that take years to arrive. This allows customers to make the time-to-market vs. lock-in tradeoff. Doesn't Xen already come with tools to create VMs? If you find them too hard to use, maybe try Fedora's virt-manager. Honestly, what's the benefit of Scribd over a simple HTML page for a document like this? Wasn't "utility computing" good enough? Why do we need to rename it to "HaaS"? Sorry, you're in the wrong decade; the OODB people are now working on XMLDBs (or sometimes RDF triple stores). So when does "peak SQL" kick in? I think you should use a descriptive title. I don't see anything obviously wrong with these APIs, but they don't live up to the hype about "opening social networks". OpenSocial does nothing to break down the identity silos and their network effects. Classful addressing? Fail. No Hilbert curves? Fail. :-) Maybe you should post this again after there's something to see. Introducing vapor won't get you much cred here. Symbian is seriously threatened by Android; even if Android isn't very good some handset makers may switch to it simply to avoid Symbian licensing costs. AFAIK Symbian has no other business to fall back on. The problem is that if a protocol allows bad implementations, then even the good implementations have to invest effort to interoperate with the losers. Bram doesn't have the patience to deal with losers. This article is one big troll. Virtually no technical details about Android are known, yet an antivirus company is spreading FUD about malware? I'm sure they have only the users' best interests in mind... Crazy expensive. Too bad we have no technical details about BD+ or the alleged crack, so it's hard to know what's true and what's spin. You don't need a Google source to recognize a patent troll. Honestly, I don't know why the media even bothers to cover these stories; there seem to be more of them every week and they're virtually all irrelevant. Come on, give us a link or something. Many of the Android libraries are written in C, so if they had a stable API/ABI then portable native apps could be written. It would be merely expensive. That must be some PC; the fastest 7200 RPM disk can transfer 100MB/s. There is an engineering tradeoff here; doing I/O in multiple threads introduces seeks, but it simplifies the code dramatically. Using one thread for I/O will introduce data copies and locking for the work queue. This situation is hardly new; Dalvik is (unsurprisingly) similar to the Danger VM and a few other unlicensed embedded pseudo-Java VMs. (Blast from the past: http://www.networkworld.com/news/0323sun.html ) I disagree with the analysis about patents. Dalvik has Java semantics and probably infringes several Sun patents. But all software these days infringes patents; who cares. IMO this misses the point of Time Machine. 1. Time Machine is easy to use. 2. Time Machine doesn't grind your disk as much as rsync because it uses FSEvents. 3. Time Machine backups are faster and use less space because HFS+ allows hardlinks to directories. This is the poorest PowerPC history article I've ever seen, and in addition the author displays a great misunderstanding of computer architecture. "Bezos explains that it's only fair to charge less for e-books because you can't give them as gifts, and due to restrictive antipiracy software, you can't lend them out or resell them." Wow, someone in the DRM business admitted that DRM subtracts value. Wasn't that called J2EE? :-) The problem with forcing apps to be written in Java/dex bytecode is that you can go higher-level (Python/Ruby/Scala/etc.) but you can't go lower-level (C/asm). So if you want to add any new audio/video codecs, they are guaranteed to be much slower than the built-in codecs. If you want to write your own browser it has to be in bytecode, while the built-in WebKit browser is native code. But Android phones may allow native apps; we really don't know at this point. Wow, that must be some good hosting if you have to get an invitation for the privilege of paying for it. This sounds like a waste of time. PDF and Acrobat are suffering from serious feature bloat (3D? JavaScript?), so copying that bloat won't excite many users. It also displays the FSF's habit of trying to replace existing open source projects that have been under development for years (GNUTLS and Gnash come to mind). Haven't you heard? Performance doesn't matter; it's all about scalability these days. After all, what's the difference between 100 servers and 200 servers? VMware Server is free, so there's almost no tax on virtual appliances now. Another interesting quote from the same message: "repeat after me: client = flash in the browser, server = erlang. Intermediate protocol = flash AMF" Now that's opinionated software. Perhaps a better title would be "we can't stop people from cloning our platform, so we might as well embrace it". I have to wonder if anyone will actually pay to clone Facebook's API, though. Finally Adobe admits that AMF3 isn't a secret -- months after it was reverse-engineered. I wonder if they'll also decide to "open" RTMP after RTMPE comes out. It sounds like SimpleDB runs on EC2, meaning it can't do anything that you couldn't build yourself on EC2. If you replicate data across enough EC2 nodes you can get durability (at the cost of complexity and high MTTR). IMO it doesn't make sense for SimpleDB to be billed like EC2. An EC2 instance is using resources even when it's idle, so Amazon has to bill for that. Because SimpleDB is (presumably) fine-grained multi-tenant, it should only bill for the time consumed by query execution. It would have been clearer if Amazon priced it at 0.0000000388 dollars per millisecond or something, but then people might scratch their heads over rounding errors. The C10K page is historical; it's about 5 years old. Now that the Web serving problem has been solved there's not much point in updating the page. Poppler already exists if that's what you want. The point is that more processor speed expands your possibilities only if you are smart enough to actually use it . Lazy (dare I say "blub") programmers are being left in the dust. (Of course, this isn't the first time some programmers have resisted change. I remember a great rant about how if you program in assembly and never hit in the cache, the Pentium 4 was no faster than the Pentium III and thus useless. That guy probably quit programming entirely when multicore arrived.) No, Jumpbox provides virtual appliances (i.e. they run in VMware) while these are regular packages. Oh my, relocatable self-contained binary software packages! What will they think of next? What is it about open source culture that prevents the upstream developers from providing working packages? Reading the comments, it's not actually written in Forth. This article is old and the chip is useless; it's virtually impossible to program. Static content faster than dynamic content - YouTube at 11! I guess the real story here is that many people have become so accustomed to using dynamic techniques (with the added benefit of no caching whatsoever) and/or the world's slowest Web server software to serve essentially static content, that they don't even see the overhead. I've long wondered why GrandCentral doesn't offer this feature; it sounds like a good fit. As for TossableDigits, it looks like a feature masquerading as a company. Performance? Deployment? Enterprisey marketing BS? Not really. Android's VM has Java semantics and should be able to run any Java bytecode, including JRuby, Jython, Rhino, etc. The contest requirement to use Java may just be an oversight on Google's part. JVM-based dynamic languages may not execute very fast on a phone, though. IMO the real story is not that Ning has porn but that several blogs decided to write scaremongering posts about it. One app server and one DB server counts as "scaling" now? The wireless industry doesn't look very blown up to me; in fact, the iPhone appears to be a step back since it is only available on one carrier, while most other phones are non-exclusive. The results of a programming aptitude test might be useful for students, though. It could save them the effort of enrolling in CS, failing the classes, then switching to a different major. The developers are probably not getting much money, if last year is any guide. http://daringfireball.net/2006/12/iniquities_of_the_selfish Linux-VServer is an odd choice, since it appears to be less actively maintained and less popular than OpenVZ/Virtuozzo. Yeah, I'm not outraged over it either. I suspect that MacHeist and the participating developers never anticipated selling as many copies as they did, so they didn't consider that MacHeist might walk away with most of the money. Since this is the second year, developers are probably a little smarter in their negotiations. I think it's worth discussing since "how to not get ripped off while starting your business" is a popular topic here on YC. A few developers have reported that they got virtually no upgrade sales after MacHeist/MacZot: http://reinventedsoftware.com/blog/2007/12/17/so-thats-why-i... NIH? There are extensions for RSS/Atom that allow threaded comment feeds; if you combine this with the feed reading support in Thunderbird it might almost get you a news-like reading experience. Probably the biggest challenge would be getting blogs to output threaded feeds. A standard protocol for posting comments on blogs sounds like it would be politically difficult due to fear of comment spam (it doesn't matter whether that fear is justified). Technically I think you could use unathenticated AtomPub, but I don't know if anyone has implemented this use case. As for NNTP, you can't serve it from a $7 Dreamhost account so obviously it sucks. Meta observation: By the time a technology story is in the Economist it's probably old news on Hacker News. An outage at a Web 2.0 site is unlikely to kill anyone, so it doesn't justify government intervention like the NTSB. Laws have been proposed requiring companies to report on privacy breaches, but I don't think they require companies to say why the breach happened, and they don't require an outside audit. The ROC project suggested something similar, although their analogy was not to the NTSB but an internal Ma Bell policy that required a report to be written for all outages. However, most companies don't want to release details about their outages, especially ones that are not customer-visible. When companies do talk about outages (as Joel just did) it's usually as a form of PR damage control. http://roc.cs.berkeley.edu/#pubs Doing nothing or breaking protocols may also be critical errors, so Time Warner's plan is not necessarily doomed. Looks like a plagiarized article. No, these pages aren't indexed anyway because they contain no useful content and Google already has a "sandbox" to penalize brand new sites. The article is about Google ads that are placed on these tasty pages. If Google refuses to serve these ads, the tasters make less money. I guess you're referring to Freenet and similar projects. I doubt it's BitTorrent's fault that most people don't care about Freenet. Why charge so little? Anything so cheap might as well be free. I suspect that people are either willing to pay substantially more than $2/month for this service, or they're not willing to pay anything. So you could probably increase your profit by increasing the price or becoming ad-supported (or both). It's NTT: http://blog.twitter.com/2008/02/twitter-chooses-ntt-america-... AFAIK, Level3 doesn't even offer hosting, just colo. I think most people will skip the step of buying the physics card and just wait for it to be integrated into the GPU. It will be an interesting marriage, though, since the Nvidia and Ageia architectures have some significant differences. Scalability isn't reliability. ZFS is an alpha-quality optional add-on in Leopard; I guess most users won't see it until later. At least they provided a link to the primary source. From my reading of the paper, Kittyhawk is more of an EC2 competitor; it's not intended to run "the entire Internet", but pundits can't resist the hyperbole. Yeah, but the original didn't have The Real Napster. It's amazing to me that caching still isn't on by default in Web servers. I like this. (Although I would prefer a SecurID-type dongle rather than smartcard-type.) Rather than complaining about how OpenID reduces security, they're finding a case where OpenID increases it. Most Web sites will never support smartcard login, but if they support OpenID they get it for free. An obvious solution that comes to mind is to rent virtual hardware and let customers do the patching. Sun Grid and EC2 are quite different. Sun Grid is for batch jobs, which I think is inherently less visible, less flexible, and less cool than the Web 2.0 serving that people use EC2 for. Even if people were using Sun Grid you might never know about it. AFAIK Sun Grid is 5X the price of EC2, so even for batch jobs I don't know why anyone would use it. Coincidentally, The Register just posted a story about a Sun project that could be quite competitive with EC2: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2008/02/15/caroline_sun_amazon/ (I have to wonder if this was a submarine job timed to coincide with the S3 outage.) My objection is just installing the client software. Public key is definitely superior for all the reasons you gave. It's not clear to me that conspicuous conservation has that much to do with morality. I just made up "conspicuous conservation" on the spot, although I doubt I'm the first to do so. In this case it seems almost obvious. When I worked with flash chips they were quite dumb and well-standardized, so bypassing a controller should be no problem. Maybe this post came from Soviet Russia. They're at 2.8 GHz now, so I rate this rumor "duh". I guess you upload your PHP code and it either works or it doesn't. Mosso is Web hosting, not VPS hosting. What choice do they have? Mozilla's strength is in desktop GUIs, so it would be risky to start working on server-side Web 2.0 mail. If Web mail is indeed the only future of mail, then I guess Mozilla should just shut down their mail efforts. I fear that femtocells will give carriers no incentive to improve coverage in offices and homes; they can just say "want coverage? buy a femtocell" which translates into customers paying to build out the carrier's network for them. It almost sounds like a 2.0 business model: user-generated infrastructure. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=114861 Sucking in more data counts as opening up? OTOH, if Apple distributes the apps they can set the terms for the market, possibly creating high barriers to entry such as upfront fees or quality standards. SSH has a few flaws, so they created what looks like an even more complex SSL-based command transport? I don't get it. Seth's post is a little vague, so here's a specific scenario: If a video is available only as an RTMPE stream, then the only way to capture a lossless copy of that video for fair use purposes is to write an unauthorized RTMPE client (ripper), which would probably violate the DMCA and get smacked down by Adobe immediately. Also, open-source Flash players probably won't be able to play RTMPE streams at all, for the same reason. Adobe is planning to add even more DRM in AIR: http://www.flashcomguru.com/index.cfm/2007/10/23/Flash-Video... Sun is shipping faster chips than Nehalem? Chip design is hard. Measure twice, cut once. I think it's more about extra chip selects and reducing bus loading. AFAIK, standard DDR2 memory controllers only support so many ranks on the bus, so MetaRAM introduced some muxing to make four or eight ranks look like two. It's a clever hack. I am aware of Niagara, and I am skeptical that it will beat Nehalem. Certainly a Nehalem system will beat a Niagara 2 system in most benchmarks for performance and price. Because new tech costs more? To create differentiation between two models that are already really similar? Sandboxed C/C++ bytecode? I'll believe it when I see it. OK, that is impressive. Some people don't want to pay for dual-controller hardware RAID, so DRBD is the software equivalent. Just combine freemium (where 1% of users generate 100% of revenue) with ads to produce a model where only 1% of users need to click on ads. Thus it doesn't matter if, say, 50% of users are blocking ads. Whether this model can work is another story. Flex 1.x was a joke, but Flex Builder 2.0 was only $500. Making the Flex SDK (but not the IDE) open appears to be a case of openwashing, since most Flex developers are probably still buying the IDE. Whatever you do, don't call it micropayments. http://www.openp2p.com/pub/a/p2p/2000/12/19/micropayments.ht... PHP? Ruby? You were thinking Unix and using Windows; no wonder it didn't work. Windows probably works much better if you've never seen Unix and you stick to 100% MS tools. (In other words, blub.) Webtops really are pointless. The only thing worse is when they get uppity and start calling themselves WebOSes. Some thoughts on Azul: The comparison of Azul to a mainframe is apt, since there is no low-end Azul box. If you don't have $50K to spend, go home. Startups can stop reading now. The network-attached coprocessor idea doesn't give me a good feeling; it sounds like yet another point of failure. Because Azul uses hundreds of cores, most apps won't scale out of the box; Azul-specific tuning like lock splitting is needed. I want to like Azul but in the end it looks like a niche box. Why benchmark apples against oranges? Any app that will run well on a PS3 will suck on Azul and vice versa. I can understand that viewpoint, but porting the whole Linux universe to a new architecture is a much larger job than porting a Java VM. The difference between RAID and clustered redundant storage seems arbitrary. RAID is dead, long live RAID! Must... resist... Ghostbusters... joke... But seriously, caching is so Web 1.0. These days it's much cooler to make each request as slow as possible and buy more servers to compensate. Right on. You have to justify that VC money by spending it as fast as possible. Adobe did improve performance dramatically with Flash 9, but only new code gets the speedup. Many game developers seem to still be generating the old slow bytecode. I expect it to be spun as security. You can't get any scripting-related security holes if you don't have scripts. Apparently the author thinks that "event-driven" means "multi-process", which it doesn't. This mistake made the article pretty unreadable for me. For the curious, the Flash paper provides a good overview of this topic: http://www.cs.princeton.edu/~vivek/flash_usenix_99/ I work for a large company and everything that goes out the door is patented; I imagine Adobe is the same way. However, I just did a search and didn't see anything obviously relevant. I have my doubts that file formats or protocols are patentable, but that won't stop the USPTO from granting them. Epoch fail. Have fine-grained ACLs ever worked? I don't want to criticize Facebook for trying to increase privacy, but I have serious doubts that this will lead to any real improvement. The agreement states that, but is it actually true? What happens to your phone? So $99 buys you five iBrickings, but is there any kind of mapping from developers to iBricks? Can an app compiled by one developer run on another developer's phone? The RAD Lab is not a joke, but this post is a little thick with hyperbole. While you're not monetizing things, you might as well create a new Web server OS where it's actually easy to install applications. OTOH, many users have been burned by things that could easily be fixed... but never were. Does apt-get have a Web 2.0 interface? I'm not aware of one. What such optimizations are possible? One that comes to mind is transactional memory which is being implemented by Azul and Sun, but I don't know of any others. The $50 price was obviously unsustainable; consider that a high-volume, non-mesh WRT54G sells for ~$45. The other parts of the story are certainly worrying, though. I wonder if this was driven by a change in management or if Meraki just said to themselves, "time to stop fooling around with open source and make some money". Exactly my point. Note: "barbies" is Aussie for "barbecues". That headline really confused me for a minute. Try faking a Google News referer. But it's just another gee-whiz CUDA/Tesla article; try these links instead: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CUDA http://www.nvidia.com/object/cuda_home.html So? They'll just pass the cost on to customers. It's for backup; the latency is mostly irrelevant. Tahoe sounds cool, but I think it's a stretch to call it a filesystem. Didn't the DMCA already exempt ISPs from liability? The music tax could be a double whammy for ISPs, because not only would they have to pay the tax but their bandwidth costs would likely increase due to increased usage of P2P. The OLPC is designed this way; the motherboard is behind the screen. Obviously power consumption has gone up because demand for performance has outstripped increasing power efficiency. But the Forrest Curve is catching up, as we can see from all the enthusiasm for sub-$400 computers. (BTW, laptop power supplies are double-sized, since they need to be able to power the laptop and charge the battery simultaneously. e.g. a 40W laptop will have an ~80W supply.) There's a way to fix this, but it isn't widely known yet. Using browser history sniffing[1] you can determine which popular IDP the user uses (let's say AOL) and then you can customize your login box to say "log in using your AOL screen name". So you're doing OpenID, but the user doesn't have to know what OpenID is. This is a little cumbersome to implement; maybe somebody will write a JS library to do it. [1] which will probably be removed from browsers at some point, but let's exploit it while it lasts If history is any guide, that compute power will be used by new applications, not better versions of existing ones (although 1080p Skype will probably also happen). So the inability to scale existing software is irrelevant; new apps will be coded from scratch using new parallel tools (assuming that those appear). It's possible that no such apps will emerge, but I'm not betting on it. Many of them will look pointless at first. (Check out this 150MB screen saver: http://scr.sc/products/dropclock/ A waste of disk space, you say? 150MB costs a few cents.) AFAIK LCDs have higher image quality and good screens are not cheap. The cheap option is to paint a wall with special paint and use that as a screen. I bought a 47" Westinghouse LCD last year. Yes, sometimes when I'm playing a game I'll come up with an algorithm to handle some aspect of it (e.g. adjusting the tax rate), but the game doesn't allow scripting so I have to run the algorithm by hand. Also, check out Bolo and the many bots available for it (if you can find a way to run it - maybe someone should clone it in Flash). Next time, submit the original article please. I thought half the benefit of CDNs was reduced latency, which AWS does not provide. Carr made the same point recently: http://www.roughtype.com/archives/2008/03/the_mediaizatio.ph... I built a gaming PC around Thanksgiving with very similar components, and I haven't read that article either. That's not what I'd call a server. Not even ECC RAM. Poor Summer; she's so typecast. I'll elaborate a little. A CDN is supposed to serve content from a server very close to each user, like in the same city. Thus CDNs must have many servers in many cities. AWS does not have many locations, thus because of the speed of light it cannot have latency as low as a good CDN. This is not a problem with AWS; it wasn't designed as a CDN. Do you need a CDN for "general purpose content serving"? Probably not. "Launching" a company by relying on any single site to drive traffic sounds like it could hurt credibility. Aren't exclusives for old Web 1.0 people? Some intern probably wrote a MapReduce job which discovered that Google engineers collectively spend thousands of hours per year linking, so writing a new linker can be justified as a cost savings. :-) OTOH, http://xkcd.com/303/ Apparently GCC is crimping Apple's style enough to justify a rewrite, although that may be due to licensing and lack of modularity more than ugly code. Very few people write Web servers or other networking code; they just write code that plugs into some existing Web server (usually Apache) or framework (e.g. Rails). Metal rapid prototyping has been around for a while now: http://radar.oreilly.com/archives/2006/05/metal-3d-printing.... So basically App Engine + Gears + Prism = a Python version of Joyent Slingshot. In this case, they're talking about apps that were designed to present their UI inside a browser. Why did you choose XMPP over RTMP? Maybe Sun will dust off Clustra from whatever closet they left it in. Or maybe H-Store will come out soon and support a large enough subset of SQL to satisfy people. Oh, so that's what those are. I saw some of those at SXSW. But $3 for a piece of cardboard? I would guess that you want a VCS based on a pack repository format so it doesn't use 10M inodes. That would be git or bzr. Scanning the tree to determine changed files may take a while, though. But that would be... cardboard piracy. Java does involve many small tools (JARs), but they all get loaded into one VM process. The issue is not modularity vs. giants but how modularity is implemented. I didn't look at the docs in detail, but how do you know they start a new process for each request? OTOH, virtualization with bare-virtual-metal VMs would eliminate the Unix-Java impedance mismatch. There'd be no Unix, thus no Unix-Java mismatch. You'd only have Java tools (such as they are) to manage your Java code. Of course, you'd have different problems. Blub thinking. People who have completely bought into the MS stack won't see any value in App Engine. I don't even like Rails, but comparing it to Paris is just mean. http://www-03.ibm.com/systems/power/hardware/520/browse_linu... ~$5,500 per core. The blade is cheaper but you'd have to buy a chassis. That's why Power6 has enormous memory bandwidth (~50 GB/s theoretical). zinxq: Permalinks are good. The next low-hanging fruit is auto-restarting instances, so you don't have to have two instances just to babysit each other. I realized recently that exokernels are basically the same thing as hypervisors. So maybe some lessons from the exokernel can be used in today's virtualized environments. Rails libOS, anyone? For anyone interested in OSes, I recommend the EROS, Sun Spring, Singularity, and Synthesis papers; they are signposts outside the well-explored Unix/VMS territory. Sure, so maybe in reality you only get ~30 GB/s/socket, which is 15 GB/s/core. That's a lot more bandwidth than other systems have. He's probably comparing a crap PC against a Mac Pro workstation, conveniently ignoring that they use different components. But as long as Apple refuses to make the xMac, this stuff won't go away. ATI was promoting assembly language GPU programming for a while, so I guess CUDA could be considered high-level in comparison. But it's still funny. This headline is a bit misleading. It can't execute Python code on the GPU; it's just a faster version of NumPy that uses the GPU for some tasks. I'm still trying to figure out what problem Webtops solve. IBM doesn't use Exchange since IBM makes Lotus Notes, which works fine on OS X. Sorta like how IOS is illegally tied to Cisco hardware and my car's engine firmware is illegally tied to the engine computer, etc? It depends what decision you are talking about: Can Mac experts use Macs productively? Can we switch all employees to Macs? etc. This doesn't look like SaaS to me. It's software rental. I'm sure a lot of customers don't know what the difference is, though, and it probably benefits MS to confuse the two. Browser history sniffing to determine the user's IDP will be a big step; is anyone from Clickpass or JainRain listening? In related news, Slysoft (which cracks Blu-ray for profit) got tired of people reverse-engineering their cracks and distributing them for free, so they moved to a SaaS model where apparently all the cracking happens on a server. This should make life a bit more difficult for Macrovision. This headline is not accurate; XP is a rumor. Yeah, like all of them AFAIK. And packet-switched voice isn't automatically cheaper than circuit-switched. So is there any difference between "scaling" and "performance tuning"? I don't think that MS ever claimed that Singularity would produce a product, while Taligent was supposed to be a real OS IIRC. Many of the PA Semi team also worked on StrongARM; maybe Apple thinks they can outdo the Cortex. The C block is Verizon's, so it will have no effect on AT&T, Sprint, and T-Mobile customers. It's not a given IMO that Android will take off quickly. The market for smart phones (iPhone/BlackBerry) is small, and Android may not work well on cheap phones. But maybe the cheap phones won't participate in the "mobile war" (whatever that is) because those customers only use voice, SMS, and ringtones anyway. Let's say Verizon has 30% market share and 20% of their customers have smart phones and (magically) all those phones run Android; that's 6% of the total wireless maket (by volume). You're doing it wrong. If you want to pimp your blog here, you should at least tell us what it is about. Even better would be linking to a particular post that you think will be relevant to us. Like a mix of pet names and a Levien trust metric. http://www.erights.org/elib/capability/pnml.html http://www.levien.com/free/tmetric-HOWTO.html Some app developers have solved this by adding an exception to the GPL stating that linking to the library is allowed. You can only add the exception if you are the copyright holder. Some apps have switched to LGPL to allow linking proprietary libraries. For some reason I just imagined "Does Marsellus Wallace look like a pirate?!" What ain't no web site I ever heard of! They speak Lisp in What?! (I see some moderators have no sense of humor, even on the weekend.) This appears to be yet another symptom of the poor Windows port; on PS3 it's much easier to quit. Yes, or press the PlayStation button that allows you to exit any game at any time. And so do all professional Web designers. It's not a big deal. That attitude should make it easy for smart employers to weed them out. This is obviously old since it doesn't cover Flash 9, Flex, and AIR, but still interesting. That's what usually happens when a non-programmer tries to explain a programming topic to other non-programmers. What's the point? Is this better than KVM? Yes, KVM can run any OS as a guest. It appears that AJAX cross-browser compatibility problems can be solved using infinite money. Besides video, what compelling Flash features aren't available in JS+HTML? Why would compressed bytecode (Flash) be larger than source code (JavaScript)? AMF is also generally smaller than JSON or XML. Sun has a cloud all built, but they won't let people sign up for it. Maybe that will be the announcement this week. But making your own player doesn't give you any say over the future of Flash, so if you do that you're getting on a treadmill controlled by Adobe. This is true, but most people don't care. Worse is better. You could argue that it's still unlimited; you could transfer terabytes if you want and you'll just get a bill for it. It's certainly not flat rate, though. That's such an obvious neutrality violation that the ISPs would be shamed into changing their policies. Of course, it gets trickier when the same company provides capped Internet access and uncapped non-IP-based services. FIOS exists in few places. Cable companies already vary speeds and pricing from city to city, so you can expect that they will only implement such customer-hostile plans in cities where FIOS is not available. You could argue that driving high-cost customers to FIOS is a good strategy, but I suspect monthly transfer caps will even drive away some customers who would never actually hit them but are just nervous about getting huge bills. Android will be open after they release the source. Right now the hype has gotten a little ahead of reality. Most of the articles on mainstream tech news sites like CNet and the Register are already rephrased press releases or summaries of articles written by actual journalists. Why should we expect bloggers to behave any better? For example, check out this article that doesn't even bother to hide the fact that it was completely copied from EE Times: http://www.fool.com/investing/general/2008/04/28/will-the-fe... Why not just link to the original? Oh yeah, pageviews. cf. http://publishing2.com/2008/05/04/the-declining-value-of-red... The *AA don't understand technology and don't really want to. Many people think that DRM is about preventing copies, but it's actually about showing good faith. That's why they allowed Apple to use a DRM system that is much weaker than their competitors: Steve Jobs gave them the impression that he was on their side and that's all they wanted. MS is just taking it to the next level. They promise to investigate some watermark technology (that they know won't work) and get some concessions from NBC in exchange. I'll just quote John Gilmore: "Freeing up specs for things that the community has already reverse-engineered makes for good publicity, and eliminates a legal EULA issue that Adobe was likely to lose in court in most countries, but doesn't change anything substantial." http://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/gnash-dev/2008-05/msg00004... So "cloud" actually means "sharded"? Wow, I've never heard that one before. The TLD registries are treated like public utilities and regulated by ICANN so that they can only make "reasonable" profit. I think allowing VeriSign to increase prices faster than inflation when their costs are constantly falling is a little more than reasonable, but at $8 it's hard to complain. These prices, even as low as they are, do preclude certain business models like giving a free domain to every user and making it back on ads. That'll be $120; no need to tip me. http://www.digitalfilmtools.com/powerstroke/ I suspect Toshiba will solve that problem by not allowing you to program the SPEs at all. :-) Not necessarily. For example, Flash Player cannot listen for incoming TCP connections at all, and it can only open new connections to a server if the server has a cross-domain policy allowing it. If similar restrictions are in place for UDP then P2P may not be possible. However, Amicima's technology was P2P VoIP, so I would not be surprised if the P2P aspect has been retained. But P2P VoIP is still completely different from P2P file transfer. It was not possible, since Flash Player cannot listen for incoming connections, and can make outgoing connections only under limited circumstances. I realized recently that Facebook is trying to rebuild the entire Web inside their site. Home pages, check. Email, check. IM, calendaring, photo sharing, dating, check. Next they will add VoIP, photo editing, an office suite... So how many servers do you need to replace the entire Web ? 60,000 doesn't sound like enough. Wow, that is impressively evil. Maybe that's why vendors don't want to open their firmware. You know, you can turn that off by following the "why am I here?" link. Dream on. I have dealt with the BIOS world, and if it ain't completely broken they won't touch it. They aren't even willing to adopt EFI. Without knowing your needs, it's hard to tell. However, you can get similar specs from SoftLayer or The Planet for $500/month. Both of these arguments sound like "we're going to build what our customers should want, not what they actually want". That rarely works except in a monopoly situation. Maybe OLPC imagined themselves as some sort of benevolent monopoly, but that rarely works as well. Here are some in-depth resources about asynchronous network IO: http://www.unpbook.com/ (I'm glad to see that someone took over from Stevens so that these books don't languish.) http://www.kegel.com/c10k.html Read more carefully. If you increase the marginal tax rate, GDP probably decreases and thus tax revenue decreases. So shard more, or get more disks, or get flash or whatever. (Yes, I don't know what I'm talking about.) Hank's proposed solution is expensive; we should just admit that up front. But is it more expensive than being down and fighting fires all the time? My guess is that Twitter's downtime is due to overload, not hardware failures. Thus a scalable system (even one with a high slope) reduces the overload/downtime problem to "buy more servers -- now!" instead of the "analyze bottleneck, rewrite code" loop that it sounds like Twitter is in now. In the trade, phone numbers are called DIDs. Once you realize that you want to buy 100 DIDs you should have an easier time finding providers. http://www.voip-info.org/wiki/view/DID+Service+Providers Counterpoint: Price discrimination allows people who can't afford the full version to buy the crippled version. Joel had an entertaining Yegge-long post on this topic: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/CamelsandRubberDuckie... Of course, you can't even have that discussion with FSFers, since they're interested in freedom at any cost. Also, price discrimination does not apply if the vendor only sells the crippled version (as with many DRM systems). Maybe you read some of the wrong press coverage. OLPC will be offering a choice of Linux-only or dual-boot laptops, so every one will still have Linux (which may or may not be used). Some customers demanded Windows or nothing and OLPC choose to deliver dual-boot instead of nothing; hopefully those dual-boot laptops will create volume and help OLPC bring the price down for everyone. I don't think dual-boot will lead to fewer users of Linux/Sugar; people who want Linux will still use Linux and people who want Windows will apparently never use Linux and you can't force them to. It's anti-freedom to ban customers from running Windows on hardware that they own. You forgot to mention the antigravity generator so that it has negative net weight. Levitation also allows better airflow. The flip side is that putting all your auth in one basket makes it worth spending money to protect it. Unfortunately, I don't see any OpenID providers other than VeriSign doing this. Supposedly AT&T is already kicking back money to Apple every month, but I guess now the iPhone will be double-subsidized. That's how the Internet was originally supposed to work, but now people are surprised by it. Now if only they could ship that huge backlog of orders. I would assume that video editing is a mostly sequential workload and thus would do better on conventional drives. You can get 10 1TB drives for the price of one Fusion io card. Samsung may have a lead since they make their own flash chips, but I expect other vendors to be only a month or two behind them. Another diversionary non-announcement; I don't think Facebook could have prevented anyone from cloning their APIs, and being able to plug Facebook apps into a different social network won't help much since you lose the network effect. This seems a lot clunkier than using client certificates. "if the release of the ''virus'' prompts measures like a tightening of computer security, the country's economy could be harmed, rather than helped" How far we have fallen. S3 is not a CDN, but it is a cheap way to deliver static content. Do you care more about performance or price? I think going directly from shared hosting to EC2 is a bad idea unless you're an experienced sysadmin. Try shared -> (managed) VPS -> dedicated server -> EC2. This is useful mostly because it debunks some of the incorrect and unfounded speculation about the topic. I see they still insist on using confusing units. Would it be so hard to say 2.5 GHz? Yeah, for some reason he forgot to list "I accidentally crashed the Internet" as an accomplishment on his home page. Ignoring NetBurst and assuming that Amazon decommissions servers after three or four years, I think frequency is a decent proxy for performance. If I built EC2 I would expose the real frequency and processor type, so instead of renting a "c1.xlarge" instance, you'd ask for "8x2.5GHz-IntelCore-7GB". In what way does this hurt blog owners? Very few people suggest that you should never take on technical debt. But you should consciously choose to do it and there should be a reason, just like there has to be a reason for financial debt. Common carrier regulations do not apply to ISPs; in fact they buy whatever regulations they want. Doesn't that virtually eliminate the point of copyright? Almost all music and movies are bought for "personal use", so what if everyone downloaded for free instead of paying? I forgot about the recordable media taxes, although I think that simply paying for the music you listen to is simpler and fairer. S3's performance is significantly worse than real CDNs: http://davidcancel.com/2008/05/29/using-amazon-s3-as-a-cdn/ As the article says, true open source hardware (like OGP) is pointless, so they're using the term to mean "documented hardware". Wasn't Stross the one who wrote about using Python scripts to generate mazes of shell companies? I suspect you need some pretty interesting fraud to impress him. A simple matter of programming. Just add AP mode to the wi-fi driver and enable NAT routing in the network stack. I have a feeling AT&T wouldn't allow it, though; they'd probably prefer that you get a more expensive plan if you're going to run a stompbox. We're talking about the phone company; "unlimited" means whatever they want it to mean. Maybe it doesn't exist because data-mining unstructured bits is not worth the effort and there's no obvious place to attach ads? Fair use is an exception to copyright, so it still applies even if a feed says "you can't do anything with this data". I don't know whether fair use applies in your case. Google News certainly gets special treatment, but in the opposite way you intended: they've been sued by newspapers and newswires for behavior that appears totally legal to many observers. http://news.cnet.com/2100-1030_3-6174008.html Usenet has been in decline for years; I've heard that only 1% or less of Internet users access Usenet these days, and most of them are probably the "bandwidth hogs" that ISPs hate anyway. Time Warner used to have news server farms in each city then they outsourced their Usenet to one of the big providers. This just gives ISPs an excuse to stop wasting money on Usenet altogether. Switching to the FreeBSD kernel seems like it would have been a good idea back in the Rhapsody days, but Tevanian probably wouldn't allow it. By now Apple has added so many OS X-specific features like IOKit and DRM that it would be a lot of work to switch. Costs a fortune to maintain, costs a fortune to switch. Did you read the part of the article where Apple bought PA Semi, a company full of expert chip designers? For the iPhone 2G it is rumored that Apple gets a monthly kickback from AT&T. For the iPhone 3G it is rumored that Apple gets over $200 upfront from AT&T and nothing after that. But as someone else pointed out, if you make money on the razor and the blades it's not the Gillette business model. It depends whether the ISP's bottleneck is the last mile or the border. Also, Time Warner outsourced their Usenet service a few years ago so all the traffic goes over the Internet to Virginia. I still have to wonder if Intel will finalize the host controller spec after their own chipset has taped out. Fixed: http://www.mattcutts.com/blog/dont-end-your-urls-with-exe/ Charging per byte is neutral and it solves your problem, so just switch to Time Warner and be happy. But I agree that there seem to be a lot of warez kiddies who are riding the net neutrality bandwagon as long as they think it will benefit them. Who said anything about "purely as a webserver"? There's iCal, iChat, wikis, Open Directory, etc. This service will probably be over $100/month; for development purposes a Mac mini would probably be a better option. Virtual Leopard -> VDI -> thin clients -> fewer Macs sold. Except Dalvik came from Android; it sounds like this is a different team. No, it doesn't. There are fundamental laws governing parallelization of code, and Apple can't beat them: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=222279 And that's not even getting into the speed of light. SPF allows some verification of mail servers and some antispam systems will do an SMTP callback to verify that the sender address is a valid address. http://openjdk.java.net/legal/binary-plugs-2007-05-08.html Plagiarized article, mod down. No, but you're wasting screen space with your content-free post. Why is flagging bad? http://mantrid.wordpress.com/2008/04/28/do-android-dream-of-... Summary: Sort of. Scala yes, JRuby/Jython no. I think there are enough fools in the world to justify a .fool TLD. Maybe it will be run by the.motley.fool. The point is that the developers of git don't use any bug tracker. It doesn't matter how much bug tracking software is available if they refuse to use it. Honestly I'm not surprised; I don't think Linus uses any of the Linux bug trackers either. .pg is already owned by Papua New Guinea. Besides, ICANN may reserve all two-letter TLDs for countries. I think half the people who say "rails doesn't scale" are idiots and the rest are making fun of the first half for trying to reduce the issue to such a glib statement. The whole business stinks. I wonder if these black hats offer right of first refusal to the affected vendors, because that sure sounds like extortion. "I'll happily sell this exploit to you... or to the Russian mob -- it's your choice." Some of the SSDs in the article are using sophisticated controllers that consume more power. Not really. You can practice cluster programming on a single core and your OpenMP, TBB, and Cilk++ programs won't run on a cluster. Besides what iron_ball said, in-game loans are usually unregulated and thus unreliable. And it's already been removed. Jokes don't last long in Wikipedia. Are multiple AMI instances run on the same physical servers? Yes. A physical server is probably 8 cores and 32GB RAM, so an instance is 1/Nth of that. If so, does the load from one customer's server instance negatively effect all of the others on the same hardware? Not much, since CPU and RAM are not oversubscribed. I don't know about the disks and network. Not for portability. Do most Windows users have PS viewers installed? Of course, to even read this page requires you to log in to Facebook. Classic. This is an obvious pitch for F5's (expensive) products. What a bad idea. Would you want to run Symbian, WinCE, and Android simultaneously on one phone, no doubt with quite different UIs? VMware has been skimming the cream off the virtualization market and making enormous profit in the process, but that can't continue forever. Soon they must choose between sticking with the small but high-margin enterprise consolidation business and growing with lower margins. Can't retain? It looks like Greene was fired. If they wanted to retain her, they would have. SMART exists; the SSD makers just need to use it. Prices are dropping rapidly; I have a hunch that this Samsung drive is the same as the 128GB OCZ SSD that is selling for under $600. Nov. 2001: "Moshe Yanai, VP of engineering at EMC and the inventor of its Symmetrix flagship storage array, has received a cut of Symmetrix sales for over a decade. And they maintain that the arrangement has thwarted EMC’s ability to create new hardware for a tougher market. ... EMC denies rumors that Yanai is set to leave the company." http://www.byteandswitch.com/document.asp?doc_id=9644 Dec. 2001: "the chief engineer would no longer oversee the company's hardware division and, instead, would become an adviser to CEO Joseph Tucci. ... Yanai was pushed aside and really sidelined." http://www.bizjournals.com/boston/stories/2001/12/24/newscol... 2002: "XIV is led by Moshe Yanai, one of the key architects of data storage systems and instrumental in the development of EMC's Symmetrix and DMX product lines throughout the 1990s." http://www.xivstorage.com/company/company_background.asp 2008: XIV bought by IBM to compete against EMC. Onion routing solves a different problem: anonymizing traffic. This "project" doesn't aim to provide anonymity, just resistance against sniffing and some MITMs. Onion routing provides encryption as a side effect of anonymity, but it's massively inefficient compared to just encryption. I interpreted the "I have the graphs to prove it" as humor. Obviously the graphs prove nothing, but I found they helped explain the arguments. IPv6 and IPSec are orthogonal. Despite persistent myths to the contrary, IPv6 is not encrypted by default. What does "mandatory" mean? What happens if you don't implement it? I agree that the Pirate Bay should join forces with the IETF BTNS effort that is already underway, but this is still orthogonal to IPv4/IPv6. That doesn't sound like filtering, it just sounds like an outage. I doubt the FCC is going to force ISPs to provide reliable service. They make it up on commodity x86 servers, of course. And selling $250 SATA drives for $950. Speaking of precise terminology, I doubt the OS is involved in assigning addresses to C variables. The two benefits mentioned sound like they have nothing to do with Erlang. P3s and P4s? Congratulations, you're killing the planet. Compared to the dual-core 5 GHz Power6, yes, I think they got the memo. The term "supercomputer" becomes meaningless unless its definition is periodically revised. IMO these days you need over 1 TFLOPS to quality. This publicity stunt has nothing to do with reality. This is just Advogato: http://www.advogato.org/trust-metric.html Newer versions of Flash Player and FMS include remote attestation aka SWF verification; AFAIK it hasn't been cracked yet (but it hasn't been reverse-engineered by Red5 either). http://livedocs.adobe.com/flashmediaserver/3.0/docs/03_confi... Here's the attack: The user writes software which performs the same authentication handshake as the official client, but after the handshake it starts sending evil messages to the server. I don't know the name for it, but there's a psychological difference between risks that you could have prevented and ones that you couldn't have. People think driving is safer than flying because they're doing the driving . What does TechCrunch have to do with profit? If bubble companies can build software, why not hardware? Don't forget Neuros, Chumby, and OGP; I wouldn't call any of them successful. "MySpace to exploit OpenID" would be a better headline. SSO won't be achieved if everyone wants to own your identity. Is there consensus among experts about self-signed certificates? What about the new Firefox 3 UI? I wonder if Vimeo was losing money hosting these videos. Losing money + legal liability = "we want to encourage creative expression (by deleting your videos)"? Scaling is not about the number of records or queries, it's about the growth rate of data and queries. Google App Engine is the obvious competition to SimpleDB. Here are some case studies: http://highscalability.com/links/weblink/24 As they say, that's a feature. After everyone is using the idea there are more potential royalties to collect. You do have to stay in business until the patent issues, though. Hey now, don't be so cynical. Software patents also allow startups (composed entirely of lawyers) to patent-troll large corporations. Can't botnets generate a near-infinite supply of bit gold? I admit that my understanding of some of these concepts like futures contracts is negligible, but it still seems bad if, say, 90% of all bit gold is generated by criminals at no cost to them, while regular people have to expend their own resources to create (or buy) bit gold. Why would anyone visit such pages? Much will depend on how Google Search treats Knol pages. Obviously Knol is structured to reward/encourage authors , not contributors . Hopefully the result will be not a Wikipedia-killer but something with a different flavor. Yeah, Google needs to add some kind of benefit that you can't get from just posting an article on your blog. The real name verification is interesting but hardly compelling. Maybe Wikipedia can compete by giving you a free Tufte quote with every edit. Blogs also have this feature. The Windows tax is offset by the crapware subsidy. One way to start to fix this problem is with marketing. Linux is just the kernel; GNOME is the OS. Ubuntu and Fedora are GNOME distros. You shouldn't expect to run KDE or Motif programs on GNOME; after all, they were written for a different operating system. Of course, this divides the former "Linux" market into even smaller pieces... I'm just talking about the current state. It is a fact that interop between GNOME, KDE, and whatever else is so poor that the only way to achieve usability today is to pick one platform and stick with it completely. In some cases the differences between the platforms are arbitrary and they could interop or be merged, but in some cases the differences are philosophical and IMO irreconcilable (you might as well merge the Democratic and Republican parties). Given that situation, I don't see any way to create a single Linux desktop market. But then you probably shouldn't listen to me; I don't even use Linux on the desktop. If a founder has a particular artistic vision that he feels passionate about, nothing is stopping him from forcing it through and then releasing the source code. Except the fact that he'll receive virtually no contributions from the community and thus he'll be limited to whatever can be done by himself and his employees. Also, community-controlled distros have set themselves up as gatekeepers, so most users never even discover software that the distros don't like. I think Shuttleworth has identified the correct problem: We know how to get a large number of programmers to produce high-quality software (employ them) and we know how to get a large number of programmers to produce a large amount of software for free (the bazaar), but we don't know how to convince a large number of programmers to produce high-quality software for free. It's even more confusing; they made deals with chip vendors. Why would you have to pay a chip vendor for each GPS data point? This smells like two-sided business models run wild. It's about as realistic as merging Mach, FreeBSD, NeXTSTEP, and Mac OS. It was done, but it took years, cost a lot, and left a lot of legacy crap in the system. This sounds like a problem in the contest definition. If you want to compare programming languages, come up with programs for which no existing libraries will help or require that 90% of the execution time be spent in the named language. If you want to compare libraries, call it a library comparison and not a language comparison. I think what they mean by "free" is "no charge to the user"; it still costs money to run Web 2.0. Maybe a better tagline would be anything that can be subsidized will inevitably be subsidized. Oh, so you have to recursively unzip for the full effect. I don't know of any tools that do that, although I wouldn't be surprised if virus scanners do it. Wait, someone from the FCC is proposing that the FCC not regulate the Internet? Also, Customer Fair Queuing. If you allow people to vote after they have seen the rankings, you have the wisdom of mobs. The only way to get the wisdom of crowds is to ask people before they have seen other people's opinions. And since nobody ever names names, your startup gets to make these same mistakes over again! The problem is that people discuss these concepts without reading the book and thus miss out on the subtleties. The long tail is another common victim. Disclaimer: I didn't read the book. Privacy is solved with end-to-end crypto and latency is somewhat solved by putting supernodes in every large university. Karma -> karma whoring -> pageviews -> profit? Slashdot no longer displays numeric karma and you can disable display of comment scores. My interpretation of the story is that Apple will use something better than Montevina (perhaps a chipset which runs on RDF instead of electricity). I consider that extremely unlikely. dupe: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=260737 But if Apple could add hardware feature X, why hasn't Intel already implemented that feature? I guess I'm in the minority here, but it's not your job to maintain my computer. Stick to what you're good at. OpenCL suggests that Apple would prefer to perform video encode/decode, physics, etc. on the GPU. It's logical, since the GPU is already paid for. The problem that Singularity attempts to solve is keeping the OS from collapsing under its own weight as it grows. (Sound familiar?) Faster, more reliable code that can evolve quickly. http://research.microsoft.com/os/Singularity/ The other end of the fiber is intended to connect to an Internet exchange point with multiple transit ISPs available. The importance of the quote is that Google is using it to support a common logical fallacy. The MQ people don't seem to be explaining their value to the Web 2.0 kids. When I read the ZeroMQ site the other day I kept thinking "but what is it used for?" Getting free Usenet is noticeably better than paying for it. Er, if you buy an unsubsidized phone you should get a lower-priced, non-contract plan. But you probably don't, which I guess is the point. Eventually I think the carriers will be forced to replace the contract+ETF with a standard loan, which isn't that different from a prorated ETF anyway. It will still allow subsidized phones and plenty of revenue for carriers, but it's a more familiar concept. I have some guesses about how this works. JAR is basically ZIP, which puts the directory at the end of the file. I guess that GIF (or at least most GIF decoders) has a header at the beginning of the file and will ignore any garbage at the end of a file. Sites can filter this out without recompressing by canonicalizing images; i.e. removing any data that is not necessary for properly decoding the image. (The OS X spell checker suggests "cannibalizing" instead of "canonicalizing". I guess you could do that, too.) FAIL. GPUs can encode/decode H.264, so there's no reason for a separate chip. The argument that torrent users should be able to use all the bandwidth they've paid for is totally disconnected from ISP economics, and I wish someone would start calling people out on it. Wait, that's what I'm doing right now. ISPs are built on statistical multiplexing. They pay something like $40/Mbps/month and resell that bandwidth for around one tenth that price. If ISPs had enough capacity to satisfy all their customers simultaneously, they have to increase prices or decrease speeds enormously. If 6M service suddenly cost $200/month, then any kind of multimedia on the Net dies immediately. Statistical multiplexing benefits almost all Internet users (whose traffic is bursty), so it's not going away. MP4 is an odd format: all frame metadata, usually about 2% of the total file size, is in the front of the file and MUST be fully downloaded & decoded before a video will start playing. Actually that sounds quite convenient for seeking. Also, http://code.google.com/p/rubyizumi/ If you have both, maybe you can justify charging for the app (assuming that it has some advantages over the site, such as location awareness). Use the Web version for free, and pay for the app if you want more. It's possible for the user to change browser settings; I have mine set to 14pt. Should a Web designer assume that the user has configured the browser to their liking or not? Should this assumption depend on what decade it is? OTOH, if your product does not work out of the box then the customer who wants something now should not buy your product. Not listing the price prevents these customers from buying the product and then clogging the support line. :-) Bram isn't running the company; he's not even the CTO. Worst-case, Bram gets to collect a salary for five years and then walk away from the smoking wreckage. There's still time to sell to Adobe. (I don't think Amicima's technology is comparable to BitTorrent.) From the "things you can't say" department: This is hardly surprising. There have been several lawsuits about Web crawlers: http://ilt.eff.org/index.php/Trespass_to_Chattels Get funding? This is the classic case for VC, assuming that you eventually plan to convert those users into revenue. This is nice, but it probably isn't enough. Because T-Mobile has so many different phone models, a single app will only be able to reach a fraction of their customers. Don't worry, OpenSolaris is busy fragmenting into multiple distros. :-( Here's a forum dedicated to answering that question: http://www.webhostingtalk.com/forumdisplay.php?f=103 So plug in a keyboard and monitor. One point of the article is that laptops are now good enough to be most people's primary "desktop" computer and they're also portable. Who's downstream of whom? I don't think very many Unix users want a substantially different environment and Sun can't afford to develop it anyway. Not really. If you have window scaling disabled, FAST won't help. If you have window scaling enabled, FAST might help a little. But Netflix does say that. e.g.: Twin Peaks: Season 1 (3-Disc Series) Because you enjoyed: Mulholland Drive Brazil Videodrome So right away I know that Twin Peaks is pretty freaky. Firefox 2 behaved similar to other browsers, giving one warning dialog for self-signed certs. People are complaining because Firefox 3 changed that to an annoying 4-step process. Although the data is available for download, it says in several places that it's not free. Apparently you need to negotiate a license. “Embracing open source development, crowd-sourcing content, targeting different platforms such as the Web or mobile phones, all of these are valid,” Danger, buzzword level approaching critical. Core meltdown imminent. A serious gamer might buy 10 traditional games per year, but only one MMO. If you create the 5th-best game of the year you can make significant money, but if you create the 5th-best MMO, you fail. I think those low-budget MMOs are not subscription-based; they have a freemium model where most people play for free and some people pay to pimp out their character. So the article is saying that non-subscription MMOs are more profitable than subscription MMOs. It's basically Web 2.0 for games. There was a recent article in Phrack on this topic: http://www.phrack.org/issues.html?issue=65&id=13#article Can we have the paper instead of the press release? I guess it wouldn't get voted up, though. The GPU is higher power but much higher performance and thus more power-efficient. "We regret to inform developers that Android 1.0 will not support 3.5" floppy disks." Classic. BTW, I think this is called the trusted path problem. The article is about IP that is created outside the job. Obviously a company should own its own IP. There were two related papers from SIGCOMM that I found interesting: Changhoon Kim, Matthew Caesar and Jennifer Rexford: Floodless in SEATTLE: A Scalable Ethernet Architecture for Large Enterprises. http://ccr.sigcomm.org/online/?q=node/373 Albert Greenberg, Parantap Lahiri, David A. Maltz, Parveen Patel, Sudipta Sengupta: Towards a Next Generation Data Center Architecture: Scalability and Commoditization. http://conferences.sigcomm.org/sigcomm/2008/workshops/presto... It depends on the definition of a derivative work. If you don't need to be elastic a VPS may be cheaper than EC2. Legacy, of course. Beyond that I would look to the language semantics, not performance. Note that this article appears to be written by a crank who creates Wikipedia articles (that all get deleted) to promote his obscure computer architecture research. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reiner_Hartenstein http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_talk:Rainier3 ISPs aren't common carriers now. P4P doesn't involve any discrimination by the ISPs, since it merely provides hints to P2P apps about which peers are faster. As several people have pointed out, there's no point in providing misleading hints, since it would just cause P2P apps to ignore them altogether. OCaml may be a good candidate; consider the example of Melange which was 1/3 the LOC of equivalent C with the same performance. Given the significant changes made in the fast extension, maybe it should have a cooler name like "BitTorrent 3000". I think I'm seeing a pattern here. The spammer creates an account and immediately posts three links. I wonder if that's a HN limit or an artifact of the spammer's behavior. Were those sources actually linked from the Disqus article? It's such a good idea that it's already been done N times already. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ping_blog But some of the ping servers already publish SUP-like consolidated feeds. I might be violating the first rule of Fight Club or something, but nickb is more than one person. I thought we weren't supposed to have religious or political content on HN. :-) Indeed. When I (briefly) worked on hardware, even the prototypes had to be contracted out because you can't make PCBs and solder BGA on your kitchen table. We were aiming substantially higher than a tablet, though, so maybe you can do a lot with an eval board and some sheet metal. I understand why they did this (right now my OmniWeb has a rsize of 1GB and vsize of 2.9GB), but the idea of a process manager for a browser still bothers me. Tracemonkey adopted ideas and pieces of Tamarin. Is that Chromium the system for interactive rendering on clusters of graphics workstations or Chromium the open-source browser project? I guess if you're Google you can take whatever name you want. This sounds like a cut-and-paste from some other Google TOS and it will probably be fixed after enough people complain. (Note: A browser isn't a service.) “Heartland Robotics is combining the power of computation — embodied in robots — and the extraordinary intelligence of the American workforce, to rehumanize and revitalize manufacturing.” Unless their business plan is based on government subsidies (do the robots run on corn?), this doesn't sound wise to me. Are you a businessman or a politician? Claiming rights to everything that passes though your browser is a stretch even for Google. It can't be right. They tell you to install a monitoring tool. In Cocoa you use Interface Builder to "draw" the UI. Does Cappuccino have its own IB equivalent? BTW, do desktop GUI apps have non-programmer designers? This is already done in Safari (and probably other browsers): http://webkit.org/blog/96/background-music/ In both Safari 2 and WebKit nightlies, GIFs don’t animate unless they are being painted somewhere. If an animated GIF becomes invisible, then the animation will pause and no CPU will be consumed by the animation. Therefore all animated images in a background tab will not animate until the page in that tab becomes visible. If an animated GIF is scrolled offscreen even on a foreground page, it will stop animating until it becomes visible again. Many plugins do animation and work based off being pumped “null events” in which they do processing. The faster you pump these events, the faster animations will occur, and the more CPU will be used. Safari 2 actually throttles these events aggressively to background windows and background tabs. You only need to bootstrap it once and write out an image. I wonder if they're getting enough value from Erlang to justify the complexity of the hybrid Erlang/Python implementation. IOW, why not write it completely in Python? I'm not really proposing anything, since the V8 team has forgotten more about VMs than I know, just pointing out another common design alternative. The post implies that V8 can already perform some sort of AOT compilation: When you build V8 from source, you can have it generate a snapshot of the memory state once the libraries are loaded and this gets packaged in the executable. It makes it slightly bigger but the load time is blazingly fast. There's certainly extra work in this approach, but maybe it would be worth it if it allows the compiler to be written in a more productive language. This may not be first; I think Chandler also supports iCal. I don't ever recall a time when a web page that I was loading pegged my CPU. I see this occasionally due to browser bugs. (This is tautological, since I define pegging the CPU as a bug.) In some sense Chrome is the first postmodern browser: instead of trying to eliminate bugs it lets you kill -9 tabs. Zero risk is easy to understand and makes nice slogans, but there's money to be made in managing non-zero risk. I wouldn't say no one was listening; VDI is almost an industry now. Come on. http://searchyc.com/hosting There is a "Hackintosh" VMware image, but you didn't hear that from me. Just buy a Mac mini. (Mac zealots, cue complaints about "iPhone carpetbaggers".) Drobo? Time Capsule? If the hard disk detects the bit error, it will return an I/O error instead of the corrupt data. Likewise, ZFS will not return corrupt data. So there are plenty of cases where bit errors are promoted to block errors. I can understand the desire to minimize propagation of corruption, but I'd rather just use RAID. I want it to have a SATA interface so the problem would be solved in hardware. I don't see much difference between SATA and Firewire; in both cases Drobo is hardware RAID. Time Capsule fails if the disk fails (and backups aren't stored elsewhere). But then you just make a new backup. To protect against disk failure, you can use backup or RAID. (RAIDed backup is a little expensive for personal use.) Backup also protects against file deletion or corruption. Hard disks already use error correction, but you can add more if the uncorrectable error rate isn't low enough for you. Obviously you can't just eliminate congestion control, and the coding rate should be adaptive to reduce overhead. At least one startup has gone broke on this idea already, but maybe it's possible to do it right. The marketing angle is that your data is stored in "the cloud", where sometimes the cloud is a data center and sometimes it's P2P. People won't fear what they don't know. Try S3-FUSE or SSHFS. OTOH, we can't expect Microsoft to do nothing while Intel takes their lock-in away. Larrabee runs DirectX, so games will only have to have one engine. Software rendering will only kick in once all GPUs can support it. Translation: Very expensive hosting. PA Semi made PowerPCs, not ARMs. The fact that the former PA team is workin on ARM is "news" (although obvious to everyone in the business). I would go meta: If you're an experienced Web designer and the boss isn't, then he shouldn't be telling you want tools to use. On second thought, that probably won't work. Maybe try an argument from authority: Major Web sites such as the New York Times are all hand-coded. Dude, it has "military-grade security"! :-) Yikes. At my company we use the IBM/Amex expense reporting system; when I start an expense report in the tool, it shows all the recent transaction on my card and I just add them to the report and submit it. Then the company pays Amex. Usually no receipts are needed. Is nothing like this available for small businesses? After you write your app to be shared-nothing, VMware will happily scale it for you. That may ease system administration, but it won't make parallel programming any easier. It's interesting that they bought Jabber Inc. and not Process One. A more accurate headline would be dirac-research codebase (which should only be used by codec researchers, not users) 1.0 released. The version that users should use (Schroedinger) hit 1.0 a while ago. It's a very simplified explanation. In the future you will have a choice between fewer, fatter cores (Nehalem etc.) or many, slower cores (Niagara, Larrabee, Tilera, etc.). The massive multicore chips will have more MIPS and MIPS/W if you can use them . But if you can't use them, don't buy them. No, they weren't wrong. People like Hillis and now Patterson are thinking hardware-centric; the most efficient thing to build is many small cores. But users don't want that. If people bought hardware efficiency, we'd all be using Transputers, Alphas, and Cells. The real challenge is to figure out the most efficient design that customers will actually buy. Oracle has new licensing, but the article doesn't say what it is. $10/hour? $100? Let's see, Gmail is free and the Gphone includes Gmail. No surprise there. The fact that this is a story just exposes the brokenness of the cellular industry. The headline is a little misleading; they're replacing some desktop apps with other desktop apps. Dupe: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=312761 Is GTK really a benefit compared to Cocoa? The difference is that Google changed their license after people complained. Presumably developers aren't pushing the boundaries of the NDA because they fear being banned for life , so there's nothing for Apple to enforce. If you want to write a cross-platform app, I argue that GTK is still not a very good solution. I wonder how Adobe is progressing with their cross-platform Cocoa-based CS5. Maybe Real Steve Jobs hired him to run iPhone developer relations. They want to encourage Flash Player proliferation and discourage fragmentation, so they're letting people write Flash Player clones? It appears that Adobe is about to re-learn some of Sun's painful lessons from Java. Compute time on random home PCs is essentially worthless, or at least worth less than the overhead cost of managing it. And for many users the cloud is about storage and bandwidth as much as about compute. There are specific cases where P2P works. I view clouds as generic infrastructure which is much more difficult to replace with P2P. The trend from voice to SMS is good for the carriers, because SMS is priced something like 1000x higher per bit than voice. In some sense it supports the "value-add" business model, because if the carriers were dumb pipes they would charge the same per bit for SMS and voice. I agree that content still isn't king, though. I thought Ellison had a supermodel for each day of the week. Is he cutting back? OTOH, PCs worked before they were connected to the Net. People self-administered their computers for a long time; was it an anomaly? you can't have superior computing power like the "cloud" provides and expect to retain total transparency/privacy. Something has to give. Sure, but some people would prefer to give on price rather than privacy. Hopefully the market will continue to offer that choice. Given that Canonical is supposedly much smaller than RH or Novell, I wonder why they didn't devote 1/Nth of their budget to polish and reap the disproportionate rewards. Apple prohibits iPhone apps that can download code. Perhaps Adobe could provide a Flash Player "library" that app developers could "link" into their Flash apps. I wonder how successful such apps would be, given that they wouldn't support multi-touch and probably wouldn't follow iPhone UI guidelines. I think in open Web land the alternative is to just not write the app. Unregulated, unaudited, free products that few people are qualified to understand are a disaster waiting to happen. http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2007/04/a_security_mar... Maybe you haven't heard: In Web 2.0, only free databases exist. Clustered relational databases can't exist, because if they could, the open source community would have already written one. Can I interest you in yet another sharding tutorial? Free space optics is hardly new. It's very directional and short range, which eliminates many of the benefits of wireless. No smiley needed; I've read serious predictions that China will invade neighboring countries for water and women within a few decades. Self-dupe: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=326751 Exclusives are shady because companies use them to "buy" uncritical press coverage. It's not clear that there are any exclusives here, though. I'm not aware of any standards for Ethernet crypto before WEP, so I don't know what they would have borrowed. Something from DOCSIS maybe. Heck, the IEEE didn't even come up with MACsec until recently. Yeah, the many-worlds interpretation really takes the fun out of things. (But what was Fraa Jad up to?) I thought Arc didn't support Unicode. Maybe it just passes through. You'd have to flash it at something like 38 kHz, but I have a feeling it doesn't support that. All the certified WiMAX equipment requires licensed spectrum, which the rural wireless ISPs cannot afford. Once unlicensed WiMAX equipment comes out the WISPs will probably adopt it. "the users tried to log in using the site’s main login, rather than the OpenID login. Users don’t understand multiple ways to log in" There's the first problem. If your site only accepts OpenID you won't have that problem. Also, I don't know of a single site that is using an ID selector with history sniffing, which should be a much better UI. That's FUD to sell Credentica, and many of those problems cannot be fixed if you assume an unmodified Web browser. Your definition of "light-weight process" appears to be the same as a normal process. Don't forget also that when your CPU shares time, it divides up the time equally among the processes. So if your application creates 20 processes, it takes a disproportionate amount of CPU time (I believe, someone correct me if I'm wrong). It depends on the OS. In most cases, threads are the only schedulable entity (think of a classic process as containing one thread), so there is no difference between 20 single-threaded processes and one process with 20 threads.