I gnu I had a great quip about his property and identity being open sourced, but can't quite put it together. I hope I don't come off rude, but I don't see anything here that I couldn't get on oDesk. Maybe less. On oDesk, I can pick a language. Here, you don't mention what your skills are. So I could send you 3 problems, one in Lua, one in ColdFusion, and the third a distributed map reduce job for MongoDB, and assume you do them all? Given the grammar and the names on the About Us, I assume I'm paying cheap off-shore rates? What I'm seeing here is a group of folks who want to tackle outsourced work, but aren't big enough or experienced enough to take on full projects. The attempt is to brand it in such a way to capture some of the startup dollars out there. However in reality, it's just the same kind of freelancing that's been going on for 15 years. Click the "raw" link and it's a readable wrapping text-only mode. Why did it take so long? Small team, SDK limitations, funding? I can't imagine that porting an Obj-C code base to Java would take as long as it did. (Doesn't matter how long original code base took; that was development, whereas porting code is more "manufacturing") Not trolling, just curious. Original iPad being junk? There's tons still in service. As a matter of fact, I'd imagine most who upgraded to the 2 or 3 did so due to additional features (camera, Retina), not the RAM. Also, how do I upgrade the RAM in a Galaxy Tab or a Kindle Fire? I think the lack of upgradability is endemic to the tablet form-factor. Would any tablet manufacturer? What do you mean by easily? Recycling is a very industrial operation; it's more than just the neat little recycling containers you see in the suburbs. If iFixit shows you how to do it, you can be guaranteed that professional recyclers can do it. Especially if it's a material of value: they meticulously disassemble dishwashers all the time for the copper contained within. tldr; recycling != recycling bin "Nothing"? I assume you're referring to phones and tablets. You do remember that Apple makes more than iPhones and iPads, right? Despite the attention the new rMBP gets, they are still selling iMacs, Mac Minis, and MBPs that are easily upgraded. Obsolete in 2-3 years? No, those would be Android devices, where a phone 12 months old often can't run or doesn't have an upgraded version of Android OS. However, the iPhone 3GS, released 3+ years ago, will run iOS 6. I don't know of a single product Apple makes that's obsolete in a year: obsolete doesn't mean "doesn't have latest and greatest features". 3GS phones run pretty much all the apps a 4S runs; ditto on the original iPad compared to a new one. Cute to quote a troll comment. However, you can see it's a MacBook Air - those start at $1000, as it appears to be an 11-inch model. Moreover, the article never mentioned being unable to afford; he mentions lack of space. Be fair and link to the review: http://www.ifixit.com/Teardown/Kindle-Fire-Teardown/7099/2#s... Main positives are for ability to remove the back side and use of Phillips screws: big pluses. However, primary iPad issues: glued on front glass, RAM, persistent storage: all true for Kindle as well. I wonder what % of HN readers are totally confused by this? 50%? 75%? Google does overwhelmingly support one party over another, and was the 5th largest donor to Obama's 2008 campaign: http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-505123_162-46840313/google-polit... Probably had nothing to do with the takedown, as YouTube says they take down everything with a DMCA claim attached. Still, you can't dispute the fact that the parties involved aren't objective: the money says otherwise. By title? By summary? Surely not by parsing the audio. If automated, why so quick to take down, when there's videos that have been up for years that are the original recordings? Why trolling? If we criticize censorship of Kim Dotcom or Julian Assange, and express anger, is that trolling? If Westboro Baptist or Glenn Beck abused the DMCA to silence their critics, we'd rightly be waving pitchforks. No different to criticize what appears to be an attack on free speech using the DMCA. Regardless of your political stance, if there appears to be an agenda to silence someone on the one side, then it's fair to label those on the other side as crazy and evil. This reminds of a kid who got totally destroyed in a fight: both eyes are swollen and black, his nose is broken and bleeding, he can barely talk through his swollen lip, and he has a chipped tooth. Then the teacher tells the other guy to apologize and shake your hand. You walk away thinking, "I showed him ..." What % of Android tablets in circulation are the Nexus 7? I'm sure cyclinghacker2's friends are referring to the Galaxy Tab, the Xoom, etc. We're not talking about making generic innovations in your products similar to the iPhone. We're talking specific non-innovative features: white handset on a green background icon, for example. A dock using the same color scheme. Identical curves, with a chrome border on a black case. A home button on the center bottom. Many consumers buy the iPhone "because it's iPhone" - they can't even tell you half of its innovations. So you left out d, which is what Samsung did: d) Build a device that usurps the panache of the iPhone I suspect that's the result of over-hiring (giving a $150K senior position to someone who should be junior). I think it's less a matter of experience than laziness: I've met too many CS majors and/or devs with 10 years of experience who write this code. They get lazy, complacent, and confident, and never grow. On the other hand, the OP has a hunger: I suspect he'll continue to grow if he stays hungry. You don't magically write better code by sitting in a desk for 5 years: you write better code by seeking growth. I think you'll agree that short URLs and names are hard to come by, and will be more so over time. Plus, the push for short names is getting out of control. I'm sorry, but a name like xzb.ly is retarded, whereas GoodCompanyName.com isn't. Most of the time when I hear about an app, I'm at my computer. So I type in the full URL to get to that link or go to the App Store's slow search. Half the time there's several search result, and I'm fighting with iPhone's spell checker if it's a cutesy name or have to remember the company's naming scheme. (For example, I searched for "Flight Track" instead of "FlightTrack" and received tons of incorrect results.) Another good use: connecting the physical world with digital when it's not practical to set up a short URL (think a church having a silent auction, with in-depth descriptions listed on the website) Selling your product by putting flyers on people's cars: yes, totally original. I probably wouldn't respond this way, but: if I see you touching my car, my personal property, and you're not wearing a law enforcement uniform, it would be well within my right to respond as if you're stealing or vandalizing my car. I can't speak to SF, but in many areas, when the police respond to the physical altercation, they'd be asking me if I want to press charges. tl;dr for the flyer text: "We weren't good enough to get into YC, but want to piggyback off of pitch day. Please please please visit our site! kthxbai" So any pitch day attendees who didn't like this, you know what to do: while they didn't get caught in the act, pretty sure posting on HN will allow you to press charges as they've confessed to the crime. My recommendation: the judge should order the culprit to work 6 months at a non-social-media startup with a real business model. As it's sponsored by CloudFlare, I suspect it makes for a good Case Study for them. Second paragraph: "Yesterday we announced the much-anticipated sequel to Plants vs. Zombies. That’s very exciting. A lot of people have been asking about it. The game will come to fruition in the spring of 2013." I do feel there's a legit subtext here: we're going to see a ton of startups operating at a micro level. The culture, and daresay the economy, of SV that is based on big dreams and big VC may not always have enough wind behind it. I don't think that time has come, but I don't believe that the winners will always come out of SV, but we'll see more or more SaaS apps built by 1 or 2 people in Kansas or the Ukraine that generate a nice $200-300K revenue stream. I'd like to know how many are solely focusing on Android development, with no website or iOS app to drive synergistic use. (Facebook app is worthless without the network effect from the website, and I wonder how well Angry Birds would do if you erase iOS success) "illegitimate patents": perhaps, but like others have pointed out, it sounds like your beef shouldn't be with Apple, but with patent system. If Apple has illegitimate patents, I suspect some of the 24,000 patents Google acquired from Motorola Mobility are as well. Please repeat this quote whenever Google utilizes their 17,000 patents (plus 7000 pending) acquired from Motorola Mobility. Oh wait ... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/google/9488453/Google-... Took a look at the home page, did a double take when I saw the "FU Score". Maybe that resonates poorly with potential users? I get that we're supposed to use cutesy Web 2.0 names, but if what makes a hacker smile doesn't lead to revenue, it has no place. Thank you for having your home link on your "blog." domain link to your home page, and not the front of your blog. It amazes me how many startups supposedly know how to build a great product, yet all seem to get this wrong. He lists 3 startup successes: Instagram, Flickr, and Groupon. He talks about their famous pivots. Problem is, these companies pivoted into the kinds of companies that we don't need. Groupon's business model has been debated ad infinitum, and they're trading at 1/5 of their IPO. Instagram and Flickr: free services that could likely never charge, acquired by big services for the eyeballs. As long as acquisition is considered the exit, you're doomed. Yes, there are winners, but that's just a race to the bottom. If your business can't succeed without VC and without eventual acquisition, you don't have a business, you have a gamble. Neat programming != a business, but charging for solving a real need does. +1 on this. I manage a user group for the primary language I use, and in over 3 years of full-time freelancing, I've never been without work. If an OS update breaks a text editor, pretty sure that a sign of an OS failure. I have certainly had a few failed projects, as I've taken on too much work before. As some of the commenters to the OP pointed out, this is a challenge that many freelancers face. Indeed, as with any mistake, we learn and grow. That said, I feel you are calling me out in a public forum is a bit inappropriate. To say I didn't produce a single line of code is a bold statement. As you called me out in a public forum, I'd be interested in discussing publicly. As your statement has the potential to cost me hundreds of thousands of dollars over my career, I realize personal litigation is an option, but I'm a civil person who would prefer healthy discourse, even when my character is attacked. However, that doesn't seem possible, as I have no clue who you are. I have chosen not to hide behind a made-up identity. You, however have the username "hackernews": I assume you are an employee of YCombinator? I doubt it, and to that extent, your username has the potential to be a libelous misrepresentation of Paul Graham's brand. If you do not have the professional integrity to identify yourself, feel free to let me know who you are at a ColdFusion conference; I am a speaker at many of them. Surely a coincidence, but with a variety of titles shown, not a single Ruby or Rails title. Read the thread referenced in the article: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=105818.0e Bitfloor admits to earning about $2100 a month. So it's a totally unregulated market, and it'd be easy to increase your earnings by 100x this month. During the time the wallet was left in an unencrypted location, just happened to get hacked. I can't call the Bitfloor owner a thief, but reading his posts about looking to the future, and not to the past, no claim of a police report being filed, and the generic term "We got hacked!" make for some obvious conclusions. I'm a manager of a user group (not Ruby or Rails, but ColdFusion) but when we have celebs in audience, I always default to them. Members have purchased their books, and read their blogs; they respect them more than they respect me or the speaker (usually me, managers commonly speak at smaller communities). Should they be pricks? No. But that's a question for the universe to deal with; as for our group, we like the celebs. (Ruby world's Katz's are CF's Camdens, Nadels, and Fortas - same difference...) Having listened to Yahuda on various podcasts and whatnot, I get that he doesn't keep his mouth shut. Sometime's he's a douche, othertime's he's the smartest dude in the room and should be listened to. If you are a UGM and didn't expect this, maybe you should decline Yahuda's chance to speak.. his personality isn't exactly a secret, just saying. tl;dr pricks will be pricks; experts ditto. Take the good with the bad, and research celebs. Several active conferences. A thriving open source community. ASP classic is a dead product; All three CF engines released new versions in the last year, with support for REST, WebSockets, updated ORM support, etc. While you'll probably never see it used in YC because it's not "cool", there's tons of it in Fortune 500 and the private sector. I like the Chrome reader; it lets you read offline. Also, for programming titles, I actually prefer using a second monitor: more screen than a device, plus ability to copy and paste code is nice. First paragraph: "In Part 1, we looked at the code of two web services that implement an authentication web service. One written in Java, and one written in Go. It’s time to beat up on them a little bit." http://boundary.com/blog/2012/09/13/comparing-go-and-java/ Not many that are general, but tons that are language specific. I've found that language specific ones often cover relevant topics, even if it's not your language (such as TDD or DI). Many have shows that are completely off subject matter (I learned of PhoneGap for the first time on a .NET show) In my rotation: (.NET) .NET Rocks, Hanselminutes (one of the hosts on This Developers Life), Deep Fried Bytes, Herding Code (Ruby) Ruby Rogues, Ruby 5 (5 minute news, 2x/week), Ruby Show (seems to be on hiatus) (JavaScript) JavaScript Jabber (sister of Ruby Rogues), JavaScript Show (same hosts as Ruby Show - also on hiatus) There's a bigger question here. I get why diego was flabbergasted by the default, and I also hear legitimate claims that the documentation should have been read. But what I want to know is: Why are MongoDB advocates in such a bad mood? It's legit to criticize a language or a database. However, it seems to me that when MongoDB gets involved, the tone is far more aggressive and defensive. What's up with that? It's just software, bits and config files. It's not like someone called your mom a harlot. Here's what I think. New developers, for a long time, have come into the industry and become overwhelmed with everything they need to learn. Let's take typical database servers. Writing a SELECT is easy enough, but to truly be an expert you have to learn about data writing operations, indexing, execution plans, triggers, replication, sharding, GRANTs, etc. As it's a mature technology, you start out barely an apprentice, with all these experienced professionals around you. In recent years, software development has really been turned on its head. We're not building apps using the same stack we've used for a long time: OO + RDBMS + view layer + physical hardware. The younger the technology, the better, it seems. In theory, a 3 year developer and a 20 year developer are now pretty equal when we're talking about a technology that's been around 2-3 years. That wouldn't be true if we were dealing with say, OO design patterns. (Even when new languages come along, you still get to keep your experience in the core competencies.) Attacks on these new technologies are perceived as an assault on this new world order, and those who have walked into being one of the "newb elite" respond emotionally to what they see as a battle for the return to the old guard. Am I totally off base here? I'm not terribly old: 35. Been doing web development as a career since 1999. More relevant, is my experience. I didn't come in when Java came out. I started (1997-1998) with some high-level dynamic web languages: ASP classic, ColdFusion (To this day, I still do CF - I'm a CF user group manager and I speak at CF conferences). Building HTML and JavaScript since 1996 (GeoCities, HotDog, and HomeSite). Nerded around with programming 1995-1997 in high school (TI Basic, Pascal, and Qbasic) In the days when I started web development, a lot of folks were still monkeying around with Perl and flatfiles. I can't really speak to early days of Java: until 2000, didn't really use it. ColdFusion 6 went from C++ to Java, at which point CF devs ran on the JVM and could target it. From the beginning I was a consumer of RDBMSes. Started with Access and moved on to SQL Server. There wasn't a need to know the full DB, only the pieces you needed for CRUD. Perhaps for newbs that has changed, and they have to learn the full SQL administrative experience. Personally I doubt that. Do some db migrations in Rails: you don't even need to know what SQL engine you're running on. (A good thing, IMO, but still means a lesser body of knowledge) Good point that a lot of products try so hard to be the "new sexy" that they suggest an inaccurate comparison, or at best, implement a subset of what they're trying to replace. Very true and wise. As a "mid-guard" developer, it's a fight between "get off my lawn" and "pay attention, lest you become old and irrelevant". I like noSQL, but I feel that Mongo has made some sacrifices to move to the front. Given that performance, I think plenty of new devs have sold into it, and get upset easily at challenges. Maybe they'd have a different response were they committed to Riak or CouchDB. Great example of why building an app != a startup. You should email all users, and post a public apology on your site or blog. If you were a company, you'd have insulation against lawsuits. Two nerds mean you and your family's assets are at risk; launching an app with such a spectacular security hole seriously puts the two of you and your families in danger. Sure. Most responsible lower-middle class or poor families can't afford an iPad, but something in the $99-300 range is doable. This is the trajectory that smart phones went: I see tons of people with Android Crickets. As others have pointed out, this should have no bearing on Apple's success: I've never met someone who wanted a MacBook Pro who changed their mind because of a $299 laptop at WalMart. My other take: no. Highly customized Android tablets will (Kindle Fires and Nook tablets). Most users don't root them; they use them as the walled gardens they're designed to be. Pure Android devices will continue to be a minority. (OP's article suggests this, with Fire's at 50% of "Android" tablet market) To me, a Kindle Fire is as much an "Android" tablet as a Nexus 7 is a "Linux" tablet. I think there's a ton of room at the bottom. There was a time when DVD players and home computers were out of the reach of the poor or lower middle class. Most (responsible) people can't afford a $500+ tablet, but the promise of tablet computing still applies to them. It's a lie to say that the promise of tablet computing can only be accomplished in a $500+ package. There's tons of room for tablets that are $250 or less - see all the "low end" phone providers that now have Android offerings. iOS has had unified search prior to Siri. (iOS 3) I know we've heard over and over about medical bankruptcies, I don't think that's the issue in most filings. It's typical for a family of 4 to have 2 new car payments, tens (if not hundreds) of thousands in student loan debt, a $300K mortgage, $20K or more in credit card debt, and all the costs of kids (soccer dues, etc). How long can a family like that do without income or at best lose half? Probably 2-3 months, tops. That's what causes bankruptcy. Not really. Siri wasn't introduced until iOS 5, and even then, would only run on one version of the 3 (3GS/4/4S) iPhones that could run iOS 5. I'm sure if they release a 7" iPad we'll see a bump. I'm totally confused that the author totally ignored the upcoming event on October 23 where it will be announced: http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/10/12/us-apple-miniipad-... I use a little obscene language myself, but there's nothing cool or enlightening about it. Any site built around it is at best noisy, but more like puking all over the screen. Obviously this is on open source stuff, but I'd don't think it'd reflect positively with a prospective client or employer. See if there's a job-specific mailing list for the language you're interested in. Get involved: speak at user groups and conferences. If possible, step up and manage. You'll get work sent your way, and once you've built up a reputation (like when people come up to you at conferences and know your name but you don't know theirs), you can often drop the idea of needing work on Twitter and get a good response. This is a problem with the .gov sites. Forget the shortening issue; that any site would happily redirect anything is nuts. I get they're doing it for tracking purposes, in which case, would it be that hard to whitelist the redirect URLs? Tons has been written about Netflix's architecture, and they're down as well. I believe Amazon isn't being totally transparent. Noticed that Rackspace was down for a bit - I presumed they're getting hammered on their WWW as people are considering an infrastructure switch? I tend to agree, but sometimes 140 characters come across as too emotionally charged, so imagine two words. Hence, "WPEngine sucks", which seems a bit harsh. Several recent articles could be summarized as "Founders dumb", "VC stupid", "SV sucks". Because it's not what the cool kids are using. I was at a conference where pud spoke. As for using a "startup" worthy language versus what you feel most comfortable in, he said (more or less a quote), "98% of all web sites fail, and yours probably will too, so might as use the language you want and are most productive in" Pretty much every open source project that has succeeded has been the result of fat wallet corporate backing. I'm sure someone will offer a counterexample, but for the most part, hackers have to eat, and I haven't seen the "donate" model really work out. However, this is cool: it shows that open source isn't anti-commercial, it's pro-freedom. I keep thinking this will be a bit antitrust concern in future years. I'm not even going to get into the FTC's recommendation to sue over patents: http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/ftc-staff-said-to-for... 1) To make use of many Android device features, you typically are required to have a Google account. (Ditto with the iPhone, but it's a bigger deal the more you control the market) 2) The pressure exerted on Aliyun 3) By default, Google search in the browser. How long before there's pressure for a "search engine ballot" screen? This was more true 2 years ago. I think they are trying to capture back some of that "mass market" where people expect a cheap or free phone as opposed to the high end where we are used to paying $200-400: http://www.apple.com/iphone/compare-iphones/ (4: free, 4S: $99) What was the federal-state-local funding model like then? I know most municipalities continue to depend on federal funding, and I can see the US government using this (I recall a similar thing a few years ago around legal drinking ages) I'm sure the average share holder cares more about a rounding error of a settlement than the departure of a major executive, iPhone 5 stock levels, or the uncertainty of legal battle fought on many fronts. Romney already declared he was done running for public office if he lost, even before the election's end. I'm sure that has more to do with his fading into the sunset. Romney never stood on his own. He was the anti-Obama for Republicans. Like a girl's looking for a guy to cheat with to get back at her boyfriend, the Republican party said, "Meh. You'll do." He never had any strong qualities, such as extreme faith views, or TEA Party ideologies. He's said he's done seeking public office. As a result, there's no reason for anyone to continue to "Like" him, as he serves no purpose for them. I agree that it's all the same. I think it feels more pronounced now giving the more personal (yet dehumanized) nature that Twitter and Facebook have taken since 2008. A few months ago Samsung lost $10B in market value when it was rumored Apple was sourcing parts to a competitor: http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/05/16/us-samsung-chips-i... Maybe not if you're living in an apartment in San Francisco. However, if you're in an Eastern Bloc country or India, a few hundred USD per month can radically change your life. So even abysmal returns to me would be success to someone else. When you're poor and looking at the prosperity of the West, you don't care if you break the Internet. The "HN" ethos tends to reward those who go against the odds: founders who jumped off a cliff financially, teams working crazy hours with too few employees, working a full time job while bootstrapping, trying to have a family life, etc. In the end, none of that matters: you either ship good stuff, or you don't. However, whether you have a full-time job or are dealing with the time-suck that is high school, we're here to support, sympathize, and empathize, so it's all relevant. Glad you don't let it get to you. Keep it up: I suspect you've contributed more to the hacker world at your age than the haters twice your age. Maybe a good rule of thumb: When someone complains about a Show HN that links to Github, post their own Github profile, or STFU? :-) Many didn't like posting the age in the title. Yeah, no one ever words their HN submissions to be inflammatory and get to front page, right? I'll take a million hackers showing their projects and trying to win brownie points with their age than a single freakin smart phone troll blog post any day of the week. Thank you for this article. I personally feel that small teams (in most cases, one person) building high quality SaaS apps and creating a generous income ($100-300K/year) will become more common, and is more likely to "win" than the home run, VC model. Having been in that situation from time to time, I've sold stuff. Most of it fairly current technology: SSD drives, iPads, etc. I also pickup quick projects: $500-$2000 projects that can be completed on the side in under a week. Hit up Craigslist. (assuming you're in an area where this is relevant) Not always the highest quality work, but you'll find a lot of quick $$ things there. Managers would prefer a master, not recruiters. Recruiting requires throwing everything at the wall that remotely looks like a fit (I know .NET, am not a master, but it's on my LinkedIn - every freaking unsolicited recruiter contact I get is for .NET) Also, if they can get a novice in there, there's a chance they can pay less yet bill the client the same (talking on w2 contracting here) I tried signing up as an entrepreneur: after doing Twitter login, the modal form does nothing when I click the submit button. No waiting spinner, nothing from the browser. Just sits there. Perhaps your back-end is getting hammered? At least give me some feedback if it's AJAX. I waited, gave up, returned to HN, and there's a pretty good chance I'll forget about the site unless it gets huge (not that I matter, but pretty sure I'm typical) You do see the same blogs over and over on this site, so maybe. However, there are a good number of people who browse the new page, so perhaps that explains it. Perhaps, but why is there an attitude that doctors are evil and that all of them are so well off that we shouldn't care what happens? Seems to me that's the prevailing attitude. They're continually getting pinched: Tens of thousands for malpractice insurance. Hundreds of thousands in debt just to get to the point where they can practice. Seems reasonable if you have a good upside, but that upside keeps getting pressed on. I don't see how that can continue without serious reform in the other direction (tort limits and forgiveness of student debt for medical school) Typically you won't have your app's UI on your server in a PhoneGap app. You'll include the UI in the app, and what's on the server is data services. It's not that you can't do what you described, but if your app is little more than a browser, you increase the odds of being rejected. Most (all?) open source licenses place no limitation using the license and selling the source code. I see a lot of folks jumping to explain away this article. My opinion is that a lot of the HN crowd believe that they are disruptors, bucking the trends. As a 35 year old married guy in Houston, reading HN tends to give me the idea that if I'm not in my early 20s and willing to drop it all and move to SF and work for at least 1/2 of market rate for a funded company building a social product that focuses on traction as opposed to revenue ... then my ship has sailed. Articles like this are a nice reality check. What databases do you use in RDS? RDS isn't a database, it's hosted MySQL, SQL Server, or Oracle. The idea of my time having variable value is a bit scary (trading at a bit over $12 currently, but I'm not sure what will happen when the payout drops soon). Then again, that's what working for a VC-backed startup is: the possibility that my development effort might not pay off. That said, the startup has significant potential, whereas working for Bitcoins will not likely have the upside to justify the risk. First off, best of luck with your project. Secondly, kudos on writing the post-mortem, as I know it takes some guts to own a "failure". I think, however, the need to write something like this speaks to an incorrection assumption: you need a "launch". Of course, TC and HN can give you a nice bump in traffic and even signups. However, in the long run, this really doesn't accomplish much for you. It gives you the kind of traffic that will likely leave and move on to the next article, skewing your metrics. There's certainly qualified prospects in there, but it's hard to decipher with all the noise. Again, the concept of a "launch" speaks to poor business models. It really benefits businesses where the word "traction" is more important than "revenue". Build a business that provides a service that others will pay for and grow as fast as the business can bear, bringing in those visitors that are truly valuable to you. Perhaps, but he did call this post ".. a failed HN launch" :-) I've never thought of HN as a marketing platform. It's a place for Hackers (perhaps the "news" fails to encompass the full site) to discuss PG's concept of hacking entrepreneurs. Far too many Show HNs target developers. Even awesome code won't automatically scale because the developer is a genius. The idea of premature optimization applies to architecture and infrastructure as well. I feel you, but there's some serious dicks in the open source community as well. It seems the same behaviors somehow have different meaning if they're attached to a company that it's popular to dislike. A one-day stock price decrease isn't the news. Zynga was in a very special place at a very special time. Social gaming had an amazing stretch of months, but that time seems to have passed, at least in terms of being on fire. Zynga's relationship with Facebook is really the only thing that set them apart. Innovative games? They took the same game and kept reskinning it. When that fizzled out, they began copying other games wholesale. (lol at a title of theirs I saw recently: "Scramble with Friends") They're not a gaming company, but did a pretty good job of looking like one and getting paid in the process. However, going public was dumb. They should have piled up cash and kept it all to themselves. Going public is meant for companies that are capable of being in it for the long haul. Not for companies that have figured out how to be successful in an industry that didn't even exists two years prior. Zynga can probably transition into other areas, like mobile games, online gambling, etc. However, they are just one of many in that space. They have no secret sauce or magic. They can probably turn a profit, but nothing that can bring their stock price back to where it was. The only ones who care how Zynga does are the crazy ones that hold ZNGA. Otherwise, they're just another gaming company right? If you do hold ZNGA, well, that sucks. Not a "sad set of circumstances" suck. More like "I blew my money on a Vegas weekend" suck. See my comment got down voted, and rereading it, I can see why. I wasn't saying that all that everyone in the open source community is a dick, but rather, a person can be a dick no matter who they work for. Nothing intrinsic about who they work for, or whether they're part of the OSS community. However, there seems to be a confirmation bias when it's a company we're predisposed to dislike. I think people are missing the biggest takeaway: everyone wants to get rich writing Rails apps in a weekend that really don't contribute, that our brightest minds are being wasted. Rather than creating things that are truly innovative, we're barely iterating on things that were barely iterations to being with. What a cute little startup name. How the hell do I pronounce it? I wasn't picking on Rails specifically, and I do really agree with DHH on selling as opposed to "social traction". You get to a very real point (kinda counteracts what I literally said, but gets to the heart of the point I was trying to make): don't play the startup lottery. Real apps, the apps you generate real revenue on, are those that don't require Series A. There's also real people behind shows like Jerry Springer and Honey Boo Boo. Doesn't man they're not crappy. The day Steve Jobs passed the entire front page was filled with dupes. How? There's nothing anti-competitive here. Just because we've been able to swap CPUs for years doesn't make it a legal obligation. After all, I can't upgrade the processor in my phone, tablet, or graphics card. When was the last time you upgraded a CPU on a laptop? Laptops already outsell desktops, and by 2015, tablets will outsell desktops. http://www.inquisitr.com/76157/tablets-to-overtake-desktop-s... I can't see why Intel would continue to worry about an increasingly shrinking part of the industry. I've explained to clients: never charge a fixed upfront price for an app with free ongoing server access. Doesn't matter if it's a game, social network, dating site, or anything else. Give the app away, and either subsidize server access with ads, or charge a subscription via IAP. Went to Social Engine's site. See a few quotes on the bottom of the home page which seem to imply testimonials, and I see: "SocialEngine is rapidly evolving as an amazing tool for building and managing communities." - Brad Feld, feld.com Huh. Now that I know he's involved at some level, but this isn't disclosed with his quote, it makes me question the credibility of the entire site. HN isn't driven by a product YC or PG sells. To me, that speaks volumes. SR (gotta refer to it by an acronym you know) is powered by SE. If it could handle HNish load, that would speak volumes about Social Engine, no? Obviously there's a commercial interest (even if it doesn't drive decisions, it's still there) This is 2012, we don't want names that make sense. What the hell does the word "Uber" have to do with cabs? If my startup was vrxpubz.ly and was a way for kittens to upload cat litter into their social graph, I'd be good for at $500K in seed. My iPhone 5 is 1 in 214,000; my Galaxy S3 was unique. Since the iPhone 5 makes up more than one in 200,000 of the Internet's traffic, even that "relatively low" uniqueness is worrisome. I've done a ton of scraping (mostly legal: on behalf of end users of an app on sites they have legit access to). This article misses something that affects several sites: JavaScript driven content. Faking headers and even setting cookies doesn't get around this. This is of course is easy to get around, using something like phantom.js or Selenium. Selenium is great because unlike all the whiz bang scraping techniques, you're driving a real browser and your requests look real (if you make 10000 requests to index.php and never pull down a single image, you might look a bit suspicious). There's a bit more overhead, but micro instances on EC2 can easily run 2 or 3 Selenium sessions at the same time, and at 0.3 cents per hour for spot instances, you can have 200-300 browsers going for 30-50 cents/hour. See my other comment :-) I've been doing this on a site that is 100% Javascript-driven for over a year, very successfully. It's really no different than hitting a static site with Selenium. Figuring out the proper XPath to use is often the biggest challenge: Chrome Developer tools help immensely. Also, you need to watch for delays in JS rendering, so put a lot of pauses in your scripts. It's of course slow, so if you want to distribute it across several machines, use Selenium Grid or a queue system (SQS, Resque, etc). Setup Xvfb to run on headless Linux instances. Another issue not covered: file downloads. Let's say you have a process that creates a dynamic image, or logs in and downloads dynamic PDFs. Even Selenium can't handle this (the download dialog is an OS-level feature). At one point I was able to get Chrome to auto-download in Selenium, but had zero control over filename and where it was saving. I ended up using iMacros (the pay version) to drive this (using Windows instances: their Linux version is very immature comparably). Headless: Xvfb on Linux. (Virtual Framebuffer, let's you run apps that require a GUI) You can use one of the many options that include Webkit (like phantom.js, the capybara-webkit gem, or Selenium if you want a real browser like Firefox to do the work) Awesome. I'd love some hints or links, as I'm always looking to refactor. My scraping is part of a transactional B2B service, not a high traffic social or B2C thing, so it's a different set of problems than those who want their hands on Twitter data. These are Fortune 100's, so if I can bring down their site, they have bigger problems. :-) I've found that regex is very brittle when you don't control what comes across. DOM traversal is far more reliable. Playing with it now, and while it seems to hit my download need, I can't seem to get it to play nice with sites that are JavaScript dependent. Am I missing something, or is there a way to plugin an underlying WebKit engine? Seems like one a situation where the language in one cultural context would be insulting, but in another, is merely a literal statement. Pretty sure Capone dressed like many others and didn't have a unique style. Wearing black shirt + jeans everyday (or perhaps as a public persona) is obviously intentional. I'd say those are like a football coach always wearing a fedora (Tom Landry) or a rapper always wearing a giant clock around their neck (Flava Flav) to name a couple of examples. That said, I really don't care if they copy Jobs. I can think of several entrepreneurs I'd love to copy in an attempt to channel whatever insights they might have had. Indeed. "It's the app developer's fault, the OS rocks!" is a bikeshed argument in my opinion. I've been doing something similar. I'm on my fourth iPhone, so I'm well invested in that ecosystem. I recently added a Galaxy S3 with a new line for testing purposes. I'm comparing both devices: if I prefer the S3, I'll transfer my personal line to it, and use the iPhone as the backup/test device. I have no problem buying apps. I have a few apps I depend on, and many I like. My thoughts so far: * The S3 is a superior piece of hardware, hands down. * Most of the OS features are superior on the S3 as well, and the built in apps are as good or better than what's on iOS. * The app situation is what kills the S3. 1) Many apps I depend on that are awesome on iOS don't exist on Android, and the "substitutes" are really poor in my opinion (for example, OmniFocus vs. the generic to-do apps) 2) Some of the same apps don't have ad-free Pro versions on Android as they do on iOS. Perhaps there needs to be a separate app store filled with more curated, paid apps? (Say Google Play and Google Pro) 3) Some of the same apps are absolutely horrible on Android. I suspect they are quick ghetto ports of successful iOS apps, not properly developed Android software. (Example: The Chive is pretty decent on iOS, and a bug-filled mess on Android) Again, I was really cheering for the S3, but honestly, ecosystem trumps innovation. I wish they'd put some serious resources into dealing with comment spam. I realize it'll always be an issue, but they could at least: 1) not make comments enabled out of box with no anti-spam measures (moderating isn't anti-spam in my opinion: technical solutions should come before man-power) 2) not make me rely on third-party plugins to combat it BitBucket still supports uploads. I guess it'd be remiss of me to not link to Refund Retriever, the company I've developed software for: http://www.refund-retriever.com FedEx and UPS have been known to collude, and there's currently a lawsuit pending related to FedEx and UPS colluding to shut down third-party negotiators. ASP.NET MVC is really lights years ahead of other ways of building .NET apps, and is conceptually close to Rails in many ways. (Alas, its backstory is very OSS and un-Microsoft) I've used other pieces of software, even some paid-for PHP features, so I agree as to the spam problem. I was thinking more along the lines of disabling comments by default, and making it a bit of a chore to enable, to make point-and-click installs less of an attack vector. You'd end up blocking all traffic then. When was was the last time you pulled robots.txt? As was identified, most of the scraping occurs via Selenium. Selenium just automates a real browser, so it'd look like 100% legit traffic with a legit user agent (it defaults to using Firefox) Selenium executes Javascript, as do other WebKit-based scrapers, like phantom.js. In my hardware comparison, yes, the iPhone 5. (I've also owned the 4S, 4, and 3G) Not sure how you could filter Selenium. A well written script looks like normal traffic. I've done a lot of automation with Selenium, on EC2. (For the curious, it was on behalf of clients with legit access, not wholesale pillaging of a public resource) 1) You can block EC2 wholesale. You've mentioned issues with this, and can be bypassed via VPN or using another network. EC2 is attractive because it's so cheap (with spot instances, starts at 0.3 cents per hour), but it's not the only option. 2) Timing. Normal traffic isn't rapid fire. Many scrapers, however, fire off their scripts as quickly as possible. Block traffic that doesn't have enough meaningful pauses. 3) Report addresses to Amazon. I really don't know if they'd take action. 4) Reverse lookup, or whitelist addresses. I know if it's a legitimate source (like Flipboard) they'd probably work with you at least a little bit. Reverse lookup might not be successful, but maybe that can help you whitelist any legit sources that map their AWS IP to a legit DNS name. Most scrapers use the AWS external domain name. Also, I imagine legit sources give you a distinctive user agent, so that can help you let traffic through. However, if you have a public resource, this is simply an issue you have to deal with. Anayltics: I'd just filter out traffic scraped traffic from your analytics. Content duping: blocking scrapers won't stop this. If someone stealing your content can't scrape at 0.5 cents per hour, they'll pay someone 5 cents an hour to copy/paste. You just have to use the same diligence others use, in terms of reporting to Google, etc. Perfomance: use Varnish/nginx/etc to combat performance hit from scrapers. This change affects specific architectures, without regard to how they perform. Not all scrapers spider a site's contents. Sometimes they are going after something specific. Presumably folks would use it to post screenshots relevant to the code being discussed. I hope if you build it, you charge. I really don't think the world needs another remix of social for the average users. "Should" should be based on your needs (if you want to work for free, let me outsource some of my work to you), not whether or not the socialsphere needs it. The issue with these comparisons is that it tends to be about VMs and storage only. A modern applications requires a lot of moving pieces. Setting up and managing, say, a queue service, has costs associated with it where something like SQS becomes a serious value add. I don't think so. There's some Adobe heavyweights involved with the project. The flipside is Twitter Bootstrap, which was never an "official" Twitter project. https://medium.com/what-i-learned-building/b95033c270af Good for Uber! We love disruption. So when we talk about developers working for $5/hour outsourced, that's disruption too, right? Discussion of that tends to go a bit differently .... I think CodeSchool.com is great, and well worth the cost. You actually don't type out a tutorial, but rather, have to think about the material covered, and code a similar version. I looked at some of the author's titles - they all had one star He's been using Go much longer than probably 99.9% of those who are critical of (insert language here) I'm pretty sure the code shown is the "hacker"'s code, for demo's sake. That said, the server address redacted out doesn't appear to be a Yahoo domain from what I can see. That tells me that it's a third-party that was broken into. Something doesn't add up here, or at least there's pieces missing: 1) Source code show (presumably the attacker's?) shows MySQL usernames/passwords (as implied by variable names) 2) SQL injection attack screen shows errors in System.Data.SqlClient namespace - this is SQL Server: http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.data.sqlclien... Might mean nothing. Article says the attacker had access to 12 databases, so maybe it's a mix of different platforms. Still, the 2 screenshots really don't corroborate one another. Get as close to the OS vendor as possible. Less deviation from original intent, presumably more focus on engineering (yes, I know Nexus phones aren't made by Google, but by various vendors who also make their "own" versions), and you get updates much faster in the event of a security concern. I have an S3 - I knew I was getting outside of the Android ecosystem to some degree when I first powered up the phone and saw the AT&T logo splash screen. Then you get into the phone and see all the cute little Samsung apps. Reminds me of buying a Windows PC :-) You can regain some of what I described above by rooting and locking your phone down. However, as you described your needs, an iPhone is ideal. An Android phone gives you a lot of power, but it doesn't sound like you need that much power, and for most people, security trumps customization. Because it should be. That's actually not the correct answer. For most developers, it's not hard. Not only is it not hard, it's a joy to learn a language, or two, or eight. If this is a struggle, perhaps this is a barometer that you're on the wrong path. I'm not saying coding should be limited to the elite. If you want to learn code because there's something burning inside of you, that's awesome. However, I'm thinking of the MBA founder who decided the startup thing was the ticket. They discover they need a developer, and that's expensive. "Hey, this can't be that hard! I'll just learn to code!" I see this movement, and it's scary. Not scary because it's a threat to me. Scary because I'm a decent developer (been doing it sine 1998), and there's a lot of mean scary people who are smarter than me who want to break into code I've written. I can't imagine how insecure code from someone who wrote their first line 6 months ago. Learning is cool, we were all there. The idea that production apps are being launched based on this experience level definitely isn't cool. I might be totally off base here, but I feel like this is a rising trend. Crackers are going to have a field day with all the superduper.ly's out there. It takes 3-5 years to get a marketing or management degree. Anyone who thinks they are going to learn to code in 3 months and build the next Instagram is so delusioned they make the most southern Baptist church look like a center for logical discourse. Those are both the same HN URL - looks like you mistakenly copied the URL for the 2nd by the 1st. :-) Working for small company doing web/business intelligence/SOA work, but definitely not a startup. They are profitable though :-) “Please don’t let us name the browser after a feminine hygiene product!” Ironic that this was a concern, given the later iPad has a low capacity for complex thought So rude. I'm sure you have a lot of good things to say (given your other posts), but resorting to insults and ad hominems is the sort of thing that comes from those who have a low capacity for intellectual discussion. Besides, per the URL you provided, it's a 10 page printout, not 3. 1) Available domains totally broken. Searched for "auction" - it told me auction.com was available, as well as sell.com, sale.com, etc 2) Unlike domai.nr, it will send me to an affiliate (obviously the purpose of the site) even if they don't handle that particular TLD (for example, GoDaddy and .ly) people feeling like they were being sold out Of course they're being sold out. They are the product - product gets sold. Anyone who thinks they aren't the product is delusional. Facebook didn't pay $1B to sell users filters, or hope they login to Instagram.com and click ads. No, they were purchased for their network value. Did you read the article, and not just the title? The article talks about all the challenges that Motorola is dealing with to deliver such a phone. Moreover, the article discusses Samsung as more of the competitor to beat, to ensure that there's more than one big player in the Android space. Samsung's devices are tailored to their branded experience. The concern is that Samsung forks Android and makes it their own creature, in the same way that a Kindle Fire is tailored to the Amazon experience. I have both an iPhone 5 and an S3. As I've written about in other threads, the app ecosystem is what keeps me on the iPhone (I have one main line, a second for testing; either phone could be flipped into either role if I wanted), even though I think the S3 has superior hardware and OS. Very true, but isn't Samsung more spread out than Apple? I'd like to see it broken down by product segment. (Even then Samsung has a number of phones, many that are positioned other than as iPhone competition) My understanding is that this article was in response to various questions that were asked of him on the Ruby Rogues Parley list (all guests are on the list, and others can pay to be on the list). Of course, recent topics he covered like hypermedia were colored by those recent discussions. By that logic, all of the startups that begin only serving their local market (many start in SF and expand beyond once it's viable; true in many other locations as well) would be 1/10 or 2/10. Thought this had been around a while - used it to plan flights for my last 2 conferences (3+ months ago) For most apps, an HTML wrapper like PhoneGap works great, so might as well do both at the same time. DHH has long held that Rails meets his (Basecamp's) needs first, so the whims of the chef hold true. Implicit in this post was the idea that it's not the only serious tool for serious work, and if you don't like the chef's choices, you're better served in a different restaurant than complaining about the menu in this one. Even if you've staked your career on Rails, it's important to realize it's your choice, but his framework. Yes, you could help it. The connection you made applies to any language/framework. This is just his blog. He's the chef of a framework, not an avowed HTML guru. Have you seen the design for YCombinator.com? 1998 called and it wants its Arial font, and tags back. By your logic, YCombinator is worthless for helping Web startups launch. Probably related to Rails 4. Once it's gold, I'm sure he'll have less to say. I think it depends on the why. I have Cystic Fibrosis, which has a 98% infertility rate among males (edit: not so much infertile as much as CF gives you a built-in vasectomy). IVF is an option, but my wife's age (36) means the clock is ticking and nothing is guaranteed. I can't speak for her, but I'd like them, but have put myself in a place where my life's outlook isn't defined by whether or not I'm ever a parent. When I first heard of Facebook, I was in high school. Spoken like it was ages ago.. does this mean I'm old now? (to juxtapose, when I was in high school, I first heard of the WWW) Like it or not, FB is ubiquitous for many. People will use it to make important announcements. "What do you mean you didn't know I was engaged? I announced it on Facebook!" The counter is that it's rude to assume everyone is on Facebook. The same, however, can be said of email or SMS. There will always be some testing of IE6 by developers on clean WinXP VMs. As testing becomes easier and easier (see apps like browserling.com) there may be increased usage of older browsers. I'm not familiar with this situation - was it a public comment? If so, discussion of the work you do for your employer - their intellectual property - could get you fired. Check out the PeepCode "Full Stack node.js" screencasts - it shows building a full app using CoffeeScript. https://peepcode.com/products/full-stack-nodejs-i You're not saying anything. If you don't sue, you lose them by default. I wonder if the discussion changes if we use the same argument against HN-beloved companies, like Buffer or Stripe. A company named Stripe Processing that processes credit cards would be safe, as I'm referring to the "stripe" on every credit card, not a specific company. See my comment on company names like Buffer and Stripe It's easy and popular to reference Jobs. Let's be careful of cargo culting though, and let's omit that anecdote and see if the conclusion is the same. In addition, the article paints a vision of a company filled with employees weary and worn out from the scientific approach of the lean startup. I'm not sure why this is necessarily true. Jobs was known to berate his employees and push them to the breaking point, all in the name of his vision. All the documentation and layout needs a lot more work. Yes, clicking links to get a small page of content to only find another link to click .. gets old really fast. (Old as in it feels like the Java documentation circa 2001) Interesting to post this 4 days after another terminal version of Hacker News http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4992951 Maybe should have put "another" in the title? :-) You're assuming that because the contractor has a higher paycheck that it's more expensive. This isn't necessarily true. Any discussion should be framed in terms of what you and you wife decide is best for your family and your children. There's no "I" or "me" in that conversation. The Lifestyle Business and Tropical MBA podcasts give some insight into this world. Basic idea is to set up "lifestyle business(es)" that provide you enough financial freedom to travel, etc. Downside is that the lifestyle is your passion, not the work you do, and it has a definite non-hacker approach. Reminds me of the channel stuffing that Samsung, Motorola, and others did to tout their tablets sales. Also reminds me of articles that identify the dominance of Android 9 or 10 months after an iPhone has shipped (and when a flagship Android device has recently shipped). I tend to agree, but I was latching on to the commonly accepted definition, as Wikipedia defines it: "A lifestyle business is a business that is set up and run by its founders primarily with the aim of sustaining a particular level of income and no more; or to provide a foundation from which to enjoy a particular lifestyle." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lifestyle_business Had to reread this a couple of times: AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc. Gotta love corporate America. True, though it's interesting that you can purchase UVerse at an AT&T Mobility store. (I have a friend who's an AT&T store manager) While it has the appearance of being one company, I guess it's the rough equivalent of an "affiliate" sale. ColdFusion, a language derided by many, has more absolute job postings than Scala, Clojure, and Groovy: http://www.indeed.com/jobtrends?q=scala%2C+coldfusion%2C+clo... (Of course, the obvious growth trend shows that won't always be the case) This means .. absolutely nothing. The original linked chart showed little more. I doubt Scala developers are excited by the day they finally catch up with ColdFusion. The relative trend chart might lead one to believe that they'd be better focusing on Scala than Java, even though there's about 100X more jobs postings for Java. (per Indeed's data) I knew what to expect when I turned my Galaxy S3 for the first time and saw the AT&T logo pop up. (Let's not get into the bloatware installed) Explains the angst against WordPress themes copying the interface. It's not an artistic issue, but a money one. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4993094 As I understand Balanced Payments, it's for the other side of the transaction: Stripe is about people giving you money, but Balanced Payments is for sending others money (where you do a straight ACH deposit). (As opposed to paying them via Stripe, or PayPal, etc) I grew up in a "small town", so I'm a bit paranoid, always looking around me when crossing streets, in parking lots, etc. I've found that people tend to walk around oblivious to the several ton devices propelled towards them. That's the world we live in. As we're a society that feels like we have to protect ourselves from ourselves (and litigation), I can't see a situation where we wouldn't have such warnings. So you want a low barrier of entry listing of freelance work that doesn't have any of the folks that are attracted to low barriers of entry listings? If that's the approach you want, you need to ask yourself if you're a value add over "cheap" developers, worth more for any reason other than the fact that you have a higher cost of living. $AAPL took a beating due to poor stock levels of the iPhone 5. Two months after release you need to write software and tap into an API to have a shot at buying a Nexus 4? A similar failure. I don't think "Rails generation" means only Rails. I think the idea is that we're so dependent on frameworks these days, there are massive pieces of our application that we have no clue how they work, and worse, we trust the framework authors implicitly. More and more we're seeing the downfalls of this. As Rails is essentially the best known and most deployed, hence the name. Think about it: for most apps, probably 95% of your code is a framework that you didn't write. When this is criticized, the response is typically "open source unicorns! speak no more!" Moreover, there seems to be a different level of forgiveness just because it's open source. If ASP.NET WebForms had the same level of security holes in the past years as Rails ... just wow. I love frameworks, and I think an average team would on the whole write less secure code than an open source framework would. If we want maximum transparency into our code, we'd go back to CGI written in C, but our productivity would tank, and looking back, the boom of recent years never would have happened. However, we need a different attitude. Let's be honest: the arguments about open source are mostly a lie. Yeah, I went there. No, I'm not advocating closed source. Too many hang their hat on the ideals of open source. We're not talking ideals. We're talking rubber meets the road, cash leaves the bank reality. "Anyone can view the source - many eyeballs makes it more secure." The truth is, there aren't that many eyeballs. How many download, or (for the real technology ninjas) git clone, and trust what they're working with (whether app or framework) by a faith that rivals any religious organization? As an industry, we need to read more code. We need to push back against the Barnes and Noble developer, the one who paid $29 for a book and now calls themselves a developer because they finished it front to back. Not everyone needs to be a senior engineer, but we have too many with that title after 3 years of building framework apps who couldn't code their way out of a CS101 class if they had Donald Knuth and Dennis Ritchie as their personal tutors. This is pure supposition, but I think if at least 10% of those who used Rails read Rails, it'd be far more secure. So where's DHH's long blog post? Last I checked, he was still in charge. He's quick to talk about hypermedia, or his latest Le Mans effort, or how profitable Rails apps are. You say that like it's an epic conquest to learn Rails. You assume that people who criticize Rails haven't learned it. Probably a large number of haters, yes, but there's also plenty who have taken the weekend or so it takes to get a good working knowledge of Rails. That's what makes Rails great: you can be productive fast. I'd venture to say there's more Java/C# devs who know Rails than vice-versa. "Ass-kicking"? Is this high school football or professional programming? If a language or framework has major security holes, it should fail in the marketplace, no matter how much "ass kicking" it has done. Rereading your post, I'm going to assume it's a troll post. After all, when I see your username, I can't help but imagine, "Do a couple of quick sets down at Gold's, then come back and slam out some Rails, yeah brah!" I'd encourage you to read those vulnerabilities, not just Google to disprove me. I'm speaking specifically on the ability for someone to remotely execute code on a ASP.NET WebForms application, and that was just a random example. What you linked to was comparable to saying Groovy is insecure because of the most recent vulnerability found in Java browser plugins. ( http://www.itpro.co.uk/645031/new-java-7-bug-prompts-calls-f... ) I never claimed we shouldn't leverage well-written projects. I do challenge the idea that there's many eyeballs: most download and have faith. There's a bunch of eyeballs, yes, but not nearly as many as we tell ourselves. You're totally right about frameworks resulting in better, more secure apps. However, much of that is relative: when most apps are hand-crafting SQL, JavaScript, and form handling, a framework is heads above other apps, especially when most attackers go for low-hanging fruit. However, when we get to a point where most apps are in frameworks, where would attackers turn their attention? Is an app inherently secure, or secure because it's less of a target? (Think the Mac vs. PC security arguments) Mine the comments. I typically get more information there, and you'd save everyone from engaging in "OMG! Someone is WRONG on the Internet!" Hell, you could have a full newsletter: "Best of patio11 Weekly" :-) All of the sites with Applets I go to do this in Chrome on OSX (unless I've explicitly said the site is trusted after the first time I run it) (Can't recall a site off the top of my head, else I'd post a screenshot) I've heard the games argument over and over, as if it's true for everyone. I'm a 35 year old male, and I could care less about games. I want a decent game, I'll pull out my phone and download something for a buck or free. If I want a better experience, I suppose I'd buy a console and then have the ability to rent from GameFly. (back when I had a Wii, I thought it was pretty cool to download old games from the 80's, I'll admit) There's a subset of the market: those who want a better gaming experience due to better hardware than a console provides and are willing to drop $60 a pop for the privilege. That may be you, but don't extrapolate to the population. There's a ton of people who don't have time or interest for something more than Angry Birds. I've heard too many discussions about Windows that indicate that games is the only real compelling advantage, and if that's true, that means a large portion of the market is ambivalent. Indeed. Business sales will continue. I certainly don't plan on running Android as the base OS on a development machine. I'm failing to find recent statistics, but I've seen numbers that indicate that 80%+ of licenses for Office are the Home and Student editions. (Even so, the higher cost of business versions makes this a less relevant statistic) No matter what, Microsoft still relies heavily on sales to home and college users. Windows 8 has a definite non-business interface. Depends on what that means. If you base it on their high of ~700, yeah, their current price ~500 looks pretty bad. However, they started out 2012 ~400. 20% gain in a year is pretty rock solid. What do you have against a building materials company? Randomly clicking around, busted out laughing when I came to http://branch.com/b/teen-wolf-or-vampire-diaries I need to hop on the VD train. (last answer on that page as of now) Still no. One thing destroys your life (or significantly alters it), the other installs some crap on your computer. You can always format and reinstall a computer. Cloud providers have globally facing services, so you hear of the problems. Dedicated server hosts have issues, but unless it directly impacts you, you never hear of it. Additionally, there's so much that PaaS providers do. On a dedicated host, if say, Passenger is misconfigured, that's your issue, not there's, so long as the server is still up and you can SSH in. Strictly true, but it's an issue of network effect. Let's say you get kicked off of HN. You're free to go start your discussion resource for hackers, right? Love how the article discusses when they've gotten funding, but never discusses revenues. "Funding" feels like it's talked about like a blessing, a manna from above, as opposed to what it is: investment/debt that the lender expects to see a return on. Why is no one targeting music that advocates gun violence? Video games and movies are pretty obviously works of fiction. Some rap music, for example, advocates murdering real people in real situations Isn't that when there's a distinct naming concern, where a specific entity is target? JaneDoeNude.com or YCombinatorSucks.com are obvious. TeXXXan.com is generic, and an alteration of a word that describes 20+ million people. Adult websites however are bound by federal law (18 USC 2257) requiring signed releases by all "models". Websites like Texxxan.com are in obvious violation of this, and bordering on organized crime. The problem is suing both may cause the entire thing to be dismissed. (IANAL) Keep in mind that May 2011-mid June 2011, it rose by 10-15x (then proceeded to drop like a rock). It's current price is still about 1/2 of that high. You're not just taking on money, you're taking on a partner in your venture. Just because they sign a check doesn't mean they can't harm you in some way. There's a term for someone who will take on a partner no questions asked, as long as they have enough money .... If you do not monetize your solution it will often be more attractive and thus the traction you get will be misleading. Probably the wisest thing I've ever read on HN. Most cooperativeness, nor lack thereof, occurs before the bill touches a President's desk. A Democratic held Senate more or less means that very little will ever have an opportunity for ink that has already been discussed via press conference, media outlets, etc. I think some folks might take issue with the idea that you were starting a company while this project was in progress. (I didn't contribute, and I understand multi-tasking, but my impression was raised funds were to capture your undivided attention; unsure if others had same interpretation) In other words: if you start a company that innovates and competes against the big boys, you should have criminal and civil immunity, because any accusations against you are conspiracies. Also, how are they going up against Visa? They don't issue their own cards, but rather, are competing against the likes of PayPal, Bank of America, and Authorize.net. Sexual harassment tends to be civil. In most cases where some sort of sexual-related crime has occurred, there pretty much a guarantee that harassment occurred as well (think physical contact or labor-related crime such as extortion) though harassment can occur without a crime (unwanted verbal advances or comments leading to hostile work environment) It's great that you've isolated those funds, and are accounting properly. I think a number of "failed" crowd-funded projects fail in this regard. I know on the project you referenced using Harvest to track time - perhaps you could use Harvest's API to publicly disclose how much of the funding has been "burned down"? (I think this would be a good idea for all Kickstarter projects) Even if never, the idea is to reuse skills, not code. (In the same way that you reuse little code from Rails apps when build Chef recipes) That's not entirely true - you can reuse some libraries between client and server-side: underscore's utility functions are the underpinning for many node modules, sizzle and jQuery is great for DOM parsing when writing screen scrapers, etc. There's browserify if you want to run node modules in the browser. This has been true in most categories of devices for a long time. (Before things shook out and Samsung ascended, HTC and Motorola were leap frogging each other monthly with the "best" Android phone) ASP hasn't been updated in about 10 years, so yes it's old. ColdFusion, however, isn't "very old". It's an actively supported platform with new versions released within the past year (commercially and 2 open source alternatives). It contains current features such as ESAPI support (for security) and web sockets (for the whiz bang buzzwordians). The fact that it was released in 1995 is irrelevant - similarly aged languages include Java, Ruby, JavaScript, and PHP. You're correct that the age of the websites has much to do with the vulnerabilities. I think "no-one knew what they were doing" borders on insulting for anyone who's been building web apps for more than a few years, however. Rather, things like SQL injection weren't common then, and older, unsupported apps are thus easily exposed. If you actually read the article (and view the source of the Chrome download page), you'll see that it's a JavaScript error. Speaks to the wisdom of building an entire page up on JavaScript (something pretty much every site in the Google ecosystem relies upon). Uncaught errors tend to render things useless, whereas straight up HTML is quite useable with a broken link or three. Learn something that requires you to write all the code as your first language (like PHP without a framework), and then Rails as your second "language". Only after writing SQL do you truly realize the power of Active Record, or write session-based authentication do you appreciate Devise. I love Rails's "magic", but I like that I can visualize what a Gem is doing based on how similar functionality would be implemented in PHP or ColdFusion. Depends on whether or not they understand what it does. While they're far from comprehensive, I've found the tutorial approach at CodeSchool.com to be well worth the $. (With the basic Rub, Rails, and Git tutorials being free) It's on Heroku - looks like they're on the free plan, and need to spin up some dynos (and get the caching that comes with paid database) Might want to swap out the default Bootstrap favicon :-) From the article: "You’ll only see Ribbon listings from your Facebook friends or the pages you follow on the social network, which in theory cuts down the number of unwanted postings" Desktops and laptops have already reported drive capacity like this: total capacity before OS + apps. Tablets and smart phones, as they've existed in the marketplace since 2007, advertise available space. Most people think of the Surface as the Windows version of an iPad, not a new form factor for a traditional laptop. As such, they need to be marketed like their cohorts. Keep in mind that it was neither GWB or Bush Sr's accounts that were "hacked". Read the article. Neither President's accounts were hacked. On mobile, none of the custom header or the sidebars show up. In other words, I see only what seems to be the default Tumblr mobile layout, with no links to the product page, etc. Kinda defeats the purpose of the blog. That's made learning Rails a bit interesting. Seems that a number of these vulnerabilities are practically moot if you're following best practices brought about within the last year or so (for example, attr_accessible on all models as a result of the Github snafu). Of course, all vulnerabilities are worth paying attention to, but it'd be nice to know which ones are relevant to greenfield development. Looking at the AMA, the "verification photo", and the posted video, I see nothing convincing me it's real. However, the responses seem non-trolly, but I'm still not convinced. Case in point: Cowboys are worth as much as the Yankees, and are worth more than the Patriots and NY Giants. http://www.businessinsider.com/most-valuable-sports-teams-ma... Of course it's a money grab. So are .ly domains, which are over $100 USD. That doesn't stop every other startup from buying them however. .io does have some good names available, though it's pricey. billy dot io was my little splurge (but is just an alias to my full name dot com) Bit of a bait-y title. Not about 1-person startups, but how the team members at AngelList all have high levels of autonomy and how the culture at AL facilitates that. It's not free, but Peep Code has a screencast on it: https://peepcode.com/products/emberjs I haven't seen it, but based on the screencasts I have purchased, it's probably worth the $12 The first time I realized this was the direction things were going was when the Fire was released. On Amazon's page, I saw only one mention of "Android", and that was referring to the "Amazon App Store for Android". The current page only has one other reference (referring to the Amazon app for movies, in a list of other OS's where it's compatible). The focus in both cases being on Amazon, not Android. Is there a risk that this would increase the account's "spam score" with Google, and future emails might get unnecessarily flagged? I have no clue how they determine what's spam, just something to think about. Name sounds very similar to ColdFusion on Wheels (though as pointed out in referenced previous article, seems to have no connection) http://cfwheels.org/ I upvoted you because so many tend to forget this. Any comparisons of Firefox v. Chrome need to bear in mind the fact that development of Firefox is enabled by Google. It's also important to note that the $1B they pay Apple isn't insignificant either: http://bgr.com/2013/02/11/google-apple-ios-default-search-1-... Very true - it's definitely a symbiotic relationship. I doubt DDG could drop $300M a year, but MSFT could. Mozilla isn't going to give up that kind of $ just to hurt Google. The numbers vary by source, but across the board you see that FF's market share has dropped by about 1/3 or more since 2009, so every month that number gets lower (which seems to be the trend), FF becomes less and less valuable to Google. Probably, but they needn't advertise the fact. I go to a specialist for Cystic Fibrosis, and when one of my doctors responded to a question I had with "I Googled and learned that..." it didn't sit well with me. I can't speak to the author's intentions, but it feels like a typical HN-baity title to get eyeballs on the blog. The real estate dedicated to the startup's call to action (on the bottom and sidebar) is almost as big as the blog post. I, like many, have similar "blurbs of brilliance" that I'd love to post, but I feel that if I don't have at least several paragraphs with substantive information then I'm merely adding noise to the Web. Should have been clear. I wasn't saying beginning 2009, but their high in market share, which was late 2009. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Usage_share_of_web_browsers , which contains the graphic you linked to. In November 2009, FF's market share hit it's high of 32.2%. January 2013: 21.4%. Not FUD: the graph you linked shows the same. That's a reduction of 33%. I'm sorry, all of the replies on HN begging for invites are kind of annoying. Yep, me too. 100,000 user cap sucks, but is it possible on App.net to get 100,000 using your app? I did. You can still get 13" and 15" "traditional" (non Retina display) machines which are part of the "new" lineup. My early 2011 15" with matte display, SSD, and 16GB RAM seems to be a good compromise of still being under my control, yet gaining most of the performance benefits of the 15" rMBP. This is why I don't trust things like email to Apple. Email is a universal thing: whether I'm on my computer, an iDevice (I've owned several), an Android device (I've owned a few), or something entirely different (who knows what the future holds?) iCloud is great for backing up iOS specific things (many apps rely on it for syncing between your devices, etc) but for those things which merely consume "universal" things like mail and photos, I rely on universal solutions. Proprietary IM networks are just that. Email is based on standards, with RFC's defining behavior. Moreover, proprietary IM is based on a some level of membership in that network. Email is open and often involves individuals outside of Apple's iCloud network, users who haven't agreed with Apple to any terms of service or the like. Most places where there's WiFi, speed is terrible. I always end up tethering to my phone. Heck, LTE ends up being faster than my home connection. (Obviously used judiciously given the small dataplans you can get) Testing tends to be an intermittent need. Most apps that are to be tested tend to be off of the public Internet. I think that most orgs are unwilling to take the time to provide testers access they need (VPN access, etc) given the ephemeral nature of the relationship. I can't deny that he violated the trust placed in him by the military. That's a scary game, and one that I can't honestly take a position in, as I've never served. However, I feel that service is more than to your branch, commander, or unit. What is a soldier? Someone willing to sacrifice themselves for a greater, to defend those who can't defend themselves, to bring honor to their service. A US soldier serves the people first, the government second. Manning realized the risk he was placing his life in, and like a true soldier, he didn't let that knowledge deter him. In taking responsibility, he's holding his head high, not cowering behind attorneys and HTTP proxies. I can't say if he's right or wrong, but I can say that he showed courage befitting his title. I tell everyone, if you want to know if a new MBP is about to come out, ask me if I've bought one in the last couple of weeks. Both MBP's I've bought were followed soon thereafter by a model refresh :| I was a bit hopeful when supplies became constrained in the non-Apple Store channels: http://www.macrumors.com/2013/01/14/apple-thunderbolt-displa... Shortly after that, Best Buy discounted them a bit ($50), suggesting to me they wanted to empty the shelves for new models (as they surely aren't automatic sales like iPads). However, at this point I'm not convinced it'll be too soon, as whatever momentum the "signs" pointed to seems to have worn off. No, you're linking to a thread about the Mac Pro, not the MacBook Pro. :-) Gotta wonder though: should StackOverflow.com rank high for "stack overflow"? After all, a "stack overflow" isn't necessarily related to programming questions. Yes, you can ask questions on StackOverflow.com about stack overflows, but that's missing the point. So if I have a domain name that's a thing, but my site has very little content related to that thing, should I rank high for queries about that thing? "Linux is the canonical open source success story" Couldn't help but pause and reread that. Site is totally broken on Mobile Safari. Of course its gain has been news. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5262120 (when it broke $30) http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5144181 (when it broke $20) etc, plus the many stories about ability to pay for things like Reddit Gold, domain names, and more with Bitcoin. 1) You may hold Bitcoin, and talk from detractors is always frustrating. 2) Many Bitcoin advocates (I've mined and held Bitcoin, so I'll count myself in this crowd) tend to extoll Bitcoin's virtues, while downplaying or explaining away downturns 3) Even if it were true that the drop were news while the gain wasn't, that's how things work around here. Much has been made of Apple's stock drops, but in every case, Apple was actually up year-over-year, and it's 3 and 5 year price was way up. Also, keep in mind this is nothing new. When it fell from $30 down to about $3, I heard the same complaints. Lot of people made a lot of money then; a lot have made $ now. Conversely, many lost huge then, and who knows what will happen now. It became so bad it cost more to mine than the resulting coins were worth, and I turned off my rigs. (Eventually sold them) Bitcoin is a volatile, fun place to be. It's easy to convince yourself when it shoots up that you're a freaking genius for getting in it. When it goes down, the detractors think they're the ones with the clue. I think both groups suffer from confirmation bias, and this thing has several years before true stability. +1 to monit. I have an app that does a lot of scraping via Selenium, headless using xvfb and Firefox. If the Selenium scripts fail, Firefox never closes. On an EC2 micro instance, it doesn't take long before 40MB+ FF processes kill other things, like Tomcat (which runs my queue processor). I use monit to watch the root URL, and when it fails, it fires off a handful of scripts that restart the various pieces of the application. For a free product, the copy on their site feels a bit more "salesy" than I'm used to for a free product I agree. Anyone with animals knows that black just doesn't work, so I have to pass on a lot of cool shirts at conferences, etc Indeed, every time a negative story comes out, proponents always talk about the MtGox price and how that indicates how strong BitCoin is. BitCoin's raison d'etre isn't for conversion to fiat currency - it's to become an alternative to fiat currency. I'd love to see a breakdown of how much has been converted into fiat currency vs. how much has been spent for goods/services. Likely, I bet it's well over 100:1. So what has happened? BitCoin is helping put more fiat currency in people's hands as it grows, which is (theoretically) being spent on iPhones and bubble gum, strengthening the value of fiat currency in general. If you're going to go to the trouble of running something from the terminal (even if you save time with a bash/batch script), why would you prefer this over Selenium? With Selenium you can customize the actions, extend using your favorite language (such as adding pauses or pulling inputs from a database), and if you use Firefox, you can get the same recording ability (only you can save the file and can extend via JavaScript) True. I hadn't considered situations where the content would change if you replayed later. For the apps where I'd use this that's never been a use case, and aside from the cached content, Selenium accomplishes the same and more. Selenium is typically used for testing and verification, but it's quite useful as a recording/playback or full-fledged browser automation tool. Another good one is iMacros. Use Selenium and whatever host language you want to pause, introspect, etc (example, Java's sleep and use jSoup to parse DOM after grabbing it with Selenium's getBody() ) It seems there's an attitude that startups that are "disrupting" don't play by the same rules as "traditional" businesses. (See the many discussions re Uber and AirBnB as they relate to local regulations) Business can be a very scary place, with risk - even when it has nothing to do with your company, PR association can be a killer. Situations like this are careful reminders that it takes more than a MacBook Air, 5 Hour Energy, and six weeks at an incubator desk to launch a successful business. "Craigslist rapists" aren't employees of Craigslist either, yet there's still the negative stigma. I'm as quick as anyone to bash low price outsourcers, but there's nothing about that situation specific to being Indians. I've worked on many projects here in the states with active codebases that had no source control, and all of their "talent" was home grown. Why is this news? These kinds of postings have been on Elance / RentACoder/ Guru.com / etc since 2000, when I first started looking at those sites. Many of which are probably more outlandish than this. You're diverting. Bad software teams are bad. The fact that they were Indians is irrelevant - using home grown talent doesn't guarantee a level of quality. Awesome. I see you're from Houston, which makes me smile. In a world of high speed Internet and amazing cloud options, it's funny that there's a handful of "startup epicenters". I think the video is from elsewhere. Apple has arguably destroyed/killed off RIM. Microsoft's "destruction" is today's startups' "disruption". (At least in HN circles I think we applaud AirBNB or Uber doing damage to the hospitality or transportation industries). Twitter and Google are gobbling up and often times killing products of value. I think Microsoft did a lot of things we value: disrupt and grow. Looking back, I think we see it through a different lens, but modern startups (or those who have eclipsed that label to be "big") can be Microsoft (or at least little Microsofts). Probably the only thing separating Microsoft from many companies is the presence of a moral compass at the company level. As I read the post (haven't dug into the v4 book itself yet), this covers only revisions, not new features (such as TurboLinks)? As others have said, thank you so much for this resource. Everyone who can afford it who finds it useful should purchase it (I bought v3.0 on Kindle, and v3.2 in hard copy) My first response is the pitch-fork one that seems prevalent. However, what if the person was making a comment about the housekeeping at the conference hotel, or were cracking a joke about "rollin on ma 20 inch rims all up in da hood" that were overheard by a minority? Would the same objections about it being a private conversation apply? Can you explain further? How does using the Accessibility framework in a way other than designed to facilitate testing (code that really shouldn't make its way into the final app anyways) get in the way of Accessibility in the app used by the end user? Are the internal hooks into the Accessibility framework overridden at the API level? You don't want to develop your sites in a way that helps the disabled access it? Is this a value of your company? This applies to online shopping, but many ADA policies will end up affecting startups. Just an example, think of a new AirBNB competitor: they facilitate reservations like a travel agency or hotel lobby, businesses that are subject to ADA regulations. Of course, ADA takes a little additional time and care (not much, but hey, if you're agile and running lean, your MVP can't let regulations get in the way, right?) The government wants to regulate my site, but they just don't get it. ADA is the result of a dying industry that don't apply to me because I'm disrupting. DISRUPTING! Read up on accessibility. It's just about learning proper HTML techniques (for example, enabling your markup to support screen readers). We'll learn Ruby or Node or Backbone or whatever: this is just another skill to pick up. I don't think we can take the attitude that it's an undue burden. Small businesses don't always get to say they're too small for a wheelchair ramp (I know this varies by location, but you get the point). If you can't afford to meet a certain subset, maybe you need a new career. In time, dismissing a group of users because it's not financially attractive may be deemed illegal for developers, as it has been for brick-and-mortar for a long time. The moment you start becoming inaccessible, then that's your starting point. Various statistics point to 1 to 2% of the population being blind. So using that example, 50-100 is where you need to become concerned about accessibility. So am I understanding correctly: the attributes assigned to UI elements can have hints for accessibility sake, and the testing tools are filling those attributes with tags to automate to act/assert an element? Info that's valuable to the testing framework, but garbage for accessibility? Sounds like the testing frameworks have an obligation to provide a tool that can "clean" code for the final working version. Is there a way to do this in XCode without #ifdef'ing? (such as a pre-compilation plugin?) AirBNB, Teespring, Uber, Kickstarter, Dropbox, Twitter, App.net .... I didn't read the comment as a troll or any of what you said about the tone. It seemed to me to be an accurate account of what has happened before: Bitcoin bank/exchange gets hacked or has other issues, and people lose confidence. This is empirical. To deny what 30 seconds of Googling and a review on BitcoinCharts.com confirms speaks to your "evident knowledge of the Bitcoin ecosystem". You are right that you can store Bitcoins anywhere, and aren't restricted to banks/exchanges. However, this protects only the coins themselves, not the value. As things stand today, Bitcoins are only as valuable as you can trade them for fiat currency, or for products/services that continue to accept fiat currency. Where and how you store them has no impact on what the market is bearing as value for Bitcoins, and faith in the banks/exchanges plays a huge role (though there are other factors as well) in the market value. "Beta": why didn't AIG think of that? My understanding was that anyone who conducts commerce could be held accountable. I may get down-voted for this, but how about WordPress? Not for a long-term product that needs to scale and support tons of customers, but as an MVP. There are some really slick plugins that can help you create some pretty advanced functionality. Here's a 2 part podcast on that very topic: http://productpeople.tv/2012/12/05/episode-3-building-mvp-ap... http://productpeople.tv/2012/12/12/mvp-wordpress-part2/ As for design, WordPress has a rich market for themes: themeforest.net woothemes.com and many more Between plugins and themes and hosting, you can easily accomplish in an afternoon and a couple hundreds bucks (or less, depending on your needs) what would take you weeks to build. Get it out there, validate it, and then build it in your favorite language and framework once you know it's golden. T-Mobile is listed as the top acquisition of 2011, but that deal was blocked by the DoJ and later dropped by AT&T. In other words, the charts are based on announcements, not necessarily consummated transactions. You'd have to place caps on items. That said, you'd have to deal with complexity in pricing: $500,000 for a house in Houston is probably a luxury, but not so much in markets like San Francisco. Not to mention that there's a significant portion of people who really are so poor they aren't online. I understand that the HN community may be sheltered in many ways from a world where people can't afford a computer or Internet access, or a smart phone, but that world exists, and is not as small as we'd like to think. (I grew up in a family where a trailer home with a broken-down Pinto in the yard would have been a step up ... for some family members, very little has changed) If you're willing to spend some money on plugins, you can pretty far with WP (WP-Member, Gravity Forms, etc) Zapier makes it easy to wire together a bunch of services if you want to build up functionality fast. Myself, I'm building my MVP's these days with Bootstrap + Rails + Heroku, and when I need to step up the design a bit, I'm leaning on WrapBoostrap and Designmodo. That said, I think it's extremely possible to build an MVP (emphasis on Minimum, as it should be) and write very little code. Looks to me like you stole the design of the Official HN Tee. http://teespring.com/hntees Nice try by dropping the "s" on the end. Too bad it didn't work. If you're checking versions and not features, you're doing it wrong. For some, yes. A single mom with 3 mouths to feed perhaps. A kid with no real responsibilities? As I see it, he (presuming here, I know) has as much as 100 hours of free time per week. As much as he dislikes home, if you're living there rent free (which is a luxury if you're over 18, IMO) then work is pure gravy. You're not entitled to free time to entertain yourself. If you want it, freaking work for it. Or spend your time whining on HN and Reddit about how you have no time. I'm a developer today, and do ok by industry standards (not great, just okay, for now). However, I grew up in a less than trailer trash home, my dad was a janitor, my mom was nuts (I used to watch her talk to invisible people in a roach infested kitchen), my siblings were sucked into the poverty mindset. I was born with a serious medical condition. I've had some other crap go down that I'll barely tell my close friends, let alone an Internet of strangers, but trust me when I said I've had to rebuild areas of my life more than once. So what. I won't tell I have it all figured out, but I will tell you I will not be defeated. And I have little sympathy for those who tell me the horrible hand they've been dealt. I realize that we live in a world where only the kids of the rich get to succeed, and the only way to start up your own business is to join an incubator. If you believe that, then you will be taken advantage of. Either push to be successful, or be the kind of person that the successful use to get there. They're more than happy to take your money and your spirit. Freelance. Join enough online meetups, Linked In lists, etc. Start a website where you blog about topics you're an expert in. (I'd lean more heavy on the programming thing than the audio stuff - not as fun, but you can program from anywhere) Or: do some overseas mission stuff. I don't mean church stuff, where you pay to go, and are in an isolated bubble of service. No, I mean give up your life, go somewhere for a year or two. You can live on dollars a day (and still live better than the natives), and I think it will greatly benefit your worldview. Join the military. Regardless of the politics of it, I think most will agree it's an opportunity to learn, grow, and get away. Love the Pascal script SEEKING WORK Houston. Remote preferred. Building web apps since 1999. Expert level: ColdFusion (speaker at numerous CF conferences), HTML, JavaScript, CSS, jQuery, SQL Server, MySQL. Senior level: .NET, PHP, AWS, Linux, Windows/IIS Mid level: Ruby on Rails, Vagrant, WordPress development, general design (Photoshop since 1996, but I have typical programmer's eye for design) Junior level: node.js, Ember, Angular, Backbone bdcravens@gmail.com I love how I can't take any post from any tech company serious today. Not like I'd want to actually do any real work today. Ditto for Cystic Fibrosis, with regard to cholera resistance. A bit confused by your referencing senescence, since that's just growing old. I digress ... As to #2 there's a huge difference between conditions that cause death. Some cause very early and painful deaths. I have Cystic Fibrosis, and I should be able to make it into my 60's (probably far beyond, but I'm assuming today's science). As my wife and I are considering children #2 is a very real question (let's say you don't die young, but have a lower health quality compared to most, and have tens of thousands of health costs every year with all the financial instability that comes with - would this be unethical to force on someone?) Historically (such short as it has been), it has dropped substantially ($33 to under $2 in a short period of time). Probably not going to see it get that bad again, but current rise is based on market sentiment, not anything magical due to crypto or tech. Even so, a 20% gain probably isn't that big of a deal. A random growth fund can do that. It's TL;DR not TL;DWTR We're lean! We're innovating! We're disrupting! The fact that a company chose a pricing model that doesn't fit anymore doesn't mean they get to dismiss their customers like this. How are we to know that they weren't pulling a bait and switch: 1) Offer pricing model too good to be true (Express was announced in August) 2) Get hockey stick growth, get VC (they closed $2.6M round in October) 3) Change terms 4) Profit! Looks like the address isn't all that was burning... I cut my teeth on Geocities in 1996. Frustrated by the limitations of their in-browser editor, I decided to go hard-core and do all my HTML in Notepad :-) I graduated to HotDog Pro and Homesite in short order. Of course, I had the requisite star field background, animated gifs, and requisite tags. However, is this a typical path? Today I'd guess many build "sites" using Tumblr, Blogger, or Wordpress before picking up development skills. Even those stumbling through Rails or the like can drop in Twitter Bootstrap with little fanfare and have a pretty decent looking first effort. In Chrome on OSX if I look at a snippet, then go back, the preview images don't render, but I see all black instead. What's up with the plugin list? Why no Sublime Text? Not everything is pit-for-pat, juvenile disputes. Occasionally you'll find grown up professionals with valid technical or business reasons for the decisions they make. He’ll have no choice but to reply to 300 people or more. Yes, he has plenty of choices. Forward it to a subordinate, select an canned response from his email client/intranet, ignore it ... I know this is terribly pedantic, but seeing the name of the blog like that in the HN title rubs me the wrong way. I'd imagine those can't be open sourced: the game studio owns the code, but licenses the likeness in the images. Is wireless broken, or is there competitive position? It's great that they're doing something totally different, but pretty sure they wouldn't be were they #1 or #2. Also, that's a horrible address, with the combo of dashes and dot. The worst part is that a lot of the side projects end up being another attempt at the next social network or a new project management app. Here’s a quick tip: there are plenty of those already. If you do want to start a company, work on building a real business, not a side idea that’s hoping to be the next Twitter/Facebook/Instagram combination or a better version of Basecamp. This is true of full-fledged, VC-backed, "startups". (The author seems to delineate between "startups" and side-projects as if the latter weren't real - by this logic, PlanScope and Bingo Card Creator aren't real projects) Pretty sure they interpret a VPN as an anonymizing proxy. Just because you paid for it or it's through your business, it still shows PayPal a different IP address than your true location. Intent isn't the issue, as they both look alike. It's like the gun control argument. A microscopic percentage of everyone who has ever purchased an assault weapon has ever committed a violent act. Regardless, the argument is that the potential harm makes banning necessary. As a freelancer I understand where you're coming from. On the other hand, we're a business. How many times have we gone into a store, and are "just looking"? Went to a lot, test drove a car, and said we needed to leave and "think about it"? Called prospective businesses for pricing and never followed up with them? Part of doing business is servicing those who may not be paying customers. You must have that time margin built in. Is it rude for potential customers to not follow up, even to let us know nothing's happening? Maybe. I'd never call a lot back to let them know I was just prospecting, either. If your freelance practice can't bear to lose time like this, you need to rethink your pricing or your chosen profession. I'll often give my brain a break with something like a quick Angry Birds round or Bejeweled Blitz (quick 60 second rounds). Or I'll do a bit of cleaning of my desk. Actually, AT&T is Southwestern Bell, not so much a "successor" company. SBC acquired AT&T and changed the name. Interesting that it has a panel where you can provide your HTML. I'd have thought that would be against Apple's rules (haven't looked into how restrictive the HTML renderer is) Depends on what you're doing. If I were starting up something around the oil industry, pretty sure I'd want to be in Houston. (Easy access to Austin talent being a bonus, but that's a tangent) Probably not their public facing website, but most companies run tons of code you'll never see. I've done ColdFusion since 1999, and while it's not a language the cool kids use, I've come across tons of large companies that use it for internal HR sites, internal content management, etc. I also have to give a +1 to CodeSchool. This violates Kickstarter rules. See the $50 pledge: The price will jump to $100 after the Kickstarter, so sign up now!" Kickstarter project guidelines: Kickstarter cannot be used to fund e-commerce, business, and social networking websites or apps. ( http://www.kickstarter.com/help/guidelines#prohibited ) No matter if you throw the "education" label on it, it's still a paid membership site. A business website. Even if it were allowed, it's miscategorized. The "Open Software" category is to fund open source projects, not education efforts about open source software. I don't see that any of the software that would come out of this project would be released as open source. Creating a good content can be pricey. Even if one wants to be altruistic, perhaps doing something gratis means you really can't dedicate as much time as you'd like. To that end, Udemy is a great solution for monetizing great teaching content. It won't harm open source. Perhaps it'll harm future crowdfunding endeavors, as the trust level will be low. However, I think open source software that was funded on Kickstarter, but never delivered ( http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1397300529/railsapp ) is far more of a threat than courseware. With all due respect, the idea that open source projects are always the result of free, volunteer work is a bit of a sheltered and idealistic view. Open source projects with the most tractions are either sponsored, or someone is writing open source code as part of a job they're paid for. (a few examples: Rails, node.js, Linux, Vagrant ....) For projects where that's not an option, crowdfunding is a good alternative. Most "involved" in open source are consumers. Crowdfunding allows for involvement and support at a different level, and is totally consistent with the open source ethos. Open source is about freedom, not money. Any kind of membership site is against Kickstarter rules. When Mt. Gox was hacked, everyone assumed they were done, and folks like TradeHill were the future of BTC exchange. Mt. Gox came back, TradeHill got out (though they recently relaunched after several months), and I'm sure that led to a feeling of bulletproofness on Mt. Gox's part. We can laugh at Bitcoin but real guys, in real basements, are losing real fake money right now. https://twitter.com/DavidClinchNews/status/32205973231779430... Never said it was dead, but the promises of that project still haven't been fulfilled (see the Deliverables section of the project - a GitHub repo that developers can build in XCode isn't the .app that was promised) Note that update you linked to came a day after a pretty energetic discussion on HN: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5116601 Yes, but that's not the totality of the project. Had it been limited to that, it would probably be ok. A $25,000 USD USB stick. (as much as $70,000 at one point) Pretty sure I'd search a bit harder :-) Seems a bit unfair to show a rate of packages per year based on the full life of each language, as the principle package repos haven't been around as long as the packages/year implies. He's advertising their cloud development platform. If it was AWS, not much different, as the Kindle Fire's a direct competitor to Apple. Years ago, when the MS hatred was a bit more intense on places like Slashdot, I amused myself with capturing screenshots of Microsoft ads on their site. Here's a few from my old blog: http://web.archive.org/web/20020929185648/http://www.mr-bill... (Today that's no big deal since ads are served based on your browsing history if you don't block, but in 2002, I think that was less likely) I have the exact same setup. While the rMBP is tempting, I think I could keep this for a while, as I don't know that I could get much better performance with anything else. For casual users, that's probably not as big a deal as you'd think. Besides, those folks definitely aren't comparing it to machines with Ubuntu. I prefer the 5400 RPM machines, as I'm replacing machines, not buying new ones, and my old upgrades (SSD and RAM) always come with me (put "new" hard drive in old machine and eBay it) Think of it like you would a charity auction; you're giving to a cause and getting a bonus item. How about "cli-completion"? You don't need a "cool name"; you need to communicate clearly. Code communicates. Think spoken language. There's a reason why street slang suggests (wrongly or not) that the speaker is less educated. I'll accept (begrudgingly so) cutesy names. I take issue with simple nouns that could be an obvious thing but are taken by another project because they're easy to remember. Example: "bingo" Node module. I was thinking of building a simple Bingo game app using Socket.IO, and creating a module that lets it be included in an app. The name is already taken, by a module for .. testing function calls. May be a great project, but how is "bingo" better than "function-introspection". Modules names are pretty much domain squatting. Next language that comes out with a module system I should grab names like "database" and make the modules randomly post obscenities to Twitter or something equally unrelated. VMWare reported twice as much revenue as (is derived for) AWS for the recent quarter. AWS is cheaper, but even so, I'm trying to wrap my mind around how that's possible. As an AWS user, it's nice to see them continually lower the prices of their offerings (presumably due to efficiencies of scale). Still, that's not something I'm really used to, from anyone. Is it truly cheaper to service me, or is there something else at play? Most 24 years old never achieve those levels of success either. $1B+ exits (not all are exits of course, but I'm talking personal financial impact) are a pretty narrow way of defining success. Most people would call anything 7+ figures winning at life, and I'm sure there's tons of those who are 50+. "Hacking away" is a narrow definition of entrepreneurship. Easy fix: Apple should stop announcing new products at WWDC. I doubt they will; WWDC is as much about a stock price bump as a conference for developers. Still, if they could make it unappealing to fanboys, John Gruber, and (insert-gadget-blog-name-here), it could serve the community. Cute how the site blends in the ThemeForest affiliate links in with their galleries, as if it's legit content. Automatically makes the other items suspect (not downing affiliate income, just mark it as such, and a price tag isn't the same thing) So the "businesses" you looked at when you were 17 and 18, did you actually do any development on them? Or by "not going anywhere", do you mean you never crossed the first hurdles (financing, media exposure, etc)? I'm fascinated by the idea that you can build million dollar ideas while dealing with the demands of school and (presumably) a social life. I wonder if having a third business by age 20 leads to ADD-driven Entrepreneurship. Not to knock your age, but you can't ignore the truth that your longest "project" has probably lasted a semester. The full experience of high school, which surely feels like an eternity (I know it did to me at that age, as it represented 20% of my life span!), is less time than it took for some of the most successful businesses to attain profitability. So what's your timespan for success? I guess I question the ability to even have the perspective to drive not only product development, but the business development it takes to bring a company to profitability at your level of life experience. I'm sure this is far more complicated than the full-blown mobile apps I see advertised for $100 by developers overseas. To communicate with a hiring manager that otherwise might not give them the time of day. Flip side of posting fake jobs to get resumes. Banks have security against this sort of thing. They manage it by making actually keeping that money after obtaining it without getting caught really hard. I have no idea how it can be protected against when it's bitcoin. Fiat currency has government buy-in, and government support for loss prevention. Bitcoin not so much. The general anti-government attitude that goes with BTC means there's little incentive for law enforcement to care. (Yes, a server break-in is cybercrime, but so is someone hacking your Wordpress or Facebook accounts, and that's the level of attention it will be paid) Or just regular registration. I have near 100 that I registered with good intention. Then I get distracted and later I'll look at my list and be amazed at the quality of the names I have. Nothing that I could sell for much, but that would be great memorable names for a service or company. They're so cheap that it's no big deal (at least in bite size chunks), but the truth is I'm locking it up for an entrepreneur with the time and motivation. If you upgraded your Creative Suite on any kind of a schedule, the price per hour isn't much different, depending on which package you purchased. There are some cloud components, such as storage and other services. It isn't just the same software with a new license. http://www.adobe.com/products/creativecloud/tools-and-servic... There are some cloud components, such as storage and other services. It isn't just the same software with a new license. http://www.adobe.com/products/creativecloud/tools-and-servic... You actually paid $60-100 for a domain name for this? Of course I know that. That doesn't mean I can't be puzzled when someone walks down the street setting 2 $20 bills on fire. Interesting that this is the only blog post on this site, must be brand spanking new. You said you were at Microconf - Rob Walling's story sounds like that. Personally I get more out of Startups for the Rest of Us than Mixergy (both are in my regular rotation). Also did up all the podcasts patio11 has done - his story is fairly humble. Ditto for Brennan Dunn. Some of these guys are HN rock stars, but if you dig, you'll find some really good stories there. Android was gaining significant market share before Samsung emerged as the clear leader (see Motorola Droid, HTC Incredible, etc). There's tons of budget consumers carrying around sub $100 Android phones from Cricket, etc, many of which aren't Samsung devices. (I see probably 100 of those for every 1 Windows phone I see in the wild) Also, since you didn't delineate that you're referring to phones alone, I'm sure the tablets sold by Amazon and B&N are quite relevant. Pursuing your passion: bravo. In reading this, however, I can't help but read into it a belief of the "inevitability of success". Instead of a $200M exit, you might not see $200. (In which case your decision looks even better.) However, your pursuit of clean water might not be successful either: inability to raise money, technologies issues, uncooperative or greedy governments, etc. AMI's with cost are attached to the resources installed (for example, Adobe ColdFusion). Also, if you create your own AMIs, you pay for associated storage of the image. I find it amusing that you think attorneys and physicians only answer to their own. Attorneys are sandwiched between clients and judges, and physicians have regulation to deal with, to say nothing of the fact that at anytime they could get sued into oblivion based on a simple mistake. "Technologists" are worthless independent of the business value they create. I always have to root for Texas, but aren't there quite a few VC-funded companies in Austin? While it's not the only resource of its kind, it does feature in-browser coding and feedback. You have to get through those exercises in order to continue. While I felt it was far from thorough (you can often ape the examples you've been shown without really understanding what you're doing), it's a nice way to get your feet wet by taking baby steps. They also provide freebies/discounts, like free Peepcode screencasts, discounts on Michael Hartl's screencasts, etc (varies by course). I personally feel it gives me its $25 (often $20 - you get $5 vouchers for courses you complete) value. I'm pretty sure if you replace "Google" with "Microsoft" or "Apple" it would change the number of people dismissing it as b.s. I believe the poster intended to quote the Justice to speak to the principle of the matter, not to imply that the ruling had jurisdiction. I'd also point out that the expansion of SaaS, open source, and mobile app marketplaces impacts this. Look at services like FreshBooks and Basecamp. The engineering effort to implement comparable solutions used to be immense; now you can buy into online services for less than the price of lunch, with no long-term contracts. Similarly, look at open source solutions like WordPress. An afternoon with a $5 hosting account and a few plugins will get a site that would have cost you $100K+ in 1998 feature-wise. I'm also amazed at how often a few minutes searching for an app will get me something that fits the need perfectly - and costs less than $4. Very true. What % of developers are writing C++ however? I'd think it's a reasonable assumption that they're going down (and a cursory glance at Indeed shows this). So some jobs will always pay well; the average salary should go down if the average skill need goes down however. (Ignoring for the moment that some lesser skilled development jobs actually pay better as a result of demand) Someone buys my house, but asks me to live in it and care for it. I then live it in like I've lived for years. One day they show up and chop down the tree I planted with my child when they were young, and change the color of the paint. "What are you doing?! Do you know how much passion I've put into this property?" "Who cares? It doesn't belong to you anymore, and you've got a pretty decent chunk of change in the bank." How many stories on Tumblr have their been the past few days? Never mind the articles on Jobs and Swartz when they passed. Take something and repurpose it for our own benefit .. hey, isn't that the basis of AirBnB's business model? :-) What I'm confused by, is why is this even a conversation? PHP is possibly the most used language in the world. I'd presume that there's tons of highly qualified engineers to choose from, who are already bought in to the value of the language. Banks ignore. It goes to court. As he's the sole named on the patent, the judge requires his presence in US courtroom. I think it goes without saying that he will never come to the US. Patent for free if they fund his defense? Pretty sure that's not my definition of "free" Running it against my username, the first email address it pulls is the email of someone who contributed to one of my projects, not mine. (using -a does also include my address) Title should be corrected, as it doesn't get the email address of all users, only those with public activity. A team member on a private org repo I'm a part of has no public activity on Github, and no email is returned, even using -a. I have a pair of Bose Quiet Comfort 15's, supposedly one of the best noise canceling headphones you can buy. While it eliminates alot of the noise, noise still gets in. Likewise, you can pass and parse URL parameters in an Express app (or any framework for that matter) if so inclined Not really related. In this situation, the author is basically just serving a website based on some dynamic content. Alot of the discussions of the language variety seem to be a bit impedance mismatched: comparing a framework (such as Rails or Express) to a language (Go, PHP, ColdFusion). I've found that a solid framework is generally comparable or at least completely changes the conversation (for example: Rails vs. ColdFusion is pretty lopsided, but compare Rails with a CF MVC framework like ColdBox is a completely different discussion). Is this due to the fact that some languages tend to be less likely developed using frameworks (my experience in PHP) or is that developers using "younger" languages tend to take a "framework-first" approach? They still can. Making an honest living can mean anything from coding Rails at a trendy startup to writing SQL Server stored procedures at a Big 4 to doing mail merges in Access for an ISD in rural Kansas. However, there will always be some companies where coding alone doesn't make them a good fit, whether that's being a programmer for Twitter or the Southern Baptist Convention. Are you in SF? I'm in Houston, and 100K is closer to the norm for engineers here, but of course, 100K wouldn't go as far in SF. Were I to take a job in SF, I'd probably need a $20K-30K premium. Of course - I'm thinking in terms of usage, not necessarily the true age of the language. (As a long-time ColdFusion user, I've had interesting conversations where someone told me they were abandoning the "old" language, which came out in 1995, for something newer and fresher like Ruby, which is only 5 months "younger") I've seen plenty of developers in their 30's unable to work because they were a one-language pony, and that language was no longer needed in the marketplace. In 2003, Apple was picking up steam, but the iPod was a 2 year old product, and they weren't selling music until late April. There was no iPhone, and no iPad. At the time, if you wanted to ride the technology wave to riches, it would have seemed a safer bet to buy Palm or RIM. You seem stuck on the idea that it's a WordPress theme. It is not. The theme (linked from the article): http://themeforest.net/item/the-talk-responsive-email-templa... It's a responsive email template. Not a WordPress template. None of your proselytizing about WP themes and the GPL is applicable to this situation. They should consider the % who look at their template and don't purchase (I do this all the time on ThemeForest). Apply that percentage to their imaginary number (nothing spectacular about it, so I'll guess 1%?) Email on Acid should send them a check for $200 and call it a day. In a world of PaaS and the cloud, and amazing communication capabilities like Skype and Google Hangout, why? What about CA or NY makes them more talented? They're there because the work is there, not vice versa. Also, you don't have to be in the middle of nowhere. There's plenty of large American cities where you can buy a nice house for less than $150K. I realize that the SF reality distortion field would suggest that everywhere else is powered by oil lamps, but I figure as long as you have high speed Internet and are within an hour of an Apple store, then you are quite capable to getting the work done from your home. There's a number of interests outside that potentially usurp efficacy of crime reduction. The cost of 100% monitoring, or moral/ethical interests (I deserve some degree of privacy) If 30 years ago it had been known that the Internet could be used for child pornography or communicating about blowing up important buildings, I wonder what today's world would be like if today's mindset had been prevailing then. I don't think michaelochurch is saying that. Rather, sometimes you look out for #1, which involves doing your best and setting yourself up for long term success. I say that as someone who has remained gainfully employed for several companies, only one of which was local, over the past several years. by the time you buy this dumb plastic toy and just 9 of those little wheels Wheels are $9 each. $81 + $26 = $107 for 81 photos (9 wheels, 9 photos each) vs. a projector that can connect to anything with composite output. Lots of folks: 1) someone who is adversely affected by software hosted there 2) someone who sells source code hosting and sees GitHub as competitor 3) someone wanting to demonstrate fragility of software that relies on GitHub for underlying package management (such as NPM) 4) someone wanting to disrupt a blog that uses GitHub as the data store etc I think it's fine to post about outages - that's relevant news, and even if site is back up, always results in relevant and theoretically good discussion. I do agree that linking to the URL that's down is a special kind of stupid. At that point, it's a non-link, and there's little value in watching my browser spin. I presume that each batch of photos will have a specific theme or a use case in mind. If I were looking for sharp photos for my web design consulting website, and I think Apple products are the standard for the industry, I might use these images. Conversely, if I were doing a basketball design, I might incorporate urban images (asphalt, chain link fence, generic graffiti) to invoke a particular mindset or attitude. Golang should be the name of the language. Ironic that you can't Google for "go" and get relevant results, but "golang" works well. I've got 3 minutes. I've spent more than 3 minutes searching, and I can't find a way to specify a version in an import (though you can tag the go version, you still can't tie the import to a specific tag or version or commit). Am I missing something? It seems the only way around this is to check out a point in time release and import that (which would solve the problem the article mentions). However, that's a workaround for a problem that package managers like NPM and RubyGems have trivially solved. After the big Mt. Gox hack in 2011, in order to get my funds out, I had to send a photocopy of my ID to be verified (pretty sure there were other mechanisms, but that one seemed the one with the least friction). I'm a bit surprised that there's any expectation of anonymity with Bitcoin if you're not 100% non-fiat. Neither of those links address the issue the author mentioned, nor do they describe the need to use your own local copy of a package in case the package authors introduce non-backwards compatible changes. Yes, it needn't behave like NPM, or RubyGems, or Aptitude, or Homebrew, or any of the dozen or so systems out there for install remote packages that let you indicate version. Probably no different than if a younger traveler was injured and needing medical attention: they'd triage it onboard, and provide emergency care at the next port-of-call if needed. Worst case scenario, helicopter ride to a major hospital. A number of ticketing systems, like Unfuddle and Assembla, include free git repos. Personally I prefer Github, but if you're already using such a system, might as well utilize its git hosting (for a backup if nothing else) I'm seeing that trading will resume at 3:25 pm ET (in about 10 minutes from time I'm writing this). Grab your popcorn! I was in The Galleria mall in Houston Sunday, and they have a "showroom" with 2-3 cars in it (they were closing so I didn't have time to stop and look). I wonder what the point was, and if they have any pending orders here. The idea of course is that you'll use Parse for your datastore, authentication, etc. For a number of use cases Express + Parse API is fully adequate. I can't speak to Saint Lucie specifically, but I always wonder the same thing when someone mentions a specific country: are they speaking to rights afforded to everyone who comes in, or just citizens? How long until one is made whole in that country? About as likely to happen as the Texas secession. Assuming these instances are launched in your account (frightening liability there, but I digress), how are you getting past Amazon's default 20 instance limit? I know they'll increase the limit, but it's case by case. At this point, you could link to an Onion article about PRISM and it'd get voted up to the front page (and would discussed as legit) I like to be able to script my environment and put it in a git repo for others who may join the team, or myself (when I repave my machine, for example). Also I've found the upfront effort to write the recipe (I tend to write lean recipes, rather than use community ones, as I see a lot of bloat and unneeded dependencies) helps me identify dependencies early on. (For example, say I need Selenium or Jenkins - my local machine's Java has been long working, so the cleanroom environment helps me identify gotchas I wouldn't otherwise see until deployment) A core principle of politics is that you're responsible for everything that happens on your watch. If you don't believe that, go listen to the past 40 years of broadcasted debates, and count the number of things that the opponent didn't personally do but was called to account for. The only time I use Safari myself, other than testing of course. My wife sells Mary Kay, and for some reason, she can't login to her account using Chrome on her machine, but Safari works, so she uses Safari for the one website. This theory supposes that Bitcoin is mature enough to respond to outside influence. The market isn't stable enough to endure events inside of the market: major exchanges getting hacked or experiencing downtime on a frequent basis, "banks" getting "hacked" with little explanation, and whales causing major price shifts by spending a few hundred thousand $ on a big buy or sell. Give it away. Setup an org bitbucket account. Give other devs access - it's up to them whether or not to use it. 1) You have an out if others wreck the ship 2) At the very least you've backed up your stuff (good even if you're the only dev) For VMWare Fusion, not VMWare Workstation, I believe, as Workstation doesn't have an OSX version, and as others have said, their license doesn't allow for running a VM on non-Apple hardware. You can install Windows XP anywhere, but I think JunkDNA was referring specifically to the distributed VMs for testing IE, which in the past were always VHDs. I don't think that's the case. Their documentary is on crowdfunders, not scams. The unraveled the scam because of the documentary and being mentioned by Kobe Red (though the publicity certainly is helping) Since no money changed hands, no theft occurred. Fraud is still an issue, but it's not like the typical scam where it's obviously a criminal case. There's a lot more to it than the wireless piece. Today's AT&T was Southwestern Bell/SBC which as you said, acquired AT&T and switched names. It's not like in mid-90's the Internet started getting big and the telecoms started running wires because it was the best option. They based the new network offerings on the infrastructure that had been in place for decades. Developing areas don't have that existing infrastructure. Perhaps setting up a wired infrastructure will make the most financial sense. However, I don't think that's a foregone conclusion, and a pure wireless infrastructure may be far cheaper and more profitable. There was a time when "time spent searching for P" was much greater for Apple hardware than Wintel machines. For me, it's certain pieces of software, like OmniFocus and Transmit. (Went through the same thing when deciding between iPhone and the S3, both of which I own, and one sits in a drawer to only be brought out for testing.) I know there's always someone who can name some random app in the same category, but they're usually very weak substitutes. I'd argue that the trackpad on MBP's and Airs is the best anywhere. Every other computer I've ever used resulted in funky stray swipes, sometimes even when I hit a key near the trackpad. (Haven't tried a Dell Precision's, and I haven't had a Trackpad since the IBM days) I believe the X1, which Avdi referenced, maxed at 8GB? (same as Air) The W series of course can have crazy hardware in it, but it's quite the anomaly in the industry. It seems that folks get upset at these types of narratives about SV because they're convinced that it's an attack on tech entrepreneurship. It's not: it's an assault on the Series A -> writing checks to Lamborghini lifestyle, and the poor allocation of resources that world rewards. Real businesses that use tech as a lever are steps of progress that moves the world forward. You don't have to cure HIV, but you shouldn't receive a seven-figure check to pursue your dream of predictive music based on the color of cats you upvote on Reddit either. Anything that destroys the fallacy that working in this industry requires you to live in a tiny region in a certain state in a certain nation is good, and in a very small way, pushes humanity closer to the egalitarian ideal of the Internet. Build a SaaS app that improves a dentists relationships with their patients from the middle of Minot, ND. Hell, take some kids in a village in the middle of Africa, teach them to code. Let them launch something using little more than a circa 2000 class laptop with a 3G connection, in a hut with a generator. $300,000 a year in revenue. Total. That totally changes the game for things like world hunger. That kind of business will revolutionize the world far more than 10-figure exits for photo-sharing apps ever will. To be fair, some of the post-9/11 policies did have an impact. However, don't discount the real effects the attack itself had, before the knee even had a chance to jerk. I was at Sabre (spin-off of American Airlines, owner of Travelocity, creator of travel agency software) at the time, in HR's development group. (Actually that group had been acquired by EDS, but same group, same role, different name on the paycheck) Within a trading day of the attack, they lost 50% in market cap. We went from massive projects to calculate performance based compensation to doing it on a simple spreadsheet. Many lost their jobs, including me. Interestingly enough, the Magic Trackpad (larger Bluetooth version) is clickable on the entire surface. I'd surmise that everyone's a little dirty, but if you play nice, the powers that be will turn their head. Put another way: racial profiling is real. That doesn't mean that those racially profiled are innocent when caught with illicit substances, but that doesn't make the profiling any less wrong. It's one thing to access Contacts via oAuth, where LinkedIn gets no credentials. It's another thing altogether for them to request credentials and login on your behalf. I'm sure there IS open source software being used. (Responding to question as written - was "data" rather than "code" intended?) Of course, that means that as an open source author it's possible your code is used in what you might consider to be horrible ways. I guess this is true no matter what - say you come up with the world's next great web framework. You're a staunch atheist, but a Baptist church uses your code to launch a website to evangelize. Your code is changing the world in a way you oppose. So... is there a place for a license with idealogical restrictions on use? Would this promote censorship, or would it restrict attacks on it? Why does it have a copyright of 2018 on filepicker.io? Pretty sure the reliability applies only to paying customers. MegaUpload's account wasn't active - what were they to do? In a perfect world the US government would be compensating them, but like all businesses, they had to make the best decision given the circumstances (Mega's funds frozen, potential legal liability in giving data, daily cost to keep data) Seeing all the drama about XBox One vs PS4, I can't help but laugh. The PS4 may seem a better solution (lower cost, more freedom) but then I remember, this is Sony. Gaming network hacked many times, company that attacks hobbyists that hack on the hardware they own, and then situations like this. No, I'm not. In the same way that a post related to the iPhone somehow magically turns into a discussion about Samsung and "rounded corners", when the original article had nothing to do with those issues. My point is situations like this are further indications of Sony's incompetence, yet there's plenty on HN who will be standing in line to give them money when the PS4 come out, as if it's a different company without all the fails. Buses can legally only hold so many. Fares are a backstop against uneconomical use (why wouldn't I take the bus to go four blocks? my feet hurt) and overcrowding. If usage increases, and buses can't hold anymore, then what? No stops? Most bus stops aren't proper lines, but people hanging out until the bus comes. I'm certain a free system would be most disadvantageous for those who can't get in line fast enough when the bus does come. I'm certain people can come up with ideas, but usually when I hear these sorts of discussions, it's not from those who rely on public transportation. I think the answers would be different if those having discussions had their licenses revoked until a decision was made :-) Your withdrawing in your local currency, right? The problem is with Mt. Gox and their ability to give you fiat, not Bitcoin. As many mentioned, you can easily move your Bitcoins out. However, I'd posit that 75% or more of accounts on Mt. Gox do not have a verified account elsewhere. Are the other exchanges prepared for the increased load if it comes? If one or two have downtime, what will that do to the price? Most on Mt. Gox don't have secondary accounts, and this is more likely for those who are looking to make short term $ (and who tend to panic sell). For the various exchanges they could move to, what's the turnover time to be able to trade and more importantly, make USD withdrawals? Will the other exchanges be ready for this? How exacerbated could this be if there's a price drop? This isn't generic "mobile video". This is short video clips, pretty much the same as Vine is doing. The latest Air is a relatively small revision to the current Air line that's been around for a few years now True, but doesn't it have a couple of new parts? (Haswell CPU and WiFi chip that adds AC support as I recall) the DEA has some technology people I'll step out on a limb and say that given their annual budget of almost $3B, they have a technology person or 2 on staff. Someone buys drugs and gets caught, and has property seized. How audacious. Interesting that the Privacy Policy page contains references to Harvard Connection. Did this really happen with the original FB that MZ launched or was poking at the situation? Having money is more than your checking account balance. If you ran out of money, did that mean foreclosure? repossession? homelessness? starvation? If not, then you weren't broke. Obviously I can't speak to your situation, and if you're a true bootstrapper, then kudos. However, I think you can agree there's a ton of 19 years old running around driving the cars mommy and/or daddy bought, with the iPhone and MBP also purchased by their parents. They can totally go for gold and fail, and still have somewhere to live and try again. I think there are windows of opportunity that a person who wishes to capitalize has to jump on. I'll guess there's millions of $ floating around in our industry that originated from 19 year olds who took opportunities in 1998 or 1999 that would have never materialized had they waited a year or 2. Irony is that this is coming from a San Francisco based, VC-backed media site, of which most of their writers (kinda assuming this based on their staff list) are located in SV. I like having a giant house (rented) where my office, by itself, is as big and cheaper than some apartments in the Valley. I assume you mean ColdFusion (it's been a single word since at least 1999). CF has some definite perception issues, but does have a number of features that go against the grain of the thinking about it: several MVC frameworks, ORM, web sockets, multiple open source engines, an abstraction layer atop the JVM, asynchronous programming options, closures, etc. As for "previous era", it's the same age as Ruby, Java, JavaScript, and others. CF's disadvantage isn't the tech so much lacking an ecosystem such as what has sprung up around options like Clojure, node.js, and RoR. As someone who first picked it up in 1998 and has intermittently built apps in it, the biggest tip: use PDO. Many examples online, and what I learned to work with, target the MySQL libs directly, but PDO really saves you a lot of time, and preps you for the concepts of abstraction you find in a lot of platforms. Not much better, arguably worse. If my intention was to go to Amazon.com, they're now "helping" me and writing a cookie that wouldn't have been there, and earning $ in the process. A bare WWW request should never result in affiliate income. "[name/pronoun] is killing it" Everytime I hear that on a podcast or read it online, my douchometer pegs the needle. For an industry based in science and facts, there's far too many buzzphrases and abstractions thrown around by so called leaders. Seriously, when I listen to a podcast and hear "killing it" or "Yeah buddy!" in one of those 2am infomercial voices, I assume they have a fresh coat of spray tan, a fauxhawk, and are wearing sunglasses inside while recording. I'm so glad Google had a great pitch 14 years ago, otherwise I never would have switched from the superior Lycos search. No, outing the plagiarizer was appropriate. The tone of the post was what was arrogant. Parking. My own fenced in yard to BBQ, dog to run, kids to play in (if I had any). Tons of space to put furniture, exercise equipment, etc. My own garage to park in. Ability to easily have dozen+ people in my house for gatherings, etc. Think of it like hard drive space or RAM :-) Good to remember that most time is lost in the HTTP request, even though countless developer cycles are lost trying to do sub-100ms optimizations in server code. (To say nothing about online debates about such optimizations) Yes, you can build Call of Duty with canvas and JavaScript. No, you shouldn't. A claim that faster hardware is a solution is circular: to get native performance today, faster hardware is needed. At that point, native performance on that hardware becomes great and theoretically is doing more amazing things than it did on the old hardware. In other words HTML-based apps always play catch up, unless native can't use the hardware anymore, or the interpreted bottleneck is reduced. More expensive. Want to sell your app? Better give Apple their 30% cut, in addition to the yearly fee in order to have an app of any sort. Can you name an app that charges that isn't in the App Store? There's plenty of apps in the App Store that are "HTML apps" (built using PhoneGap, Titanium, etc) Background apps was a pretty big one when iOS4 came out, and couldn't run on the 3G. (I actually jailbroke to get the feature, and it was painfully slow) I'd recommend purchasing the book and/or screencasts as your way of thanking :-) As someone about to launch first big Rails app (I've done small ones before): given the timing of Rails 4, did you consider going Rails 4/Ruby 2 (I'm assuming Rails 3.2, as Hartl's tutorial for 4 was in beta until 4's launch 2 days ago) Probably an Easter Egg, given that it's been in use since a time prior to common use of "online" As ST2 will continue to run forever without a purchased license, I doubt anyone is rich. Something to keep in mind is that the crime of "terroristic threat" has been around far longer than the current "war on terror". (speaking of Texas here) As early as 1994 I know of someone who was arrested for it (for saying they were going to hurt someone). Whether or not this is a reasonable thing to be arrested for, the fact that it's online is irrelevant. If the social standards or laws need to be changed, let's do that. Let's not, however, act as if those standards should apply differently online. (or on the phone, or in our car, etc...) Does GitHub use Aura? I think they were using it as an example of the kind of page that would use widgets, but the positioning and wording made me wonder if GitHub is using Aura. If not, borders on misleading (even if unintentional) Is there really a place for a simplified Java web framework, when there's plenty of options that run atop the JVM with full access to JVM libs? (Grails, ColdFusion + several MVC frameworks, etc) In a world where Python and Ruby have a huge chunk of mindshare, I'm thinking a typed language would probably look more like Go. Doesn't Django/Python have its own version headaches? (Python 3 came out 5 years ago, but Django didn't officially support until February of this year) Phasing out old version of the underlying language isn't uncommon. For example, Oracle doesn't even support Java 6 anymore, which was released in 2007. Is it just me, or do most of the commenters here seem to believe that it's no longer possible to disable JavaScript, as opposed to it simply being removed from the UI? The App Store is a marketplace you have no control over, and you're hoping the owner plays by the rules. The uncertainty of such of a marketplace has to factor into your outlook. (No one assesses their business without considering both risks and opportunities) TechNet isn't for developers. MSDN is, and it's going nowhere. Via the APIs each social service provides. They'd need only an oAuth token provided via your authentication, NOT full credentials. Worst case scenario, store the credentials on the device and authentication against each provider. There's no reason to ever send those credentials to a third party like Motorola. The article is about stealing credentials. If you have an Exchange setup, or Gmail, or Yahoo mail, or IMAP, it's the same. EC2 always comes out behind in these comparisons. However, EC2's benefit is the synergy of the platform: painless images, flexible volume management, VPC, programmatic DNS, queue services, Heroku style service, baked-in Chef support, easy RDBMS cloning and replication, etc. Perhaps, but I doubt it - it's a freaking goldmine of data. RSS feeds - lets Google know a little bit about you, but not in the way that your personal searches and your personal communications do. This is extortion, and is subject to criminal penalties. It is lying: you say legal action is underway. You've done nothing but mail a letter. The moment someone says legal proceeding are underway, the other party needs to shut up, and refer all communications through attorneys. At that point, you'd probably find yourself needing to hire an attorney at considerable expense. I suspect you could be sued for defamation: claiming legal action when none existed can harm reputation. If you're not a business entity with personal protection (such as LLC or corp, depending on your locale) they can destroy you financially: house, property, bankruptcy. No client is worth that to me. Even if you were to sue, this website might work against you. It'd definitely come up in proceedings, and may cause the judge to grant some leniency even if your client was ordered to pay. The warning site doesn't identify you, so if the client could care less (people launching (companyname)-sucks.com all the time), they'll just ignore you. Then you're out hosting and domain fees. If the client goes the cybersquatting claim route, they can take the warning domain, and you can levied fine of up to $100,000 USD. ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cybersquatting#Legal_resolution ) Glad it worked out for you, but I think you're correct in your warning that no one should ever do this. Clever - I'd never considered the copyright approach. If they don't pay, you then have legitimate claim for a DMCA take-down. I hope this gets a few more articles: Doug Englebart is far more of an influence on modern computing than Steve Jobs ever was, even if he's less known. True - just replace "DCMA take down notice" with "remedies for violating copyright". By this logic, Adobe ColdFusion is taking the majority of the profits in the dynamic web language space. Totally off-topic and maybe even trollish, but I noticed the cute little illustration here: http://sailsjs.org/#getStarted Interesting that the female is skinny, with a trendy little mid-riff baring shirt, and attractive (so far as a stylized comic character can be). One of the male characters is a pudgy dude with glasses. It seems the norm in characterizing girls in tech is "you can be a developer, but stay sexy - you don't have to be a nerd!" Does this risk marginalizing normal women? I guess I still think of C# as typed. My point being that CF has a license, whereas Ruby and Python do not - which has little value in gauging success, a la IIS v Apache/nginx. (Ignoring the reality of open source Railo and Open BlueDragon for the moment) Simple text parsing + service restart obviates the need for an API. The shell is your API. Whether or not a woman did the design isn't the point. This particular design wasn't even the point. I was questioning what seems to be a trend. Yes, I meant "paid license" :-) Handy to do the time zone translation, but keep in mind that there's 4 time zones here, so that's a 3 hour swing :-) I'm guessing you're assuming Pacific time - contrary to what HN might suggest, there ARE startups in the US that aren't in California. :-) Looking at the bill, I see that he just had his 30th birthday a couple of weeks ago. Happy Birthday Edward! 30th is sort of a big deal (or depressing to some) - I'm sure he was 20 he didn't expect to be "celebrating" his 30th this way. Similar to early diagnoses of Cystic Fibrosis, where the focus was on symptoms and less on the underlying cause. With CF, it's an issue of NaCl passing through cells, resulting in thick mucus which damages lungs, pancreas, etc. The first cases observed cysts and fibrotic tissues on the pancreas, hence, "Cystic Fibrosis". As there weren't digestive enzymes supplements then to augment the damaged pancreas, patients died of malnutrition. It wasn't until those treatments developed that the lung conditions developed in older patients, which is what CF is known for now. By then, however, the name Cystic Fibrosis had stuck. there's nothing they can do except to ensure that the next judges appointed to the courts are more congenial to their views. Which is precisely what Roberts can do when he appoints FISC judges. In the same way that the President/Senate can't control the SCOTUS, but they are definitely picking on ideology first and foremost, with some degree of confidence that decisions will align with that ideology. /r/programming is good in that most of its links you've already seen on HN - there's less churn, and it's less ephemeral than HN. (Links persist at the top for days rather than less than 24 hours) Not better than HN, but if HN had a "best of the week", it'd closely mirror /r/programming. Good or bad, HN always has tons of SF news that really isn't relevant to hackers or startups. http://lmgtfy.com/?q=site%3Aycombinator.com+san+francisco Awesome - I hadn't noticed that. That said, /r/programming does for the most part filter out the sociopolitical topics that come up on HN, focusing more on "hacker" news. :-) I've used Any.Do. It's a fairly sparse UI, and somewhat intuitive (if not immediately obvious). That said, I also use OmniFocus, so for what I use it for, I didn't want it to be full-featured. It's amazing how many clever sites with clever JavaScript splash screens this works on. For instance, EmberCasts when it was "invite only" mode could be accessed this way. People still puts locks and alarms in their house, even though they could avoid being burglarized through community watches and educating the public about the morals, ethics, and long term costs of stealing people's stuff. Starbucks existed before wi-fi. They also had seats. Not only do they tend to take up a table, it's usually a table marked as handicapped. Not that there's an obligation to honor that designation, but if you automatically go there when your Macbook Air could easily fit on a tiny little round table, you're a prick. If you're ethical about it, then cool. If you're one of those that think a $3.50 coffee entitles you to 4+ hours of electricity, seat, + Internet access, then you're the problem the coffee houses need to address. I think you need to challenge the idea that remotely working means that someone out there is supposed to accomodate you. I occasionally go to a local Starbucks and work (especially if I'm out and about and can't make it back home between errands). Wifi is usually pretty bad, and I prefer to tether 99% of the time. A quick search on BestBuy.com turns up 5-6 PC laptops less than $300 (looking at only in-store options, not their listing of "online" laptops where they partner with other sellers). I see similarly priced machines in WalMart alot too.