I appreciate an entertaining advertisement as much as anyone. On the other hand, the most clever way of shoving a boring product down the consumer's throat in recent years seems to be ads like "HeadOn: Apply Directly To The Forehead" and their online equivalents. There were American bombs being dropped on Germany, but that doesn't mean we have an animosity against Germany today. We were allied with the nationalist Chinese—the ones that lost the civil war and ended up ruling Taiwan. And at any rate, America's most major, most trusted ally in WWII and since has been Great Britain. According to Wikipedia, GTE was independent even during the AT&T monopoly. It wasn't until the Bell Atlantic merger that they changed names to Verizon. "The problem with Apple in the 90s was that they stopped doing this. The Mac had a great run from its debut in 1984 through the end of the ’80s, where both the hardware and software improved every year. Then that stopped." Even that is somewhat misleading. The original Macintosh operating system was designed specifically for singletasking on the original Mac 128k hardware--a design choice that hamstrung Apple for years afterwards, and became the root cause of Apple's need to completely replace their operating system. It's not that Apple gave up on incremental development and started on quixotic missions to the next big thing. It's that the system architecture of the Mac OS was years past its prime and Apple couldn't fix it iteratively anymore. Wikipedia's content policies are a fair deal more strict and paranoid about intellectual property law than the law itself is. Hypothetically, just interviewing the candidate at all should be enough, since a job interview is just an opportunity for the candidate to sell themselves. If they're good at sales, they'll sell themselves and make you want to hire them. Interviewing CS folks is hard in comparison because selling yourself in an interview is a talent that has almost nothing to do with making software. It's like they took a credible micropayment system, but decided to make all the micropayments entirely worthless. If you could cash out accumulated "credits" for real money, or earn "credits" for something more substantial than status updates (who's going to micropay you for a status update?), or even spend micropayments on something that's actually useful, it might be the start of an idea. Buying extra RAM from Apple is for the birds, really. You can buy third party RAM for cheaper and install it yourself, no problem. Fourth biggest: US, USSR, and China were the top three. "At least then we can vote the sons of bitches out if they pull shenanigans." This is a tempting argument that people come to when they describe government-run programs in democratic political systems, but it's ultimately flawed. None of us is very likely to, 2 to 6 years from now, vote against the politician who appointed the bureaucrat who appointed the bureaucrat who pulled shenanigans, based solely on that one, singular issue. It would take an irrational level of monomania and obsession to track down the elected official to hold responsible and vote against him with no consideration of who the opponent is, whether he would do any better of a job, or how the candidates would perform on any of dozens of other issues. All of this, of course, assumes that the district in question isn't gerrymandered to the point where any opposition of the incumbent is futile. Even without gerrymandering, I somehow need to convince half the voting public to vote against the guy for me to get his shenanigans out of my life! Whereas in a free market, if Dell pulls shenanigans you can buy Lenovo next time, and it doesn't really matter what the rest of the voting public thinks about Dell's other product lines or how charismatic Michael Dell is on television, because you don't have to put up with his cheap laptops anymore, regardless of public opinion. Health care is a heavily regulated market, not a free market. It's optimized for the profit of certain large firms. A socialized system might perform better, but a legitimate market system would likely perform better, too. It's not the free market that's failed, it's crony capitalism. Or, put another way, crony capitalism has succeeded in enriching the cronies, but failed at serving the consumer. But, as the article says, their "moderate successes" have failed to be profitable. A startup can get away with not figuring out every monetization angle and focusing on developing cool stuff, as long as they're profitable overall. But once the startup hires a non-technical CEO and IPO's, the CEO's job is supposed to be monetization. Sure, some things can be out there to build public goodwill and brand image, but when you're a publicly-held for-profit, "cool technology" is no longer the benchmark for the CEO's success. The first comment notes that the security risk is in the protective relays. Well, maybe. It also carries an implication that digital relays are in and of themselves a security risk. I intern at a major manufacturer of digital protective relays, so I know how these communicate. (None of this, as far as I'm aware, is trade secret.) The purpose of a protective relay is to detect a line fault (lightning strikes, arc flash, the distribution line is knocked down). Upon detecting a line fault, the relay trips a circuit breaker to protect the rest of the grid from voltage irregularities. Relays are located along major distribution lines, and to find the substation these relays are located in, all you really have to do is find a major distribution line (easy enough from the air) and follow it until you reach a substation. There are maps of the major electrical distribution lines, and they're not difficult to find. The "smart grid" depends upon digital relays, but the grid has been smarter than we've given it credit for because digital relays have been around for 25 years. The power industry is very conservative—electromechanical relays worked for decades—so digital relays were a hard sell in the first place. So certain features were added to them. The first was fault location—a microprocessor-based digital relay, even in 1984, could calculate the location of a fault and store that information upon detection. Digital relays were and remain significantly less expensive than electromechanical relays, so they were originally sold simply as fault locators. (Due to cost, power consumption, testability, and maintainability, digital relays have advantages over electromechanical relays anyway, but these advantages weren't enough to convince power companies 25 years ago. Even now, 60% of North American relays are electromechanical, and 90% of world relays are electromechanical.) Over time, more features were added. One feature, developed largely in response to the New York blackouts a few years ago, is synchrophasors. Synchophasors allow a control station to monitor the voltage angles on distribution lines and maintain better control over them. This is a very, very time-sensitive process, but it also requires relays, synchrophasor processors, and computers loaded with control software to be networked together over large geographical areas. I'm not an EE so I don't have a full appreciation of what this means, but it's important. A typical protective relay from a top-of-the-line manufacturer accepts connections over an RS-232 serial connection, but it also supports TCP and telnet over an ethernet interface. Relays will often be connected to a single communications processor that will allow several relays at once to communicate over large areas. These comprocs, again, support RS-232 serial connections as well as networking. If you can access a comproc, you can access any of the relays, clocks, or other devices connected to it. That means you can cause trips, alter settings, and do all sorts of nasty stuff. Which makes it vitally important that power companies do things like change the default passwords and secure their communication networks—something largely outside the manufacturer's control. It's possible (and encouraged) to implement it securely but in practice it's not always done. Code review meetings with projectors and so forth might be a dying practice (I wouldn't know), but there are tools like Code Collaborator that allow for asynchronous code reviews. CC seems to be widely used. Apparently by "Silicon Valley", the Wall Street Journal means VC's. That has some interesting consequences on music quality. I find that pop music usually sounds good enough at first but upon repeated listens gets very tiresome. Whereas good music may sound rather uninteresting at first pass, but upon repeated listenings, one discovers the depth of the song. Were music enthusiasts in the past more sophisticated listeners? Even more provocatively, has recording technology allowed us to create more sophisticated music? Has that indeed happened? There's no real indication from what I've heard that this has anything to do with the economy. Gun sales spiked as soon as Obama was elected. I think Time is trying to fit this into the overall narrative about the economy when, in reality, they're just six months late on the story. The thought processes of suicidal people don't tend to make sense to me, either. Suicide is often a fairly impulsive thing, and suicidal people can be deterred by even slight inconveniences. That's why things like suicide barriers on bridges work. Guns are a very attractive method of suicide—they're rather instant, painless, easy to use, and so forth. I'm in favor of gun ownership, but suicidal people, deprived of easy methods of suicide, will often reconsider entirely. The moment will pass and they will not kill themselves. Of course, some people decide to kill themselves and remain very determined about the process. Not all suicides are alike. As I said, I'm against gun control too. But I'm also in favor of facts, and the facts seem to indicate that having more guns around just might allow more people to impulsively kill themselves. It would also be nice if tree-structured discussions (like HN) were preserved instead of just hacked apart into series of seemingly unrelated comments. Grouping together HN comments without the tree structure would be far less useful than respecting tree-structured discussions but intermixing trees from different sites. I wonder how much longer it is before the looters discover the angel investors and seed-stage investors. While that's true for consumer goods, one would hope that a power company would know well enough to change the default password. I seem to remember a lot of large institutions and techies kept using Windows 2000 for years after Windows XP came out. IM's are too synchronous if the developer doesn't manage them properly, or if the software makes itself obnoxious enough. Email is a better example of asynchronous communication. No, but indentured servants did enter into contracts to make themselves slaves (for a limited period of time) and that's no longer allowed by law, either. I agree with you that "slavery" was a sloppy argument, but indentured servitude is a better one. Of course. iPhones are a fun platform well suited for a single programmer to spend evenings writing apps for. Nokias are a "serious" platform designed for "real companies" to devote teams of "software engineers" to develop software for. It's fine to say that having a PhD in the humanities for the "love" of the subject is enough, but in at least some of the humanities, that won't get you anywhere. Philosophy, for instance, is an ongoing discussion, and unless you're in academia attending conferences and writing papers and getting published in the same journals that everyone else is, you're not really participating in the field. And you can't really do that unless you're faculty somewhere. It sucks, but that's also where the good philosophy gets done, and you can't do renegade philosophy outside of academia without losing a lot of important context and good work. I don't know if it's that simple. Ford didn't ask for the bailout after all, probably because they realized how much leverage it would give the government over their operations. You know how startup founders are wary about giving VC's too much control over their business? I'd imagine automakers (especially Ford, which is still largely a family business) are just as wary about giving the government too much control over their business. And, unlike GM and Chrysler, Ford has the good fortune to be a good ways away from bankruptcy (though from a business standpoint, bankruptcy would still be better than nationalization). Atheism isn't a belief any more than fasting is a meal or a bare chest is a shirt. This argument rests on the misconception (bordering on a straw man) that atheism is the positive belief that there are no gods. That's not what atheism is. Atheism is simply the lack of belief in any gods. There is a difference between "I do not believe that God exists" (atheism) and "I do believe that God does not exist" (so-called "positive atheism"). Some atheists are positive atheists, but for most of us it's at best a suspicion or a working hypothesis, not a matter of absolute, infallible, unquestioned belief. Even if we are to consider the belief that there are no gods, I would still question whether or not this belief depends on faith any more than the various beliefs that there are gods. If you study the history of philosophy you'll find a number of supposed "proofs" of the existence of God. There are also many arguments for the non-existence of God. It's a matter of argument and cautioned reasoning, not faith, whether or not to believe that God exists. Faith is an epistemic position that the atheist does not share. Most atheists tend to acquire beliefs based upon evidence. Just like everyone else, an atheist goes home at night expecting that his house is where he left it that morning. But, just like everyone else, an atheist would be surprised to find that his house had burned down. Yet, after some amount of emotional torment, the atheist would be forced to believe that his house was, in fact, no longer standing. Contrast this with religious belief. A positive atheist, upon coming across some unquestionable evidence of God's existence, would be surprised but would be forced to accept what the evidence has shown. Someone of religious faith would come across unquestionable evidence that God did not exist and refuse to believe it. They would in fact rearrange their entire belief system simply to preserve their non-rational, privileged belief that God exists and will save them from eternal damnation in exchange for their faith. Keep in mind, that is the ideal case. People of faith can be better empiricists than the demands of faith allow them to be, just as empiricists can be more dogmatic than the demands of empiricism allow them to be. But while most atheists consciously choose empiricism (and reject belief in God because there is no good evidence for it), people of faith consciously choose faith. This is the real difference. It's not about God, it's about how people choose to form their beliefs. (OK--let's be more clear here. An atheist can still have faith in something else. For instance, most Buddhists are atheist because of their faith in the possibility of mystical enlightenment and so forth. The real difference isn't between religious people and atheists, but between religious people and secularists. Just as atheists can be religious, secularists can believe in God. Such secularists are known as "deists" and many of them did remarkable things, such as writing the Declaration of Independence.) Let me get this straight--you're bitter because you didn't get hired by a company that evidently doesn't even want you to have any ambition or initiative of your own? I would be relieved if I was in your position. "I claim that many atheists if shown incontrovertible proof that God exists would rearrange their entire belief system simply to preserve their non-rational privileged belief that God does not exist and there is nothing after death." Maybe, but they would be hypocrites for doing so--most atheists will tell you they don't believe in God because there's no evidence for God, whereas most people of faith don't care about evidence at all. That's what I meant by "People of faith can be better empiricists than the demands of faith allow them to be, just as empiricists can be more dogmatic than the demands of empiricism allow them to be." For some reason the health insurance industry has settled on a model of "pay your health insurance company scads of money and pay relatively little for the rationed routine care you get". Since health insurance is a heavily regulated market, I doubt this is the most market-efficient solution. Maybe if you shop around for routine care and offer to pay with cash (or HSA) it won't end up costing as much, and I've seen informal studies done by friends that show, for instance, that certain prescription drugs cost hundreds of dollars less at different pharmacies (once you can coax the pharmacies to actually tell you the price, since they're so used to working within the insurance cartels). It all depends on your health, too. If you have sleep apnea and want to get it treated, that's hundreds of thousands of dollars if you don't have insurance. Probably better to get a full time job for a few years until your apnea is treated. If you have hypothyroidism, you can take remarkably inexpensive prescription drugs and get an annual checkup for cash cheaper than you can get insurance to cover the thing. My working hypothesis is that high-deductible catastrophic insurance is the best solution for broke, comparatively healthy adults. In this model, you're using health insurance as insurance qua insurance, to make sure you don't go bankrupt if a medical emergency costing more than $10,000 happens to you. (This of course requires you to be able to raise $10,000 if something DOES happen to you.) This does nothing for drugs or routine care, and needless to say there is no dental plan. I pay $40 a month for this. I don't get anything out of my $40 a month, but on the same token, insurance qua insurance is something you pay for but you hope you never have to use. An HSA is not a bad feature if you're going with this model. Depending upon state law, you can leave out things like maternity coverage, or get further discounts if you're in good health. A good female friend of mine doesn't have maternity coverage but she is very aggressive about birth control and has no qualms about abortion, though, so I would carefully consider whether this also applies to you or your spouse. I would also hasten to add that if there's a possibility of having more children, the expense of health insurance is not your biggest problem here. In fact, I don't know how well this model works if you have kids. Or how founding a startup works if you have kids, for that matter. Maybe you could. The funny thing is, most of the science on this issue suggests that the "you" that is supposedly fighting either environment or genetics...is entirely composed of environmental and genetic influences. So if there is a "you" that can fight environment, it's the genetic you, and vice versa. And it's not like you're Mister Spock, with one half of your personality fighting a completely different half. It's more like a smoothie, where you can't tell what part is the banana, what part is the strawberry, and so forth, except it tastes like a mixture of both. So really, what you're saying is a lot less coherent than it sounds. You may have the right to reproduce, but as to "who can tell me what I can or cannot do", the answer is always "whoever has all the guns". Whether or not they're justified, the government usually gets to tell us what we can or cannot do, assuming they catch us. This is generally considered a major risk of having a government. By some accounts, the history of politics consists of a conflict between individual rights and the public good. Bottled water is kind of like credit cards—it's a product there is demand for, but it's not in anyone's interest (aside from the bottled water companies) to buy it. Anyone can buy a single Nalgene bottle ($10-ish) and refill it with tap water every day and they'll make back the price of that Nalgene bottle in a week compared to the price of bottled water. They'll also carry their water around in a reusable, safer plastic that doesn't leech hormones. Or they could use a metal canteen or a Camelbak or any number of other alternatives, almost all of which are better than paying for a completely redundant and inefficient water distribution system that involves bottling factories, trucks, and disposable plastic bottles. If I had Newcastle Brown Ale piped to my apartment, I'd criticize their bottlers too. I buy a Brita pitcher and all of a sudden, in my fridge, I seem to have produced a better product than Evian. Or if worse comes to worse, you can get under-the-sink reverse osmosis filters. Bottled water is a good convenience product, but my employer has truckloads of Arrowhead water stored on-site. Why they can't have paper cups and a reverse-osmosis filter on site instead is beyond me. You can also get the type of filter that attaches to your tap. With my Brita pitcher, I don't bother replacing the filter for months after I'm supposed to, and it just filters slower. It doesn't taste any worse and I've never gotten sick. As for refilling it, as long as I have the sink space (no dirty dishes) I refill every time I pour. But this isn't a top-level goal. Someone who buys bottled water wants a drink of water. They can get an better drink of water for less money by drinking (possibly filtered) tap water. Bottled water is a poor means to an end, it's not an end in itself. Using heroin isn't usually a top level goal either. Usually, the top level goal for addictive drug use is to satisfy the addiction. (That's rather recursive, which means there must have been a base-case goal that got the person to use drugs in the first place, but heroin is still not an end in itself either.) I like to think of it as a conflict between different sets of individual rights, such as your right to swing your fists about and my right to an uninjured nose. But there are some tragedy-of-the-commons cases where this model doesn't work out. I think you're missing the point of the exercise. It's like you're assigned a physics problem about point masses on frictionless surfaces and you answer the question by saying it's irrelevant in the real world because masses are distributed over volumes and surfaces are never frictionless. Yes, of course you have to factor in taxes and time and so on and so forth. But that's not what the question was about in the first place. You never see idealized physics problems in the real world either but what you learn from naive, simplified applications of classical physics still gets you somewhere in real world problems. Same with EV calculations. The point is that EV is an incomplete measure of value when it comes to evaluating gambles, not that you have to pay taxes. EV doesn't work on one-off situations, like if you're on a game show with Howie Mandel. Heroin comes bundled with lots of pain and expense and dysfunction too, though. It goes against pleasure as soon as you're without it for long enough, and it also goes against other top-level goals many people have. I don't know many heroin addicts but I know smokers, and in my experience, smokers always advise me not to start smoking because it's not worth it. I'd take that as a sign that smoking does not satisfy the top-level goals of the smokers whom I have spoken with on this topic. In any case, addictive drugs are only an analogy. Yet even in this analogy we can see where top-level goals are often incompatible with the means people use to achieve them. I'd also advise you that if your argument rests upon the lemma that heroin use is a rational means to achieve pleasure, you may have a mistake in reasoning somewhere :) In reality, there are no point masses or frictionless surfaces, either. Maybe you perfectly understand the point and you're moving on to various niggling contingencies. That's fine. The article is trying to explain something more basic than what you're talking about. You're doing the equivalent of butting into a freshman physics lecture and pointing out everything they've oversimplified, which is just plain obnoxious. Build a plant, good question. Run a plant, you get those people from the Navy (which runs nuclear plants on every submarine and aircraft carrier). What about fuel sources? We've hardly begun to explore for uranium—nuclear is a stopgap for 100-200 years that doesn't have the drawbacks of fossil fuel. I don't have an answer for NIMBY, because I don't know politics. I have read the entire thread and I just don't understand the point of your comment. Of course people have to pay taxes and spend time on investments. That doesn't make diversified investing a fool's errand. It's like we're trying to build a go-kart and you're saying "it'll never work because there's friction." Maybe there's friction, and we'll work out what that friction is, just as we'll calculate the post-tax EV of our investments. Thanks for the clarification. This doesn't sound like any Christianity I'm familiar with, and I was raised in it. In fact, to me this sounds a lot like someone is overconfident in their apologetics. Every knowledgeable Christian I've discussed this with ultimately conceded there was a need for faith of the epistemic type, and no room for skepticism. I was hoping for something with the same design sense as: http://hasthelargehadroncolliderdestroyedtheworldyet.com/ Your link is a lot more cluttered in comparison ;) There's a strategy called "structured procrastination" where you overload yourself with work to the point where you can only put one thing off to do something different. One way to enforce early deadlines (well, short deadlines) is to take on another project, get that done, and then for your other project, the deadline is now a couple weeks shorter :) I wonder what would happen if he tried to return the Kindle. I'd go so far as to say that the command line is with us now more than it was 10 years ago. Google is essentially a command line for the web. Spotlight (as well as third party Mac utilities like Quicksilver and LaunchBar) are command-lines for launching programs, which satisfies a primary function of the original command line. As long as we have usable keyboards we'll have command lines one way or the other. (Phones, even iPhones, are an example of unusable keyboards by this standard. An iPhone command line would be less usable than the standard interface for launching apps, for instance, while on my Mac, Spotlight is more usable than the Finder.) I don't like the attitude that keyboards are some outdated relic. Keyboards are the most efficient human-thought-to-language medium ever invented. On even the most simple Notepad/Pico/TextEdit style text editor, I can go from thoughts in my brain to written language faster than a pen, and almost as fast as my mouth can go from thoughts to spoken language. And with far more accuracy than either alternative. If the keyboard is ever replaced, it'll be replaced by something even more arcane and unnatural. Doing away with hierarchical file systems is easier than he lets on. In fact, Gmail has already done this in our mail client. The solution is, instead of having a single static directory structure, you dynamically generate views of your files based upon search queries and user-added tags or categories. He mentioned Spotlight as another example of this, and he's mostly right (now that you can save "smart folders"). But sometimes human categorization is still going to be needed to keep related files together. In the past we did this by making directories. These days, "tags" or "labels" are more popular. But we might want to make hierarchies of tags, at which point you have a hierarchical file system again. There's one advantage—tags allegedly allow you to have the same file under multiple tags—but that's nothing more than hardlinks, and "there should be a better UI for hardlinks" would make a very boring essay. Then again, if we reverse engineer this thinking and refer to "tags" as nothing more but "a better UI for hardlinks", we just might have a good idea for a new filesystem UI. (It also occurs to me that hardlinks are one-way links: each hardlink knows where its inode is, but the inode doesn't know where all the hardlinks are. A tagging UI is going to have to cross this chasm somehow.) From what I've gathered, the real debate is between neoclassical economists and behavioral economists. Behavioral economists are more empirical, studying exactly how incentives work and how people behave in the economy. "Austrian" economics (aside from what was done decades ago, in Austria) only lives on as a pseudoscientific attempt to justify libertarian politics. Politically, I'm largely libertarian myself, but there's nothing more unscientific than turning something like economics into an apologia for anarcho-capitalism. I think economics should be a descriptive science, not a set of arguments for one particular political system. Markets have certain consequences that we may or may not want, and so do certain types of government interventions. Planned economies don't tend to have very many desirable consequences, as far as I can tell, but that's not how most economic policies work anyway. I'm not a good enough economist to give an intellectually honest account of what would happen in an anarcho-capitalist system, but I doubt from a historical and anthropological standpoint that anarcho-capitalism is likely to ever happen anyway. I think you know all you need to know about postmodernism. When I'm typing, I can revise my thoughts more easily. For instance, I just deleted that whole sentence, wrote "When I'm typing, I can go back", deleted the last two words, wrote "revise my thoughts more easily. For instance...". This would be awkward via voice. Some people type thousands of words per day, or the vague equivalent. I hope your ubiquitous-computing future has room for drinking lots of water, because my mouth would get dry from all that yapping. There's also the nice feature that I can sit down and have a nice quiet writing session, or a nice writing session with music in the background. My sound space is either empty or filled with something else while I'm writing. And if I'm in a lab or an office or some other environment around other computer users, I don't want to listen to their jabbering. You're acting like censoring GLBT literature is equivalent to not legalizing gay marriage. That's the rough equivalent of saying that, just because we have a president who hasn't pushed for slavery reparations, "progressive" states like California have disproportionate numbers of minority convicts, and the Supreme Court has saddled us with imperfect affirmative action laws, we shouldn't be surprised about rumors of Amazon censoring black literature. I notice this is the second submission by mattyb from everything2.com tonight. As cool as everything2.com is, if anyone reading this has remotely any work to do within the next two days, don't start traversing the tree of links from interesting everything2 nodes. I say this because I learned, from experience, that if you have tabbed browsing and open on average >1 new tab per page while traversing a site like everything2, your backload of reading material will grow exponentially and your procrastination problem, if you have one, will similarly grow to epic proportions. I fear mattyb has been sucked into this trap. Apologies if this comment is not productive enough. I've always felt that writing code on a whiteboard is a crap way to interview people, and I feel that way every time I'm interviewed that way. At least give me a text editor so my mental associations come back to me quick enough. "Few academic fields have been left untouched by postmodern thinking, and you'll quickly run into it if you're studying art, literature, philosophy, architecture, social science, feminism, political science, and more." Though, if you're studying philosophy in the analytic tradition (most English-speaking philosophy since the turn of the 20th century), postmodernism and its antecedents in continental philosophy have been consciously rejected in an attempt for greater linguistic precision. Business cycles are well understood in neoclassical economics, too. The Depression started 80 years ago. That was before the advent of econometrics, before monetarism, and even before behavioral economics. What have the Austrians given us since? Behavioral economics is a lot like Austrian economics (it bases economic theory on human psychology) except better (it uses empirical measures of actual human behavior instead of unfalsifiable first principles). Austrian economics, 80 years ago, was an innovation. It had its influence, particularly in the marginal revolution, and we moved on. Since about Rothbard, Austrian economics has been more about "let's come up with a nice-sounding argument for anarcho-capitalism" than "let's study how the economy works". I write all of my code with a keyboard, in a text editor. If I have a keyboard and a text editor my brain remembers how to write code better than if I have a whiteboard and a marker, because I don't write code on whiteboards. The brain works this way, which is why you feel sleepy when you go to bed (unless you spend a lot of time in bed not sleeping). It's a type of compartmentalization, well known in psychology. I grew up watching Canadian TV. This was like 10 years ago or more, but back then, Canadian ads would make veiled references to the competition without naming them or showing them. I was surprised when my parents finally got a satellite dish and I saw American ads naming their competitors. Yeah, bozo test questions are simple enough to do on a whiteboard. The interesting thing about cryogenic preservation is, there's no downside (you just stay dead) and a pretty awesome upside (you get resurrected centuries later in a world where we have the technology to resurrect the dead). There's no "leap of faith" involved here, just the recognition that if all else fails, you lose nothing. OK, I guess screwing your kids out of $150,000 worth of life insurance money is a downside too. Hulu used to take a day (or maybe the whole weekend) to post Battlestar Galactica. Pirate Bay would take only a few hours, and would have it in HD, too. I've never had that problem and have used Flash video on Mac OS X for years. Pascal's Wager breaks down as soon as you posit more than one competing religion. Cryogenics doesn't have the same problem. Pascal's Wager also requires you to actually believe something. Belief is neither voluntary nor governed by rational wagering. A cryogenics user doesn't have to actually believe he'll be resurrected to sign up for cryogenics, though. Bill Gates' full name is William Henry Gates III (which sounds old-money and is). "Trey" is a common nickname for children who are III. "Actually modified Newtonian Dynamics or MOND equations are WAAAAY harder to swallow than dark matter." Maybe, but "dark matter" smells so much like "magical substance we can't observe directly." It's like the controversy over Mercury's orbit—Mercury's orbit was "wrong", so astrophysicists posited another planet, Vulcan, between Mercury and the Sun, that affected Mercury's orbit but (due to the brightness of the sun) was not observable. Then, after Einstein made his revisions to Newtonian dynamics, they recalculated Mercury's orbit according to Einstein's formulas, and it was right. The thing is, Einstein's physical equations were, for all intents and purposes, the same as Newton's for pretty much everything we had a chance to measure, until we started measuring things like the orbit of Mercury. It wouldn't be that odd if even Einstein's physics are, on the galactic scale, only approximate in their own right--close enough for GPS to work but not close enough to explain galaxies. Or maybe there is dark matter. I'm not qualified to give a good judgment. "It's like they're playing checkers and we're playing chess" is too obvious a response. I had a friend once who was a professional blogger, though she lived in Costa Rica to reduce her cost of living and made most of her revenue through affiliate links to online casinos before the US started cracking down on gambling. Now that there's been a crackdown, blogging is less fun to her. She's become addicted to Twitter and found other work. The evidence does seem to suggest that in hunting-gathering communities, women engaged in more gathering and men engaged in more hunting. Claims that otherwise reasonable hypotheses "come from a desire to see women barefoot and pregnant" tend to come from a desire to justify the unquestioned a priori belief that men and women are mostly identical rather than solid science. It seems to me that the whole "skeptical" movement has long run out of useful things to debunk (UFO's, astral projection, homeopathy, etc.) and have taken to just pissing in everyone's cereal. See? Basing an argument on actual evidence proves your point better than basing your argument on some political agenda. "It's unlikely that women have higher red-resolution because many herbivores and apex predators are colorblind" is an actual argument. "It's unlikely that women have higher red-resolution because that claim is made by misogynists" is just a politically charged ad hominem. It'll get you brownie points in the Women's Studies department, but it's still a crap argument. More generally, it can be said that academia has a well documented history of basing claims on some sort of social or political assumption or agenda. Increasingly, those have come to include liberal agendas like feminism and racial equality. The solution is not increased political consciousness (all that accomplishes is exchanging one political bias for another) but rather better application of the scientific principles we already have. Yes, Facebook has refreshed their design at least once (and I'm pretty sure twice) since this. "We're not cool enough" is a pretty awesome customer service position to take, if only because they later added IE6 compatibility. It would come across as dishonest and passive-aggressive if they were using it to badger their customers into upgrading to a better browser. There's this huge, huge myth about Apple history. It's part of the myth of Steve Jobs, but it's more than that. It's the myth that Apple floundered because they lost Steve Jobs, and only succeeded because Jobs came back. There's an associated myth that every other Apple chief was incompetent and almost ran the company into the ground. That, too, is a myth. Between 1976 and 1985, Jobs was co-founder, and it's undeniable that gave him clout, but he wasn't the head of the company by any means. In the 80's his main job was running the Macintosh project (after being kicked off the Lisa project), not running the company. If Jobs wasn't fired from the Mac division, it's highly questionable whether or not Macs would ever have hard drives, fans, or expandable slots--in other words, whether they would have been a tenable computing platform at all in the mid-to-late 80's. Likewise, Jobs wasted a lot of money at NeXT on even more idiosyncratic hardware designs (the NeXT cube famously had a magneto-optical drive instead of a hard drive) and did, in fact, almost run NeXT into the ground before it recovered by making exactly the same mistakes he was fired from Apple for making. In the meantime, Sculley presided over Apple's most successful and profitable years. It's Sculley that positioned Apple as a high-margin niche provider, rather than taking the low-cost approach Jobs wanted. Apple stays in this position today, though largely because desktop OS market share is less fluid than it was in 1985. And it was even less fluid in 1997 when Jobs returned. Spindler presided over the PPC transition. Amelio, likewise, saved Apple. He managed to cut a lot of costs, did most of the negotiation on the famous Microsoft deal, hired Fred Anderson (who ran Apple's finances admirably for years even under Jobs), and managed to put together an emergency loan package that ended up saving Apple's cash crunch. Yes, he lost a billion dollars. But most of that billion was in one-time costs that, in the long run, saved money. (Some $400 billion of that was to buy out NeXT.) Jobs, since 1997, has been the CEO Apple needs. In 1985? Maybe if he was managed carefully enough he would have kept the soul of the company alive. But I think NeXT was an experience that gave Apple a better Steve Jobs, and his absence was far from the cause of Apple's troubles in the 90's. It sure saves them from the backwards compatibility problems Microsoft has to deal with. If you know the SimCity anecdote you know what I mean. "affirmative action for white people" Not sure I agree, but last I checked, affirmative action for white people was just called "racism". 100k annually for three or four years is like 400k. That's ten years worth of a decent middle class salary, which is what most careers are worth, except it's front-loaded so you can generally invest it and make more in the long run. I would not snort at that kind of income. True, but I didn't know how to say that without sounding like an elitist jerk. Still, they have the opportunity. War is a method to divide resources, but so is trade. And those parts of the world that trade with each other by and large do not go to war with each other. In fact, look at the history of the 20th century. Lots of wars between countries that believed in trade and countries that did not believe in trade: this is called the Cold War. After this we started getting wars between countries that were part of the global trading community and countries that weren't, over issues that would largely go away or be resolved peaceably if those countries joined the global trading community. This is called "globalization", and it's what all those anarchists tend to start riots about every time the larger countries want to have a conference about it. It really doesn't in the long run, but it turns out you get so many more net resources through trade anyway that even in a shortage you're better off with trade than war. If this guy didn't waste a good deal of the essay on crackpot goldbug economics, it would have been a more valuable read. "Perhaps a private grain-backed currency will draw upon the grain exports of North America as the only "real wealth" of nations. Would you buy a wheat-backed "quatloo"? I personally would be interested in trading paper for wheat, gold, oil or anything more valuable than paper." Backing a currency with an agricultural product is a recipe for inflation, as several American colonies discovered with tobacco in the colonial era. Gold works better because it's really hard to inflate (unless there's a gold rush--likewise, the silver rush proved bimetallism untenable) but a grain-backed dollar would be a disaster waiting to happen. "What is wrong with people having convictions and spending money to find facts that support these convictions?" That's rationalization instead of rationality. Rationality dictates discovering the facts BEFORE you reach the conclusions. "What's that old adage about stats again?" I think "he uses statistics as a drunk man uses a lightpost, for support rather than illumination" is apropos here. Part of the division into departments is a good thing because it reflects a separation of concerns. A philosophical question (what is our ethical duty as human beings, which methods of argument and reasoning provide valid conclusions under which sets of assumptions, what conceptions of free will are compatible with metaphysical determinism) can't be meaningfully answered from a scientific or artistic approach though scientists and artists are both capable of philosophy to some extent, and in fact it would be good to see academics publishing across related fields more often. I could easily imagine epistemologists, philosophers of science, and scientists productively publishing together in methodology-of-science journals and attending methodology conferences. Furthermore, departments allow for a deliberate separation of fundamentally incompatible approaches. Some people who take up the dubious academic pursuit of seeing everything from the perspective of feminism or race go to the Women's Studies and Ethnic Studies departments, and the rest of us are often better off without them. If we tried to close or ban the Women's Studies or Ethnic Studies department, people would be taking that crap back into other fields, so as a political compromise we have those departments as a containment field (though I am speaking too harshly, there are certainly benefits for the academics in those fields as well). To be fair, all three major allies were essential: 1. The US kept Britain and Russia going with aid throughout the war, including food. Khrushchev's memoirs supposedly credited SPAM (the processed canned pork) with keeping the Soviet army alive in WWII. 2. Russia absorbed most of Germany's military might and destroyed it, at great cost to themselves. Their contribution was not that they suffered more than the others (though they did), but that they killed more Germans than the others (though by the time they turned around and invaded Germany, 3. Britain brought much of the Empire's forces to bear on the western front, kept the northern sea lanes open for American supply convoys, and halted German expansion on the Western front by denying them entry to Britain itself. It's quite remarkable--Russia defended its territory with costly, genocidal scorched earth policies and millions of deaths, while Britain was protected from the first German bootstep by the English Channel, radar, and the Royal Air Force. Oh, I forgot to mention--Britain also broke Enigma. Furthermore, Russia and Britain only gave salutary support in the Pacific War, for entirely understandable reasons. It should also be noted that while all the allies engaged in some degree of war crimes, the Soviets were the worst offenders in that category as well. I am loath to show respect for Red Army pilots who strafed columns of evacuating German civilians, or Red Army soldiers who raped and murdered whatever Germans they could find. Likewise, many of the Soviets' own civilian losses were their own fault (through scorched earth policies). Cleverly omitted are other actual facts that other people can use to reach conclusions other than your own. Maybe an adversarial method would be a better way of addressing these issues in practice, but only when we're responsible enough to read both sides. Also, it's intellectually dishonest to pick your conclusions first and find the facts later. Even if CATO finds good facts (I'm sure they do), there is most definitely something "wrong with" them. And by "health care stuff" don't automatically assume that means insurance. If you require prescription drugs, research the price of them. Some drugs cost hundreds, others you can pay closer to $20 for a 3 month supply. Sometimes there are alternative drugs for the same condition that aren't normally prescribed, but work just as well--dessicated thyroid for hypothyroidism instead of levothyroxine, for instance. See how much you can afford paying for out of pocket or out of HSA before thinking about what kind of benefits you want from insurance. Heh, I knew that but you are right to accuse me of forgetting Poland. Do you intend to imply that women shouldn't feel welcome as Ruby/RoR hackers? Because all this time, I just thought Ruby and RoR were about hacking in a powerful yet carefree interpreted language. I didn't realize it had anything to do with excluding women. The RAZR was a fashion phone. There's nothing, featurewise, that the RAZR did that contemporary phones didn't also do (aside from being really thin). And it became less special upon release by other networks because it became more commonplace. Something that everyone can get isn't fashionable anymore. But the iPhone is more than a pretty face. And I think you're doing a very good job of missing the point, because the issue here is gender. What the hell else would it be? "As a woman, I feel unwelcome in the Ruby community" is the gist of the criticism. If you don't read it that way, fair enough. But I did, and in that context, your response came across as, "It's selfish of you to expect the Ruby community to be welcoming of women." I shouldn't have to explain to you why that's just plain wrong, and not at all analogous to your experience in academia. "Selfish" implies that it's a personal problem. Making half the human race feel unwelcome just because they happen to have been born female rises above the level of a personal problem. As a "macho hacker", you've probably adopted some beliefs and values that are a misfit to what you perceive to be the beliefs and values of the academia. There are no such beliefs and values endemic to being a woman. When a community starts to exclude people, not for having incompatible values and beliefs, but for having vaginas, I'd say there's a serious problem. "What statement does this make about women?" Your example implies that white people are bad at basketball, just as the slides imply that fat women are unattractive. But implicitly, the standard of comparison makes a statement, too. It makes the statement that women are sex objects who should be judged only on their most superficial characteristics. Men can be judged on their ability to play basketball but when it comes to women, the only standard of value is how sexually attractive they are. "The slides said nothing offensive about women." They portrayed women as sex objects rather than living persons with minds of their own. They say to women, "we're more interested in your tits and ass than in any code you might have to write." You didn't get the message, and it may not have even been intended by the presenter, but the message was there, loud and clear. Those of us who are interested in precise communication (which, in my experience, usually includes hackers) are usually more than willing to criticize someone for miscommunicating. If I go around saying "functional programming" when I really mean "procedural programming", somebody is going to stop me and correct my usage. And if I refuse to listen, the fault is my own. This is no different. If you don't want to broadcast misogynistic messages, don't use misogynistic visual language. Opening "link" in another tab is a better workaround. I'm doing it right here. (I should clarify that you don't need to actually use another tab.) Come to think of it, it's not necessarily a matter of precise communication. The fact is, the vast majority of women who saw that presentation got the sense of being unwelcome and objectified. I think you can measure just about any attempt at communication by the message that actually gets across to people, and the message that actually got across to women was what it was. That's the point of the whole article. Why did the women in the article perceive it differently from you? Maybe because when you're a victim of systemic sexism every day of your life you're better at recognizing it, and when you're the beneficiary of systemic sexism every day of your life, you're better at ignoring it. That's the standard explanation at least, and there's merit to it. Is the Silicon Valley real estate market so bad that not even Steve Jobs can buy another piece of property that would be easier to build on, or is there something particularly special about the location? Knowing Microsoft's history, it won't matter how broken XP Mode is. By Windows 8 or 9, it'll work well enough they can dump the old system entirely and move to something better, like Apple did with Mac OS X. (It will never be perfect, but the number of users they'll lose due to backwards compatibility may become small enough to be worth writing off.) Do you have to be funny for this to work? ;) Yeah, come to think of it, he has to be living somewhere while Jacking House decays, so maybe he's just in love with the location. There's nothing stopping them from using BSD code again, or buying someone else's OS. Apple did both (they bought NeXT for NeXTStep, but NeXTStep had BSD code). I know this is a minor point, but I found it striking. "Some people will contend that this is all a misunderstanding, because "hackers" are not computer criminals by definition. Criminals are "crackers," they will point out." I know the point he's trying to make (the old boring semantic argument of what "hacker" means) but that is so clumsily phrased that you get the distinct feeling he doesn't even understand the point himself. You also begin to wonder how that kind of crap can get published by the New York Times. So what? The Soviet Union has been gone since 1991 and it's still possible to buy a .su domain name. In the long run, as more and more landowners turn to goats for their landscaping needs, it will become more sustainable. Whereas as more and more people put gasoline into lawnmowers, the less sustainable it gets. The government already collects the taxes for you through withholding. I fear that if people didn't file their taxes themselves they would lose all respect and recognition of how much they pay for their government, which is bad for democracy. The easier taxes become, the less people complain about paying them. The government then has an easier job of justifying how they spend that money. Arguably, taxes should be as inconvenient, difficult, and painful as possible. On the other hand, having to file taxes really sucks and I would rather not do it. So there's an argument both ways. If we're talking about Erlang, no one. If we're talking about gender, though, it's pretty important. It's interesting—startups are probably a better opportunity for female hackers because, in general, markets are less sexist than hiring managers. I like Erlang fine, I just don't think it has anything to do with gender. And if I'd seen Erlang articles in recent days instead of articles about gender, I would find this poll rather odd myself. As it stands, I think the question is apropos. I'm more worried whether there's a bias against hackers from non-name-brand colleges, especially in the startup community. It depends. If you're mostly unhurt but your teeth are knocked out, a D.D.S. would be rather convenient. If you're badly hurt but can still survive, then the M.D. would be best. If you're mostly unhurt and the bus rolls over your foot, it looks like the D.P.M. would be a safe bet. However, if you're hurt too badly to recover, then the D.Div. or D.M. may be appropriate, depending upon your religious beliefs. Thanks to the popularity of physical injury or wrongful death lawsuits, the J.D. will be with you soon regardless of who else is around when the bus hits you. It turns out if you actually attend graduation, you don't really get your diploma then, either. It's too soon for them to know whether you passed your finals or not. So they end up mailing the diploma even if you went. You do, however, manage to get out of spending an afternoon wearing robes and a squareish hat. I wonder how common that is. At my school, most people finish their last final on Friday, go to graduation on Saturday, and leave town on Sunday. It is a college town, though. It's actually fairly astute. The reason "expanding Germany into the territory of neighboring countries we don't like" was so popular to Germans was because Germany (then and probably now) is fairly dense. One of my friends studied in Germany. One of his professors said something like, "Germany has never had enough land. We tried expanding once but it didn't work out so well." It's easy to imagine the Netherlands having the same problem. Of course, emigrating to a less dense country is an easier solution. There's nothing stopping them from licensing the latest id engine and writing a Duke Nukem game with it and just calling it Duke Nukem Forever, which is probably a more plausible line of action than continuing with what they have now. I spent all these years waiting for someone to post the lyrics to Chinese Democracy and a strategy guide for Duke Nukem Forever on Project Xanadu, and today I have nothing left but bitter disappointment. If the preprocessor knew the syntax, it would happen after parsing rather than before, which is exactly how every language other than C handles things that C handles using the preprocessor (turning "using" or "include" or "import" into keywords instead of preprocessor directives). I'm really not sure in what way it would be a pre-processor at that point. So perhaps it's more accurate to say preprocessors aren't particularly useful. I like how gets() and scanf() are both considered unsuitable for use. There's something wrong with a language when you can't trust the standard library's input functions, and I say this as someone who rather likes C in the right context. Where's the mention of the three-argument main() variation? (int argc, char argv, char env)? Is this not standard? Some people work 8-5 with a lunch break. Even worse, it's one of those stupid slideshows that loads a new page every few seconds, even when you're not looking. When I looked at it, it was halfway through the list of "states with highest alcohol and tobacco taxes". "When a math ABD starts telling me about how she really likes her work but is sick of the slow pace and the fact that only six people in the world understand her work, I get to take a nice minute alone with my thoughts: I've heard it over and over again, in the same words and the same weary, beaten-down tone." It's interesting to keep this in mind when reading Kaczynski's "Industrial Society And Its Future". He spills a lot of ink on how humans in industrial societies waste a lot of time and energy on "surrogate activities" rather than focusing on their own survival (which is no longer a challenge). It sounds a lot like the frustration of an academic who sees no use for his increasingly arcane work. Engineering is actually getting more like programming, with CAD and simulation testing taking the place of coding and testing. And some types of engineering (circuit design in VHDL/Verilog) is programming. I've never engineered, but from what I've gathered, the main difference is that in engineering, you have to be really careful about writing down a design, because once you design a car or an airplane or even a shoe, it takes a lot of human effort to build the actual car/airplane/shoe, and you really want to make sure it won't crash before you test it. It's costly to reiterate a design before release, if that iteration involves a full design-manufacture-test cycle. Whereas in programming, we can build the actual program whenever we want (compilers are fast and cheap) so we usually start from an initial design that's completely broken and incrementally refine it. Even the largest scale programming, done right, has a "nightly build", the engineering equivalent of changing your airplane design in the afternoon, manufacturing it at night, having a test pilot fly it in the morning, and discovering that afternoon why the test pilot and your new airplane are now in hundreds of pieces spattered across the Nevada desert. That'll never sell. Instead there should be a news site that gives you a brief quiz to determine your political bias, and then serves you biased news stories that agree with your preconceived ideas. It takes a task that people already do by hand, and automates it! An alarm clock with a numeric keypad so I don't have to sit there mashing the "down" button. Along these notes: a recommendation engine for food called "WhatShouldIHaveForDinner.com" that takes all your favorite foods and suggests recipes and/or local restaurants (go to Crazy Ivan's Ukrainian Cafe and order the borsch), keeping dietary issues in mind. I started with C, but from what I've heard, Scheme actually makes plenty of sense as a first language. There's a Marvin Minsky quote, "Anyone could learn Lisp in one day, except that if they already knew Fortran, it would take three days." The "complexity" of Lisp comes from our preconceptions from different languages (Minsky presumably said that when Fortran was more in vogue). Abstract concepts are imperfect. Chip design isn't exactly programming because the final product requires fabrication, no matter how well you can fake it with simulators or FPGA's. (In situations where FPGA's are useful in deployment, I guess "chip design" would become "programming an FPGA" and you would get the benefits of quick building that programming gives you.) Likewise, we can design an airplane in CAD and put it through a computer simulator, which might allow a more programming-like design experience. But "engineering" implies that it's a separate step from manufacturing or assembly, whereas a programmer goes from idea to built parts within hours (not the whole system but definitely a subset of it). And that's one way of doing it that resembles engineering. Just as engineering can resemble programming, programming can resemble engineering. But trying to imitate what engineers do limits what you can do as a programmer. Programmers also work on multiple levels of abstraction in a way that I imagine to be somewhat different from engineers. Controlling for the same algorithm seems unbiased but isn't. Since different languages are suited to different tasks, all you'd get was a measure of how easily an untrained teenager could implement that particular algorithm in a given language. You could control for that by using multiple algorithms, though. I overheard a coworker of mine asserting "there is no strategic value to the moon". And I think he's right. There's no practical reason to put weapons on the moon, they work a lot better on the earth and with the cost of putting them on the moon you could just build more weapons. By your reasoning, it should be illegal to deny that the moon landing ever happened, or to deny that Lee Harvey Oswald was the assassin of JFK, or even to deny that human beings are the product of biological evolution. It's not the role of government, or of Facebook, to officially designate one version of past events as "true" and prohibit all consideration of any contrary version. The Holocaust happened. It is sufficient to fully show the evidence of what happened and leave it at that. Prohibiting anyone from making claims to the contrary is no defense of the truth. Only liars need that defense. Disagreement about historical fact is not defamation. If I want to say Ataturk or Hitler or Andrew Jackson are variously guilty or innocent of genocide that is my right. In fact, I really don't see how it's defamation to claim that someone is innocent of genocide. Not by the law. Or are you using "defamatory" as a label to dismiss ideas without having to actually prove them false? (Fact: Proving that the Holocaust actually happened is easier, and works better, than trying to change people's opinions through sheer outrage.) http://www.paulgraham.com/say.html There's an important difference you're glossing over. If I post a photgraph to Facebook and Facebook takes it down, that's censorship. If I don't post the photograph in the first place, that's not censorship. That doesn't mean it's a violation of free speech or the first amendment, but we shouldn't redefine words like "censorship" just to gloss over all these issues. "By definition, the outlier you cite cannot exist, since the sole purpose of "Holocaust denial" is to rub salt into Jewish wounds." I'm glad you have the power of looking into people's souls. Personally, I don't, so I have to remain open to the possibility that some holocaust deniers are just cranks. "The first two don't need to be illegal, because they don't do much damage. There is little emotional attachment, making the controversy less influential or dangerous." Well that's rather ad hoc of you. If holocaust denial causes "harm" by convincing people that the Jews are liars, wouldn't Oswald denial cause harm by convincing people the American government covered up a coup it instituted against its own president, shattering all social stability? Wouldn't moon-landing denial do the same thing? I seem to remember Buzz Aldrin getting real angry and punching a moon-landing denier in the face for calling him a liar. Do you think Buzz had a legal case for defamation there? Wouldn't moon-landing-denial hurt sales of Buzz Aldrin's books? Why can't you just accept the fact that we have to share the world with a bunch of cranks? Or you could just mumble incoherently. http://www.zug.com/pranks/visa/index03.html And if Facebook was banning them for being cranks, that would be one thing. I usually downvote crank comments on Hacker News because we're a specialized community that values rational thought. To me, singling out Holocaust denial as the one prohibited form of crankism on Facebook smacks of exceptionalism. You can have conspiracy theories or contrary opinions about any other historical event, no matter how many people were killed—just not that one. Notably, you can become a "fan" of Ataturk or Genghis Khan or Andrew Jackson or Christopher Columbus on Facebook, but not Hitler. Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Pullman WA. It's got its pluses and minuses like anywhere else. Thank you, Ayn Rand. Even worse, this is a topseller list of people who still read books . Which is probably a minority of the US population nowadays. I had a job once where I had to use not only IE but also a "thick client" that was .NET based and had similar audio feedback. I kept my computer on mute the whole time because it sounded like a goddamn slot machine. Only if we all have to get them. "If a member of subgroup Y is the first human on Mars, why should we have to wait for an X-er to step on Mars before we can tell X-ers they can do it, too?" If everyone who has landed on Mars, the Moon, or any other extraterrestrial body is a member of subgroup Y, and so is the vast majority of people who have done anything like it, then maybe the point does need to be made that someone outside of subgroup Y can do it, too. Do I win hacker points for being the type of person who would think to do exactly this while drunk? Well, if you're the one to make that point that makes you the first X-er on Mars. But you deserve some credit for that achievement as well. More credit than just "another guy who landed on Mars" but less credit than the first man on Mars, I estimate. Because people are products of evolution. If your file system ever gets corrupted, DiskWarrior. DiskWarrior will reliably maintain and rebuild your FS. It will work when fsck fails and is better than the other paid alternatives. It looks like (and is) a Mac OS 9 port, but it's the same filesystem so no worries. If your filesystem is ever, ever fucked, DW will save it if anything can. It costs $100, so don't buy until when you end up needing it. But at that moment, buy it (unless your data is worth less than $100, I guess). Not really, just that the first X-er on Mars is exceptionally defiant or ignorant of social expectations. "The humanities" are really something of a grab bag when it comes to categorizing fields of study. When it comes to categorizing the different departments of a university into colleges or whatnot, things like "engineering" and "science" clearly share some type of methodology or otherwise easily fit together. But "humanities" ranges from downright useful stuff like foreign language and history to things like philosophy and English (which can be studied fruitfully but most universities fall short due to some bad fundamental approach like postmodernism) to crap like "ethnic studies" and "women's studies" (identity politics: the department). Wal-Mart is already an anti-brand among the market segment that would buy Gucci. Target may have a better chance, but Wal-Mart is too solidly right-wing, rural, downscale, and outright unpleasant to shop in to really threaten an upscale brand. I don't know Gucci (I'm not upscale enough for it) but most upscale brands are also more durable, while Wal-Mart's products are invariably designed to be cheap and fall apart in a few months so you can go back to Wal-Mart and buy another. It's not just the Army, Navy, and Marines that need GPS. The Air Force has smart bombs (JDAM) that are guided by GPS as well. "Kinda like Microsoft is an anti-brand to Apple fanboys. But both Apple and Gucci's customer base have a slice of customers that are on the edge and not necessarily fanboys." These are two fundamentally different markets here. Computers (even Macs) are cheap enough that they aren't as stratified as fashion. A Mac might cost twice as much as a PC (though it really doesn't), but clothing can vary by entire orders of magnitude in price. If Gucci loses customers it will be to a rival premium brand or a midscale brand, not bottom-of-the-barrel Wal-Mart. The auto industry is similarly stratified, and I understand it a little better than fashion, so let's discuss that. The strata (pre-GM/Chrysler meltdown) were about like this: * * Aston Martin Maybach Bentley Rolls-Royce -------------------------- BMW Mercedes-Benz Lexus -------------------------- Audi -------------------------- Cadillac, Acura -------------------------- | ------------------ Lincoln | VW, Honda, Toyota -------------------------- | occupy all three Mercury, Buick, Chrysler, | strata upscale Ford/Chevrolet | (Eddie Bauer Explorer, | Corvette) | -------------------------- | Ford, Chevrolet | * * These strata are probably wrong but they're illustrative. I think Audi might be moving closer to the top tier, and I wasn't sure where Rolls Royce belonged but I made a decent guess. No one says "I'm going to stop driving my Maybach and get a Ford Focus" unless they go bankrupt from buying too many luxury cars. Audi or even Acura could pick off Lexus/BMW/Mercedes drivers though. And someone who stretched too far and got an Audi might get a VW next time. But you're not going to have the lowest tier directly challenge the highest tier. In the PC market, Apple and Microsoft are already adjacent tiers, because there's no room in the market for any tiers above or below them. But the PC market is a lot flatter than other markets. I used the "like" because most folks only know postmodernism. I actually did my first degree in philosophy and while postmodernism was nowhere to be found, there's enough continental philosophy around to waste everyone's time. My school was very analytic, but from talking to other philosophy students online, analytic philosophy isn't all that popular or well-known among undergrads. I think analytic philosophy is great, though of somewhat more limited interest since it's less amenable to bullshit, grand abstractions, and other bad philosophy. It's also a bit arcane and technical at times. DeRose is a good analytic philosopher and I always enjoy reading him, so thanks for the link. Not that all continental philosophy is crap (existentialism seems interesting and worthwhile) but a lot of it is, and in many circles, a low opinion of Hegel gets you a lot of credit. If you're sure it's the same item, that's fine. Then again, they also sell cheaper versions of the same brand (Levi's for instance) that are pretty crap. I actually went to Wal-Mart yesterday. There are things they do right (logistics) but in general, I don't buy a product at Wal-Mart unless I'm absolutely certain it's completely identical to a product I can get somewhere else, and that I know is durable. Specious reasoning here. Yes, India has a higher rate of growth than the US, but they are also poorer and will remain so for the near future. It's not an entirely bad idea, as living in another country is probably a worthwhile experience, especially rapidly developing country like India. But it's not a great career move in and of itself, nor is it that much better an idea because of the recession (unless you have no real prospects for enough income to stay in your home country and want a cheaper country to live off your savings in until the storm passes, but most people in that situation go for someplace like Costa Rica.) "To create anything humans must utilize their labor. That is where the real value lies. The "market," "capital," and the "financial system" are nothing but totems (created by our labor) that we worship as if they were given to us by the gods." Careful: this way lies Marxism. The value doesn't lie in the labor itself, because if the labor was just as valuable as the product of that labor then why not save the labor and sleep in? The value lies in what is produced. Which is why using less labor to produce something more useful is more valuable than using more labor to produce something useless. "once you name any created object beautiful, that beauty is rife with cultural baggage that defines what is and what is not valuable" You've gone through a loop and said nothing. I think a rainbow is beautiful because (by your account, which spuriously dispenses with the possibility of individual taste or universal beauty) my culture values pretty colors. But in what way does my culture value pretty colors? Answer: we find them beautiful. You basically said "we think things are beautiful because our culture defines what we think is beautiful", which is a simple, testable, false statement (some standards of beauty are shared across cultures, other standards can differ within a culture). "To call one object beautiful necessarily means that other objects are not beautiful, or are less beautiful, or are beautiful in a different way. As far as I'm concerned there is nothing "harmonious" about this act. Thus, how can beauty and harmony be intrinsically valuable or "good" when beauty necessarily excludes harmony?" You can have harmony without everything in the world being harmonious. By analogy, can't we only call a system or an interaction "harmonious" if it is something distinct from disharmony? Isn't there a difference between two instruments playing the same pitch (or harmonious pitches, such as the same note an octave apart) and two instruments playing completely disharmonious pitches? (The answer is yes, and this can be scientifically demonstrated.) Likewise, when a group of people act in concert to achieve more than the sum of their individual efforts, is that not more harmonious than a group of people warring with themselves? "On a side note, who do you think the women will remember more: the guy who they got into an conversation with about Frederic Bastiat, or the 100th guy to ask them about the weather?" Of course, at a bus stop, one does not know whether or not the other people there are familiar with Bastiat. Which is why college is such a great place to meet people--if you meet people in your classes you can discuss the subject. "Yes. And the reason why you enjoy the quality coffee more than the cheap filter stuff is because it is more pleasurable. That is also the reason why you don't enjoy the cheap stuff anymore - because you know that it's actually pretty bad. You can still drink it anyway, but you know it's not that good. Suggesting that this is a bad thing is kind of suggesting that you don't think your tastes should evolve for the better throughout your life. " You're assuming that enjoyment and happiness always improve when drinking better coffee/wine/beer/etc. Untrue. If you're perfectly happy with what you have now, cultivating a more sophisticated taste will usually just frustrate you because now to get the same level of enjoyment you had previously you have to spend more money or time. Going back to what you had before doesn't return you to a baseline level of happiness, it makes you unhappy. To get back to the baseline you now have to regularly consume expensive or time-consuming coffee instead of the cheap stuff. If your goal in life is to enjoy the "finest things", go right ahead. If your goal in life is to be happy, then be very careful about raising the bar for things that you enjoy. Being able to enjoy cheap crap makes you just as happy as being able to enjoy expensive crap, but at lower cost. (As it turns out, this argument doesn't apply to books and movies and music because good books, movies, and music cost just as much as the crap ones, and because good art is intellectually stimulating, which is worthwhile for its own reasons.) It might be more accurate to say that the Register just goes around denigrating everything popular, well-known, or well-liked...being a British publication. Seriously, I've never read anything in the Register that wasn't an attack piece on something popular. It's the tech equivalent of the type of tabloid that that revels in airing the dirty laundry of the rich and famous, with some sub-par trolling added as "commentary". "We live in a period of time when life is rife with complex information and complex choices. Mental effort itself has become a precious commodity. This explains a lot. It also works against the Long Tail. In order to cultivate esoteric tastes, you need time and you need to pay attention." You need time and attention to cultivate popular tastes, too. Once you discover a taste for jazz fusion or progressive metal or Japanese pop, though, you can safely stop paying attention to the rest of the music industry. "But I don't feel I'm superior to people who can taste the difference. In fact, I'd say I'm inferior - my range of experiences in my life is poorer than theirs - at least when it comes to coffee." I don't feel superior either, I'm just glad I have time and money left over for other things. Feeling superior due to a taste for fancy coffee is the kind of elitism I have no interest in. Plus there's some well-known psychology behind this stuff. Expensive wine tastes better, in part, largely because it is more expensive. "Honestly, I don't see how you can present the ignorance of better things as an advantage, except in are really base, utilitarian way, where we are all hamsters on the hedonistic treadmill with no higher aspirations beyond immediate pleasurable gratification." If you're ignorant of better things, you're happy with what you have. If you're familiar with better things, you're unhappy with what you have, unless you spend time and energy on better things instead, at which point you're just as happy as you were before except with less money and less free time. That's the same reward profile as drug addictions, frankly. I think it's even more hedonistic to waste time and effort on exceptional food and drink when you could just keep yourself contented with average stuff and devote that time, money, and energy to higher pursuits. Not that I'm entirely uninterested in those kinds of experiences, but I'm not the one to be accusing of hedonism here. You know, you'd be surprised but I don't have the slightest damned idea what the best selling music is right now. A pop song can come out and I don't hear it for weeks. And I don't own a radio outside of my car. There's a slight bump when you get into something esoteric for the first time, but afterwards, you just kind of naturally lose touch. "Not sure why so many people are crying foul. Unless it's because they're used to having your full attention, and now they're frustrated with having to compete with the friends you're texting/tweeting/facebooking. That's sort of narcissistic, isn't it? Do you deserve their full attention?" If I don't deserve someone's full attention, why are we having lunch together? To be fair, you edited your post after I replied to it. I didn't mean any disrespect; I was simply stating a point. Are you saying it's more difficult for you to keep up with Irish Trad than it is for you to keep up with pop music? (It obviously takes more time and effort to be a practicing musician than to simply listen to music, but that is a separate question, one that rather confounds my original question.) In other words, are you disagreeing with me, or simply being disagreeable? But that's my point--playing it yourself is what takes more time, not the obscurity of the music. It's possible to listen to J-Pop, outside of Japan, for almost as little effort as it takes to listen to local pop on the analog radio. I'd count that as part of the long tail (at least from an American perspective). Most industries are not this bad, but reportedly, Hollywood is set up so that no motion picture ever produced is ever profitable. This was originally a corporate practice invented to screw over people contractually due a percentage of the net, but everyone went back to negotiating based on gross. A 10 inch tablet is a lot closer to a Mac than an iPhone. I don't see the App Store factoring in. That kind of thinking is just buzzword thinking: the App Store was a big breakthrough for smartphones (true), it would be nice to have something similar for desktop software (true, though Linux package managers could probably take a design lesson) so obviously everything else in the future must work the same way (false). You can stitch together most of Blackboard out of Google's services. All Google really needs is some secure site for posting grades, but in reality, the old "web site with student ID number instead of name" is more widely used at my school than Blackboard anyway, so perhaps not. Since childhood, Steve Jobs. For too many reasons to mention. Sadly, health care is so strongly regulated that starting up in that sector might be more of a legal challenge than a technical challenge. With this administration, the very parameters of the market are within question. How much will be taken over by the government? Who wants to sell to the government? "Who judges the judges"? Believe it or not, if I went on to discuss every single reason why I admire Steve Jobs, it would have been even more fanboyish. "I think Firefox also has the advantage of being Netscape Navigator's spiritual heir. Lot of people who used NN (when it was good), got used to it and were keen to keep on using it over alternatives." There were years between the last good Netscape Navigator and the first usable Mozilla, let alone Firefox 1. I really doubt there was that much loyalty during that long dark spell, especially since during much of that period, Internet Explorer was pretty good. ESPN360 is usually sold to ISP's and bundled with internet service. It's not so much a matter of "blocking" as "not buying". It's a weird business model, but it was enough to switch me from Time Warner cable (which was excellent through and through) to Verizon DSL (which has no other redeeming characteristics). Google Maps are included with the iPhone, they're not a third party app. I'm sure if you could convince Apple to bundle your app with every iPhone you would get to use undocumented API's, too. Geocities wasn't social networking, it was free web hosting for people who didn't care about having their own domain name. LiveJournal is a quasi-social blogging platform, MySpace never sustainably spread past a teenage/preteen/music niche, and Facebook/Twitter are complementary services (Facebook is privacy oriented and Twitter is publicity oriented). "Every so often, someone will come along, hand you a sword, and tell you to go die for the Emperor; if you aren't killed in battle, it's quite likely that you'll die of disease or starvation hundreds of miles from home." But less likely than dying at home on the farm, at least in Rome. "your husband, who may have three or ten or twenty wives" In which case your husband is probably rich, powerful, and influential, and you share a measure of luxury. Most men in polygamous cultures only have/had one wife because they can only afford to support one wife. "If you want to live like this, for whatever reason, you still can. Go out into the middle of nowhere and purchase a plot of land (such land is generally worthless). Build a house on it, farm it for food and make all your tools yourself." There's a marked difference between living in a primitive community and living as a primitivist hermit. "I honestly don't see how in a C-style language, using different names for the exact same construct found in every other C-style language adds any real value." Did you notice the next line? " sjohnson: and it's quite powerful." That implies it's more than just switch/case. If it's not quite the same thing as switch/case, then it's appropriate to give it a different name, even if it fills the same functional role. If you add together all the Solaris or Sparc servers and Java programs in the world, the direct and indirect users would probably dwarf Facebook's. And that's not even considering the value of each application--I use Facebook but it's not especially valuable to me, while a certain Java app in my bank's backend might be more valuable. C is a small, beautiful, elegant language that's fine tuned to systems programming and high-performance programming, with a surprising ability to be used on higher levels with enough skill. As a programmer and computer scientist, C will teach you a good abstract model of how a program is executed on the low level (memory management, stack, heap, and so forth), especially if you learn some assembly along with it, and learn how to make C and assembly work together. It is not the best applications language and there are proportionally fewer opportunities to write and read C code than there once was, but it's necessary if you want to be a great programmer. C++ is a big, clunky, difficult, ugly language. Understanding C++ is an accomplishment, but not because it involves any fundamental learning beyond the peculiarities of that language. As a programmer and computer scientist, C++ will teach you how to design a clunky mess of a programming language. But it is widely used, for good reasons. It's the right blend of performance and abstraction for many applications. It's a good language--maybe the best--for learning certain data structures, just because it combines pointers (data structures are mostly built out of pointers) with encapsulation (which helps reinforce the mental model that, for instance, rotation subroutines are part of what makes an AVL tree an AVL tree). And as an application language, it's very much usable. So it is worthwhile, but probably not a high a priority as C (or, indeed, other languages that can teach you more than simply how to use that particular language). This reminds me a lot of religion--he's mixing together simple things that no one can really argue with (don't commit noise violations, no one owes you help moving, don't be rude to people, write thank you notes) with bizarre interjections into things that aren't his business (the subjects of your conversations with people other than him, how you stow your trash in your own home) and outright arguable cultural prescriptions (driving is mandatory, and tips have gone up 5%!). I imagine if you're 25, you should be old enough not to care what this guy thinks of you anyway. "Bing" is an okay name, but Google's starting to become a genericized trademark. It'll never legally become one but once your brand has reached genericized trademark status you have a lot of brand power. And that brand power is even more powerful online. It's one thing if you have a store shelf where Kleenex and generic kleenex are right next to each other. It's different if you're sitting at a computer thinking, "what site am I going to use to google for facial tissues?". There's a marketing concept--I've forgotten what it's called--where people will think of a small number of brands for a given category. If a brand gets in your brain this way it's viable. That's why we see so many silly commercials that just say things like "Nike" with some sort of vaguely inspiring imagery, or irrelevant things like polar bears advertising Coca-Cola. It's not a matter of actually convincing anyone to buy the product, it's just to get their attention and get the brand name in their working memory, so the next time they think "I need to get new sneakers" or "I want a fizzy drink", their brain will enumerate the possible brands and something constantly shoved into their mental attentions like Coke will come up instead of RC Cola, even though they're next to each other on the same shelf. With search engines, Google is in the enviable position of being the only search engine that comes to mind. No one thinks anymore, "I need to go to a website that will help me find fizzy drinks on the internet. Which sites do that? Ask Jeeves? Google? Windows Live Search?". They just think, "I'm gonna google me some fizzy drinks". It's bad usage, but in sociological terms, women are a minority because they aren't the dominant subgroup. That's vaguely what I meant when I said that C isn't a great applications language but C++ is a passable one. Different languages are well suited for different tasks, and if you use the wrong language for the task you'll always end up with a mess. So sometimes C++ is more suitable than C. And sometimes some other language entirely is more suitable. But the language design of C--compared to C++--is a masterpiece of clean and simple design. Football is not a sport that lends to risky behavior. One or two interceptions could lose a game where you otherwise dominate, and turn a loss into an embarrassment. The laboratory for "let's do something crazy and see if it works" in football is college ball, though you are seeing pro ball get more adventurous in recent years. Basketball lends itself well to "systems" that work well statistically over the long run: you get dozens of possessions, and the other team gets the same number, so you just maximize your average-case possession outcome (offensively and defensively) and the variance will wash out in a seven game playoff series, or a 90 game season. (Which is why boring teams like the Spurs succeed). But soccer? In soccer, 95% of what you do has no impact at all . Even if it is theatrical, the average case outcome for a soccer play is that a goal isn't scored at all. So you can play systematically, except like football, a fluke play in soccer can win or lose the game. But unlike football (where interceptions are usually more the passing team's fault than the defending team's credit), soccer allows you to create fluke plays. You can spend most of the game doing almost nothing of interest, pull off a fluke play (at the very end, if you have a flair for the dramatic), and beat a team that had a slight advantage the whole game but never capitalized. Turkey repeatedly did this in Euro 2008 and it was the most fun I've ever had watching any team play any sport ever. If you're an underdog, and you're going to take a risk, best check which game you're playing, and whether you're good enough for that risk to pay off. "Tell right from wrong" is a conjectural extrapolation. What this really tells me is that animals observe social protocol. Now, perhaps morality is no more than social protocol. But all of these "moral" behaviors have important practical consequences. "Even when fighting for mates, the loser of a battle is allowed to escape with its life. Sometimes accidents happen and the animals die of injuries, but death is not the intent. Humans intend to kill when they battle." Usually, when human males fistfight over a woman, the loser is still allowed to escape with his life. Murder doesn't usually enter the picture outside of adultery, but a cuckolded alpha wolf will not be all too kind, either (and most cuckolded humans don't murder, either.) Humans will fight to the death over resources, but we are not the only species that will do that. I had largely the same reaction you did when I saw "minority" used that way. You're right. "Minority" is a really bad word for what biohacker42 was trying to say, because many "minorities" (in terms of social status) are not numeric minorities. (Blacks in apartheid-era South Africa. Women throughout history.) As jfoutz mentioned, we both know a pointer is not a dog. It's convenient that you misquoted me, too, because doing so leaves out the part where I already conceded that it's bad usage. Which leaves me at a loss as to what you're trying to add to the discussion--did you say something more than what I've already implied (and exhaustively reiterated here)? "Bill Gates had rigged - excuse me, programmed ;-) - the course scheduling program at his prep school to seat him next to all the pretty girls, and had done decently as a consultant doing traffic-light control software. Steve Jobs had a prior profitable business with Steve Wozniak selling blue boxes." Notably, only one of those things (traffic-light-control software) is considered a socially acceptable use of one's talents, though rigging the course scheduling program is more of a prank than a crime. "Taxing negative externalities rather than positive ones (so tax carbon instead of capital gains)" Problem: Negative externalities are supposed to go away. At which point you have no money. So you have to tax things (like income) that people just aren't going to do away with! "Taxing the negative externality behavior doesn't have the aim of eliminating it -- just causing it to be weighed properly in the firm's decisions." But it does tend to reduce the externality, thus reducing tax base. Which interferes with revenue collection. If Google had their own bandwidth (hell, their own Tier 1/2 network is feasible) it might provide them too great a temptation to do evil. Even if you suck at playing banjo? So people choose their political beliefs based upon their personality. That's old news to me, but a more interesting question might be how many people buck these trends, because that might indicate how many people think critically about politics rather than embracing and trying to rationalize their first intuition. "What if you end up with a very profitable, modest sized business that you want to just run? That is no longer an option once you raise VC money." Why hasn't the market produced a VC variant that's content with this, and willing to earn back its investment over the course of long term dividends? My guess is, the numbers just plain don't work out. If VC's are 10% successful, each successful startup has to pay for 9 failures. A VC might be 25% successful choosing successful dividends-bearing companies, but (a) those won't make up for the remaining 65% of failures and (b) the amount of dividends needed would dilute profits, so the founders wouldn't be any better off than if they didn't take the VC money in the first place. Well that depends on Paul Graham's knowledge of other languages. If Paul Graham knows Lisp and only Lisp, perhaps he's falling into the Blub paradox when it comes to Prolog. But if Paul Graham knows Lisp, C, Smalltalk, and Cobol, and has all the necessary language concepts from those to understand Ruby and Perl even if he hasn't used Ruby and Perl extensively, then he's on decent grounds to claim that Lisp is more powerful than those languages. The blub paradox comes from someone who only knows Pascal doesn't understand why you'd want classes or functional programming. (We're assuming he only knows classical Pascal, not Delphi.) It accounts for the resistance of C hackers to object oriented languages (as illustrated, rather passive-aggressively, in such books as Object Oriented Programming in ANSI C ), the resistance of Java coders to first class functions (we have a design pattern for that! it's called "functor"!) and so forth. It doesn't apply to someone who knows Haskell criticizing Java for OO fetishism, or a Java programmer scoffing at Pascal for not having classes. And the only place where I've ever read pg as critical of another language's abstractions is his remarks on Prolog. Now, that might be because he's fallen into the blub paradox, or maybe he has a good enough understanding of Prolog to authoritatively say it's only useful for 2% of problems and gets in your way the rest of the time. I can't read minds. It's fascinating what happens when an entire culture adopts the standpoint of a jealous husband who doesn't let his wife even socialize with other people. Undoubtedly there's a category of "languages" that, despite their power, are only really useful for a specific application (make, yacc, SQL, PostScript) distinct from more general purpose languages. Perl used to be in the camp of specialized languages (need to munge some text?) but now it's squarely a general purpose language. I've always seen Prolog billed as a general purpose language. If it's intended as a special purpose language, then it doesn't even make sense to criticize it compared to Lisp or C. It'll be interesting to see how this works. As a user I'm a fan of thick clients, but it's an unanswered question whether and when thick clients are a valuable companion product for a web app. This is another data point to that question. (I guess Twitter is another example of a place where thick clients have a clear place alongside the standard web thin client, but that's somewhat different in that these thick clients are, if I'm not mistaken, produced by third parties rather than Twitter.) Generally, it's better to phrase that point something like this: "The one dimensional nature of most political discourse (Us!, Them!!) ignores most of the complexity that actually matters. And our political structures are corrupt, counterproductive and irrational." Expecting us to extract that meaning out of some vague witticism was probably your mistake. "There are no conservatives who believe that authority is always right, and no liberals (at least, very few liberals) who believe that it is never right." If only because believing that authority is always right is a decent characterization of fascism, while believing that authority is never right is a descent characterization of anarchism, which are respectively more right-wing/left-wing than conservatism and liberalism. This just maintains the spectrum while showing that conservatism and liberalism are not at the extremes. Maybe I want to keep my private and public conversations distinct, or my synchronous and asynchronous communications distinct. Doesn't it follow that I'd want specialized tools for each? That's one line, yes, but what a line! That's 20 tokens or so, many of which are weird and hairy (the ? operator, multiple assignments). And in Lisp style you'd have that as multiple lines anyway. A whole bunch of untrue claims and other trolling, all of which is about 10 years out of date. I'm not all for open source (it has its uses but not all software should be open source) but I am all for good arguments. "If developers give away their software, where is the food going to come from? Lots, perhaps most, open source developers have salaried jobs. OSS is a side project, but if you want it to be your money maker, perhaps it isn't for you." Much OSS is developed commercially by people who are paid to develop OSS. "Do you want to focus on managing an open source community or focus on your customers? Managing forks? Maintaining control?" You don't have to do any of these things. "There are myriad OSS licenses. These licenses are like viruses. If you use code that contains them, your code contains them. They attach themselves to everything you write and everything you distribute." False. GPL is viral but not all open source licenses operate like GPL. He's confusing open source with copyleft. "I've lost emails on two different occassions because of bugs in Thunderbird." That's nice, but I've paid for bugs too. What I want to see is an accurate survey of software quality between proprietary software and widely used open source. "I don't even want to count the number of Linux distributions available." "How many browsers are built on top of webkit or gecko?" Sounds like he'd really be upset counting the number of distributions of, say, BSD's TCP/IP code. Linux is a kernel , it's not a usable product by itself. Webkit is most of a browser, but it's not an application. Same with Gecko. Maybe it needs to be made more obvious that a lot of open source projects build components rather than finished applications, but if you don't grasp that concept, you're not qualified to argue this point. "Okay, well the fact that there are multiple distros makes the OSS world more confusing for the end user and what the end user wants is simplicity." So he wants a monopoly on browsers and operating systems? He doesn't want to be "confused" by the fact that someone makes a Linux for servers and a Linux for datacenters and a Linux for Google's own personal compute cluster and a Linux for wristwatches and toasters? Then stop shopping for datacenter and wristwatch software. The number of desktop Linux distros designed and widely adopted for consumer use is fairly small. "You'll spend a lot of your time doing code reviews instead of writing your own code." Only if you really want to. It's not a requirement of the license that you actively maintain the code and manage contributions from others. "You may end up with too many cooks in the kitchen." You can always close the door and inform them they can experiment on your recipe in their own kitchen. Don't most open source projects have a small core of dedicated contributors anyway? And the ability to selectively allow newcomers into this core? I can't just walk in and start fucking around with the Linux kernel because Linus and crew won't let me. What I can do is fork Linux, create Philinux, and break it to my heart's content. And if it sucks, no one will notice. "If you open source your software your monetization options become limited." True. But I don't see the point of this argument--you can open source software that you don't intend to sell, or use open source software, without having to open source the software you're trying to sell. That goes without saying. "How many billion dollar open source software companies are there? How many closed source?" Sometimes instead of building your own private park on your corporate headquarters, you can put the corporate headquarters next to a city park and volunteer for park cleanup. Linux was built for free because Linus wanted to build a kernel. It's maintained because some individuals and some companies want to invest time and money in it. Just because Linux isn't a product of some company doesn't mean it's worthless, or that it can't be used to make money. "Imagine telling...attorneys to open source their skills." They do. In fact, the law itself is open source--each and every line of "code" is published by the government in volumes of leather-bound books titled "US Code" and the like. As for private laws, like contracts, some lawyers write up example contracts that you can copy and use, and publish them. Of course, like with code, it takes someone who knows the language to make sure that boilerplate applies to your specific situation. "So the argument that the consumer of OSS is free to modify it to do whatever is a myth. It just doesn't happen like they say it does and most end users don't know how to do it even if they have the source." Google is the consumer of Linux, and they do modify it to do whatever. Okay, maybe you're not going to modify your email client to not lose emails anymore, but that doesn't mean there's no use to having the code to anyone, ever, in all of computing. "Plus, the black box makes it harder for hackers to understand." Security by obscurity? Is someone trotting out that old argument again? "it's more tokens if you write it as several lines" As several lines or several statements? x = ____(a = 7 * ________(b = 14)) ____+ ____(c = 9 * ________((d > 7)? e:f)); Same statement, same token count, multiple lines. Semicolons do denote statements, but that doesn't prevent you from clever use of line breaks. I still think my version is more readable. +1 point for using the Wikipedia article on Scientology and the legal system to support your argument. I can imagine the court proceedings now: "The Church of Scientology has a recorded history of filing frivolous lawsuits, all of which is documented in this Wikipedia article." "This only proves that Wikipedia is biased against scientology!" "Your Honor, please review the references to this entry. Clearly no further citations are needed." The only "harm" she shows pornography as causing can be summarized as follows: sometimes people get fired for watching porn at work, and sometimes people get divorced over it. Neither of those are endemic to porn itself. Divorce can be blamed just as much on prudishness on the part of the non-porn-watching spouse as addiction on the part of the porn-watching spouse. There's nothing unconstitutional about legal tender laws, the Constitution explicitly gives Congress the authority to pass laws regulating the issue of legal US currency. There are gold backed electronic currencies, and a lot of people will tell you gold is more valuable than fiat money, so they will gladly take all of your fiat money and give you some gold electronic currency in exchange. Gold is a crap currency. It's just as "fiat" as dollar bills, except (a) commodity backed currencies are totally ruined by gold rushes, (b) using commodities as currency distorts the market value of that commodity, and (c) a gold standard would lead to deflation, which would be an economic disaster. All of which misses the main point, which is that you took a discussion of a failed startup from the dot-com era and used it as a springboard into a totally unrelated recitation of half-baked goldbug talking points that are off topic and for that matter rather crankish. Little different than if there was a failed dot-com that centered around teaching kids about biology, and someone commented on it just to push some creationist viewpoint. (Trying to make up a little for missing the down-arrow and accidentally modding you up.) They can spend millions of dollars making Wal-Mart's logo look friendlier, but when you walk in the store, it's plain to see that the actual company is just the same. This reminds me of Joel's "how many lies can you find a direct mail piece?" http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000019.html The logo might claim Wal-Mart is friendly and likable but unless Wal-Mart actually becomes friendly and likable it's just wasted money. "In any case, I don't really buy into the whole "Walmart is pure evil" thing." I don't either, I just find them unpleasant. "Even funnier, there are now online places where you can buy boxes of software, have them MAILED to you, and then you can install them." UPS is always going to have faster throughput than the internet. It's just the latency that's a killer. I've always thought that this would make a great plot for a science fiction novel. A computer science fiction novel. There would be lots of intrigue, as the guy was tracked down by the NSA and covertly outwitted his opponents using his proof, until a final showdown where he discovers the horrifying truth about who else knows that P=NP, and what happens to everyone else who's ever proven it. So...should I look for a literary agent or try and bootstrap this myself by hiring a private press? ;) Putting search results side by side is old news: http://www.graball.com/r.php?s=cuckoo+bananas To get to Bing you have to use the "MSN" link, but you can get a side to side comparison of any two search engines. Plus, you don't have to install anything, since it just uses frames. (Most people implementing this today would use javascript, because as we all know frames are evil, and hence, we have to use other tools to re-implement frames.) Meetings are overrated, but code reviews are quite useful. If you use a tool like Code Collaborator to asynchronously do code review (rather than pulling everyone into a synchronous meeting) you get something close to an optimal solution. Dead space would just be assigned to the nearest possible key anyway so this isn't much gain. Now, if you had tessellated triangles, that might work. Right now, the keyboard works by row and column. I suspect it's more common for the iPhone to trigger "f" as "d" or "g" rather than "r" or "v": in other words, detecting side to side is harder than up and down. That suggests to me that if you tessellated triangular keys together, how far up and down you are would help determine whether you were going for an upward-pointing key or a downward-pointing key. This isn't very clearly stated but I hope it makes some sense. Yes, you are supposed to hold a 20 year old to the same standard as a 30 year old - otherwise it's discrimination. This argument begs the question. To discriminate is to treat different things differently. The real question is whether age discrimination is justified, and despite the negative connotations "discrimination" has picked up, that's exactly what we're arguing here. Weird. I write smarter than I talk. "Apple did not invent the phone, mp3 player, video player, application store, etc." That doesn't mean they aren't innovative. It's easy to invent the MP3 player. It's hard to invent the MP3 player that people actually want to use. That doesn't suck. Summary: Television network claims TV is not especially harmful to children if used in moderation. The "polynomial-time nondeterministic Turing machine" explanation has the following strengths: 1. It explains where the "N" in "NP" comes from and why. 2. For someone learning P and NP towards the end of an automata theory class, where nondeterminism and NFA-DFA transformations have already been introduced, it seems like a more elegant and meaningful development of the concept. There's a bit of confusion here. Saying the traveling salesman problem is NP-complete means more than simply it has a P verification. Saying the traveling salesman problem is in NP implies it has a P verification. But saying that it is NP- complete implies that, in addition to being in NP, any other NP problem can be (deterministic-polynomially) translated into it. "Philips did invent the CD" A refinement on the laserdisc. "Sun did invent Java" A refinement on C, C++, and Smalltalk. "Xerox did invent the GUI" A refinement on Doug Engelbart's work at SRI. (Edit: Though many of the researchers working for him later went to PARC, I find no evidence that Engelbart himself ever did.) Now here's the real question. If inventing a new type of laserdisc that's five inches wide is innovation, why isn't inventing a GUI-based computer system that costs half as much as a Star and a third as much as a Lisa? If inventing a new object oriented language with C style syntax is an innovation, why isn't inventing a smartphone with a multitouch screen and unprecedented amounts of storage space? D.B. Cooper. Allowing people the means to parachute from airliners only enables hijacking as a means of escape from the law. "Then why not have garlands of frag grenades hanging on the ceiling as part of every bank's security system?" Because that would have significant side effects. Since parachutes are pretty much useless on airliners anyway, no significant side effects from banning them. "As far as I can tell there's a vicious cycle going on in the game industry: they won't hire people who don't love games and aren't in it because they are super-passionate about making games." That's funny. The CS program at my school is filled with people who want to work in the game industry because they love games. I have the same reaction as you--just because playing games is fun doesn't imply making games is fun, and vice versa. Someone might loathe actually playing a game but have a real fun time writing the AI for it. So how do I opt out of the "social contract", unsubscribe from 911 and the postal service, and give up any protection I get from the police? Oh. I have to move to another country and accept their social contract, instead. I have to go out of my way and leave the land I was born in and the continent that my ancestors lived in for centuries before these governments were even established, and refusing to do so means I have "accepted" a social contract whose terms can change outside my control and against my most spirited resistance. I can accept an argument that voluntary human interaction does not scale well enough. I can accept an argument that we need institutional violence to keep a continent-wide civilization in order. I can accept an argument that the benefits of civilization outweigh the costs of this institutional violence. But don't pretend this state of affairs is voluntary. We are born into a system, raised knowing no other way for humans to live, made to recite pledges of allegiance in the classroom before we know the language well enough to understand what we are saying, and as adults, expected to obey arbitrary rules with no realistic recourse of change. And we are expected to believe that we freely chose the shape of the society we live in. Yes, you can vote. You can even assert your constitutional rights and try to convince five judges, rather than fifty million voters. But even then, the voters might vote to amend the constitution to take your rights away. So in reality you're always at the mercy of authority--be it the authority of the courts or the authority of the mob. When, exactly, in the Indian Wars did the tribes accept their social contract? Does the fact that your ancestors lost a war really constitute consent to the rule of the victorious government just because that government has conquered and subdivided your homeland? I'm well aware that blood has been shed to secure what little choice we have under this government. Blood has also been shed to force an entire race, under gunpoint, to live under this government against their will. And blood was also shed to take two steps forward and one step back--no more slavery, but on the other hand, if your entire state votes to opt out of the federal government, it gets burnt to the ground by General Sherman. There is no social contract. No one freely chose to live under government, though many of us do accept the status quo, and many more simply resign themselves to the belief that there is no alternative. We do have a society that seems to work acceptably, and that may outweigh the cost. Government seems necessary for civilization, and civilization is a wonderful thing. But voluntary? No, sir, it is not. (Edited) I don't understand why you're asking me that--I'm not the one arguing for parachutes. To be fair, once you start arguing against taxes you really have to have a really clever answer to one of the following three questions: * How do we voluntarily fund a government? * How do we have an anarchic civilization? * Are we willing to trade civilization for anarchy? In other words, the type of person who argues that taxation is theft either has to shrug and say it's a necessary evil, have really clever answers to your objections, or be an anarchist. The anarchist will shrug his shoulders and say "we shouldn't have a US government" and the "necessary evil" folks like me will shrug their shoulders and say "you're both right". "I don't find citing an unknown authority to "disprove" my arguments very helpful. It's a corollary argument to "proof by grad student"." With the clever exception that, unlike a grad student, Nozick's Anarchy, State, and Utopia is freely available from Amazon.com if you want to read the argument for yourself. Some points just are too long to fit in a comment post. For example, sometimes people link to Paul Graham essays when pg makes a point they can't restate any better. The parent post is similarly "linking" to a published book. That's one possibility. The other possibility: when we all shut up about Twitter, it won't because it's become an unconscious tool. It'll be because it's a long forgotten fad. "Government is not some exterior entity, it's the expression of the people at large." Perhaps collectively, in the same way that smog is the expression of motorists at large. But that doesn't mean any one has consented to it, especially when that government is on balance injurious to some group of people living inside of it. Link is a UK sales page for a book under this title. Admittedly, the book seems interesting. Your numbers are essentially right. Most hockey teams share the basketball stadium, though, and almost all soccer stadiums are shared. But stadium costs are rising: both the new Yankee Stadium and the new Cowboys Stadium cost over $1 billion. However, what makes your numbers very conservative (in terms of overestimating public costs) is that few stadia are fully funded by the public. Most of them are partially funded by the team or the league. (Amusing notes: Montreal's stadium, built for the Olympics and used by the Expos, cost 1.4 billion dollars, but .9 billion was in interest. The world's most expensive stadium, the new Wembley, cost 1.5 billion.) Perhaps, but the taxes are usually focused on tourism (hotel and auto rental taxes), which is the sector that is helped the most by new stadia. Also consider the loss of business that happens when a team leaves, such as when the Seattle Supersonics left for Oklahoma City. Even if there isn't a net gain for building a new stadium, there may be a local gain at another city's expense, such as between Seattle and Oklahoma City. This question was previously asked here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=640289 The federal government doesn't fund sports at all. Stadium subsidies are usually a municipal or state matter at best. Is vaksel trying to perform a controlled anthropological experiment here? Seeing what kind of restrained and intellectual discussions we have over here while Slashdot degenerates into penis jokes? You'll find that philosophers talk to each other in much the same way that programmers talk to compilers. Philosophers invent and define new terms all the time, try to make the most general true statement possible, and spend an interminable amount of time debugging each other's arguments. Speaking of mentioning the Morris worm, the YC partners page says the following of Morris: "In 1988 his discovery of buffer overflow first brought the Internet to the attention of the general public." Since the "don't click" style of interface is diametrically opposed to the very idea of selecting text to copy and paste (well, unless they rework it to use key commands from text editors) I have to screenshot and transcribe this from the site: "DONTCLICK.IT is the final artwork of the author's diploma in Communication Design at the University Essen-Duisburg, Germany." I was wondering who on earth would research user interfaces that diametrically oppose the instincts and conditioned behaviors of nearly all computer users. Now it suddenly makes sense. This isn't to say it isn't cool or interesting, but it seems awful in usability terms. "And before you argue that bailing out these towns is the wrong solution, try to remember that the world doesn't turn on a dime. Yes, a place like Youngstown, Ohio probably needs to find a way to survive without the GM plant. But they aren't going to diversify their economy overnight, and it isn't going to help them to let their primary employer die." How much can we afford to spend on people's romantic attraction to their home town? This country's had ghost towns appear when markets collapse and industries disappear before, it could stand to see that happen again. I happen to live in a college town where the second biggest employer (i.e. not the college) is hiring electronics assemblers every week, because it's in a growing market. Why can't a few people leave Michigan and move here? It's probably wrong to think about this in terms of Youngstown, Ohio surviving the death of GM. People can leave Youngstown. The startup is the business itself. A web app is an app on the web. Gmail is a web app, even though it's a product of a largish corporation. Windows Live is a collection of web apps made by a company that hasn't been a startup since the Altair was the hot new thing. Likewise, a startup doesn't have to be or use a web app. Loopt runs on cell phones. Hominids have been around for millions of years. Agriculture started 10,000 years ago but it wasn't until millennia after that until most of the human race lived in civilizations. So really, the effects of civilization on our biological evolution is negligible compared to the effects of hunting and gathering, isn't it? Evolution leaves a lot of cruft behind. It never refactors. Humans have fantastic pectoral muscles because we evolved from brachiating primates, for instance. It's no coincidence that human children hang from monkey bars or that we can stretch our arms far overhead and support ourselves hanging from them. That doesn't make it a title of nobility, especially since the government also grants things like military commissions, presidential medals of freedom, and appointments to high positions all the time, all of which are more similar to titles of nobility than university degrees. Either you're speaking metaphorically or you're pushing some crank theory, I can't tell which. Did you just make up that definition or do you have a citation? Because that definition isn't particularly useful: for instance, any elected or appointed office would then qualify as a "title of nobility"--a police officer has the legal privilege to execute warrants, detain people, and carry arms at the expense of the rest of the people (who must subsidize his training, equipment, operating expenses, and salary). That's not the constitutional definition by any means. Inventing a deliberately weak definition and declaring victory isn't an especially effective or honest debating tactic. ADD is pretty much the deepest evolutionary change that would have happened to humans post-agriculture. I'm not sure if lactose tolerance is genetic, or if it is the result of acidophilus symbiosis (or both?) Here's a couple other nitpicks: 1. Lots of white people have ADD 2. Lots of East Asians are descended from the Mongols, who were hunter-gatherers well into medieval times. The words may be the same, but the meaning is significantly different, and I have little interest in whatever sophistry you intend to pursue in order to support your crankish opinion that university degrees are unconstitutional. Incidentally, "nominate to an order of persons" is probably the operative text there, and is something that you probably neglected to include in your earlier definition. I do not think that Alabama court of a century ago, or indeed the drafters of the Constitution, intended university degrees to count as a title of nobility. Especially since many of them founded universities themselves. "AIUI East Asian means Chinese, Japanese and Korean, Vietnamese if you're really pushing it." All except Japan were within the Mongol empire mere centuries ago. All have significant genetic influence from the hunting/gathering Mongol hordes. Don't underestimate the genetic influence that nomadic tribes of horseback rapists can have when they conquer a continent. http://xkcd.com/169/ Communicating badly and then acting smug when you're misunderstood is not cleverness. Or, in other words (since you are no doubt preparing to quibble that you weren't acting particularly smug), the onus is on you to clearly communicate your argument, and using phrases like "titles of nobility were supposed to be abolished" and then not answering my objections about the Constitutional text that did, in fact, abolish titles of nobility impeded getting your point across, rather than helping. You give the distinct impression that you're blaming me for misunderstanding what you so poorly communicated in the first place. If your argument is simply that college degrees are anti-egalitarian, I will happily agree with you. But our society wasn't meant to be legally egalitarian in the first place. It had slavery. I'm also happy to point out that it's not possible to even have pure egalitarianism, which is one reason why meritocracy is so much better. (You will undoubtedly counter that reliance upon college degrees is not efficiently meritocratic, but see? Now we've got ourselves a truly interesting and worthwhile discussion.) There is also the alternate hypothesis that whenever I debunk your argument, you start pretending you meant something entirely different from the outset. But I am choosing to be charitable and assuming you simply miscommunicated what you meant in the first place. I tried to talk to you, but it turns out you consistently mean something different from what you say. For once, I'd like you to clearly and literally state, just once, what you're on about instead of going in circles. In particular, the onus is on you to clearly define what "legal egalitarianism" means, why college degrees violate that principle, and why we should care. That's an honest discussion. Trying to cleverly redefine terms like "nobility" isn't. The risk of war with China is not that great. China can't afford to lose their exports to the US, and the US can't afford to see what would happen if China flooded the market with their massive reserve of US dollars. How exactly do you want your kids to respond to bullies? Any solution that relies upon "implicitly trust authority" is even more flawed, because most bullies in the adult world operate under the color of authority, and while you won't get away with punching a pushy cop in the face, you do need the confidence to tell him to kindly get himself a warrant or leave you the hell alone. Sometimes, even adults in the real world need to physically defend themselves from criminals. This holds doubly true for women. If you're subjected to physical assault as an adult, you're totally helpless if physical self defense is outside your repertoire. So you denigrate a perfectly good solution that works while offering none of your own. In adult life, you have the legal right to physically confront burglars and drunken assholes on the street. It takes a degree of tactical judgment and skill to know how and when to confront them, but outright pacifism is wrong for two reasons: 1. It leaves you vitally incapable of handling emergencies. If someone breaks into my house, brandishing a shotgun isn't going to solve the problem completely, but it is going to ensure my immediate safety until the police arrive. 2. All you're doing is delegating the physical violence to someone else, which means "implicitly trust authority". In the school system, the authorities don't care. In real life, the authorities are the bullies more often than not. Your argument seems to be, "self defense doesn't always work, therefore it's useless." My argument is, "physical self defense, delegation to authority, situational avoidance, other tactics, and the ability to choose which of these tactics to employ works better than arbitrarily restricting yourself to a single tactic, or arbitrarily ruling out a single tactic." I wouldn't go toe to toe with a violent criminal if I had any better choice. But the bullies we face as kids in school halls do tend to yield rather easily to a bit of physical force. You just don't want them to actually defend themselves , ever. Responding to a schoolyard bully with a punch to the gut is one and the same as responding to a B&E with a shotgun. If you want your kids to do one but not the other, you're sending mixed messages. You don't respond to barroom bullies with a punch to the gut--you get the bouncer's attention. But that's tactical judgment. If you're in the schoolyard, getting a teacher's attention will just as often do nothing, and if it accomplishes anything it only makes the problem worse. It's more like a prison, where the wardens will allow all kinds of abuses happen without interfering. "Don't throw a punch, ever" is pacifist crap, not tactical judgment. I'm inclined to agree with you, but there are other bugs in the gold standard: -Gold rushes cause unpredictable, often high inflation. The Nevada silver rush proved bimetallism (a gold standard combined with a silver standard) untenable. -The lack of a gold rush causes deflation. -Actually useful goods (i.e. gold) are overloaded with value due to being legal tender. This causes inefficiencies, because if you actually need gold to use as a metal, you have to pay more because there's artificial demand for it. Likewise, an artificially high amount of capital and labor is invested in gold mining. This guy makes a market rate on the value of the bank repossessing the jet. Iraqi contractors make what the US Government is willing to pay defense contractors. That's the difference. It turns out that elegance of design and general usability concerns, combined with the need for new features, were more important than replicating every last feature of Mac OS 9 over the past decade. I've yet to encounter very many who actually like the gold standard, unless you're talking about self-trained "economists" who learned little more than a series of reasonable-sounding economic arguments for anarcho-capitalism. No. Suppose you pay a fresh college grad 50k. 70% more is 85k. But 70% less than 85k is 25.5k. So you would definitely pay the experienced guy 70% more. Steve Jobs would be pleased: http://www.folklore.org/StoryView.py?project=Macintosh&s... If I do enough coding late at night, I usually code review in my sleep and wake up knowing tons of things to change. I've learned to do my CS homework last thing before bed and wake up early enough to fix bugs. It's great money, but not good enough to swear an oath of celibacy for. Especially if you can just keep the same amount of money, find a spouse who makes a few dozen kilodollars of their own, and then not be so lonely. It's not a zero interest loan, is it? Lending is the most common form of investment, and it's comparatively safe. Equity investment is what's risky and dangerous (unless you get into junk bonds, or lending to bankrupt companies). In my youth (which was like...1 or 2 years ago) I used the far more naive "I'm not sure" or "I don't know" instead of "I'd Google it", and responded to the follow-up "So how would you find out?" question with some vague account of my research method (which included Google). It turns out that a lot of problems require far more specific researching skills, say, if you're writing code to automate some type of proprietary system that Google knows nothing about. How do I automate a functional test? I talk to the people who run the test manually. How do I learn how to do this and that with a given box? I talk to the engineers who designed it. "I'd google it" is the wrong, right answer. It's the right answer because you should have some ability to research things you don't know. It's wrong because there's no way Google will teach you what you need to know. Sometimes you need to read a book or make an appointment with an engineer in the other building, or run controlled experiments. "Only teams with all team members being U.S. Citizens traveling from within the Continental U.S. can win the DC3 Forensics Challenge." They don't trust Hawaiians? That's nothing new, many infectious diseases evolve every year, which is why we need a new flu shot, the common cold can't be cured, and staph becomes MRSA sending pharmaceuticals on an arms race just to keep hospitals sterile. The real lower bound is the number of generations, and that number ( Another logical gambit is the observation that it's totally legal, in most states, to look at a naked 16 year old in person. Or to actually have intercourse with her. "I don't think undergrads ever do anything substantial (as part of their official coursework, that is)." Really? I've heard of: -Systems programming: Implement ext2. -Operating systems: Write a kernel. -Compilers: Write a compiler for a C-like language. and that's at my school alone. Though 2 of those are senior level classes, systems is a junior level class. I just assumed that's how CS was done everywhere. Want to learn about (foo)s? Write a foo! "For internal development you have a wide variety of options. Java is quite good and very popular among those who consider the option of not running their wares under Windows. The only way Mono can appeal to Windows-only houses is by making it possible to run unmodified (and proprietary) products that run under Windows on other platforms." I'm working at a Windows-only house with internally built .NET apps. Mono is definitely part of our long term plans to run these apps on other platforms. "Potential Customers Reached: Based on this Harris survey which states that 89% of people in the United States have cell phones, Verizon Wireless is reaching at least 4.3 million potential customers. However, this number is most likely higher since NHL fans are younger and more tech savvy (and therefore more likely to use cellphones)." It's most likely lower because: 1. Many people are locked into cell phone plans with other providers. 2. V-Cast is not a compelling service due to poor price-performance. You know, over on the less puritanical continent, actual nude models have been elected to high offices. Hell, I seem to remember seeing Arnold naked in the Terminator movies and he still got himself elected Governor of California. Because Zak just said it (clearly and understandably), and you tried to convey it through a vague and not-especially-funny witticism. You also complained about getting downmodded, which is why you're at 0 here. This kind of attitude (some third party with absolutely no business butting in deciding what is or isn't an "acceptable" way for another human being to express their sexuality) is exactly what got these kids into this legal mess. "TV and the web don't really compare yet. Not in quality, not in the viewing experience(can't really watching anything with more than 1 person)" Internet vs. cable TV: -Hulu: 480p. Cable TV: Not unless you have digital cable or HD. But that costs money. So does iTunes, but iTunes has HD. If you really want free HD, hit BitTorrent. Tie. -Timing: TV is either live or DVR'd (asynchronous with use of your own equipment). Internet is completely asynchronous, starting a few hours after the TV (BitTorrent) to the next day (legal services). -Viewing experience: TV can only be viewed on a TV receiver. The internet, and downloaded videos, can be viewed on anything from an iPhone to a notebook to a 22 inch TFT right next to the couch in a tiny studio apartment to a 72 inch HDTV. But hooking your MacBook up to a 72 inch HDTV may not be for everyone (though it's only as difficult as knowing how to hook the right cables the right way). And each book had three chapters about Marxist-Leninist theory at the beginning! Heh, one of my Windows annoyances is the inability to drag windows from any edge except the top, since dragging from anywhere else either rearranges toolbars or resizes the window. If you right-click (or two-finger click) on a Dock icon it brings up a mini-menu, but I don't know if any of these include "New Window". It varies by app. Newer Mac OS X versions don't tend to be any slower than older versions, though. But I definitely agree with you when it comes to Windows. This is why it's vitally important that photos and videos are getting out. Anyone can tweet that the Basij are shooting people, but photos of bloody corpses in the streets are evidence enough. Also, some accounts are more reliable than others to follow. "Why would anyone choose to ingest powerful pharmaceuticals if they could experience significant improvements simply by believing that homeopathy works?" Because if you want to perpetuate a widespread belief that homeopathy works, you have to require an equally widespead ignorance of how real chemistry works. Then, to have a modern civilization at all, you have to also have an elite that does understand how real chemistry works. I'm sure you can understand how much of a problem this is going to become. The user who wants his phone to just work without having to launch process monitors all the time would probably get a worse experience if multitasking was done wrong. The iPhone, with rare exception, obeys the UI convention that leaving an app closes the app rather than leaving it running in the background. The exceptions to that (Phone and iPod) indicate at the top of the screen that they're still running in the background. OK, so third party apps could have that too. But once you start adding taskbars and process monitors to the phone, you still lose something. The placebo effect only works if you have a false belief, though, and spreading false beliefs is generally something to be avoided. Yes, but "we're trying to shut down all means of communication within and out of Iran, but those damned Americans are trying to keep Twitter up" is a hard propaganda message to pull off. Given Germany's prohibition on Nazi expression, it seems likely this will also be used, in the near future, to block white supremacists. Indeed: Ahmadinejad's supporters have released photoshopped images showing that the rallies supporting the regime are bigger than they are in reality. Trick photography was used for a similar affect by the US in Baghdad. However, it will remain difficult to have multiple corroborating photographs of the same event that all match up. Making the truth match up is easy, but making forged videos and photos consistent when lots of separate people are releasing them is hard because it's hard to keep lies of any kind consistent without the liars being in cahoots. Which means that reports from random people are probably more reliable than journalists or governments. Governments and news organizations can collaborate on a lie better than mobs. "Water vapor is responsible for 95% of the greenhouse effect, yet somehow it is never brought up in global warming discussions. Why is this?" Because the water vapor isn't what's increasing, except as an effect of the warming trend caused by higher CO2 concentration. "I subscribe to the theory of giant ball of nuclear fire leads to warmer temperatures -> increase in ocean temperatures -> release of dissolved CO2 & increase in water vapor -> greater greenhouse effect" Care to explain why the sun progressively got hotter in a way that strongly correlates with the release of CO2 since the Industrial Revolution? In the gerontocracy that is government bureaucracy and politics, pretty much. Presidents like Obama, Kennedy, and Teddy Roosevelt were "young", even "too young", just because they're in their 40's rather than their 50's or 60's. 46-year-old vice president Dan Quayle was a "kid", too. I don't think there's a single senator or governor under 35, and barely any congressmen. Likewise with the Cabinet and upper level advisors. Don't expect anyone under 35 years old to have any impact in the government at all, ever. Basically, "biological" describes a system that works decently, and which has grown through incremental changes, and yet is a poorly architected mess inside. It describes something that appears to be great from the way it works and the way it looks on the outside, even if the internals are a mess that require 10 years of schooling and residency to fully understand and maintain ;) The value of Steve's life is incalculable, even priceless, but the value of his continued tenure at Apple indeed has a dollar value. This is what the stock market is concerned about. The problem is that 10 is not an especially divisible number. It only divides evenly by 2 and 5. English measurements have lots of 12's and 60's and so forth not out of malice, but so we can precisely determine what 1/3 or 1/4 of a foot is without using decimals. Likewise, Fahrenheit temperatures are perfect for weather since the 0-100 scale consistently matches the spectrum from "especially cold day" to "especially hot day". Your comment reminds me of how much the stock market (supposedly) used to rise and fall based upon the thickness of Alan Greenspan's briefcase. If Steve dies or retires, that's a risk to Apple. If he lives and works, that's a benefit. And the stock market relentlessly uses all information they can. The kind of private stuff you're talking about? That's insider trading, and that's why it's illegal for, say, Steve's doctor to short Apple stock based upon his medical examinations of Steve. You're probably right, at least for most things. But justifying the English system is still worthwhile, if only to better understand its rationale in the first place. I still maintain that Fahrenheit is an exceptionally good temperature scale for weather, though. It's beautifully simple. It does, if you think it does. "A single payer would have a huge advantage in negotiating drug prices." If that single payer is the US Government, expect the same US Government pattern. The system will be gamed to maximize cashflow from US tax dollars to crony corporations. That's the rationale behind Medicare today and that's the rationale behind downsizing the military and hiring back the soldiers we just downsized as mercenaries. That's the rationale behind corn ethanol subsidies. So drug prices (to the government) go up, but drug prices (to the consumer) drop to some arbitrary low level. What do you think will happen then? People will use more prescription drugs. Now the cost to society is even higher, because the inflated subsidies (which in more honest terms might be called "kickbacks") by the government combined with the total lack of spending discipline on the part of the consumer result in an even higher increase to the tax burden and the federal deficit. Which must be dealt with in some way (taxation or inflation) that makes us all a bit poorer. It is a fallacy to assume that individuals make perfectly rational economic decisions on behalf of themselves, but it's closer to the truth than supposing that governments make perfectly rational economic decisions on behalf of the people at large. "United States population is growing at almost the same rate as India. We also have a new immigrant population every year." There's no "also" to it. Reproduction of those already inside the US is below replacement rates. Immigration is our only source of population growth. It depends. I might listen to ambient or trance when I'm working because it's designed to fit in the background, or I'm not interested in listening to it as music. But when I'm not working I listen to a lot more prog rock or metal. Or prog metal. Debating the validity of Iran's election results at this juncture is kind of like worrying about whether Caesar is too ambitious after he's already crossed the Rubicon. Shooting peaceful people to death in the streets and cutting off any means for the outside world to learn about these atrocities tells us all we need to know about the Khamenei/Ahmadi regime. How does that follow? Would anyone worth consideration seriously believe this government is legitimate even if the election wasn't fixed? What sane person says, "oh, they've shot dozens of people to death and tried to cover it up, but at least they didn't rig an election"? The regime had their chance to relent, and they only cracked down. It's not up to them anymore. I never thought Fake Steve Jobs was that good. Among other details, I refuse to believe that Steve Jobs' reaction to the backdating "scandal" would be anything other than annoyance at how his time and attention was wasted on it, but FSJ worked it up to be this huge melodramatic depressive period. But whatever fun there was in the blog was ruined when it turned out this guy was just another business journalist. Then it suddenly clicked that he couldn't get into Steve's head well enough to pull off the character. After that revelation, the flaws in his characterization became even more apparent--ah, that's why Fake Steve Jobs is commenting vividly on things that are fascinating to tech industry journalists but probably beneath the real Steve Jobs' notice. "(b) Detroit auto companies have historically been very profitable." Have you ever heard that phrase, "past returns not a guarantee of future returns"? To Detroit it applies triply. Autos are no longer a growth industry, the US auto market is no longer free of foreign competition, foreign customers are no longer interested in US-made cars, and the union-guaranteed benefits to Detroit autoworkers are no longer financially sustainable. My first instinct is to add test Z. Since Y correlates well with X, Z would provide more information. But if Y is correlated to X, that might indicate something about its sensitivity. It's not so simple as you make it out to be. The Iranian government is a complex mix of democracy and theocracy. If enough mullahs and enough of the populace are turned against Khamenei and Ahmadinejad, Khamenei and Ahmadinejad will fall. The murder of Neda Agha-Soltan, and any murders that follow hers, will turn more mullahs and more common Iranians than a fixed election ever would. (Everyone thought the elections were fixed anyway. That's how Ahmadi got elected the first time--the reformists boycotted the election.) Tom Anderson doesn't even run the "Tom" account. In fact, Tom's entire identity on the site is mostly fictitious, complete with a falsified age. He's pretty much a figurehead, all they're paying him for is to avoid making any negative press about "MySpace fires Tom" or something like that. It's more that FSJ pretty badly mischaracterized Steve, but the flaws were easier to shrug off when I couldn't easily pin down why in particular he was mischaracterized that particular way. "Try not to talk about the weather as this usually raises a "red flag", ie I really want to talk to you but dont know how." This varies depending on the region. If you live somewhere with interesting enough weather (i.e. eastern Washington) it's always a topic of discussion. (in June) "Did you see the snow this morning? That was crazy!" (in July) "Man, it's 100 degrees out. Can you believe it snowed last month?" From here, it seems like Russia hasn't quite gotten how democracy works yet. Which is fine--maybe democracy doesn't work for Russia. But Iran's a more promising case. I hope you'll agree that there's another moral principle at play here: don't shoot peaceful people to death in the streets. I couldn't care less about elections when a government stoops to that. That's a poor metaphor, because turbulence is an environmental condition. Of course saying there's turbulence when the plane is no longer stable is a lie. Humans are naturally biphasic, but more in the 6-7 hours + .5-1 hours range. Which is why some cultures have a midday siesta. Famous people who actually slept biphasically include Winston Churchill, who was by all accounts energetic, hardworking, and did not sleep that much overall. Probably because in 1904, there wasn't a standardized "investigate a popular eccentric's scientific claims" process enshrined in the bureaucracy. Aside from claustrophobes, this might work alright. But it would require a lot of material, and it would have to look good, because people like beds that are made out of nice looking wood. And it's expensive building a roomy king-size coffin out of maple ;) Yeah, there's probably enough of a niche market for unconventional beds that making them out of conventional materials isn't the best solution. In theory, yes. In practice, they never seem to test people for alcoholism even though that's likely to be more highly correlated to job performance than recreational use of cannabis. It's mostly an exercise in, "we are a government contractor at some point in our business, and some regulation requires us to help enforce anti-drug laws". I hope not. Our descendants should hopefully live in a world where everyone recognizes that we are all human beings. I don't think it will ever be prudent to say What You Can't Say publicly, but a little bit of humanity will be allowed. And lionhearted would have been fined for reporting a false emergency. Meanwhile, crazy homeless guy gets off scot free. I contributed to Wikipedia for years and was fairly involved in it. This is the main reason I got out. It's permeated the culture too deeply. The worst part is, that's the only real part of the culture that's stuck, since the project grew too fast to fully indoctrinate everyone into the culture. Hence the frequent civil wars on Wikipedia. But then you run into the question about sweatshops that no one wants to ask: if it sucks so much to work in a sweatshop, why do these people willingly do so? Answer: the alternative is even worse. Deflation may be the "normal state of affairs when the Government isn't inflating the currency", but that doesn't mean it isn't a problem. And that's a flawed description of affairs. Deflation is more specifically the normal state of affairs when the government enforces a legal tender law on a scarce, slow-growing currency such as gold. It doesn't happen when the currency is fast-growing, like silver was in the late 19th century, or like tobacco was during the colonial period. And it doesn't happen in a barter system. The establishment of the gold standard was a major political effort that was only accomplished by the McKinley administration around the turn of the 20th century (having been preceded with an even less tenable system of bimetallism that finally collapsed due to the Nevada silver rush). As for whether deflation is a problem, deflation disincents both investment and spending, which means in a very real way that deflation disincents economic growth. The situation you describe would also be possible only with a return to the gold standard, which would effectively price gold out of any kind of industrial use--something that would have negative economic repercussions in itself, and which would likely cause extremely high rates of deflation in the future. We're going to need all the wind power we can get, so this definitely helps. But it also complicates the problem of power transmission, and requires selling new technology to a power industry that is very conservative and slow to adopt changes. Wind farms, for all their innovation, are just parked somewhere and hooked up through a generation transformer into the distribution system. This would require re-engineering the distribution system, something that's already more "smart" and complicated than most people think. I like the idea, but am inclined to complain that I'm a programmer, not a used car salesman. "The power industry is slow to adopt change for a reason, that being a conventional power plant may have a lifespan of over 50 years." There's also the slight issue that the system seems to work acceptably well, and if you change it, you risk jeopardizing that. Conservatism is a rather rational, effective strategy for systems that require high reliability. Also, adding more production sites is less of a risk than changing the transmission system. If a newfangled power plant doesn't work, there are other sources of power to draw from. Worst-case scenario is a power shortage. If you fuck with the transmission system, you risk creating new types of faults, in addition to needing to replace or recalibrate your substation equipment along the line. And if the transmission system goes down for an appreciable period of time, you get unplanned, uncontrolled, uncontrollable blackouts. And then the CEO has to try to explain why exactly he crashed the power grid by installing some type of hippie-shit wind turbines to the transmission lines. I'm not saying it's a bad idea or that it can't be done. I'm saying it'll be a hard sell, the same way digital protective relays were a hard sell when they were invented in the 80's. People in free countries and celebrities, usually. In that case, cosmetic surgery would be just like dying your hair, which is extremely commonplace. The problem about bribing tin-pot dictators is that you're not always the highest bidder. Mild deflation is better than runaway deflation just as mild inflation is better than runaway inflation. But it seems that mild inflation is actually better than mild deflation. I'm not impressed by think tanks: they come up with the conclusion first and the reasoning second. Everyone thinks it's cool to live in a neighborhood where your neighbors blast hip-hop all hours of day and night until they have to sleep. Everyone thinks MySpace is cool until your browser crashes or slows down, or you strain your eyes reading yellow on orange, or you hear the first 3 seconds of some crappy hip hop song that clashes with what you already have playing on iTunes. Sadly, Facebook isn't dull and sterile anymore. I can't spend a minute there without someone asking me to join their mafia or pushing some dumb "which care bear are you" quiz on me when I just want to chill out and exchange messages with my friends and comment on my fruit smoothie this morning. I know, I just thought it was a lot better before it became a platform for third party apps, and when it had built in features that were useful to the college student core community (like registering which classes you had and searching for other students in your section). Mixing doesn't create diversity, it eliminates it as people gravitate towards a common basis of law and culture. Entire languages are either extinct or spoken only by small fringe minorities thanks to cultures mixing together in the same country (or even the same nation-state, or previous membership in the same nation-state as in the case of Eire). And it turns out that having separate countries protects cultural diversity too. What's the law in a country shared between people who have polygamous traditions and people who have a tradition where only monogamy is allowed? I've been subjected to this and it was quite amusing. The fun part is not knowing when or if it'll happen to you. On the Tufte note: for example, the pie charts are askew in some 3D angle, distorting the proportions of the slices. This looks cool but is uninformative. And have linguistics as a heavily involved uncle. In America, knowing someone's SSN, date of birth, address, and a few other pieces of information (mother's maiden name?) are enough to get credit in their name, break into their bank accounts, and perform other forms of malfeasance. It's a really bad system. Because photographing infants is not an especially good ID technique. You can get a US Passport or state driver's license, and that usually has its own ID number on it and a photo, but that doesn't help your SSN. Yes but those generally require more than a birth certificate to get as well. Also you can get a state ID card if you're not licensed to drive, with generally similar ID requirements. But they may vary by state. It may be funny, but it doesn't add much of anything to the conversation. It's a rare joke that gets upmodded around here, but if it happens, it happens because it's also insightful and reveals something novel. There's nothing "novel" about "Google takes a long time to take things out of beta", which is why it's neither a good joke nor a good HN comment. In contrast, Paul Graham says a lot of funny things without even consciously trying because his essays are usually insightful enough to stumble across some surprising truths. Also, complaints about being downmodded are usually, in turn, downmodded themselves. It's like a bottomless pit of negative karma for narcissists who care too much about the value of some integer on the YC webserver :) EDIT: I'm not exceptionally interested in debating this. You seemed to not understand why you were modded down, and I explained.I don't really know you and have nothing against you, so I'm sorry if this seemed personal or hurtful. Not enough information here. How important is the startup to you? Is it a lifelong dream of yours to have and run your own business doing what you love or is it just a vehicle for you to cash out on your talents at a young age? How about your relationship? Do you live together? (That can be helpful, but it can also lead to distractions and high levels of non-quality time together.) If not, how often do you see each other? What is your girlfriend's life like? Does she have outside interests and projects, or just a day job and you? How much attention does she need from you? How do the two of you communicate? How difficult would it be for you to get another girlfriend? How much does this one share in your dreams and ambitions for yourself? I don't expect you to spill your guts on this stuff, but you have to get a lot more personal than this if you want any confident answers. But, it's important to consider these things. In general terms, though, any life decision that commits you to more than a day job and a little bit of outside activity is something you definitely need to communicate with your partner about, if you value them and the relationship. This includes having children, joining the Navy, taking night classes, or founding a startup. It is moral relativism, but what of it? Unless you take it on blind faith there's no real appeal to moral absolutism, either. If you don't get on with someone well enough to run a business with them, you don't get on with them well enough to have a serious relationship, either. Ever hear of the mom-and-pop store? Couples, even married couples, have been running businesses together for centuries. My parents owned and ran businesses together. In fact, "can I run a small business with this person" isn't a bad question to ask yourself about a potential life partner :) On the edit, you're making it sound like the startup is your project that she is "involved" in. That's not right--either you, her, and cofounder #3 (presumably) all have a startup together, or you have a startup and you tried to rope her into working for you. She probably feels resentful that she can't get you involved in her projects. Also, it sounds like she's gearing up to leave you anyway, so it's probably too late to ask these questions. It does. But you don't get risk without reward. If she sticks with you even if your business failed and you're both broke and need to get day jobs again, she's a keeper ;) My parents owned and ran two businesses together, but they never got rich. But it wasn't a bad way to live, and they definitely saw more of each other than they would have with day jobs. Though to be fair, they also had my dad's retired pay from the military, which mitigated a lot of risks and meant they'd never be truly broke. "You don't have to write resumes that sound like robots wrote them." It depends on the company--at many, robots are going to read my resume, so why shouldn't a robot write my resume? This is true, but it's also rather inescapable. Say you have a gold standard, for instance. The price of gold would rise based upon faith in the country that backs gold currency. Likewise, the price of gold drops when a country goes off the gold standard. The economy doesn't lie, even when the government does things like declare legal tender. Declaring something to be legal tender, even fiat currencies, gives them economic value until it doesn't anymore. That's a colloquialism, not a typo. Many "philosophy folk" are very comfortable with the type of logical argument that leads us to the conclusion that 0.999... == 1, and most of the others will defer the question to mathematicians. I guess my (married) parents crossed that line when they started running businesses together, but I'd guess that lots of business partnerships cross that line, too. How many husbands and wives run shops or restaurants or other small businesses? If you work a day job, you're alienated from your labor and under the rule of bosses. That's the situation where you separate your home life and your love life from your work. But don't carry this mentality out of its natural and proper environment into the world of running your own business. The gold standard requires faith there isn't going to be a major unregulated discovery of new gold reserves in the near future. This was actually a problem with silver in the late 19th century (hence why we are on a gold standard and not bimetallism). It also requires faith that a government with significant gold reserves won't sell them all off. Except it's not the life mission of every gay person in the world to fix everyone's prejudices about gay people. It's exceptional and brave when someone does (not that it's exceptional and brave to come out of the closet, but it's exceptional and brave to go around fixing other people's bigotry). People do not usually share a bedroom with anyone they are not having sex with after college. Dorms are a rather unusual situation in that respect. Even sharing an apartment with people you don't get on with can be a problem in terms of generating conflict. Roommate stress (especially for introverted conflict-avoidant people like me) is only a negative thing in the context of being a serious student. It's an essential thing to avoid. The problem is, the statistics are very interesting just because we do live in a non-colorblind world. We're never going to live in any kind of idealized fantasy world where race and sex are irrelevant, so pretending that they are is ignorant of reality. Well, that's the optimistic outcome. The pessimistic outcome is that the gay child gets disinherited, the gay friend loses a close friend, and so forth. The media's job isn't to "set an example", it's to report things as they are. As things are, people vote differently based upon sex and race, because they have different experiences and viewpoints and stations in life due to sex and race. Even when all the candidates are white males, black people tend to vote for the white male that supports affirmative action and civil rights over the white male who does not. Every single time I've installed Windows I've spend literally hours downloading and installing updates. Microsoft never seems to get the idea of rolling their myriad updates into a giant bundle update any more often than the annual service packs. So even when I need to install like 20 software updates on Mac OS X, it's all one or two passes rather than installing 200 in five passes. I just lost the game. I don't see how this should pose problems to non-materialists. There's no reason the image can't be formed in the brain before or during transmission to the immaterial mind, for instance. I'm not a dualist by any stretch but to claim this as evidence for materialism is mistaken. Be that as it may, the objective thing to do is still to report differences between voting populations based upon race and sex, because those differences do actually exist. You're right, but the intersection between that population and the population of university graduates is, I'd imagine, fairly low. And there are differences in race relations across the spectrum of economic classes. According to the article, he's tried using that filter to no avail. I wonder what happens when the GPS miscalculates which road I'm on and cuts my speed limiter to 25 MPH on the freeway. Why don't businesses disable automatic updates and distribute patches through their IT departments? Why do I have to suffer for their requirements? That's actually quite surprising, as I assumed it had to do with Microsoft's hardware support requirements. Windows has to support any arbitrary set of x86 hardware, whilst Apple can roll together OS updates because they only have to support a limited set of Macs. Average 4 to a household is fairly high. A lot of single adults get food stamps. Also, food stamps are a variable, income-based benefit. If you make money you can still get a couple dozen dollars a month for food, and if you make less you can get a hundred or so. It's rare that you get a lot from it. The thing that amuses me about anarcho-capitalism is that the state seems vitally necessary for capitalism to work. Without a powerful government institutionalizing and enforcing property rights, markets don't work (cf. Hernando de Soto). In anarchy, you might have one voluntary "enforcement agency" trying to enforce anarcho-capitalist property rights, but an entirely separate voluntary "enforcement agency" trying to enforce a socialist conception of property rights, and various other gangs just mucking shit up. The only sustainable form of capitalism-in-the-large requires government. At this stage, it probably requires fiat currency, vast amounts of land, urbanization, and serious attention to environmental concerns as well. (By "sustainable" I mean in every sense: in terms of resources, ecology, economics, and technology.) I used to be a libertarian. I'm still in favor of small governments and market economics, but I'm far more pragmatic about it. And I have no interest in trying to build some aquatic libertopia. EDIT: Heh, some good parts. "tight communal living can be stressful, but residents of places such as Antarctica stations already find a way to muddle through" Tight communal living is a little collectivist for the target market here, eh? "Why not just do it: build a version of the world you want to live in. Then you get to live in it, regardless of whether anyone else is convinced it’s proper or makes sense." For most people, the world we want to live in has a lot more to do with weather, landscape, profession, and community than it has to do with politics. California's politics are pretty crap, but it's still a popular place to live because everything else is pretty nice. "Isn't it ironic that the state as an enforcer of property rights is also a violator of property rights?" Indeed. I don't see any hope for having a non-state enforcer that's anywhere near as effective though, since there would also be a lot of non-state Robin Hoods running around getting into gun battles with any non-state enforcers. "Why do you need fiat currencies? Gold has been around as a currency for longer than fiat currencies backed by nothing." Gold was backed by fiat just as much as paper money. The fact that it's useful for noncorrosive electrical conductors and dental work had nothing to do with its suitability as a currency--it's just as arbitrary as cloth-paper renderings of dead presidents. It is, however, rather difficult to control. This has benefits and drawbacks. Going back to a gold standard would (in the case of a big country) price gold out of the market for any other purpose. In the case of a small country, anyone could screw you over by selling gold reserves (but even big countries would be vulnerable to this). There are also impacts on lending and other business activities that mean that, in a competitive climate, a deflationary currency would have problems competing. (spoiler warning) This is the old joke interview with Stroustrup where he admits C++ was only invented as a plot to increase programmer salaries by making programming more difficult than it had to be. It should be pointed out that Stroustrup never gave this interview, and that it is a parody. Depending on the rate of globalization and how sustainable our use of natural resources are by then, we may indeed be facing a population decline by the time life extension comes out. This seems incredible, but rich countries have much lower birthrates than poor countries. So if globalization turns poor countries into rich countries, it will solve the overpopulation problem and move the world below replacement rate. The economic benefit to life extension is that you can work longer. If life extension works the way we think it will (by reducing the aging process), then it will also extend physical youth, giving us more productive years without the loss of productivity over time that comes with age (but with the gain in productivity over time that comes with experience and wisdom!) Finally, it won't mean immortality, because it'll only fix old age . People will still die from suicide, homicide, and accident. Since there is a non-zero probability of these things happening to someone, the life expectancy will be more of an expected value than an expiration date, with some people dying at 1, some at 100, and some at 1000. It'll still be possible for people to have kids. This will probably lead people to adopt an extremely risk-averse culture, and things like casual sex and automobiles will be the first to go. (The risk of dying in childbirth may be high enough to reduce birth rate in such a culture.) That, combined with a slower rate of generational replacement, will cause a very conservative culture in total. "You can drive a Mack truck through that over-generalization." Can you? Oddly enough, the only capitalisms we've seen in history are states, and the only anarchies we see are...well, places like Somalia. "Some kind of collective enforcement of property rights and contract law might be required, but that's so far from a modern state it's not funny." But it is, however, a state. Development economics shows us that institutions of some sort are necessary. None of the examples you gave were ultimately sustainable. At the least you'd need an authoritative record of who owns what--and with multiple private defense agencies each having their own record, there will be disagreements. Instead of property rights we'd have civil wars. But fundamentally, we agree--you're not an anarcho-capitalist. And I think we agree that a lot of what the government does is unhelpful. Still, registering property rights and having the power to enforce them is such a fundamental role it's easy to forget. It would seem that, over a period of time, these "competing interests" came to dominate their own patches of land. And then the more powerful ones conquered their neighbors. Over time, the nation-state developed. "Let's start all of political history over again, except with nuclear weapons and machineguns" is not a promising argument to me. That's not the argument an-caps are making, but if you take what you said to its logical conclusion, it's that. I like how no one cites employment figures for engineers and programmers in these articles. That's going to be the future employment prospects for men in the long term. I would not see health care as a safe industry right now, what with the uncertainty of reform looming over our heads and what appears to be a bubble in health care in any case. Yet with job growth in healthcare, government, and education, the trend to notice isn't men and women, it's government and market. Government jobs, and jobs in highly regulated industries, seem safer at the moment than jobs in the market. Which is to be expected when government spending rises in an economic downturn. If we see recovery soon, this short term trend will reverse itself and all this will be forgotten. But if we deepen into a depression, the other shoe will eventually drop once the federal government reaches a debt crisis. Then women (and, in fact, everyone in government/gov. regulated jobs) will be in the same boat. Neither outcome will really sustain this trend. Article consists of a 54 year old man glamorizing physical media in comparison to digital media. I may live in a world where I no longer have the fun of meticulously organizing my album collection or noticing cute girls reading smart books on the transit system, but at least I'll be able to pack a hard drive and a couple gadgets with me instead of a whole U-Haul full of books and records whenever I want to move. As someone who's moved ten times in six years and wouldn't mind moving some more in the future, I don't mind reducing my data to a more efficient physical form. I don't know if I should be sad or grateful that Billy Mays did not live to see this day. Most American men don't have the inclination or desire to become engineers or programmers, but cultures have changed due to economic pressures in the past. In terms of ability, the population of potential engineers is very underutilized in the US thus far. If we fixed education in this country we'd have a higher population of potential engineers, but we tried that after Sputnik and it didn't stick. I don't think all men will become engineers or programmers, but many more will have to in the long run. I am picking up a self-congratulatory feminist tone in some articles about the downtick in men's fortunes in this recession, but not this one, and it was distracting from my main point. I appreciate your pointing that out. I'm not sure about automation (it seems unlikely to automate creative work) but offshoring, in the long run, won't eliminate jobs because there isn't a limited, set number of creative work that can be done. In my experience it's much less than it used to be--people sharing their AIM screen names, for instance, have almost universally stopped doing so, and physical addresses have disappeared too. Most people even lie about their relationship status. Some victims deserve blame. It's the rare con job that plays on our virtues and wisdom rather than our stupidity and baser desires. It probably doesn't hurt that they're also getting PR as a "case study of how to build a hit iPhone game" to keep interest up among those of us who, like me, hadn't heard of them before. Somehow the anecdotes of Ballmer throwing chairs and threatening to "fucking kill" Google run counter to your speculation. Either Microsoft is getting worked up over a non-threat or Google is more dangerous than you think. I remember watching the documentary. In a lot of companies, the CEO's office is at the corner of some mid-rise or high-rise office building, overlooking New York or something. We all know the Sears Tower, and Woolworth had an innovative skyscraper in their day. Wal-Mart's Bentonville headquarters is a small, unremarkable office building, and their CEO has a small first floor office with a view of the parking lot. "Only problem: We may not have jobs for them all." Bullshit. Engineers and programmers are among the few professions who can create their own jobs, plus some. Where do people think these employers came from in the first place? There's no shortage of opportunities for someone to invent a new product and build a company around it, and inventors are often engineers. Article describes a DARPA robot that powers itself by gathering and fueling itself from biomass. This is apparently an approach to energy-autonomous recon robots (harvest grasses and plants where it goes) that has amusingly terrifying connotations when you consider the mental image of a chainsaw-wielding robot capturing and devouring, say, people. It seems that DARPA, which once built things that seemed like the fevered imaginations of a 14 year old boy, is now building things that seem like the fevered imaginations of a 7 year old boy. David Langford's Three Laws: 1. A robot will not harm authorized Government personnel but will terminate intruders with extreme prejudice. 2. A robot will obey the orders of authorized personnel except where such orders conflict with the Third Law. 3. A robot will guard its own existence with lethal antipersonnel weaponry, because a robot is bloody expensive. (Langford is an SF writer. You might know him from his "basilisk" stories--if not, go read them sometime.) It doesn't help when the whole society is pushing against you. From birth we're the members of institutions, but never the founders of them. And some aren't interested in taking the risk. But enough do it that we carry on. I don't think it rises to that level, but tedunangst and gojomo are both right in that imprudent user behavior was a necessary condition of this happening. When you disassemble the gif it doesn't change direction at all. It's genuinely an ambiguous image. Different people viewing the same animation have different "starting" directions of rotation, too. One of these things is not like the other. The AIG bailout was emergency spending to prevent economic collapse. It wasn't an ongoing policy initiative. You can argue over whether it's effective or efficient but it's not anything like the cancer budget. That's like saying that, because of the aid after Katrina, building housing and infrastructure on the Gulf Coast is a policy priority. Yes, there are ways the government could have mitigated or prevented both of these disasters (funding upgrades to the New Orleans levee system, doing a better job at regulating the finance industry, not encouraging homeownership), but you can't compare priorities by comparing emergency spending to ordinary spending. Remember, Congress is incompetent , not evil. They probably didn't anticipate that trillion dollar bailouts would be part of the cost of their policies. Are you trying to spin a conspiracy theory that the government intentionally created the recession? I think it's far more reasonable to assume that the government is incompetent. There are plenty of government policies (I count agriculture, defense, and healthcare) that seem designed to funnel taxpayer money to crony corporations. But engineering the collapse of AIG, GM, and the investment banks simply to nationalize them seems outside the competence of the federal government. Yes, but we were talking about priorities, not failure. If it wasn't your intention to disagree with me I apologize for the misunderstanding. "Just tell me it’s not Google," Ballmer reportedly said according to court documents (for a case surrounding another Google ex-Microsoft hire). When Lucovsky said it was Google, Ballmer allegedly picked up a chair and threw it across the room. What he apparently said next, will live on forever in Internet history. "Fucking Eric Schmidt is a fucking pussy. I’m going to fucking bury that guy, I have done it before, and I will do it again. I’m going to fucking kill Google." Anyone else remember the old TNT made-for-TV movie Pirates of Silicon Valley? This kind of melodrama always reminds me of it. It's a great first step to hiring. But I'm surprised that he didn't have any university graduates pass--the problem itself is a freshman-level bozo test used to apply the concept of a stack. The rest (log in to ssh and install a CGI script) is a set of useful skills that any competent programmer could (hopefully) teach themselves within the timespan of the problem. If you only have 3 out of 30 candidates pass the bozo test, that limits your choices when it comes to testing them on having any real talent. I wouldn't be so sure. Global warming and the atom bomb are just the first of many existential threats we'll have down the road that might leave us worse off than simple primitivism would have left us. Which is interesting, as a proper regular expression is incapable of testing for a parens match. The set of strings with properly matched parens is a context-free language, not a regular language. But modern "regex" engines are capable of matching non-regular languages, and iterative regex-based substitutions (as his client-side code does--his server-side code is equivalent to the stack-based approach) can approximate the effect. I'm not talking about western style poor, I'm talking about post-nuclear war style dead, or post-nanotech style grey goo that used to be people. That's why I said "existential threat" (i.e. threats to our existence), not "existential angst". I don't disagree that science is a net win, but there's some chance that we will use science to extinct the human race or make the earth uninhabitable, in the long run. As you and the original author both know, you don't need to use a stack data structure if you're just matching a single type of parens. (Your algorithm is the server-side solution employed by the author.) Though if you used {([])} with rules against them side-straddling like ([)], the stack would be necessary to distinguish what type of matching character you're using. But look at what you have: an integer (n) that counts the number of unmatched open parens, that is not allowed to drop below 0, and that can only be incremented and decremented. Your solution there is essentially a pushdown automaton, with n representing your stack of open parentheses (and the value of n representing the size of the stack). If you approached the problem thinking of it as a stack problem, you'd probably end up optimizing to your solution when you realized that actually stacking parentheses could be efficiently simulated with an integer. But the restrictions you've placed on that integer effectively simulate the restrictions of pushing and popping parens off a stack. You're even going through the string once without backtracking. I'm not sure if it's useful or just comp-sci wankery to think of it this way, but there's an equivalence between that solution and the freshman stack solution after all. Digilent also sells teaching materials to universities, but it might be possible to get a hold of them otherwise. I actually know some of the Digilent guys--their cofounder is an adjunct professor at my school and teaches using Digilent boards and curricula. He's probably one of the most busy and productive people I've ever met. As it happens, there's enough crossover between his work as an adjunct professor and his work at Digilent that it's more of a benefit to him as a cofounder than a distraction. It also puts him in a convenient position to be his own first customer, though he has hundreds of universities using his stuff too. There's fairly little choice in FPGA development software. Xilinx is what I've used, and it's easily the among the worst software I've ever encountered. But I've heard that the alternatives are no better. The fact that it works at all is no small accomplishment but it still lacks all elegance, usability, or reliability on the user end. Yes but a 6 bit display accomplishes millions of colors through dithering, and your answer says nothing about whether that kind of dithering could fool the eye. Since all colors on a LCD screen are dithered between red, green, and blue anyway, and the human eye has no trouble handling that , the question is whether a higher level dithering would be similarly undetectable. I wonder what we're going to do about this in ten years, when the servers have been switched off and everyone has forgotten C&C 4 except a few retrogamers. I remember 16 color systems that could load different palettes of 16 colors each, too. Doesn't make it a >16 color system. $50 per ounce seems high enough to drive lots of potential consumers to the black market. EDIT: And either way, you're trying to levy taxes on things people can already grow and distribute themselves. So it turns out that out of tax enforcement they'd have to shut down illegal grow operations anyway, just so some corporation can sell green cigarettes to the mass market. This isn't the legalization we're looking for. Very few recreational potheads grow their own. But they buy from networks of friends, all of which go back to some illicit grow op. That grow op will continue to exist if taxes are too high. It doesn't need any startup costs or anything, because the black market is already running. With cigarettes there is also a black market, but growing tobacco is harder, the black market is recently established, and it's easy enough to steal cigarettes (e.g. by robbing a cigarette truck). HN is good, but not perfect. It's disillusioning for a new user to go through a bad day or a bad few days on HN, and people react to disillusionment. That might be another factor. You didn't lose points for saying anything controversial, you lost points for writing flamey, unfocused posts filled with unsubstantiated claims about Macs. Economics isn't not a battle between Keynes and the Austrians, though. There are numerous neoclassical schools with varying degrees of prominence. Greenspan, for instance, was a monetarist, not a Keynesian. Other fields include behavioral economics. Meanwhile, while the early Austrian School provided a lot of important insights, most of them have been accepted by the neoclassicals. Most of "Austrian economics" today is merely an apologia for anarcho-capitalism, popular among libertarians who have studied the early Austrians, lack grounding in economics otherwise, and are more interested in rationalizing libertarian economic policies than honestly learning economics. Those are three of very many issues: you failed to mention trade barriers, taxes, spending, government debt, regulations, price controls, rent controls, minimum wage, subsidies, and welfare. All issues which Chicago School economists agree with Austrians, and which a surprising number of other neoclassicals agree too. My best advice is to avoid macroeconomics to begin with, since that seems the most heavily politicized. Microeconomics teaches you the most interesting parts: marginal reasoning, opportunity costs, supply and demand curves--basically the things that everyone agrees on. You'll be surprised to find that even liberal economists agree that minimum wage laws cause unemployment, rent control laws cause housing shortages, and price controls cause economic inefficiencies. Why? The answer is all in the supply and demand curves. When you do get into macro, start with the pure factual basis before you get into theory. For instance, instead of diving into debates about the gold standard, get a good factual understanding about how the FED works, what M1, M2, and M3 are, how fractional-reserve banking figures in, and so forth. A gold standard may or may not be an improvement, but learning how a centrally banked fiat currency is run will teach you important facts about how most currencies in the world are run. (My macroecon course covered this, as well as a little bit about currencies like China and Hong Kong that peg themselves to the USD, using similar but distinct approaches. I don't recall exactly how China does it but Hong Kong operates a "currency board" where they hold a reserve of USD that they exchange for HKD at a fixed ratio. Interesting, eh?) Most of the economic debates center around what should be done, or how certain economic or monetary policies affect the economy. There are even controversies about the past--what caused the Great Depression and whether the New Deal helped is a particularly sticky tarpit. It's useful to learn these controversies, but do so by reading all viewpoints involved rather than just one. Then maybe you can choose your favorite. I would not take a historical viewpoint, starting with the oldest economists and working forward. That's not even how physics is taught, really. That's how philosophy is taught. Unlike philosophers, economists have actually gotten to a point of relative agreement about most things. Remember that you want to learn economics, not the history of economics, so while we use a lot of Adam Smith, we also use the supply and demand curves and other tools that came after Adam Smith, just as a biology class would talk about genetics when teaching evolution, even though Darwin never knew about genetics. I took some intro physics courses in college. We didn't take a historical approach: we just started with the most recently well-understood Newtonian framework, and then moved onto EM where we worked our way up to Maxwell's equations. We never touched the Greeks--in fact, there's no point studying any pre-Newtonian physics unless you're a scientific historian, because Newton had the first usable theory. And even then you learn it using a jumble of Newtonian and Leibnizian calculus! In economics, we started with things everyone agreed on (supply and demand curves) and moved onto some facts about how centrally-banked currencies work (what the FED does, what M1, M2, and M3 are, what fractional reserve banking is). It's the upper level classes in econ, and the graduate classes in physics, where you really get into the controversial bits. But there's a lot of econ to learn before you get into anything that's controversial among economists (though the common beliefs of economists may be quite controversial among laypeople!) "There is really no need to pick a fight between the Austrians and the Chicago School." Ha! Rothbard would roll in his grave to hear that. Also, how are interest rates a price control? I always thought time value of money was a relatively uncontroversial idea. There's getting passed it, and then there's pretending to be friends with the people who did it. It's the pretending he's not interested in. I've had this idea several times, because there are a lot of discussions (not just flamewars) that end up being repetitive from iteration to iteration, forum to forum, including the classic online beer discussion (a combination of making-fun-of-American-beer, the counterargument that America has several good microbrews, and a friendly discussion about which microbrews and imports people like.) What's the real story here: is it "Apple locks out a competitor's product" or "Apple closes a security hole in their software"? Since iPhones also sync email account information and other sensitive data it's probably not a good idea to allow any USB device to pretend to be an iPhone and suck out all that data. Likewise, the firmware updates that tend to break iPhone jailbreaking only close security holes. Apple is remarkably apathetic about whether you jailbreak your phone, since they already made their money from the phone. In a case where "harboring resentment" concretely means "not going to his high school reunion with people who committed violence against him". Most children of abusive parents still harbor resentment, even if they become healthy enough to move past it in their everyday life. You're expecting someone who was surrounded by an abusive peer group (and an utterly apathetic group of adult "supervisors", who are all but guilty of criminal neglect) not to have negative feelings about his experiences when his former tormenters invite him to a reunion? The analogy is that while the enemy wasn't beating him up and "occupying" him as badly as they did others, he still had to deal with a bit of a blitz and ended up using his ingenuity to break their enigmatic code, develop a radar against future attacks, and ultimately develop a world class force of his own to contend with them. Of course, the analogy breaks down around there unless he made friends with an even-less-bullied kid and another bully who suddenly became outcast and bullied in his own right, and worked together to defeat the other bullies once and for all. That's an urban legend. "That said, what I find truly disturbing is seeing bright, intelligent, logical adults wallow in disgust and outright anger over things that were perpetrated on them by children." You should try talking to people who were abused by their parents, or rape survivors. I think having your fingers broken is closer to that than "the social stigma of being the outcast". "The author is mad because people from a school he admits he had no friends at are contacting him 25 years later! They not only remember him, but want to see him. They remember that they were children once, but they aren't the same kids from 25 years ago any more." It's telling that not a single one of these invitations contained an apology. "The only one that is affected at all is the author." Victims of abuse are usually more affected by it than perpetrators. Yes, but nothing about whales. "Don't compare bullying to rape. They are not in the same class. That's not to say that bullying isn't bad, just that rape is on a different level entirely." I'm saying that different types of trauma provide similar reactions. I don't find it productive to compare different types of abuse and decide which is worst. "Ergo, the victim is best advised to take steps to cure themselves, regardless of what happens to the perpetrators." Avoiding the perpetrators of abuse is normally part of healing, though, which is all this guy's trying to do. A victim of abuse--who has gotten over it and had a successful career--is upset at being reminded of his abuse. I'm not sure exactly why you're blaming him. In fact, don't ever speak this way to an actual victim of abuse in person, ever. All you'd accomplish is encouraging them to repress their pain and feel guilty over it. People heal in their own time. I didn't accuse you of confronting him, I'm just warning you not to confront anyone. Criticizing someone for being vocal about unpleasant events in their past and not healing fast enough doesn't help them heal, it just makes things worse (and makes it harder to heal by pushing the person into repression and denial). Frankly I think he seems to be doing just fine. On the contrary, I think both Cronkite and Russert did exactly what they were meant to do: increase ratings and make themselves famous. It's just that Cronkite was of an era when the networks had not yet realized that faux journalism got higher ratings than the real thing. In America, our debit cards are rigged so they work just like credit cards. This gives you some extra protections, delays when they draw from your bank account, (theoretically) gives you the protections of the merchant's agreement, and for many banks you get some sort of cash-back benefit from it. You can also pay with PIN if you want. That makes it post to your bank account quicker, which is nice if you keep track of your online banking. But will that get you into a software engineer position? Of course, that might not get you into a software engineer position at Microsoft anymore, either. In 1930 we had yet to see a lot of the government policies that turned that recession into The Depression, including the Hawley-Smoot Tariff. People always compare this to the Great Depression, but they never talk about the recessions and stock market crashes (e.g. in the 80's) that did not, in fact, lead to depressions. Seattle ran out a tent city a few years ago, in the midst of the economic boom. There's always going to be homeless people. I'm not sure what you're saying or how it's relevant. I'm comparing separate ways to use an American debit card. I'm not comparing either use case with using an actual credit card (which I concede has even more protections). Anecdotal evidence here, but while they seem self-controlled--and are very disciplined--a lot of them also have unresolved anger issues. You think I'd like anyone I care about to be psychologically damaged just for the sake of some damned theory you think I'm invested in? What kind of an asshole do you think I am? I'm not going to get into personal business in public, especially not under my real name. Suffice it to say that I've known someone very closely who probably could have dealt with his feelings better than repressing them. Of course, denial is a form of repression, so he'd probably agree with you that he wasn't that badly affected. And some people aren't badly affected by things (though personally, I've found that personal trauma in my life does tend to upset my emotional balance in unpredictable ways). False dichotomy--there are other alternatives than lashing out physically or "bottling up" your feelings. "Bottling up" generally refers to going into denial and emotionally repressing yourself. Sometimes just sitting and thinking about something calmly helps. Sometimes distracting yourself, or creating distance can help. But pretending everything is okay doesn't seem to be a winning strategy. "Truth isn't truth if it isn't falsifiable." Is that statement true? Is it falsifiable? Is it useful? Flagged: we already went over this exact article here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=708615 At Wikipedia, copyleft license fundamentalists rule the roost. We used to have fairly liberal "fair-use" policies about having photos, but that viewpoint lost out. For similar reasons, all the audio content on Wikipedia is Ogg Vorbis. Spiteful as Apple could be, I would characterize "not allowing rogue USB devices to spoof iPhones and suck sensitive data out of iTunes" as a definite security issue as well as a definite IP non-issue. Not at all: proving that the brain forms images from sensory inputs only proves that the brain forms images from sensory inputs . It's a tenable dualist position that the material brain handles sense perception while the immaterial mind handles higher level consciousness and thought. In fact, the body was always classically assumed to handle most of sense perception even before this research. I understand materialism just fine. But this doesn't prove materialism. We've talked about "software engineering" before. This is it. From mixmax's fastcompany link: "Ted Keller, the senior technical manager of the on-board shuttle group, flies to Florida where he signs a document certifying that the software will not endanger the shuttle". That's what's required for real engineering in the end: an engineer to sign off on the plans and to take responsibility if the product fails and people die. This is alien to most software development, where "software engineering" is, at best, a useful metaphor. This is real software engineering. "The world premiere of Joy Luck Club director Wayne Wang's film, "The Princess of Nebraska," was viewed 165,000+ times during the first 48 hours -- the equivalent of landing the 15th spot on Hollywood box office charts." Yeah, if movie theaters were free and instead of you going to them, they came to you. If there's an "equivalent" to 165,000 tickets on an opening weekend of a Hollywood movie, it's probably closer to 165,000,000 page views. And that's in how much revenue is generated--for the production company, a film playing in an actual cinema would rake in more than a YouTube release of equivalent revenue, because your local movie theater makes almost nothing on ticket sales while YouTube probably makes a significant percentage of ad revenue. It's not like YouTube can give all ad revenue to content creators and sell overpriced popcorn and soda, after all. Can you think of any strategic value to the moon? I can't. Lots of married couples run businesses together; it's somewhat of a change that this is now viewed as a bad thing. Of course, there is also a difference between hiring family and cofounding with family. If you cofound with a spouse, this problem might be unique to a startup environment where your early employees expect to be treated as equals. In a more traditional business, it's definitely not an issue. It's far more cost-effective to bomb people from the Earth, or from low-earth orbit, than going to the fucking moon. As for gravity wells, why not just build a space station outside of the Moon's gravity well? All very vague. What is the actual strategic value in this? What would you be able to do that other spacefaring powers couldn't, and why would it matter in a strategic context? "Some of their residents are literally untouchable" It's trivially easy to stop shipments to the Moon. How long can a lunar biosphere last? The best measure will always be revenue. Can YouTube generate better revenue for film producers than movie theaters? Not even television in its heyday could do that. What advantage does the moon give to fabrication plants other than, say, building fabrication plants directly in high orbit as space stations? So was (is?) COBOL. Saying "GPS can be configured at the start of a trip" applies the waterfall model to road trips. Yes--they ensure that guys living in caves are our biggest threat. If we did not have stealth fighters and stealth bombers, actual countries might think a war with the US would be a fair fight, and they might start shit. Me too, but we're in the minority. Man, I wish people got pulled over for dangerous shit like tailgating and reckless driving more often, and speeding (especially on highways with an artificially low posted limit) less often. You'd be surprised. My dad grew up in the Great Depression and during the war, though he implied that this kind of thing was the way of life before that in small towns: even if people had jobs, they still made their own clothing, had gardens, and hunted. People were remarkably self-sufficient. They had cars (one of the few manufactured goods they bought) but they maintained the cars themselves as well as their equipment. They even owned a little livestock. So yeah, a lot of people are going to be lost if we ever get into an economic state where consumer culture breaks down. Hunting and fishing can also, sometimes, give you better quality of food than you could otherwise afford. I always grew up with smoked salmon on the cheap because we caught it ourselves and own a smoker. Fishing isn't a cheap hobby but it sure gets you a lot of fish out of the deal--often more than we could eat ourselves. And the fish are a lot fresher than anything you could buy. Unlike Switzerland, the US is actually worth attacking. Not that Switzerland isn't, but it's in an easily defensible position. It's easy to make attacking Switzerland a bad cost-benefit. Not so much the US. Plus we have obligations to protect foreign allies. Not even having a Mac saves you from the crapware hardware makers bundle with their crap. You have no idea how annoying it was for me to have to remove shitty Kodak photo management software from my parents' Mac (which had a perfectly good version of iPhoto) or the horrific, kernel-panic-causing HP All-In-One software. Or even the shitty Verison DSL setup CD I was supposed to use to set up my DSL modem. Typical user behavior is to get productive, never worry about backups, and whine endlessly when their hard drive crashes. Backup software should definitely be bundled. It's a classic opt-in vs opt-out problem--users who have to opt in to install backup software, won't opt in. Another problem this poses for companies is that conference rooms are a scarce resource. Not everyone can schedule all their meetings so they're not in the middle of an uninterrupted work period. Actually, globalization does improve the standard of living for those at the bottom, to the benefit of those on top. People work in sweatshops (which sucks from the point of view of rich Westerners), but they voluntarily chose to do so because it was an improvement on their previous standard of living. So their standard of living improves, and so does the standard of living for those of us who buy manufactured goods at lower prices. I posted this before but it also seems appropriate here. It's David Langford's Three Laws for military robots: 1. A robot will not harm authorized Government personnel but will terminate intruders with extreme prejudice. 2. A robot will obey the orders of authorized personnel except where such orders conflict with the Third Law. 3. A robot will guard its own existence with lethal antipersonnel weaponry, because a robot is bloody expensive. Langford is an SF writer. You might know him from his "basilisk" stories--if not, go read them sometime. I can afford to throw a life preserver with no real cost. When there are entire countries or continents of starving people to be saved though, it's not economically sustainable to just give them a first world standard of living from scratch. It has to be built up over time by progressively improving the standard of living. Indentured servitude is prominent in American history too--it's how many of our ancestors got passage to the New World. And now here we are with air-conditioned offices, OSHA regulations, and paid leave. How exactly does one avoid placing importance on the company of others? You're making the assumption that there's no negative externalities--such as climate change or the inability to affordably produce plastics and other durable petroleum products--that can be caused by continued high fuel consumption. Those statistics are from Wellesley, a women's college. It would be more fair to see statistics from a coeducational college. Asking girls out and getting rejected is like being repeatedly being punched in the face. But not asking at all is like living in a sensory deprivation tank. The netbook idea isn't even new--it's just a new word for "subnotebook". That'd be quite the trick, since the G5 was a PowerPC box that hasn't been sold for years, and Windows 7 only runs on x86. The Kindle has a switch on the back that turns off the whispernet. It saves battery life. There are too many replies that correct factual errors or explain/reinforce HN social norms to assume reply == upvote. Though you could downvote and reply. Hmm. What kind of place can you get coffee, shower, go to bed, take calls in a private room, eat, do laundry, and not have to waste time going home and back again? I think once those requirements are met you might as well live there. Sounds like a hacker house to me. So it would be a better value-add if you just built a walkable, high-density residential community around this theme, since then you wouldn't have to have a residence and a 1 hour commute to worry about. Which is exactly what students and entrepreneurs traditionally do: dorms and garages rather than 1 hour commutes in and out of the suburbs. If it wasn't for brain-dead American urban planning and suburban sprawl this would be more obvious, but the on-campus dorm is closer to what you want to replicate than the coffee shop/sleep tube 1-hour-away-from-home concept. So let's take this residential concept. You could have private kitchens (as well as a public cafeteria) and resell tons of cheap bulk foods as well. Less Starbucks, more Costco. The idea is to encourage frugality, but not at the expense of community. The revenue model is easy--charge rent (and if people who don't live there wanna hang out, that's cool too). Starbucks? That's a money drain. Which is why you'd want to live in a community rather than some kind of antisocial suburban subdivision. Half of my post was about building that kind of community, complete with shared social centers. But with the ability to have a place at home where you can focus and achieve flow. The right model for having someone else fix your meals and coffee is probably closer to a cafeteria than a Starbucks or restaurant. We're talking about a target market that really shouldn't be wasting money. You'd think there'd be a bigger push to all-digital theaters just so the distribution costs would go down. I think this falls within the wide category of unenforced laws. You're not forced to use Apple products to keep your music--none of it is DRM'd anymore so you can use your non-Apple software to sync it with your non-Apple devices on your non-Apple computer. It's even plainly available in the file system--and Apple doesn't even require you to let it reorganize your music files into its preferred folder hierarchy. If Apple supports interoperability, they have a mess on their hands and they're dealing with interoperability issues instead of making a better product. If they don't support interoperability, people write angsty blog posts about them breaking whatever hackish unsupported software they were using to interface with their iPod. (As for the Pre, anything that allows arbitrary devices to pretend to be an iPhone and sync jeopardizes email account information--which can be synced to the iPhone--and is a security flaw. So I'm sure Apple did intentionally lock out the Pre. But I don't think they care about gtkpod enough to intentionally lock it out.) "On that note I'm pretty sure Apple makes way more off iTunes than it does off the hardware at this point" Why stop at "pretty sure"? They're a publicly traded company. It's not hard to get their financials. Here's some numbers from their Q3 report a couple days ago: "Apple sold 5.2 million iPhones during the quarter, producing $1.689 billion in revenue..." "About 10.215 million iPods were sold this quarter, resulting in $1.492 billion in revenue..." "Apple's "Other Music Related Products and Services" segment was responsible for $958 million in revenue..." Cite: http://www.appleinsider.com/articles/09/07/21/notes_of_inter... I don't see where "actively block them" comes in. Changing the database format of your product is something you'd want the latitude to do. The fact that it breaks unsupported third party software is hardly something Apple would go out of their way to do. Sounds like the timeless combination of businesses colluding with government to keep competition out, enforced by tourist-hating among the locals. Yes, but iPhone syncing has the potential to transfer email account information, including passwords, making it a security hole for untrusted devices to be able to do it. In either case, while breaking Pre interoperability was likely intentional (and we've discussed this to death in other threads), Apple doesn't give a shit about gtkpod. Apple would probably have to go to extreme lengths to guarantee interoperability. Breaking gtkpod is, even in this blog post, described as a side effect. I can't imagine Apple cares about gtkpod enough to purposefully break it. Your metadata is yours, and Apple is not stopping you from doing anything with it. A lot of it is already in the m4a file anyway, using either ID3 tags or some newer analog to them. As for whatever metadata is stored outside the music files themselves, iTunes actually gives you all the metadata you need: it shows you the metadata plainly. What they don't do is maintain a requirement that any arbitrary device or program can reliably access that metadata, i.e. by keeping it in a consistent, well-documented format. That's an engineering decision, not a moral imperative--it allows them flexibility to do things their way instead of worrying about breaking backward or third party compatibility. Apple's margins on iTunes are pretty low, when you consider how much they have to pay out to record labels and credit card companies even before paying for their own infrastructure. Digital media is high-margin in total, but only if you can realize all the profit. The record labels can do that, but Apple can't. Interoperability with the Pre or with gtkpod? It seems like Apple broke interoperability with the pre deliberately, with the side effect (one that Apple is apathetic towards) of breaking compatibility with gtkpod. Since it's the latter this blogger is complaining about, I'd file this under "not supporting interoperability". Yes, but restricting the number of foo businesses in town is a boon to the existing local foo industry, since it protects all current foo businesses from competition. It's easy for established players to say, "oh yes, regulate us, make us get scarce operating permits to which we are already grandfathered into!" to eliminate future competition. I don't think the collusion is necessarily overt, but most businesses welcome this kind of barrier to entry. It always bothers me when people who are obviously pushing a libertarian agenda market "economic arguments for libertarianism" as "economics". I'm vaguely libertarian, and even mainstream economics implies a lot of scary libertarian things (minimum wages and rent controls have terrible side effects!) but fundamentally, economics is an "is" and libertarianism is an "ought". Seeing them mixed together is broken. This book has lots of good things in it, but it's clearly trying to push you in one direction rather than simply educate you. Keep in mind you're getting one side of the picture from Hazlitt. Hazlitt's a libertarian--he thinks less government is better. So he's not very prone to give you much evidence that sometimes, governments can do desirable things, just because that's not his bias. The best advice I can give you is to try and separate facts from judgments. Take the minimum wage. It's well understood that minimum wage laws cause unemployment. It doesn't necessarily follow from this that you don't need a minimum wage, though. Without a minimum wage, you might have twice as much unskilled labor working for half the pay, but all of them are below subsistence level and require government assistance. Whereas a higher minimum wage means some people can be dropped from the rolls entirely while others have to collect more. Or maybe you change the welfare system. It's a judgment call which tradeoffs you want to make, just like engineering. There are obvious things (command economies are pretty crap, just like bubble sort is a crap algorithm) but there are more subtle things (like time/space tradeoffs that dictate different algorithms for different applications) that depend on what you're trying to do. Likewise, consider health care. Some people think it's a moral imperative that a wealthy society provide health care to everyone. Economics asks some tough questions--at what cost, what level of care do we provide--but it also provides answers--what are different ways of doing this, and what are the cost-benefits? Economics at its best is a science. It doesn't dictate your goals to you, it just warns you of some natural constraints. You might say, "I believe in minimal taxes and don't care about poor people who need housing and health care but can't afford it." Well, economics tells you that's very feasible. You might say, "I believe in minimal taxes and a robust welfare state." Economics tells you there's no free lunch. You might say, "I believe everyone should have health insurance that meets these requirements." Well, economics says, you could give everyone health insurance, or you could have a market in health insurance and give people vouchers to pay for it, or do any other thing you can think of, but here are the effects and tradeoffs of those policies. In terms of what in economics to study? Microeconomics seems better grounded than macro. Behavioral economics seems promising. Austrian is a mixed bag--there's some stuff that promotes good economic reasoning but then there's also gigantic apologias for anarcho-capitalism based upon some moralistic conception of natural law that totally mix up the science of causes and effects with the moral aspect of goals and intentions. I find that separating causes and effects from goals and intentions is a big problem not only in economics but also in ecology. There's a difference between saying "I want to sustainably maintain an environment that is good for human life" and "I want to preserve the environment mostly the way it is without human tampering", and an environmental scientist will recommend different policies based upon which goal she implicitly has in mind. Maybe some endangered species can go extinct if there's a better tradeoff for humans, or maybe not. Likewise with economics: there's no such thing as "economics says policy X is bad", only "economics says policy X has effects Y". Libertarianism is all about a particular "ought"--"there ought to be very little government if any at all". Helping the poor or not is a totally secondary question. If helping the poor means less government, libertarians are for it. If helping the poor means more government, libertarians are against it. It would be nice if, when you got an iPod Touch or iPhone, you created a certificate for it that meant that was yours and any copy of iTunes that wasn't also yours wouldn't sync to it. But not letting someone plug a friggin' iPhone into someone else's computer and sucking off their sensitive data is a different question from not letting someone plug in any arbitrary USB device and suck off sensitive data. Social norms keep people from plugging their iPhones into my USB, but they don't keep people from saying, "here, I'll send you some files off my thumb drive" and surreptitously stealing your email password from iTunes because they have a custom firmware that pretends to be an iPhone. And one that most economists accept, but he leaves out the "is" arguments that suggest anything good the government might do. That's a confused analogy, because that's still a matter of fact. Hazlitt may have a value system in which government doesn't seem to accomplish anything valuable, but perhaps government accomplishes something that I find valuable instead. Libertarians don't seem to care much for economic equality (hell, neither do I) but it's not the place of economics to choose our value system. And, as a matter of economic fact, maybe some non-libertarian policies will enforce economic equality! (Though even this is arguable.) Or, maybe I care a LOT about enforcing some kind of baseline standard of living for everyone, inefficiencies be damned. Maybe government can help me do this. But most libertarians are uninterested in that goal, too. Economists don't get to decide what kind of society we want to live in any more than the rest of us. Their job is to tell us whether it's possible, how to get there, and what the costs will be. I don't think I disagree with you that much. All economics can tell us is that libertarian policies maximize wealth, they can't tell us "libertarian policies are good" or "we should adopt libertarian policies". Maybe I think it's more important to provide a social safety net than to maximize wealth. We would agree on the economic fact that there is a tradeoff here, but we would disagree on which side of the tradeoff to make. Just like engineering. Scaling issues, in other words. All good reasons, but perhaps my cynical reasons are just as true :) If constitutional rights had sunset provisions, we'd do away with the Bill of Rights the first time they sunsetted during a crime wave and we elected people to be "tough on crime". Movies are as much (or more) a visual medium than an intellectual medium. Visuals are every bit as important as ideas. But visuals are the easiest part to convey in a trailer, and the lightcycles are the coolest visual element of Tron. It's kind of like how in the reimagined Battlestar Galactica, they kept the Viper launch tubes because it was an awesome visual, and they had the scanny-red-eye Cylons. It didn't keep them from cutting to the heart of the ideas of BSG (survival and escape from a mechanical, inhuman enemy) but the visuals were just as much at the heart. Let me put it this way--if there was a Tron movie that was perfectly true to the ideas of the original, but without any lightcycles at all , that would be just as wrong as making a Tron sequel that's all about lightcycles. He specifically mentioned the Second Amendment (part of the Bill of Rights). Also, the Constitution falls within the category of "all laws". If a significant percentage of Microsoft Office purchases were run on WINE, Microsoft would be forced to support that scenario. However, that's not the case. You're talking about inflation, and the honest thing to say is "we're not sure what causes inflation". Monetarists think it's mostly a supply-and-demand thing with the money supply outpacing economic growth, for instance. But, of course, inflation is sometimes thought to be only one component of the cost of living. In macro, there's two measures of inflation: the cost of living index (which is based on the cost of living and a market basket of equivalent goods) and a factor that is used to adjust nominal GDP measurements from year to year. Cost-of-living may change based on efficiencies (for instance, Wal-Mart has been credited with single-handedly holding down the cost of living for years) while the GDP factor is more closely tied to "true" inflation. In other words, you may be right but cost of living is fucking complicated. Economics is great for telling us about these hidden costs, and I agree the minimum wage example is a good example where the costs outweigh the benefits. But it's not a clear-cut libertarian case of "all things that cause economic inefficiencies are bad policies". All economics can tell us is approximately how much inefficiency, for instance, would be caused by subsidized food stamps. It's up to everyone to learn what that cost-benefit is and decide whether we can afford to subsidize some folks' food purchases. (Food stamps, and voucher schemes in general, seem to work well in my opinion.) Or conversely, if we come down and say we want to reduce sulphur dioxide emissions, we might say, "Oh, let's inspect and license all the smokestacks in the US and write each of them permits every year." Economists will shake their heads and say that's an inefficient allocation method, and then they will invent cap-and-trade, where we sell them permits and let them trade the same fixed number of permits, so that SO2 emissions stay under a determined scarcity, but that scarcity is market-allocated. We've been doing that with SO2 for years and it's one of the great recent triumphs of economics. Yeah but sending digital data is so fucking cheap that they'd digitize it for maybe the first 100 screens in the country, right? It may be a wise investment for distributors to just buy the damn digital projectors for the theaters. It's expensive but they'll amortize the distribution costs over time. The useful distinction is probably between "republishing attributed content" and "plagiarism". I'm talking about RSS. If I was teaching someone how to program and wanted to get across the idea of incremental development, this is the first example I would use. You can just hear at each step how he's getting incrementally closer. "Yet you're arguing that people should hurry up and die so 'we' can move on and not stay 'mired in the past' and 'wasting time'. What do they matter? Where are we moving to that's so important?" For instance, the decline in institutional racism against black people in America wouldn't have been nearly so successful if it wasn't for all the old segregationists dying off in recent decades. There are definitely real costs and benefits to social conservatism. National origin and citizenship, you're right. But when it comes to immigration status, I've always had the "are you eligible to work in the United States?" question asked of me for every job I've applied to. Because a $100k salary in NY is easier for employers to meet (that's closer to what they're already paying) than the same salary in Florida. Florida then gets fewer immigrants this way. You know, when IE6 was new (edit: and after Firefox was released), it still sucked, and we pined for the day everyone would abandon IE for standards-compliant browsers. Now that IE7 and IE8 are more standards-compliant, that exact same complaint has just been indexed to IE6 in particular. It's not a matter of it being out of date at all.