I would say college cannot be resold, but it is sold in the first place. I looked up the Wikipedia article for "Economic Bubble", which defined it as "trade in high volumes at prices that are considerably at variance with intrinsic values." A college education is definitely a product, even though it is completely illiquid. I would definitely agree that many or even most people are paying more for college than it is worth, though not in every field and not at every school. I hope your peers aren't unaware of the class privileges they are enjoying. Getting an undergrad and then going into a low-paying service job is tough if you're poor. I just went there. #1 question? "What are the must hit brothels on a biz trip to Prague?" Yeah, that's classy right there. Nitpicky: You don't get a key somewhere. You make your own keypair, and send the public key off to be signed. It costs ~$100/year + you need an IP address, compare that to what I pay for shared hosting ($75/year including domain) and you get your answer. 18/20. Everything but Mattel and Toyota. I didn't know Arial was so ugly before taking this. So I've got a process running as root. I want it to spawn a new process running as user1, in /var/fred, with a pipe to stdin and direct stdout to /var/log/greg. First I create the pipe, then call fork. In the child, I chdir to /var/fred, open /var/log/greg, run fdup2 on the pipe and on the handle to /var/log/greg, setuid to user1, and then finally call exec. Show me an API that can do that without fork. All the popen / spawn / system functions are not system calls but rather library functions which operate by calling fork. XIBs are hardly magic. Make some UI objects in a XIB. They're just serialized to the XIB. "Outputs" are just fields with values. "Actions" are just objects and method names. What this solves is that it's a pain to position UI elements with hand-coded coordinates. It also gets in the way of localizing the UI. You can't always just use the same UI in Germany where the words are longer. With XIBs, you just copy the XIB, resize the text boxes as necessary, and enter in the localized text. I would agree, however, if you are writing a game then you wouldn't use XIBs. It's not because XIBs are magic (they're fairly straightforward) but because a game UI is nothing like the UI problem that XIBs were designed to solve. "Reasoning by analogy" The people who made your car were legally required to test your model of car by crashing it into another one and making sure the airbags work. This is also too expensive to test yourself. One does not modify an airbag system at all without retesting it. Your hosting provider has no legal requirement to test their backup system. At best, they have a contractual obligation. And they don't know how to test recovering your site, because testing whether it works is a different process for each site. Additionally, it's cheap to test backup procedures. Most people have a spare computer somewhere (maybe not in the data center), and it should only take a few hours to restore a copy of your site. Once a year. For Chris's sake, you could probably do it in the background and put a movie on. Well, I'm a bit more cynical than you. However, Jack in the Box is probably one of the least likely chains to experience an E. Coli O157:H7 outbreak (since 1993, at least). I think it's more of an observation about which of the two are _real_ men, and less an observation about Google. Looks suspiciously like the professor's notes from the linear algebra class I took (on the opposite side of the same country) for the first part. Then my professor started talking about homomorphisms, and things started getting GOOD. A vector space is an abelian group, a scalar field, and a homomorphism from the field to automorphisms of the group. That's all you need to remember for definitions. Almost everything decreases in value over time, such is the nature of progress. I can have tens of GFLOPS available to me for a couple hundred dollars, in 1984 I would have paid $15M per GFLOPS. That's a decrease of value of over 99.999%, in only a quarter century. Someday gold will be cheap, too, either because the bubble bursts or some researcher makes a gold machine. I don't have a right to value. Cash has always been a relatively poor investment, useful only because its convenience and liquidity are second to none. Inflation serves both of these purposes. If you don't want to use dollars, you CAN invest in stocks, gold, or just get chickens for bartering. Okay, this one is just... too easy. I can see why some people might find it confusing, though. Kitchenaid mixer. Totally awesome. I just submitted an entry. And it doesn't do any stupid stuff like that. No overruns, no pointer tricks, no funny syntax. All the string handling is even done correctly. My exploit abuses a simple, safe API call that sometimes behaves in a way people don't expect if they're not looking for it. Gah. It looks like it doesn't support removing packages. I won't call it a package manager if it can't remove packages. Every once in a while, I used to think, "What about Lua? Wouldn't Lua be nice?" Then I would start reading the docs, and stop when I came to the "local" keyword. Ick. Variables are global by default, you have to explicitly label local bindings. If any scope is the default, it should be local scope. Accessing an uninitialized variable is also not an error. Chalk this up to personal taste, but this reminds me too much of bad experiences in bash scripting. The languages I prefer: Python, Haskell, C, Scheme, Common Lisp... never play so fast and loose with where your variables go. I just made a similar complaint over at Reddit. Maybe interesting, maybe not. http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/b5v64/tired_of_... The closed form solution isn't O(1). It's Ω(2^N) since the number of digits in the output is Θ(2^N). I was going to post this exact comment on the blog but it requires some kind of draconian registration scheme. I guess the blogger doesn't really like getting feedback. Krav Maga is pretty cool, but I wouldn't call it a "martial art". There are no aesthetics in Krav Maga, no spectators, no tournaments, and no rules. Krav Maga is for people who want to defend themselves efficiently. Ahh, I remember using it way back in the day. Back then, my idea of revision control was "make a copy of the source code for each version". Here's a more complete list: http://www.ralentz.com/old/mac/humor/mpw-c-errors.html My favorite error message is perhaps "Symbol table full - fatal heap error; please go buy a RAM upgrade from your local Apple dealer" While I waited for the article to load, I was on the edge of my seat. Is it going to be dated 2010, or 2000? "Who Has the Biggest Bears"... awesome. Yes, yes, YES! I loathe the 1024-byte kilobyte. Because I sometimes want to do math. Lets say I want to put 6h33m of video on a 4.7 GB DVD. What bitrate do I choose? Ah, 4.7e9*8 bit / 23580 s = 1.59 Mbit/s. Now what happens if we use powers of two? I have to type a lot more into my calculator. This was my question, so I looked at the source. It refers to a page on algorithms that claims that it is 8-bit clean, i.e., it preserves non-ascii characters but does not modify them. I then compiled a test program to verify this, because the bit twiddling in the source code looks a little nuanced. It IS 8-bit clean. Although, if you're looking for something that converts non-ascii characters to their lower case equivalents, just use LibICU. This library looks nice for decoding things like HTTP which have plenty of ascii-only case insensitivity. I'm a little fuzzy on the concept of using template libraries inside PHP. What's the advantage over just using PHP in the first place? I learned "corporate" to get a job. It's comes with a huge collection of bizarre operators with baffling precedence rules and a template library that spews out errors to rival C++ STL circa 1999. It also changes, my most recent job introduced me to the "cloud" type which got everyone excited but then we learned it causes segfaults whenever it interacts with the standard "security" classes, and suddenly I'm managing two separate platforms. If you did use a dedicated client-side app, it could be made more secure than HTTPS for those who don't trust the CA system. The explicit trust of all CAs (and there are many, scattered throughout the world) makes HTTPS a lot weaker than the algorithms alone would suggest. I find the arguments presented poorly constructed and unsound. Examples: "These and similar statements show that Hitchens equates morality with altruism" (does not follow from given quotes, furthermore this is a setup for a straw man argument) "... it is observationally false that humans possess an innate sense of right and wrong: Many people, and not just psychopaths, make horrifically bad choices that ruin their own lives, the lives of others, or both." (this argument is unsound; the author states that since some people make bad choices sometimes, then humans must not know right from wrong innately. It's like saying "It's observationally false that humans possess eyesight: many people, and not just the blind, fail to see the mayonnaise when they go to the refrigerator even when it's right in the door.") "Ironically, the claim to innate knowledge—the claim to “just knowing” something—is precisely what Hitchens and the other New Atheists condemn when they condemn faith." (Other than the author's misuse of the term "irony", I have not heard the "new atheists" put forth such an argument and the author does not put forth a citation or quote to support this claim. As I see it, rather than condemning innate knowledge, the "new atheists" condemn what they see as baseless claims of fact.) "Hitchens subscribes to the idea that man is mentally and thus morally hampered by innate irrationality." A slight bit later, "If man cannot choose his actions, then he cannot have a guide to choosing his actions." So the author takes a quote from Hitchens where Hitchens says humans are "only partly rational" (Hitchen's words as quoted by the author) and then concludes that Hitchens thinks that man "cannot choose his actions" (I know that the phrase appeared after the word "if", but you can parse the full three paragraphs or so yourself). I stopped reading the article at this point due to the high density of illogical statements. Stylistically, I find it in poor taste to capitalize "new atheists", but there's no accounting for taste. Knowledge of, but as a statistics geek, I see a lot of people (like this guy) throw around the term "hidden Markov model" when they don't know what "hidden" means in context. In this context, an ordinary Markov model would be more appropriate. A hidden Markov model denotes the existence of some dynamic parameter that the computer cannot directly observe, such as the user's current mood. Such a model would take into account transitions between "happy" and "angry" in addition to transitions between "Firefox" and "TextMate". These additional hidden variables are very useful in a wide variety of circumstances, but in this situation I suspect it would cause a combinatorial explosion of state space with little measurable benefit to the user. "Gerstein said that this organization arises because software engineers tend to save money and time by building upon existing routines rather than starting systems from scratch." Bull. There are two reasons why the shapes are different. 1. The bottom of the Linux graph is smaller because there are not very many primitive operations on a computer. Data is homogenous. There are 256 interchangeable values for a byte. By comparison, a bacterium has to use separate pieces of machinery to handle chemicals made up of the dozens of non-interchangeable elements that it works with. On a computer, you might use one single function for searching binary search trees all over the place in different systems, regardless of the data. In a bacterium, when code gets copied, the copy is modified. Every new application is a fork of some other application, welcome to a developer's nightmare (a good argument against ID... a designer would never duplicate so much code). Developers reuse code because they can, bacteria doesn't reuse code because it can't. 2. The top of the Linux graph is larger because computers have to do more. Computers get selected for features. Bacteria get selected for survival. The bacteria have to "just work", whereas people expect to be able to configure computers. I can plug 100 different network cards into my computer, but don't expect to plug a different flagellum into a bacterium. Maybe it's just a matter of level, if you picked a higher point in the call graph eventually you'd get to "main", no? 50% gray isn't a medium gray, it is actually a fairly light gray. On an average PC monitor it is rgb(186,186,186) (assuming sRGB). Photographers often use 18% or 12.5% gray (0.18 or 0.125 albedo) as a medium gray depending on the tonal range they're working with -- these values are the geometric average of white and black in photographs with five and six stops of range, respectively. Then there's the issue of print versus the web. In print, you can call a color neutral because it reflects light which is the same color as the illuminant. I'm skeptical about "neutral gray" on a website, viewed in a variety of different environments with a variety of different backlights. Fill your screen with pure white, look at it on a sunny day and then again late at night. You'll find it's shifted from a yellowish white to a bluish white. I'm also skeptical about a mathematical formula for "emotionally flat colors". It seems I could choose a bright red, yellow, and blue and get them to center on neutral gray, and use that for my american hot dog stand. Then I could take a few shades of black and white, centered on neutral gray again, and use them to paint the corporate office. Neither seems emotionally flat to me. You said he should have been doing a rebase. I disagree. Almost always, if you think you should rebase, you really should merge instead. "Pretty severe" lack of professionalism? It's not unprofessional not to turn the warnings all the way up and sift through each and every one. Some of us work code inherited from other people with different coding guidelines, and some of the warnings will generate loads of messages for code that is not only technically correct but stylistically correct as well. The unused parameter warning is one of the biggest offenders in this area. And if you have a hundred warnings for unused parameters, which ones do you pay attention to? Another potential issue is that the code in the patch might almost never be called in the first place. Most libc implementations (three that I know of, where I've examined the "memset" source) have a "memset" like that as a fallback only for platforms without an assembly version. I'd say the problem is that there are several different ways this error could have been detected sooner: warnings, test, static analysis tools, and review, but none of them worked. But again, it's also possible that the code is never called because assembly versions are always available. This essay makes asserts that, for example, a human could never write a chess program that is better at playing chess than the human is, because the human could always just run the chess program by hand, given time. This is like saying that no computer is more powerful than any other computer, given sufficient storage and time. But limits on storage and time are THE limits. This is a very poor way to define "power". "Limerence" specifically refers to infatuation with a person. "Cathexis" is a broader term which also applies to objects or ideas. AD vs. BC: I prefer using CE with negative numbers, as suggested by ISO 8601. E.g., year -30 CE is year 31 BC. A lot of people find this article well written, or alternately, they find the article patronizing and some are angry at it. I just think the article is incorrect, which is a necessary consequence of its sweeping generalizations. A quote from the article: "You are a mess." The author spends much of the article telling the reader how unhappy the reader is, how much the reader is suffering. From a rhetorical perspective, I can understand why the author would do this. Yet I'm not convinced that I'm unhappy, and the rest of the article falls apart without that foundation. "It [life] is an emotional roller coaster, and you spend a lot of your time down at the bottom of the ramp, yearning for the heights." To me, life feels more like emotional airplane, at home above the clouds but makes the occasional layover in Detroit. Your experiences may vary. Both are stable. Both will continue to be stable for a long time. The main difference lies with third party library support. There are a number of third party libraries that don't work with Python 3 yet. They will get ported eventually. If you want to use a library that doesn't support 3, then the choice is made for you. The second difference lies with Linux distributions. On most distros you can just install the "python3" package and everything works, on a few distros you'll have to install Python 3 yourself or hunt down the right package repository (my info may be a year behind or so, I'm not sure). This also applies to third party libraries -- even if the library supports Python 3, your distro might not have a package for it, even if it has a package for that library for Python 2. It's fairly easy (most of the time) to write code for Python 2.x that converts to Python 3 code with the bundled "2to3" converter. I do this for any script I might ever want to give to someone else or run on a computer that's not mine. Otherwise, I just write straight Python 3 code. Assuming, of course, that I don't need some library. I don't think the circumstances compare. Python 3.x is different in a bunch of little ways from 2.x. Just like you say Rails 3 runs on Ruby 1.8 and 1.9, most Python libraries will run on 2.5, 2.6, or 2.7 (often 2.4 as well) without modification. Python 3.x breaks these libraries. Python 2.7 is also several months newer than Python 3.1. It reminds me of the 2.4 -> 2.6 transition for the Linux kernel. People were using 2.4 for a long time. Heck, you can still find Linux 2.4 in the wild. That's a big assumption. From another perspective, if one does not believe that any god (should it exist) intervenes in human affairs, then the question of whether it does exist would be not as interesting. Addition: Atheists can sound pedantic when it comes to word order, but this pedantry has a point. Compare the following two sentences: "I'm asking you to not join the Navy." "I'm not asking you to join the Navy." The difference in word order is the same as the different phrasings between different atheists: "I do not believe god exists." (I call this atheism) "I believe god does not exist." (I call this strong atheism) By this same logic I could argue that no scientist is Christian, and no Christian is a scientist. Ask any scientist who is Christian, "does a good scientist believe claims that cannot be independently verified?" Then ask, "do you believe in god?" The questions "are you a good scientist?" and "can the existence of god be independently verified?" follow. You'll force this poor scientist to admit they're not a good scientist, or perhaps as a compromise you can say that the existence of god is a hypothesis which they have not yet been able to test to their satisfaction (which doesn't sound like belief to me). Okay, that's actually not the most common result (I might expect a lecture on politesse, or perhaps a simple request to shut my trap). But I find it detestable to go around and tell people that they label themselves wrong, e.g., "You are not a true atheist." It's almost as villainous to say things like "Strong atheists do not exist." when there are plenty of people who claim to be strong atheists. Say instead something like, "strong atheism is not a tenable position." Or, "strong atheism is logically inconsistent." Then, at least, I won't think of you quite so poorly, and we can argue logic instead of identity. For the record, I'm positive that there are many good scientists who are also Christians. I'm also positive that there are many strong atheists. P.S. It's bad enough that as a bisexual male I don't exist, but as a strong atheist too I doubly don't exist. Harsh. 5. If you claim that the question, "does a god exist?" cannot be meaningfully answered due to flaws in the nature of the question, then you are a theological noncognitivist. 6. If you claim that the question, "does a god exist?" cannot be answered before defining "god", then you are an ignosticist. An ignosticist who claims that "god" cannot be defined is therefore also claiming that "does a god exist?" can never be answered. 7. If you claim that the question, "does a god exist?" is not worth answering, then you are apatheistic. 8. Alternatively, if you choose to assume that the answer to the question, "does a god exist?" is "no", but do not consider it worth the effort to attempt to answer the question conclusively, then you are apatheistic. 9. If you claim that the question, "does a god exist?" cannot be answered because the question cannot be correctly communicated due to differences in the definition of "god" and/or "exist" between the idiolects of the persons attempting to communicate the question to each other, then you are a philosophy major. 9b. If (9) above applies but you manage to work the word "qualia" into the discussion, then you are a philosophy major and I'm changing the subject. When you're coding, progress is immediately rewarded by a mechanism in the brain that releases pleasurable chemicals whenever you hit a milestone. It's like playing Diablo II and hearing that "ding" when you level up. (At least, this is the case for me. Especially when writing new features or refactoring.) But the reward system for the other work (release) isn't built into your brain yet. You can trudge through it, or you can try to hack together a reward system for your brain until it's burned into place. You can promise yourself that when you ship, you'll go out to a fancy dinner, buy a video game, or go to the beach. If you have a spouse / significant other, you can ask them to take you out to dinner if you ship (this is, in my opinion, one of the best perks of not being single). Your brain isn't a bulging mass of sheer willpower, although it's pleasant to pretend it is. You've got to figure out a way to get yourself to do the things that you want yourself to do, as much as that sounds like it doesn't make sense. Agnostic is, "I don't know whether god exists." Apatheistic starts with, "I don't care whether god exists." But it often continues from there, and apatheists can also include as their beliefs "Questions of theology should not motivate morality." Some apatheists are strongly atheistic and not agnostic, saying "God doesn't exist, but this fact is irrelevant to human affairs." I find apatheist theists not inconceivable, "God exists but who cares?" Kind of like when you ask, "How many feet are there in a mile?" and I say, "The answer to your question is irrelevant because you should switch to metric. It is wrong to use imperial units for any purpose. And there are 5,280 feet in a mile." I can honestly say that I don't care how many feet there are in a mile, and yet I know the correct number. It sounds like Haskell just isn't your style, but you're saying that Haskell is bad for "real-world" programming. And it sounds like you've never really used Haskell seriously (just a guess, most Haskellers I've met get over their monad fixation within a few months, yet you describe them as "artillery"). If you like Clojure so much, why not go champion that instead of complaining about Haskell? Besides, if you use "how easy is it to implement 'memoize'" as a benchmark then you'll always end up choosing a Lisp. You can litter printfs in your code, you'll just get a lot of hate if you do it in library code that you share. It's fine when debugging to write a "debug printf" function using "unsafePerformIO". Yes, it mixes side effects into pure code, but that's fine for debugging purposes. -- totally OK! go ahead! it won't crash or anything! debugPrint :: String -> a -> a debugPrint s x = unsafePerformIO (putStrLn s >> return x) You could also implement a memoization function using "unsafePerformIO". No, you won't get a visit from the FP purity police for doing so, it's perfectly fine. Why? Using "unsafePerformIO" in a function does NOT mean that that function is impure. It merely means that the compiler will not inform you whether the function is pure or impure -- the compiler's safety checks are bypassed when you use the function. Here's how I'd type the memoize function: memoize :: Ord a => (a -> b) -> IO (a -> b) Notice how it gives you a pure function out. No need to do stuff at the runtime level, or write compiler hints. It just works. If you want to memoize some nasty function: -- Totally fine! Unless nastyFunction is polymorphic... nastyFunction :: Paper -> PublishedBook nastyFunctionMemoized = unsafePerformIO (memoize nastyFunction) If you're new to Haskell, don't write memoize yourself if you want a version that works with polymorphic functions as that requires some more advanced techniques. Most people who need a memoized function don't need a polymorphic one though. A couple years back I read a blog post with someone complaining about how hard it was to implement the traditional Lisp "map" / "mapcar" function. Specifically, one that took N lists and a single function with N arguments. The author was totally right, too. I could implement this generalized "map" function in Haskell, but it required defining an extra type class which is a little extreme. Of course, the real problem is that people who are new to Haskell expect to sit down and solve problems in the same way they've been solving problems all along. This author was used to the "map" function from Lisp, and wasn't thinking about whether it was necessary, or whether Haskell had a different way of doing things. Here's what the "mapN" function does: > mapN (+1) [1,2] [2,3] > mapN (+) [1,2] [5,8] [6,10] The reason that we don't want to use "mapN" in Haskell is because of the following problem: > mapN (+) [1,2] ??? The result is either "[Int] -> [Int]" or "[Int -> Int]", with no clue as to which is correct. This is why Haskell has "zipWith", "zipWith3", ... Not as pedantry, but because the alternative is ambiguous. (You can use Control.Applicative + ZipList, but that's a tad verbose). My conclusion is that Haskell's differences are what throw people off -- programmers have to relearn how to do things they thought they had figured out for good years ago. (In this case, "everything is curried" means "varargs requires type classes"). It's FINE if you don't want to learn to do things differently and I won't think less of you, I respect your choices for what you do with your precious free time, and I understand that you might want stuff just to work now without learning anything, just please stop stereotyping the Haskellers as a bunch of ivory tower PhDs. I'm not even done with my Bachelor's. The function "unsafePerformIO" is not a hack, it is the tool that allows you to write safe functions with the correct, pure type signature even though the compiler cannot prove that the function is safe. For example, suppose you write "memoize" without using "unsafePerformIO". Here's the resulting type signature: badMemoize :: Ord a => (a -> b) -> IO (a -> IO b) The resulting output has type "a -> IO b", but it doesn't actually do IO and it has no side effects! It's a normal, pure, referentially transparent function, and it shouldn't be in the IO Monad. The correct signature is "a -> b", just like the input. The "unsafePerformIO" function is a non-hack used by careful programmers to expose pure interfaces to code that uses impure constructs. See the FFI tutorials for more examples of using unsafePerformIO. (Of course, unsafe does mean unsafe... you can easily cause segfaults with that thing, you have to use it correctly.) True, that. For some functions, memoization in Haskell is dead easy. Like "fibs", which is generally a poor example function but it illustrates a technique you can use for dynamic programming in Haskell that doesn't work in strict languages: fibs = 0 : 1 : zipWith (+) fibs (tail fibs) Now, I don't know if this technique works for the function you're interested in. If you want something more general, you can do soemthing like: memoize :: Ord a => (a -> b) -> IO (a -> b) memoize f = do ref unsafePerformIO $ do m return y Nothing -> let y = f x in do modifyIORef ref (M.insert x y) return y That's just off the top of my head (probably has syntax errors, never mind the type checker), and it has a number of drawbacks. For one, the map will get larger and larger -- you could use a LRU purging scheme but that's more work than I'm doing today. It doesn't support polymorphic functions, this could be fixed with some extra care but because of the way "memoize" would have to work you'll need to know a decent amount about the Haskell type system. There, I responded to llimllib's ultimatum that somehow my conclusion was incorrect if I didn't personally know how to implement a memoization function. Can I have a cookie? That rant at the end of my post above was me venting frustrations, on a lot of Haskell forums I see people posting about how much they think Haskell is not the language for them and I think, "If it's not for you, can you go to a forum that's not about Haskell?" Be careful lest thou misunderstand the GHC runtime, which is fairly subtle. In Haskell, the semantics are unchanged if the runtime evaluates a particular thunk multiple times. Haskell is fairly unique in this regard. For exactly this reason, Haskell threads do not need to synchronize when evaluating thunks in multicore environments. Synchronization has a cost, and that cost can exceed the cost of duplicate evaluation. It's a trade off. I think you don't understand the Haskell runtime. let x = [1..] in do print (x !! 1000000) print (x !! 1000000) Element #1000000 (counting from zero) of the list "x" is printed out twice. The first time, "x" is a thunk. That thunk is evaluated, and the runtime stores the resulting value back into "x". The second time, "x" is a constructor, so it does not need to be evaluated. You'll see the memory usage spike after the first "print" to account for the million cons cells allocated. This is no different than the interface provided by the memoization function. What distinguishes pure from impure is not memory access -- memory MUST always be modified in order to perform calculation. I recommend reading the Haskell report section on semantics. This article appeared over at Reddit about a half day earlier: http://www.reddit.com/r/lisp/comments/cs94g/on_preferring_li... I was really hoping it was a reference to Tad Williams's "Otherland". I'm disappointed. (EDIT: because the title was so ambiguous. It would be nice to have titles that described their content somewhat.) Hm. I have the sudden urge to construct such a distributed online hackerspace. Moore's law is about transistor count, not about speed. The increasing number of cores on a single die is predicted by Moore's law. I would find it much easier to follow the article if the author used traditional mathematical notation instead of Clojure. Which do you prefer? (* t (/ 1000 w)) or (perhaps typeset properly) t * 1000 / w Check out GHC's new IO manager. GHC, by default, uses non-blocking IO exclusively and calls "poll" or some equivalent syscall to figure out which green thread to wake up. This is incorrect. You would need to find a polynomial algorithm for at least one "NP-hard" problem, not any problem in NP. And a polynomial, exact algorithm would not necessarily be superior to heuristics for relevant real-world NP problems such as 3SAT... what if the polynomial were O(N^1000)? "Although it is typically not important to know, it’s worth stating anyway that while you can access these file descriptors though the above paths they actually exist in the memory allocated to the program by libc." Incorrect. The file descriptors exist in kernel memory, and user code simply refers to them by number. (Sure, you have to allocate memory for the number, but that's not necessarily done by libc.) "In a large enough population of data, collisions [of cryptographic hash values] happen." True, but this does not happen in practice. Using SHA-1 as an example hash function, you'd need about 10^24 different files before you would expect a 50% chance of a collision. You are not going to come anywhere near this limit, 10^24 different files have not been created during the entire span of human history. I did a Google search for a SHA-1 collision and I thought nobody had found a collision yet, they had just found a collision attack in the 2^50-2^60 range. Of course, turning a collision into an exploit in this case would be challenging. (Preimage attacks ⊂ collision attacks.) In those same modern shells, "echo" and " At the time, the majority opinion at Unicode was "that's just a font problem" but you see, it was people from Europe who were pushing for CJK unification in the first place. However, there are some characters in CJK whose standard glyphs are so different from the Japanese kanji that they are unrecognizable to native readers. Language experts would look at both glyphs and say they are the same character, but most people are not experts. The lesson learned (since this is HN): If you are writing an internationalized application, make sure you use the right font for Japanese users and the right font for Chinese users. And this is one more reason why internationalization is hard, and just using UTF-8/16/32 strings is not good enough. I hope you submitted a bug against python-cheetah...? (This kind of thing is what I signed up for when I installed Arch.) I grew to dislike the AP style guide, which proscribes the final serial comma. Of course you may rearrange the sentence, "Kris Kristofferson, his two ex-wives and Robert Duvall" but then one wonders if they are Kristofferson's wives. Hm, really? I've heard some fair praise for them. I prefer my keyboard (it has brown Cherry switches) but the thin Apple keyboards seem a step above standard membrane switch keyboards (this is the catch) once you get used to them. I wonder if this is related -- it seems that people who wear shoes with less padding (or no shoes) are less likely to get certain types of injuries. With no padding, we strike the ground carefully. Wearing cushioned shoes, we strike the ground with full force. I like the driving analogy. It seems that whenever I'm working on a tough programming problem, if I decide to go for a walk I'll get a "eureka" moment within a couple minutes of going outside. There's a disturbing tendency for the eureka moment to be, "Aha! I don't even need to write this program in the first place." Resident here. These are off the top of my head, so I'll miss some. Food: I recommend the following two food carts for eating lunch downtown: "Ziba's Pitas" on SW Alder and 9th Ave (try the ajvar), and "KOi Fusion", whose location is posted via twitter at http://www.twitter.com/koifusionpdx . Voodoo donuts is open 24/7 and conducts wedding ceremonies. Tech: I second the recommendation for http://calagator.org/ . Powell's books is also a must, the technical store is now across the street from the main store which is convenient. Science: Your timing is unlucky in a sense, you won't be able to go to OMSI after dark (Oct 27, http://www.omsi.edu/afterdark ) or science pub (Nov 1, Nov 16, http://www.omsi.edu/sciencepubportland ). I'd say OMSI is one of the top five science museums nationwide, and the best science museum on the west coast. Art: On the first Thursday of every month (Nov 4), there are a bunch of art galleries and stands that open up in NW Portland starting in the afternoon and picking up in the evening. http://www.firstthursdayportland.com/ The Portland Art Museum is also excellent. http://portlandartmuseum.org/ Parks: Japanese gardens, rose gardens. Neighborhoods: SE Hawthorne ST and NW 23RD AVE are interesting places and friendly to explorers. The vicinity of NE Alberta ST has a disproportionate number of cool parties, but good luck figuring out when / where / whether you need an invitation. Music: The Doug Fir, Berbati's Pan, Jimmy Mak's, Someday Lounge, Backspace, Satyricon are just a few examples. The Doug Fir stands out, especially if you like indy rock. Go to Jimmy Mak's if you like jazz. Random: "Ground Kontrol" if you like arcade games. It is also a bar. (Someone mentioned Wonderland, which is cheaper, but Ground Kontrol has the classics and I don't think they serve beer at Wonderland.) Hmm, you've convinced me to take my precious savings (unemployed at the moment) and go out. Oops, I almost forgot. I'd like to mention "Japan Night" on Mon, Nov 8 at Portland State University's Smith ballroom. It's a big annual event put on by the Japanese Student Society. I think tickets are $10 for non-students. Support the local university students! (Disclosure: I am tangentially involved in the event, so I feel the need to advertise it.) To be fair, it was changed to "Free Rail Zone" after the addition of two new rail lines, and the buses now pass through downtown noticeably faster without the free passengers (or I may be imagining things). It's kind of a showcase of Japanese culture: food (included in ticket price) (reputed to be good bentos, unfortunately as I am involved I won't get any), dance, fashion, music. I haven't been before, but it's a popular event (~400-500 people) and I've been to the annual Luau put on by the Pacific Islanders club (which is a similar event) and it was a blast. Tickets should be available through the PSU box office, though I don't have better details with me. The JSS (student club putting on the event) has a lot of Japanese exchange students as well as anyone interested in Japanese culture, and has "contribute to world peace" in the mission statement. (I also saw "we are not the anime club" in some of the literature they had, if that gives you a better idea of what the club is about, and what kind of event they'd put on.) I object! The average person has less than one breast and less than one testicle. This seems like... total nonsense. I mean, I understand evolution, fourier series, closures, electron orbitals. But these words seem strung together in ways that make no literal sense, and the metaphors are so vague that they might as well be meaningless. Once upon a time there were some molecules. Bumping into each other, these molecules formed into larger molecules. Some of these molecules bumped into other molecules in such a way that the other molecules formed into copies of the first molecules. I don't see how this has anything to do with "periodic functions". And somehow closures "introduce this idea of 'time'." Time is merely the arrow that points towards entropy. Conversations like these are why I transfered out of a certain college. "Why is that?" Complex configurations have more entropy than simple configurations. Life causes entropy to increase more quickly. You can think of living beings as agents of entropy if you like, but that implies that entropy acts with purpose, which it doesn't. I remember having an argument at college with someone who argued that the laws of thermodynamics conflicted with the theory of evolution. So asked him what entropy was. He gave a bunch of different layman's definitions, such as comparing it "disorder" or "chaos". I wrote down for him, "S = k log N" and told him that if he doesn't know Boltzmann's equation, he has no business lecturing me on thermodynamics. This person also said that there was no natural process that created information. I wanted to tell him that the laws of thermodynamics, combined with Boltzmann's equation, and used in combination with Shannon's definition of information, imply that the amount of information in a closed system must always increase. Interpreted physically, mutation increases the entropy/information in genetic code. If you want to know more about entropy, talk to a chemist. Chemists have to know entropy or they can't do their jobs. As for the linked blog post, the idea of applying theories from evolutionary biology to the study of information is usually attributed to Richard Dawkins in his 1976 book, "The Selfish Gene". This is the book that coined the term "meme", and I recommend it. Well, I'm working on something real right now. It's a web application that works now but it's a total hack. I want to actually make it into something usable by others so a couple days ago I black holed Reddit in /etc/hosts. It worked so well I'm considering the same for Hacker News, too. There's the comment by "AgentConundrum" who argues that any method of limiting access to an addiction such as HN can be circumvented -- the simple truth is that you can't outsmart yourself. However, I see it differently. When I open a browser window and click the Reddit bookmark, it gives me an error. While I'm staring at that error message, my higher thought processes have a chance to kick in and argue about what to do next. I think, "Editing my hosts file would be an admission of defeat. I'm better than that." It's like the "brush your teeth" diet. You know, the one where you brush your teeth after you've had enough to eat. Whenever you want to have a snack, you think, "I can't... I just brushed my teeth. Snacking would undo my progress with dental hygeine." Both of these tricks are flat-out illogical. A hypothetical rational person would not be affected by these tricks. However, if you were a hypothetical rational person, you wouldn't need to change your behavior in the first place. This sounds a bit, well, stupid. It assumes that the only long-term benefit to knowing how to play the piano is that you can then earn money as a musician. Bull. He cites a paper that finds that learning Latin does not affect other test scores. He twists the results in this article by saying "X" instead of "Latin" -- which is dishonest of him, he should have quoted what he actually said in the other article. Numerous studies have found correlation with musical ability and math test scores, although I'm too lazy to look them up for a comment on HN. The other thing going on is that by practicing so intensely you are getting better at practicing things. That is an extremely valuable skill, or an extremely valuable habit if you wish to look at it that way. Now I don't have any studies to back this up, so take my assertion with a grain of salt. What's most sad about this article is how little he sees his own cultural bias. He says that playing the piano is a worthless skill. I don't see how that statement can be anything other than a value judgement about culture -- music is culture. He says "Cost-benefit analysis is not a Western prejudice." However, the particular cost you assign to training and the benefit you assign to the resulting skill is inherently relative, and his judgement that forcing a kid to learn piano is bad and knowing how to play a piano is worthless IS a prejudice. His main attack on the science of the book is that he says there's no evidence that parents have any effect on a child's personality. Let's assume this is true. So what? What about skills and habits? Aren't those important? (He mentions skills but not habits. I assume that you can give a kid habits, such as brushing teeth before bed.) It's also torturous to have to read how he discusses questions #1 and #2, which are presented up-front in the source material and don't really need 23 cm of article dedicated to them. Now I'm not one to say that Amy Chua's method of parenting presented in "Tiger Mother" is superior. I suspect I'd find "Tiger Mother" to be just another pop science book. But this cost-benefit analysis is a particularly unsound attack on the practice. I want to see evidence, one way or the other. Sadly, it's not likely to come any time soon. Not that I'm disagreeing with the article, but I find the statistical analysis to be lacking. The article cites the difference between seniors and freshmen as measured in standard deviations, which would be a good way to measure these differences — if you weren't also comparing them over time. 1 standard deviation in the 1980s, 0.5 in the 1990s, and 0.18 today. However, if you note that college enrollment increased dramatically over the same time period, it is reasonable to conclude that the standard deviation of test scores now represents a larger difference in skill than it did in the 1980s. How much larger? We don't know. Kernels should not have resource leaks. A web server that leaks memory implies nothing wrong with the clients, a kernel that leaks memory implies nothing wrong with the user space programs. It just means that there are cases that the kernel developers didn't think of, just like the people who made Apache didn't think of the Slowloris attack. Heck, a few months ago someone exhausted Linux kernel fds in just by shuffling socket pairs around (just 40 lines of C with three syscalls). These are problems, ranging from remote DOS attacks, local DOS attacks, to accidental DOS attacks. In Haskell, I can: x = 0:y y = 1:x main = print $ take 10 y Producing output: [1,0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1,0] Both, obviously. Yes, but... (int)Math.random() always returns zero. A little suspicious. Hm, I think your statements is too broad: "...the stuff a static language demands of us is really a limitation of said languages." You could apply it to some languages, like Java or C#, but the Haskell and ML folks have an entirely different view of static typing. As Haskell has proven, a good static typing system can make it easier to write short, clear code, correct code. And dynamic types are really just a kind of static types -- reduce a static type system until it has only one type, voila, a dynamic type system. I jest. I tend to think about it the other way around, as "These are things I can do in a static type system but not in a dynamic one," but never let it be said that arguing about type systems on the internet was a good use of my time. 1/10 would be a repeating number in base-15, 0.1777777... (Well, technically, 1/10 is not a repeating number in any base, but you know what I mean.) I'm not exactly sure what you're saying, but it sounds like you're saying bcrypt is reversible? It's not... it's "based on" a block encryption algorithm in the sense that it uses the encryption algorithm's key scheduling functions. Irreversibility is the intent. Each message is just a resource, and we have a fabulous protocol for transferring representations of resource state -- HTTP. "Just add a push mechanism et voila." Given how much better HTTP authentication is compared to IMAP authentication, as well as easy support for multiple streams, statelessness, etc... it's hard not to be sold on HTTP. Of course it's not that easy. But let's not go inventing new protocols when we can avoid it... The oft-stated advantage of UTF-32/UCS4 is that you can do random access. But random character access is almost entirely useless for real text processing tasks. (You can still do random byte access for UTF-8 text, and if your regexp engine spits out byte offsets, you're fine.) Even when you're doing something "simple" like upcasing/downcasing, the advantages of UTF-32 are not great. You are still converting variable length sequences to other variable length sequences -- e.g., eszett upcases to SS. Now the final piece to this is that for some language implementations, compilation times are dominated by lexical analysis. Sometimes, significant speed gains can be had by dealing with UTF-8 directly rather than UTF-32 because memory and disk representation are identical, and memory bandwidth affects parsing performance. This doesn't matter for most people, but it matters to the Clang developers, for example. Additional system speed gains are had from reducing memory pressure. Sure, we have plenty of memory and processor power these days. But simpler code isn't always worth 3-4x memory usage. Text is not simple. Give me a call in 2038. Note that it says "Unbuntu", not "Ubuntu"... This is really not the proper way to report a vulnerability. > "Temperatures there may range from 85 to 120 degrees with plenty of humidity," the AP adds. Well, that's two different stories entirely, depending on whether those are degrees Fahrenheit or degrees Centigrade. Before I take my vacation there, I would like to know whether the ambient temperature is high enough to denature my proteins. What makes you suppose that? On an abstract level, you can model blur and camera shake with a convolution kernel. You can then invert the kernel and get back the original image. As an analogy, imagine that someone gives you an audio file with an echo. You can subtract the echo with a filter. Camera shake is harder because of the extra dimension. (Of course, you only get back the exact original in the world of mathematics) Defocus (or "aperture blur") cannot be corrected by the methods they mention in the video. However, there are other kinds of blur you can correct. You can get the offset with JavaScript, at least. It's the DVD of the audio world, ten years from now. It's supported everywhere. The quality is good enough, but we have better. > if we get this codec to run as fast as a native one Native ones have chunks written in hand-tuned assembly language, offload parts to specialized hardware, and other such tricks not available to ECMAScript. I'm not even sure why "as fast" is being considered a possibility. That's after you've already taken out your phone, launched the app, and taken a picture. Three out of four steps. I'm not sure how I'm supposed to read this... I guess I need an account? I don't know which Quake 2 you are looking at. Do a code search for Z_TagMalloc and Hunk_Alloc. > 16.5% of total Internet traffic on an average day comes from BitTorrent. Since BitTorrent traffic goes both ways (upload and download), 8.75% of this is downstream traffic. Uh, what? No. In a closed network, 100% of all traffic is downstream somewhere . It's like saying that 50% of all phone calls in the world are phone calls to someone, and the other 50% are phone calls from someone. I'm not sure that Python 3 adoption is "slow", per se. We're about halfway through the original adoption timeline. http://sayspy.blogspot.com/2011/01/my-semi-regular-reminder-... Don't forget that the air between you and the speakers is another buffer, holding about 150 samples at 44.1 kHz, assuming near field monitors. Well, that's why we have hardware monitoring. You only really need the low latency stuff for recording software synthesizers / samplers or if you have a virtual amp, etc. Well, most people seem to forget that if you are looking for correlations among N variables, you can't compare each pair with the same standards as if you only had 2 variables. (Remember the recent article about neuroscience papers? Same thing.) So the damned lie of statistics is pretty subtle, you just have to omit the number of variables you actually looked at when you present your data. I've met people who I thought worked very hard, people whom others relied on. I've been giving them the words, "If you're irreplaceable, you're unpromotable." This is per-state. For example, Oregon has no sales tax except for a couple things like tobacco and gasoline. Most states which have sales tax only have retail sales tax (plus a couple random ones). But no, wholesale is generally not taxed. (This is the difference between "sales tax", which happens when the end product goes to the consumer, and "value added tax", which happens multiple times. I don't think a single state will tax you on a box of diodes you order from your supplier, but if you go to Radio Shack they'll probably tax you.) Of course, a bunch of this work is sabotaged by stupid default `LDFLAGS` you get if you use `pkg-config` and some package (like `gmodule`) throws random stuff in there like `-Wl,--export-dynamic` which is just totally unnecessary for at least 99% of executables which only ever used `gmodule` indirectly in the first place... Yes, when you call a function you often jump to the stub. When you take the address of the function, it does something more complicated for PIC executables. Try examining the assembly of the following code: void func1(void); void *func2(void) { return func1; } You'll notice that unlike function calls , the code here differs with PIC enabled. I think your assumption is that function calls and function addresses in C use the same address, which is not true. Someone should mention package manager performance. Searching for a package in an Arch system will take a long time (10s or more) except on relatively fresh installs. It may have been fixed by now, but it was a serious point of irritation. Nope. The problem happened on multiple systems (i386, x64) regardless of filesystem (ext3, reiser), although problems only start after a few months. I found a bug in the bug tracker for it with multiple people confirming it and the "solution" was to wipe the package database manually every once in a while. That was my experience too. I switched to Debian from Arch a half year ago or so and I've spent far less time maintaining it; and once I'm used to "the Debian way" I can navigate new packages without having to think about it. And updates don't break my system or fail to deploy, and 'python' isn't a symlink for 'python3.2'. I also reported a major security vulnerability in the default configuration of an Arch package but I had to reopen it because the maintainer said something stupid like "people who install this package should operate on trusted networks". What? No, you're exactly right. The author defines "weakness" versus "strongness" as whether you can do something like "int + array" and get a result other than a type error. ECMAScript is very "weak". Haskell is ridiculously "strong" by this definition, since you get a type error for computing "(1 :: Int16) + (1 :: Int32)". As far as stricter languages go, there is perhaps only Ada. There are two kinds of language comparisons I've seen: 1. Language comparisons posted by dabblers, which you could scrape together by reading Wikipedia. You see a lot of poor logic and unsatisfying definitions, because if the logic were sound and the definitions useful, a dabbler would never have enough expertise to write the post. 2. Language comparisons by experts, which restrict the discussion to history, the underlying logic of type theory, or empirical observations about a small set of languages. Not everyone wants 16-bit floating point samples. ArchLinux doesn't have package signing, so patching sudo isn't going to get you much. iOS and Android both have garbage collection, and it is mandatory for neither OS. (I would consider ARC garbage collection, and nothing is stopping you from running C code on Android.) You're saying you have a different definition of "garbage collection", that's fine. Reference counting is listed as one of the three classical garbage collection algorithms on page 19 of "Garbage Collection" by Richard Jones and Rafael Lins. In the preface they define garbage collection as "the automatic reclamation of heap-allocated storage after its last use by a program." It is irrelevant to cite situations under which an algorithm will fail to reclaim storage as evidence that an algorithm is "not garbage collection", since it is provable that situations exist for every possible algorithm. I can write a program that creates an infinite linked list but only ever uses the head, most GCs would fail to reclaim the tail of the list even though it is garbage. This is not a theoretical concern, space leaks are possible under any automatic storage reclamation scheme. Since in practice you can write applications for Android and iOS with languages and runtimes of your choice... So... why don't you buy something like Rackspace email, which costs $2/mo? I was thinking the same thing. Maybe someone will plug the numbers into bar charts so we can read the damn thing. And if you need more proof that the color is not isotropic, try looking to other wavelengths. If you look through a near IR filter, you'll see a bright sky near the sun and a very dark sky far away from the sun. (Okay, so technically you'll see black everywhere because the human eye is so insensitive to IR.) This is a major reason why IR photographs are so dramatic looking -- the isotropic sky allows photographers to create a black sky with white clouds in full daylight, and foliage is also fairly bright to IR. You have the right idea, but the wrong numbers. Terribly, terribly wrong numbers, it's quite clear you're making those numbers up. No filter for an audio ADC would ever have a cutoff as low as 2.2 kHz, not even if it were for a telephone. (You have a strong signal theory background? No offense, but really?) When you use a 44.1 kHz sampling frequency, any frequency above 22.05 kHz will be "aliased" and recorded as a lower frequency. This sounds incredibly nasty, like the sounds you'd get out of a broken Commodore 64. So you have to remove frequencies above 22.05 kHz in order to get a clean recording. But human ears can hear up to 20 kHz or so depending on age (e.g., NTSC TVs with cathode ray tubes have a 15 kHz horizontal refresh which drives me nuts, but my parents can't hear it at all). The trick then, is to design a filter that will let the 20 Hz - 20 kHz band through while stopping everything above 22.05 kHz. We call 20 Hz-20 kHz the "pass band" and 22.05 kHz and above the "stop band". We don't really care what happens to the frequencies between the pass band and the stop band: the range from 20 kHz to 22.05 kHz which can't be heard well enough to be worth preserving and doesn't cause aliasing so it doesn't need cutting out. This is difficult because the stop band is only 1.1x the frequency of the pass band -- for you musicians out there, that's less than the difference between C and D on the western scale. (Just think for a minute: design a filter that lets middle C through, but completely filters out the D above.) Heavens no you wouldn't use a Butterworth filter for such a task. We want an elliptic filter, probably. 3rd order is no good either, it won't give a sharp enough cutoff. 8th order is better. This will get you a cutoff around 20 kHz with something like 60 dB attenuation at 22.05 kHz. People need a lot of these filters, so you can actually go out and buy a 20 kHz low-pass 8th order elliptic filter as a monolithic chip. Let's suppose you chose a 48 kHz sampling rate instead. Now the stopband starts at 24 kHz instead of 22.05 kHz. It sounds like a small difference (22.05->24 kHz cutoff) but it's actually a factor of 2 (2.05->4 kHz transition band). This means that with the same components, you can get 80 dB or more attenuation in the stop band. Now go to 96 kHz. You have to design a filter that rolls off between 20 kHz and 48 kHz. That's easy peasy, and you can reduce the ripple, increase the attenuation, maybe reduce the order (affecting noise) and make all sorts of design tradeoffs that are much easier. Now think about 192 kHz. What's the point? What does 192 kHz get you that 96 kHz doesn't have? It's already easy enough to design a very nice system at 96 kHz. I think 192 kHz is a bunch of bunk as far as audio is concerned. That's recording. Now let's talk about playback. Playback is very similar, everything goes in the opposite direction. You start with a digital signal, convert it to analogue, and put it through a low-pass filter. The aliasing noise is still there, except instead of reflecting high frequencies to low ones, it reflects low frequencies to high ones. So you get the same trade-offs. The difference is that playback requirements are not as difficult as recording requirements. In particular, the required SNR of a playback system is lower than that of a recording system. I think 48 kHz is fine for playback. The problem is these stupid 192 kHz systems have backers with big names who never bothered to do proper double-blind tests to figure out if the difference is actually perceptible. You can even get a 384 kHz system these days, which would be overengineered for dogs and is more than good enough for bats. This really needs to clarify the wording on the 300 redirects... Hm, I'm working on an app for learning how to read Japanese. (I have Emacs open right now, actually.) I would like if the results were grouped by whether the word was connected to the meaning or the appearance of the character. For example "star" yields "★" and "星", I was probably looking for "★" and if I wanted "星" I'd reach for a dictionary instead. > It complicates the system to have to maintain a balanced internal ecology; look at the probiotic yogurts out there to see how often it gets out of whack in the real world. If I were engineering the human body, I would replace the liver with a system of symbiotic flora. It would be easier to replace without having to figure out how to clone organs or take a liver from someone else. From Wikipedia, "Rodents raised in a sterile environment and lacking in gut flora need to eat 30% more calories just to remain the same weight as their normal counterparts." Are you sure the iPhone power supply has no transformer? I haven't cracked one open but I'm guessing it has one. Increasing the switching frequency allow a reduction in core size, and with frequencies in the 1 MHz range these days the transformers are pretty small. (Further increases are not recommended due to increased hysteresis loss.) The 2-way communication is already there, your wish has been fulfilled. Okay, not all DC equipment has it, but that's how USB works. You plug into a USB port you get up to 100 mA free, you can negotiate to increase the limit up to 500 mA. Apple's iPod/iPhone/iPad chargers put nonstandard voltages on the data pins to indicate to the device that they can supply some larger amount of current, like 1A or 2A or whatever. Different voltages on the data pins correspond to different current limits. (So for the chargers it's one-way communication, not two-way like USB, but the two-way communication isn't needed for chargers that only plug into one device.) This isn't the first time Apple messed with the USB power specs, if you had a G4 cube back in the day you'd notice that the speakers would only work if plugged directly into the Mac, which supplied 800 mA from its USB jacks. Personally, I think it's pretty dumb that USB only supplies up to 500 mA -- that's just 2.5 W. Meanwhile, Firewire could supply up to 45 W, which is why Firewire hard drives don't need to plug into the wall. I'm not sure what problem variable voltage is supposed to solve. I said hysteresis loss, but that's just the first barrier. Higher frequencies are also subject to the "skin effect" which requires thinner wires, therefore more wires or ones with lower resistivity (e.g., superconductors). Then you need to get transistors capable of handling the increased switching frequency, and you need to be able to deliver the increased drive current to the transistors. > I'd imagine the dynamic range sucks though if each pixel is so small that it saturates quickly. Well, if you replace a single sensor with four sensors that saturate more easily, observe that the chance that all four sensors saturate may be less than the chance that the original, larger sensor saturates. Answering the question, "how much light actually fell on these four sensors" becomes a more difficult problem and may yield greater error but is still tractable. For you with a math background: Let X_i be the amount of light that actually falls on sensor i, for i=1..4, and let e_i be the amount of uncorrelated noise. The sensor readouts are Y_i, where Y_i = min(X_i + e_i, sat) and sat is the saturation. Let X=sum(X_i). We know that X and each X_i follow approximately a Poisson distribution and we wish to know the parameter of the distribution for X. Obviously, if Y_i = sat for all i then we are SOL. However, if not, then we can always use some kind of reasonable estimator for the desired parameter. Well, that's the idea of monads -- you can see them everywhere because their original purpose is to express imperative programming mathematically. It's like thinking that all numbers can be represented with digits; of course -- digits were invented to represent all numbers. But the thing that makes Haskell unique is not that you have explicit monads. It's that you can (1) use monads other than the IO monad (like Maybe, [], STM, ST), and (2) that you can choose to use no monads at all in a given function. To put it another way, Haskell is unique because it allows you write functions without using monads, but in other languages you can't turn them off. Like nullable types, which can't be turned off in Java (ever debug NullPointerExceptions?) or Python, but which have to be enabled on a case-by-case basis in Haskell. Why pull a quote out of context to nitpick it? The article goes on to explain how common it is to check if an object is None and act differently, which is what gives us the same monadic structure as the Maybe monad in Haskell. Sorry, parent wasn't being specific. "Large aperture" here means large in an absolute sense, not in the sense of the aperture number. For example, I have an absolutely amazing f/2.8 lens for my RZ67; but f=110mm so the aperture is a whopping 40mm across. I also have a nice f/2.8 lens for my D40, but f=35mm so the aperture is 12mm which is pretty good. And I have yet another f/2.8 lens for my iPhone, but f=3.85mm so the aperture is about 1.4mm. The angular resolution can be computed from the actual size of the aperture in mm (and the wavelength of the light you are interested in) and you do not need to know anything else. So my RZ67 has a maximum angular resolution of about 1 arc second, the D40 is limited to 4 arc seconds, and the iPhone is limited to 32 arc seconds. The lenses are roughly equivalent in FOV, although the iPhone is slightly wider so it's actually a bit better than the numbers above indicate. The high resolution of the better cameras is also more limited by shake, and the actual aperture used will often be smaller; whereas an iPhone will be used more often wide open. Small lenses are more difficult to manufacture well, and lenses used wide open reveal a breadth of lens defects that a more reasonable aperture does not. But f/2.8 is still unimpressive if f is small. Resolving power at various f-stops + noise at various gain settings (ISO speeds) + available dynamic range + color gamut, although the color gamut available is likely more than you need. To be fair, that's what every webcam on the market does. (Logitech advertises 5 MP photos from a 1280x720 sensor on the C310. They're more than doubling the resolution in software.) I'm not really sure why people are trying to store bitcoins on a VPS in the first place. You can't process credit cards on a VPS and be PCI compliant (it's against the rules), but any moron can do what they want with bitcoins. It's not about "don't put anything on a VPS", it's about "don't put money on a VPS." If this is a GitHub exploit, and I were GitHub, I would be talking to law enforcement. This is not how adults disclose software vulnerabilities. According to the web page, New Gulim includes all of CJK, for Koreans this means Hanja, which are thousands of Chinese characters that haven't really been used to write Korean since the 19th century. The actual Hangul (Korean syllabary) characters require about 30 consonants/clusters and 21 vowels/dipthongs which can appear in characters in 9 different layouts. It's much more work than the 26 latin characters, but most of the font design is going to be copy/paste. So you could say the purpose of New Gulim is not to create a "Korean font" in the sense that a font you can write Korean with, but rather the sense that Koreans can use it to write Korean mixed with Latin, Chinese, Japanese, Cyrillic, and Greek characters with a unified design between scripts . That's a tall order. But you would still copy/paste to create subtly different glyphs, right? Just like I can copy and paste parts of Han characters to make 村 校 林 枚 様 機 横 (look at the left half), with slight modifications as necessary. (At a quick glance, I suspect the font I use has four variations of the 木 radical among those seven characters). As a counterpoint, I don't like the same movies Roger Ebert likes. But his opinions are consistent, and I know well enough where we are different, that I can usually estimate from the text of his reviews how well I'd like a given movie. Reviewers may prefer attentive staff, but the good reviewers (which exist) know that not everyone shares their preferences. That's the difference between a good review and a bad review: you can translate a good review into your own viewpoint and decide for yourself. When I think of noisy one star reviews, I mostly think of the one star review for a microprocessor where the guy didn't use a heatsink and the motherboard melted. There are plenty of folk who come across well in writing but are monstrous in person, I'd never expect to trust their restaurant reviews, and I might not be able to identify them either. But the delay involved in rendering to the buffer is part of the delay under test. We are not trying to get the lowest latency possible with the hardware, we are trying to get the lowest latency that a game could conceivable achieve. On SpiderMonkey, a Javascript value is a 64-bit word. In most cases, 32 bits are set aside for the tag, and one possible tag is 'undefined value'. So checking to see if a value is undefined is basically a simple comparison, like checking if a pointer is NULL in C (except very slightly more work). On the other hand, try/catch requires traversing some kind of structure to find the catch handler, and exceptions are often allocated somehow. This kind of action will need to inspect the stack, possibly look at the heap, and probably do many branches. Plus, try/catch is not typically optimized for speed of catching exceptions. Exception handling is typically optimized so that the code path that doesn't throw an exception is almost as fast as it would be if the exception handling weren't there. You want people to use your exception handling so they can write more error-tolerant programs, but they might throw it out if it slows down their correct code. If you make sure you aren't slowing down the non-exception path, you may have to make tradeoffs that slow down the exception path. The programming language shootout had a test of try/catch performance across languages. I remember Lisp was at the top, but not as if anyone cares -- try/catch performance isn't relevant to most programs. OTOH, you may find it interesting that the reverse is true in Python. In Python, it is almost always faster to catch an exception rather than to check first. The way CPython checks for errors is by checking the return value of functions against NULL, after all, which is very fast. Checking ahead of time requires more Python code, and the Python code is going to be the slow part, at least on CPython. It's far from a foolproof process. You have to be careful with choosing paper (RC vs FB is one choice, and RC is much better than it was in the 70's but I wouldn't consider it "archival", some FB paper may be acid free but still contains whitening chemicals which caused problems in the past) and the chemicals and washing process has to be done properly (it's easy to get contamination in the wash water, hypo in the final print will cause fading over time). Then you have to store it properly. If you frame it, you have to worry about the air in the frame -- there are stories of prints framed during building renovation that degraded since the frame trapped air containing chemicals from the construction. Tape is also a serious issue if you use tape (which is the best way to frame prints). "Permanent" is such a strong word. Sure, 100 years, if you get all of the above right. Getting well past 100 years is simply not within the range of simple silver gelatin prints; the silver will corrode due to the same process that causes silver jewelry to tarnish. True archival stability requires toning. You have three good options: sulfide, selenium, or gold. Sulfide (or "sepia") has a striking brown color which reminds you of old photographs. That's because only the old photographs which were toned survived -- the neutral colored black and white photographs faded long ago. Selenium has a more mellow black/brown color depending on the dilution, and can be made fairly neutral. It is generally preferred over sulfide. Gold, on the other hand, provides a slightly cooler tone (blue or green is possible, if you use enough of it) but it's expensive enough that the cost of the gold can be a significant fraction of the material cost. (Old gold-toned photos survive too, but they're rarer.) (Not all toners increase permanence, e.g., iron-based toners can give you a cheaper blue than using gold but they're water-soluble.) On the other hand, an inkjet can be loaded with carbon-based pigments. Carbon-based pigments can be found on cave paintings in France dating back 32,000 years, so they should be stable enough. I have no doubt that a good inkjet print with carbon-based inks will outlast all of my darkroom prints. In my mind, color inkjet prints have far surpassed color darkroom prints, but that's not as hard as it sounds. For me, it'd be fine if MSC (Microsoft's C/C++ compiler) supported a good chunk the following features: * 'restrict' keyword * C99 inline semantics * snprintf * flexible array members * designated initializers * UTF-8 string literals without using escape sequences * compound literals Now I understand wanting to "focus" on C++, but some of the above are very easy. For example, you can write snprintf as a three line wrapper around _snprintf, and change the parser to accept restrict (it already accepts __restrict). One would hope that since MSC already accepts wide characters, adding UTF-8 support would be fairly trivial. (Right now, you can only put UTF-8 in string literals either by tricking the compiler into thinking that you're using an encoding OTHER than UTF-8, or by using escape sequences). I would also hope that C99 inline semantics are easy to implement. If we had those easy things, the bigger items (designated initializers, flexible array members, and compound literals) would seem less. Extending this farther, I'd say everything you read or listen to in a foreign language should be in some kind of context, the richer the better. Reading characters outside of their context in words is pretty useless, but reading words outside of sentences isn't that much better, and sentences can be pretty awful by themselves. For example, in English: "Do you have any paper towels?" What does the sentence mean? Context #1: At a supermarket, talking to a clerk. The sentence means, "Please direct me to the cleaning supplies." Context #2: At a friend's house, after I spill soda on the floor. The sentence means, "Please give me some cleaning supplies." Context #3: A friend asked me to help pack for a camping trip, and we're going over the list of what's packed. The sentence means, "I suggest packing cleaning supplies." Context #4: A friend spilled spilled soda on someone else's rug, but is unconcerned. The sentence means, "You should clean that up." Exercise: Come up with a context where the sentence has its literal meaning, "do you have any paper towels?" Pragmatics (as above) are a pretty extreme example, but even fairly plain descriptive sentences can be indecipherable without context. E.g., in Japanese 「本を貸してくれた。」 you know that somebody lent someone else a book and that the speaker somehow benefited from this action, or perhaps feels grateful. It probably very clear in context, but you have to practice reading it with the context. And this is why flash cards suck (not that they're useless...) Dammit, I stumbled across what looked like a master's or PhD thesis comparing Heisig's approach to others, quantitatively. I didn't read it even though I knew I wanted to. Mental note to find it again. But if you want to be proficient, you have to be able to read words as a chunk with associated meaning and pronunciation, without the intermediate mnemonic device. So at best it's something you'd want to forget, and at worst it's something that you wouldn't want to learn in the first place. I'm not sure whether you're being satirical or whether you're explaining viewpoints other people or whether you're representing your own opinion. In response, (1) It's deterministic w.r.t. the wave functions, but you can't really measure wave functions, you can only measure classical things like momentum or energy. (A measurement is actually an interaction, of course.) If you manage to give your TV a wave function 50% in the bedroom and 50% in the living room, then you decide to watch TV, you've just given yourself a wave function that is 50% in the bedroom and 50% in the living room, and 100% correlated with the TV's wave function. A wave function can't be measured because if you try to measure it, all you're really doing is correlating yourself with the wave function. So the real problem is that it's hard to reconcile our description of quantum mechanics with our experience of it. We describe QM as if we're outside Schroedinger's box, but we experience it from the inside. "Many worlds" describes it from the inside, but people don't like the many worlds interpretation exactly because it doesn't privilege one of the worlds as "real". (2 & 3) Theories of free will were kind of worn out during the 17th century. Associating free will with quantum mechanics is kind of like shoving the Christian god into the cracks in evolutionary theory. There's little actual evidence that the brain takes advantage of QM decoherence on any scale worth appreciating. QM consciousness theories seem to have forgotten all of the progress during the age of enlightenment (David Hume, for example) wrt the definition of free will itself, and the phrasing of questions about free will in such a way that the discussion can be productive. The discussion about "qualia" in philosophical circles is equally unproductive. They call it "qualia" because they don't want to be called dualists, which is understandable. (4) I'm not sure how this has anything to do with QM. The fact that our brain can do to things at once (which it demonstrably can) doesn't have anything to do with quantum mechanics. A car can do things that engines or wheels never can, but you'd never call it quantum. (5) QM provides an "out" for objects which are cloned in the classical sense. In QM, there is no such thing as identity; two electrons (for example) are interchangeable. This means that if you prepare a classical clone of yourself but the two clones get mixed up, from a QM perspective the question of identity is meaningless. So if you say X is the clone and Y is the original and Y is dead, the labels "clone" and "original" are actually arbitrary and you could relabel X as the original and Y as the clone, so the clone is dead and the original is alive. It's like you have a bucket of electrons, and you paint one of them orange so you can remember it later. Can't do that in QM. Even if you put one electron in a magnetic trap, there's no saying it doesn't swap places with one of the electrons still in your bucket. You can't paint one copy of yourself as "clone" and one as "original". Of course, two copies of a person (neither privileged over the other as "original") don't stay interchangeable for long. Summary: Many philosophers and physicists alike have a warm and fuzzy conception of consciousness, but they're just being noisy and some folks are actually making progress. Warm and fuzzy is old news, and quantum is just the latest flavor of warm and fuzzy. Daniel Dennett is an example of someone worth listening to about cognition, though I'm not saying he's right . (3) My first problem is that most definitions for qualia I come across are back doors for dualism. The second problem is that I'm not sure there's any point to discussing purely subjective phenomena, since a discussion by its nature requires objective description. (4) I don't have an inner theater, or if I do, I don't call it that. I have no idea what you are talking about. I don't know how this relates to a supposed indivisibility of consciousness (I mean... how are we supposed to know it's indivisible, since we lack the technology to cut a brain up and split it between bodies, not to mention the ethical issues? Am I supposed to trust you that it's indivisible? And what about the evidence from split-brain patients?) If anything, I perceive a very disjointed self. For example, I feel like I have a distinctly single-threaded audio processor which can run independently of other functions. I can play the piano and talk, but not at the same time, and when I'm doing other things quietly I get free background music in my head without using an iPod. (I wouldn't call it inner theater.) One reason we can't understand brains the way we understand cars is because the human brain is more complex by many orders of magnitude . So saying our "consciousness itself does not seem to be divisible in that way" is not very convincing. Microprocessors also don't seem to be divisible that way, but I've been assured that they are. And another important difference is the processes that designed cars, microprocessors, and brains. Part of the design criteria for cars and microprocessors is that they be easy to understand from understanding their parts. The car is designed to be understood. A better comparison might be circuits designed using powerful optimization algorithms. A number of researchers have designed circuits using general purpose algorithms (such as genetic algorithms or swarm algorithms). For all but the most basic end goals, the circuits are practically incomprehensible. One researcher designed an analogue circuit to compute the cube of an input voltage, the resulting circuit defies understanding even though its components are clearly simple transistors. Another researcher made a signal analysis circuit using an FPGA, the resulting mess was a technological marvel but not something you could understand by sitting down and looking at the schematic. Given that the human brain is probably at least ten orders of magnitude more complicated, and created using an equally powerful optimization algorithm, there's no need to bring in quantum mechanics to explain why we don't understand the brain. I think the major problem here is that too many people I meet have a narrow view of what it means to "understand" something. We're used to understanding (a) simple things, like thrown rocks and (b) complicated things for which there exists significant neural machinery to analyze, such as used car salesmen. As the things we try to understand become more and more complicated, the way we understand them becomes more and more like the Chinese room. (5) Never said there was one electron. I said that the two electrons were interchangeable. I'm saying if you actually could clone someone to the extent necessary for Star Trek teleportation but forgot to dematerialize the original, then the label of "clone" and "original" is arbitrary. To me, it seems a cop out to assume that everyone agrees that one is the clone and one is the original. Could you clarify what you mean by "confirmed by experiment" and "key part of the universe's workings"? The problem here is that the subject of the sentence is "it", so I'd like to know exactly what is confirmed by which experiment, please. I'd also like to hear how consciousness just "falls out" of quantum mechanics, since my current understanding of Newtonian mechanics is sufficient to me. My theory is that I am a machine whose output is composed of deterministic parts and thermal noise, and I have yet to encounter experiences not explained by this theory. As for string theory, its acceptance is hardly universal. The primary pull of the "patch theory" is that it will allow you to share code more easily between different "patch sets" (branches / forks). The reality of software projects means that you can't automate such a process except in the most trivial cases, and other VCSs handle the trivial cases already. You can imagine that I write a new filesystem for Linux, but I wait two years and the FS interface has changed drastically, the old patch is meaningless. If the patch is sufficiently independent textually, then Darcs lets you reorder it anywhere you see fit, even if you know that doesn't make sense. You have detailed knowledge of the system, Darcs doesn't. By contrast, Git/SVN/Hg folk think about snapshots of development. So it's a different paradigm. But the snapshot paradigm is almost always the most useful paradigm, since every snapshot in history (unless you rebase) is going to be one that was actually vetted by a real programmer. Reordering patches throws away the valued actual snapshots that you were working with in favor of automated reconstructions of what a snapshot might have looked like if you had been programming in that order. Of course, you can always do the same dangerous things with Git and rebasing. Rebase only requires you to review the commits to the same extent that merge does, unless you're doing an interactive rebase. Honestly, I expect the differences between Darcs and Git in terms of rebase / interactive rebase / cherry pick / merge to be a matter of implementation. Both systems are fed the same input, both track enough of it, so both could theoretically provide the same output. (I think Darcs is a little better at it, but every merge should be done with a watchful eye in either system.) But I get the feeling that the patch-centric model is encouraging users to play fast and loose with patch order. If you wantonly reorder patches, you might get a sequence of unusable code bases culminating in the current working version of your software. It's easy to move a patch that uses a feature to a point before the feature is introduced. Basically, the claim that "Darcs automatically groups changes which depend on each other" is one that I can't take seriously. How can it know which changes depend on each other, if (for example) they're in different files? By comparison, I hear from the Git folk advice along the lines of, "Be careful with rebase, because it is a destructive operation". And because Git is snapshot-centric, if the app crashes in testing you can look at the SHA-1 used for the build to check out the exact tree used for the build, even years later, if necessary. No tagging required. So because it's a "natural consequence" it's not an actual problem? Sorry. Distribution on Linux can be a similar nightmare. Try downloading a source package to find that it requires version 2.3 of LibExample, and you have version 2.2, but the developers didn't know they needed 2.3 and the configure script doesn't detect the discrepancy, so you get some cryptic compilation error halfway through. Binary distribution on Linux is possible, the Xonotic folks did it, but it's a lot of work. Android development is more forgiving since the API as a whole is versioned, but portable programming is still more work. Diversity of hardware and software isn't an inherent boon, it's just something that brings its own benefits and drawbacks. It's the bulk mail method. Send physics at two million people a year, not everyone is going to "get" it. But we don't know which of those two million are going to grow up and revolutionize the semiconductor industry, which of those are going to jury-rig some clever device at home that keeps their energy bill down, and which of them are going to forget it all. Just like you never know which email address will respond to a Viagra advertisement. That's only half of the market. If company A is willing to pay you $100k/year, and you won't work for less than $120k/year, what's your market value? Maybe you wait a few weeks and get an offer from company B for $140k, and you negotiate it up to $160k. The manager was willing to pay $180. Meanwhile, company C wants you for $200k, but you never sent them your résumé. What's your market value? (You have poor liquidity, so it's hard to figure out what your actual market value is. Market value is the estimated salary you'd actually get after a negotiation, which is usually going to be above your minimum salary and below the maximum offer. Your actual salary is only one more piece of data you can use to figure out what your actual market value is.) It's for organizations that have different standards. For example, the DoD has a pretty strict standard w.r.t. erasing traditional magnetic hard drives, even though `dd of=/dev/zero` should be good enough. Attacks at that point are theoretical, but they want defenses against theoretical attacks. From the pictures, it looks like each fret is separated into six pieces, one for each string. Presumably, this is how it tells which note you are playing. Pressing a string to the fret completes an electrical circuit. At first I thought the bridge had optical pickups based on the way it looked, but according to the description, the thing has no pickups. There are some serious flaws with this design. 1) It looks like you can't bend strings, because the frets are divided into six segments. The string would get caught between the segments. If there's some kind of non-conductive bridge between the segments (unlikely), then it will probably wear differently. If you can't do a whole-step bend, then there's an enormous volume of music you can't play. 2) It's going to sound like trash. Without pickups, it has to synthesize the sound. I've gotten usable sampled guitar tracks before, but I did that by recording samples specifically for the song and manually tweaking each note. 3) It's unnecessary. You could basically take a stock Stratocaster, add a hex pickup and a LED neck, and you're done. The LED neck isn't easy, and of course it won't sound like a normal neck, but whatever. The guitar will still be a normal usable guitar. If you want to divide guitar players into rhythm/lead and acoustic/electric, it becomes clear that this is a usable instrument in none of these four categories. Electric rhythm guitar strongly relies on palm-muting technique which you won't be able to learn without regular pickups. For electric lead, you need the whole-note bend and left-hand vibrato technique. The bend is impossible and the vibrato can't be taught without the pickup. Acoustic players want to be able to play and hang out with friends but the synth is just going to get in the way. You see the picture of that guy at the park with three friends (of course the two sitting next to him are girls)? He would probably be happier with an acoustic. Furthermore, if you learn on this guitar you'll be fairly hopeless on an acoustic since the strings are heavier (if you play electric and switch to acoustic, your left hand will give out fairly quick). Incidentally, I paid about $330 for my first guitar, a Fender Stratocaster, plus amp. It's more like $400 with inflation since 2003. Never had lessons but it sure ain't hard to figure out "Smoke on the Water" or "Smells Like Teen Spirit". There's no need for Americans to know which pin is live. (The correct answer is "both", by the way.) Americans who do DIY electronics / electrical systems all know that black is hot and white is neutral, bare or green is ground. Plugs come with cables, so there is no need to know which pin is which, and I'm not sure what the benefit of rewiring a plug is except in the very rare case that the plug is damaged. For the record, the bigger prong is neutral, which is exactly what you'd expect. > The reason is simple. Cheapest plans attract people who are just starting out and don't know what they are doing. This sounds like you are agreeing, not disagreeing. The problem with tangible/intuitive models is that our sense of what is tangible/intuitive is based primarily on our millions of years living in the Newtonian realm of the universe. How do I read this? I just get a "sign in" wall... like all other "Google Groups" posts. I was really surprised how many errors there were in the quiz. Errors in the quiz: 3. (unsigned short)1 > -1: This will evaluate to 0 on systems where sizeof(short) 5. SCHAR_MAX == CHAR_MAX: The person who wrote the quiz even ACKNOWLEDGES that the quiz is incorrect here and apologizes. This is implementation-dependent, it is 1 when char is signed and 0 when char is unsigned. Both types of systems exist. You can use -funsigned-char on GCC, for example. 11: int x; x 12: int x; x 14: unsigned x; x 15: unsigned short; x 15a: sizeof(short) == sizeof(int): defined for all x, since x gets promoted to unsigned. 15b: sizeof(short) 15c: sizeof(short) 15d: sizeof(short) 18: int x; (short)x + 1: This is outright incorrect. Casting int to short results in undefined behavior if the value cannot be represented as a short. Truncation is only guaranteed to occur for unsigned types. Hm, okay... the intro text apparently disappears as soon as you click start. For an example of signed overflow versus unsigned overflow, certain compilers are known to assume that int loop variables won't overflow. So "for (int i = 0; i != -1; ++i)" is transformed into "for (int i = 0; ; ++i)", since both are equal in the eyes of the C standard (both will iterate through all non-negative values that fit in an int, then both will invoke undefined behavior, so they are the same). The funny part is that it's often better to use int exactly because of the undefined behavior on overflow. By signaling to the compiler that you don't intend to overflow a particular variable, it can optimize appropriately. Fortunately, with a few simple coding guidelines you can avoid major pitfalls. 1. Always do bit operations on unsigned types. 2. Never overflow signed types. 3. Always shift less than the type width. I can name architectures which implement large shifts in three distinct ways. 4. Know that most integers get promoted to int or unsigned, so you need an explicit cast to get 64 bits on most platforms. So 1ULL 5. Treat unsigned int / unsigned long as contagious, just like float and double. No, expanding a short to int or long is never unpredictable. The C standard guarantees that the expansion will only ever occur if the resulting type can represent all values in the original type, and that the result will always have the same value as the input. If int is 32 bits and short is 16 bits, then converting unsigned short to int will always give a value in the range [0, 0xffff]. No exceptions. Even languages that are explicitly designed to be minimal can be anything but. For example, Scheme. The call/cc function is a lot more complicated than it sounds, and it sounds complicated. People are talking about removing it from the "minimal" Scheme. (There are two versions of R7RS, the big version and the small version. If you think that call/cc is actually simple, then you haven't tried to write higher order library functions such as map.) And Scheme's syntax for numbers was invented by Cthulhu himself. (Python 3 was supposed to be adopted this slowly, last time I checked.) But four 5%-tolerance 5-ohm resistors could be chosen to add up to almost exactly 20 ohms, but a 20-ohm resistor would never be 20 ohms due to the notch. In the old days, it might have been cheaper than the more accurate resistors. These days, high precision resistors are relatively inexpensive. The complaint here is that inferno (highest) difficulty is not enjoyable in the traditional sense. From what I understand, inferno is not designed do be addictive per se, it's designed do be hard and it's aimed at people who want to play hard games. I believe (but have no good citations / evidence for) that there's another system in the brain for rewarding behavior, one that is based on the satisfaction of accomplishing tasks that are difficult. This other loop may be a little harder to study, I'd imagine that it would be difficult to get most animals to exhibit this loop. Just take a look at a sample of walkthroughs for various games, alongside traditional guides you'll find esoteric ones: guides marked as "low-level", "solo", "pacifist", "naked", etc. There are also play styles such as "ironman". Back in the day, I used to play Diablo ironman with friends. You're not allowed to talk to merchants in town. I played FF6 "low-level", where you don't allow the characters to gain levels: run from any fight you can, but you still have to fight the bosses with a woefully underpowered team. It's tapping into the same reward systems that reward programmers for refactoring code. So I guess my final point is that you can't call something less addictive by analyzing it, since you can only analyze the addiction mechanisms you know about. You have to determine how addictive it is by measuring the behavior of the actual people using it. From a scientific perspective, this article is really a hypothesis. "Mandatory" is a surprisingly vague concept, even when used by people with real power. Yes, but that's the main difference between computer science and software engineering. > Finally, you should make sure your application does not exit early if the tag is invalid. You should do all the data processing you would normally do, just short of modifying the database, and check the tag last. If you return early you risk another timing attack. What kind of timing attack is that? In order for there to be a timing attack, there has to be a difference in the timings. 1. You can either process the data, check the authentication code, then commit. 2. Or you can check the authentication code, process the data, then commit. I don't see any attacks on #2 that couldn't also work on #1. Although really, the maxim in the title is true. You should never use hash functions for authentication, you should use authentication codes. As an analogy, you should never use a hammer to put in screws. That's not linkbait just because you have a tool that's a hammer on one end and a screwdriver on the other end. You can compare success versus failure. Success: check authentication, process data, commit, return 2xx status. Failure: check authentication, return 4xx status. The reason that you don't get any information from the difference in timing between the two branches is because you already get that information from the status code. Now on the other hand, if you use naive string comparison, different failure branches will take different amounts of time. That is a security hole, and it's not what we're talking about here. It's not the interfaces that are product types, but the concrete classes which correspond to product types. Interfaces are a different concept. In functional programming, an implementation of an interface would extend the domain of polymorphic functions that use that interface. The same can be said about Java, if you tilt your head funny and don't need to communicate with other Java programmers, and if you only care about single argument dispatch. That assumes the noise is uncorrelated. It's not hard to imagine scenarios where it's correlated. Of course, it's something we already know what we disagree about. Whereas using another set of names is an additional thing to disagree about on top of the existing things we already disagree about. US ISPs generally provide a modem-router. The point of the article is that the router provided by your ISP is probably terrible. > try not to replace tools in the future without understanding all the usecases of the old tool first. This is exactly why autotools is so hard to replace in the C/C++ world for distributing source packages on Linux/Unix/etc., and why CMake/SCons/Jam/etc. have only ever had success in the right niche (projects which are very large or cross-platform). Read the linked article. > The work-around is to just turn off ntpd. If ntpd already issued the adjtimex(2) call, you may need to disable ntpd and reboot to be 100% safe. The problem here is that we're trying to apply social pressure to a legal problem. Being intensely social creatures, our instincts tell us it should work, or that it's at least worth a shot. What we're trying to fix is that companies can even get injunctions for stupid reasons, and that patents are used as warfare rather than for encouraging innovation. Boycotting every single company that abuses patents is simply not going to fix the problem, especially since some of those companies don't even sell products. Look at Righthaven -- a boycott would have been meaningless, but the right case came along and Righthaven lost its teeth. And this only involved two branches of the government! Imagine what you could accomplish if you could actually pass laws to fix the patent system... Yes, but at the time, UTF-8 could encode up to 31 bits per character using six-byte sequences. It has since been restricted to four-byte sequences at the longest. Well, you see, that would change the behavior of the program. In order for it to resolve the vtable statically, which it CAN do, it would have to know what kind of vtable the NULL cowPointer has. And the true answer is that the program is already wrong once it accesses the vtable. To put it another way, such an optimizer would transform incorrect programs into correct programs. If you write correct programs, the optimization is useless since it only transforms incorrect programs. If you write incorrect programs, the optimization is dangerous since it makes it harder for you to figure out that your program is wrong. "Full screen" mode existed before Lion (10.7), but prior to 10.6 the API did not exist. There are actually three ways to do full-screen in OS X: 1) Use Core Graphics to capture the display, 2) Manipulate window properties to get the result you want, or 3) Send the toggleFullscreen message to a window (10.6+ only). Let's ignore option #1. It's primarily useful when you need to change the screen resolution without affecting other applications. You say that the feature was deleted from Quicktime, but that's not what happened. Quicktime 7 and Quicktime X have different code bases. Quicktime 7's fullscreen functionality predate the current fullscreen API, and so there's a chunk of code in the Quicktime 7 player itself to futz around with window levels, types, desktop modes, and animate the whole thing. The Quicktime X application uses a different framework for video AND a different framework for the GUI, I doubt that you could bring much code from Quicktime 7 to Quicktime X. Quicktime 7 used the old Quicktime library with Carbon. (So the API it was using to go fullscreen is even deprecated!) Quicktime X uses the new Quicktime framework with Cocoa. I myself have implemented the "nice" fullscreen technique, it requires some extra code but allows you to decide whether to allow other applications above yours. Yes, a Lisp-like language could use a giant conditional for a generic "length" function. But that's not how the source code usually looks, and there are Lisp compilers which optimize it so it's not done as a conditional. In CLOS, it will look as a separate DEFMETHOD for each type you want to define the function on, and these can be in separate modules. DEFMETHOD will just extend the generic function. And the function itself can be optimized to use the normal tricks -- things kind of like vtables -- to optimize performance. The S3 example is a bit facile since (1) S3 objects are like mud, they're all the same and (2) they map cleanly to the OO paradigm since they encapsulate discrete chunks of external state. At the other end we can throw around examples like BLAS and LAPACK, whose functions are much closer to the "functional ideal" (ignoring mutability, here). For example, if I want to solve a linear equation, how do I express that as a single dispatch method? Does it go on the matrix, or on the vector? Or do I have to create a new object from the two called LinearSystem, just so I can invoke a single method? We think about things in terms of coupled data, as pure functions, and as dirty generic functions (like the Lisp example). The only real lesson is that people get pissed off at languages that force them to shoehorn everything into one category (like Java). Languages are not inherently OO or FP, but they support OO or FP style programming. Python supports procedural programming very well, you'll see lots of "def" and no "class". If you argue that the integers and strings manipulated by a procedural Python program are called "objects" and therefore it is still OO, I shall point you to the C standard which indicates that the integers and strings in a C program are also called "objects". You can do procedural programming in Java, but you'll have to make all of the functions methods on some dummy class. This is cumbersome, which is the real complaint here. The "everything is a class" mentality is both an issue with the language and an issue with the community, but we tolerate it because they still make useful programs. Everyone needs a little "re-education" or assimilation in order to switch languages and not write puke-tastic code in languages you don't use every week. A seasoned Java programmer will likely have no trouble writing correct Python code, but you have to wait for a few dozen sleep cycles before the programmer will write idiomatic Python code. A more generic version allows you to parameterize based on the bound: newtype BoundedInt b = BoundedInt Int class Bound b where boundRange :: t b -> (Int, Int) fromBounded :: BoundedInt b -> Int fromBounded (BoundedInt x) = x toBounded :: Bound b => Int -> BoundedInt b toBounded x = let result = BoundedInt x (minb, maxb) = boundRange result in if minb Num (BoundedInt b) where abs = toBounded . abs . fromBounded negate = toBounded . negate . fromBounded signum = toBounded . signum . fromBounded x + y = toBounded (fromBounded x + fromBounded y) x - y = toBounded (fromBounded x - fromBounded y) x * y = toBounded (fromBounded x * fromBounded y) fromInteger = toBounded . fromInteger This assumes you want exceptions for overflow. Nowadays, you can put numbers in the type system, obviating the need for a "Bound" class, but I'm not familiar with it yet. The implementation above will also silently overflow given large enough bounds. Here's the flipside. Some people are never satisfied with the work of others, and it's exactly this dissatisfaction that can drive them to hone their own endeavors. Obviously, Miles Davis doesn't hate music and it's not as simple as saying his expectations are too high. You can tell by the way he reviews these things that when he listens to these records, he hears them as a jumble of good bits, missed opportunities, and garbage. He's not satisfied hearing missed opportunities, so he is "forced" to compose and perform on his own terms. > Either you play a whole chord against it, or else . . . but don’t try to play it like you’d play, ah, Walkin’ the Dog. You know what I mean? > They move up in triads, but there’s all those chords missing – and I never heard any Spanish thing where they had a figure that went > and you’ve got to have the rhythm section along; you just can’t keep on playing all eighth notes. Imagine that every time you listen to music, there's something else you want to hear. You have to get better at making music, or else you'll never get to hear that thing you want to hear. Personal anecdote: I was reading the other day and started to get disappointed, angry even, at the kinds of stories I was reading. I kept feeling that the stories were laden with missed opportunities for exploration, drawn out tension that couldn't carry the weight it was given, and hackneyed philosophy. I got a bit frightened that I might "have to" become an author. I'm not that good at writing, to be honest. But in order to read the story I want to read, I might have no other choice. (And of course, I'm glad Miles Davis was a musician and not a critic.) And the fireball created by the X-rays is, for a moment, hidden behind the shock wave. This makes a "double flash" which can be detected from orbit without even the need for a camera, just point a photodetector at the Earth's surface. Okay, they knew what the policies were when they signed up. Big deal. It's not like the devs predicted that they'd botch a patch for some 1% or so of their users. The developer is just saying, "Look, the cost-benefit analysis just doesn't support making a new patch." That's honest. It doesn't sound like a policy to me (you'd have to so something more than once before I'd call it "policy"). The devs don't owe it to the affected users to pony up the cash to Microsoft. Devs don't have unlimited liability for lost save files. Microsoft's policy makes sense from a "Look, it costs money to make sure that your games don't crash on users' systems." So maybe Microsoft will change the policy so that a small enough patch goes through a less thorough review process. That's what happens when your policy has unintended consequences: you reevaluate it. It sounds like a small percentage of users were affected by corrupted save data upon upgrading from the previous version. 100% test coverage is pure fantasy. You might as ask for a 100% complete specification of a product before you begin working on it. I'm actually just being devil's advocate here, but most bugs in games are not that important, and the companies that are a little sloppy can spend less money making mostly the same product. I want to make an RPG with a reverse XP mechanic. You start the game at level 99 and a full suite of skills, and they disappear as you progress. You fight the final boss with nothing but a few HP, your wits, and a wooden sword. I have a "department store" bike from about 13 years ago, purchased as a birthday gift when I was young. I'm sure it was less than $300. I probably rode it around 1400 miles in the past year, and I've been riding it heavily for the past ten years or so (my high school was about 5 miles away). Whatever the intent of the manufacturer, I'm convinced that a metal "bicycle shaped object" will get you pretty far if you want. I find it serviceable enough despite its rough origin. The brake levers, derailleurs, frame, and front wheel are all original, but everything else has been replaced. I doubt much of it would end up in a landfill, metal recycling is far too profitable for that kind of outcome. I think people are confusing the term "true random". It's still truly random, but it won't have a uniform distribution over all possible values. For example, a common trick in FPS games is to pick a random spawn point, but exclude spawn points that are too close to other players. Still truly random. Another trick in RPGs is to increase or decrease the odds of a successful hit according to recent hits and misses, bringing the short-term average much closer to the expected value. It's still "true random", but uses correlation between attacks to create an underdispersed distribution overall. (Basically, you want to make the variance lower to make people happy.) Well, perhaps it is a bug. An addition to the Info.plist in the editor could say, "always safe to open this kind of file". Old pianos, or their parts, have been a part of foley for ages. Plenty of foley studios have parts of pianos lying around, for example, the piano harp. Do you know the sound that the TARDIS makes when it materializes? Part of that sound is someone at the BBC radiophonic workshop scraping a wrench against the strings on a harp from a disassembled piano. There exist pianos with carbon fiber sound boards. They advertise increased tuning stability and reduced sensitivity to environmental conditions. I don't know how they sound. The advertisements say that they have "increased sustain", "a brighter harmonic spectrum", and a "much wider dynamic range", but to me, all of these sound like downsides. The dynamic range of some pianos is already too large, increased sustain beyond current levels makes everything sound muddy, and "brighter" could mean "harsher". For the same reasons, people are reluctant to replace wooden parts of other instruments with newer materials. I'd be willing to buy one, but I'd definitely have to play it first. JWZ isn't saying that OpenGL ES isn't the good part of OpenGL, he's saying that nobody should ever have removed things from OpenGL in the first place, because he wants to port ancient code to modern systems. Dedicated attackers routinely bypass two-factor auth. If your second factor is your phone, then they simply attack via the phone carrier first. Number 1-5 are mostly "I don't want to learn new things", so I'll ignore them. Do you remember when you learned source control for the first time? I don't, it was too long ago. Just like you have to learn SVN if you've never used source control before, you have to learn Git if you've never used distributed source control before. * "Unsafe version control", and then gives examples using -f or + , both of which advertise their destructive nature. Yes, you can also go in with SVN and obliterate history too, using svnadmin dump and svnadmin load. Git's reflog will have your back when you make mistakes, as long as the mistakes don't get too old. * "Power for the maintainer, at the expense of the contributor" Yes, most people write code on one branch for a long period of time. Git does this just fine. * "Burden of VCS maintainance pushed to contributors" First of all, nobody says that contributors have to merge. That is a decision that each project makes. Plenty of projects have the lead developers merging in everyone else's work. Second, the reason this is even an issue is because merging is such a pain in SVN that most people don't want to do it. * "Git history is a bunch of lies" Again, this is up to the individual project. Some developers like to work on six different things at the same time, and then they go back and rewrite history so that their six changes end up as six commits. The difference with SVN, is that these same developers would simply avoid committing until they're done with all six changes. Some projects expect rebased patches, some prefer proper merges. Worse, the author says that "filtering" should solve this problem, but doesn't propose how such a filter would work. * Complexity of simple tasks: Let's try not to artificially inflate the complexity of the Git tasks. For example, the Git examples assume no commit access, whereas the SVN examples assume direct commit access. If you don't have commit access to an SVN project, how do you do it? You either use git-svn and mail them a patch, or you use svn and mail them a patch. A recurring complaint seems to be that "git add" is not the same as "svn add". I don't see why it would be. It's not the same as "ssh-add" or "useradd" either. Additionally, if I have admin access to the SVN repository and rewrite history, how would you ever find out unless I told you about it? In that sense Git has stronger support for immutable commits, since rewriting published history will actually cause everyone downstream to stand up and notice. I think the re-porcelain option is really the most viable option here, for those who complain about git's arcane invocation. So many Git commands actually do two or three different things depending on invocation. Non-sequitur. My point is that if you assume C++ is just like C, you'll end up writing bad C++ code. Well, right now, the article only mentions a receiver. So you're half-way there, you just need to build a transmitter. And do please show how to build an 0.85 THz oscillator... I don't know much about this area. I know that there are vacuum tubes that operate in this frequency range. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backward_wave_oscillator http://apl.aip.org/applab/v93/i14/p141108_s1?isAuthorized=no http://www.sron.nl/index.php?option=com_content&view=art... It looks like the existing receivers at this frequency range are of the heterodyne type, possibly without any RF gain. A heterodyne receiver mixes the RF signal with a local RF oscillator, which results in a lower frequency IF signal which is easier to work with. At these frequencies, it looks like the local oscillator is a "backward wave oscillator" or a "quantum cascade laser", and the mixer is some kind of esoteric non-linear device like a "hot electron bolometric mixer", whatever that means. The highest frequency amplifier I know of is the "traveling-wave tube" amplifier, which goes up to something like 50 GHz. It's a crazy vacuum tube device and it's found on satellite transmitters. Making these things solid-state would be awesome because the tubes take up so much space and power on the satellites. Summary: There are vacuum tubes that operate in this range, and there are receivers without gain in this range. As for panning and stitching, don't they already want to be able to point the camera in different directions? And sensors -- they're not just looking for fancy new imaging sensors, they're looking for well-tested, radiation-tolerant sensors that can handle a range of temperatures. And then you need to redesign the rest of the circuit around it to handle more data -- all the chips driving the fancy imaging chip would have to be well-tested, radiation-tolerant chips that handle a range of temperatures. The risk here is "use tech that's 8 years old" or "increase the chance that something goes wrong on a $2.5 billion dollar project". Yes, the extensions are its saving graces. I'd use it for typing up a web page in HTML, but as soon as I try to type in Japanese characters, it all goes to hell. No, seriously. Typing Japanese characters in TextMate is a worse experience than, say, typing them into a terminal window, or typing them into an aged Carbon application that was obviously not designed for Japanese input. Well, naturally. It was originally a popular question on programmers.stackexchange.com, so the answers got a lot of eyes and a lot of editors. http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/152392/is-it-... That covers all the cases, then the second half of the article goes into more depth on the underlying reasons. It's a nice formula for an article. Hm, I was expecting this to at least mention that exceptions in Haskell pure code is imprecise, and you can only guarantee the exception you desire by throwing it in the IO monad. http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/um/people/simonpj/papers... Although I'm not sure what the point is in the article: yes, if you write a purposefully flawed instance of Typeable, you will get errors when you try to use it. I'm not convinced that this is a demonstration that it is "unsafe", since the flawed Typeable instance seems to cause errors in the code that uses the flawed Typeable instance, and not in other parts of the code. Back in England, there was something called the "hue and cry". http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hue_and_cry Bystanders could be punished if they did not help apprehend the thief. > The one surprise in ARMv8, is the omission of any explicit support for multi-threading. Nearly every other major architecture, x86, MIPS, SPARC, and Power has support for multi-threading and at least one or two multi-threaded implementations. What does this even mean? Are they talking about atomic operations? Hyperthreading? No, it's a bad idea to use the latest features. GCC still has to be able to bootstrap. This is why it was still using C90 in the first place. It would take a smart undergrad a bit of hand-holding to write a C complier in say, less than a year. (If you can write a C compiler, you should probably be in the Masters' program.) The GCC folks are feeling the pressure from Clang/LLVM, which is a good thing. Under the guidance of the FSF, GCC has intentionally tangled the front end with the back end. The purpose of this was to make it hard to modularize GCC, because if GCC were modular, then you could write a proprietary component for it (like you can write proprietary Linux modules). Their goal here is to make it easier for new developers to write their own passes or front ends or whatever. GCC may be more mature, but Clang/LLVM are way easier to dive into. Why are you bootstrapping on an embedded platform? But of course, they are not extraditing him for those crimes. I think part of that is the narrative that his wilder inventions were "suppressed". Things like wireless power transmission, which as designed by Tesla, (1) is ridiculously inefficient and (2) would cause significant collateral damage. The narrative of the competing current systems (AC versus DC) was inflated into some kind of larger ideological conflict between Edison and Tesla themselves, and we like to root for the underdog (even though Tesla won that debate). I suspect that the biggest part of his modern popularity is just due to retro aesthetics you see in video games like BioShock and Fallout, or appearances in media such as The Prestige. He deserves museums, but not hero worhsip. You can parse languages that are not context-free. "Parse" just means that you figure out the structure of the file, the word has nothing to do with the techniques used. I've gotten a bit pissed at the Microsoft C compiler for (1) having no standard way to generate NaN or Infinity and (2) having a good enough static analyzer that if you generate one by casting, it emits a warning saying that your arithmetic overflows. Gee, thanks MSC. I didn't expect "x = INFINITY;" to overflow. I get a 404, and when I go to http://aws.amazon.com/ I see nothing about glacier in the news feed. Hm, that link was 404 as well until just a moment ago. Must have taken time to propagate to the edge servers or whatever is going on there. Plus some additional reasons: if a singleton is initialized on first use, it might be hard to reason about which kind of environment exists when it is initialized -- what locks are held, etc. > "Michael performed a stunt he and other students and teachers have been doing for years," says Thomas Keil, professor and head of WPI's Physics Department. "Only this time, for some reason, he swallowed the liquid nitrogen. That turned a trick into a life-threatening medical emergency." The evaporating liquid nitrogen creates a buffer of nitrogen gas between the liquid nitrogen and your mouth. Nitrogen gas conducts heat very poorly, so you won't get burned, as long as you're careful. Swallowing the liquid nitrogen is different, because the nitrogen gas is trapped inside your body. According to the article, they estimate that the liquid nitrogen he swallowed expanded to "3 or 4 liters" of nitrogen gas. That won't fit in your stomach, so it will go to other parts of the body, rupturing tissue as it goes. That's what hurt him -- 3-4 liters of nitrogen gas gave him ruptured organs. Some kind of organization is going to perform the task of paying money for medical bills: figuring out which medical bills to pay and trying to get lower prices. It can be part of the state or it can a separate corporation; both kinds have historically shown the capacity to waste money. "Middle man" isn't a dirty word. The health care deals you get in the US are much better with the middle man than without the middle man. Since the insurance companies have so much power, they can (and do) negotiate better rates with health care providers. The cost of paying for your own health care is shockingly high by comparison to the rates the insurance companies would pay on your behalf. If this were a movie, I would expect his twin brother to be revealed. It's funny you switch to Arch Linux, because Arch Linux is exactly the worst example of broken userland that Linus is talking about in the post. Arch Linux values "bleeding edge" over all things including basic usability, and they willfully break compatibility with all other distros even when there is no conceivable benefit. The best example of this is the Arch mishandling of Python 3. Remember when they decided that "python" was now Python 3? If you are a Python dev, then alarm bells should already be ringing in your head. This is a BAD decision with no excuses. Python is wonderful because it is very portable. I can write Python scripts on my Mac and run them on Linux or even Windows without significant changes. Python 2 and Python 3 are incompatible, and I usually target Python 2 for anything I want to be portable, since Python 2 ships default on OS X and on lots of Linux distros. This is reality. My Python 2 scripts begin with a shebang, "#!/usr/bin/env python" which launches the Python 2 executable, wherever it is installed, on OS X or Linux. Unless you are running Arch Linux, in which case you need to go in and manually change the script to point to "python2" instead of "python". Except "python2" is essentially unique to Arch, it doesn't exist on Debian or Fedora or OS X or whatever. So no portable script is EVER going to point to "python2". But there's no real benefit to making "python" into Python 3. Anyone targeting Python 3 will write "python3", which works wherever Python 3 is installed, including Arch Linux. This is the decision the upstream made, and it's a good decision. Anyone targeting Python 2 writes "python", which works everywhere except Arch, and on Arch you have to edit your scripts. Who wants to keep a separate copy of your scripts for Arch? What if they're not your scripts? Do you write a shell script that runs "sed" to fix them? What if you keep your Python scripts in Git or SVN, and don't want to change them every damn time you check out a fresh copy on Arch? Worse yet, lots of Python devs want to install and test with specific versions of Python -- say, the Python version that their servers run. Arch sabotages this, because as soon as you put "python" in your $PATH, a ton of Arch programs break if they target Python 3. And they wouldn't have broken if they just said "python3" in the shebang to begin with. The result is that Arch has to maintain a fork of EVERY Python script in their repository. For what? No real reason. The only conceivable benefit of this terrible change is that a user can type "python" in the terminal and get Python 3 instead of Python 2. I've been doing this for years with an alias in my .bashrc, and it doesn't break every Python package in the repository. So in short, the Arch Linux developers promise a new world in which not only is binary compatibility impossible, but source compatibility for SCRIPTING LANGUAGES is impossible as well. They have taken a bad idea and stuck to it, dismissing anyone who disagrees with them by suggesting that they use "sed" to fix the user's "broken" scripts, in such a way that it would break compatibility with every distribution besides Arch. And I have further rants about Arch with respect to (1) their dismissal of bug reports of serious security vulnerabilities in default configurations (2) the dismal performance and general usability of their package manager (3) the inability of their maintainers to create a correct package for something as simple as a font (4) the terrible average quality of advice on their wiki, which is often gives advice that simply doesn't work for well-documented and easy-to-discover reasons. Gawd, use anything else. Gentoo, even. Okay, I want to rant more. (1) Security vulnerabilities are dismissed with the kind of reasoning like "users who run this package know what they are doing, and don't run the application on untrusted networks." Considering any (non-virtual) network secure is almost certainly a sign of incompetence in your sysop. (3) Install "terminus-font", it won't work. You have to manually "xset fp" the path to it. (4) See #3, and then look up the Wiki advice for it. It just doesn't work if you run e.g. GDM, which doesn't run ~/.xinit. There is a serious problem when "pretty much any system" excludes both Debian and Mac OS X, and I don't know which others. The "python2" symlink is frighteningly recent in the Python world, and some of us like to support systems other than the bleeding edge. It makes me kind of skeptical that you read my post, because this was the main point of my complaint. My point is not that it's hard to get Python scripts to run on Arch, my point is that I shouldn't have to do any work at all. You can see a summary: http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0394/ (note it's not yet been accepted) "Until the conventions described in this PEP are more widely adopted, having python invoke python2 will remain the recommended option." "This feature [python2 symlink] will first appear in the default installation process in CPython 2.7.3." Python 2.7.3 was released in August 9, 2012, slightly over one month ago. That means that if you are running a Python 2 that is more than one month old, you won't have the symlink unless you make it yourself, or your distribution provides one for you. > Why are these US only? It’s a conundrum which we probably don’t regularly need to worry about, but it’s unusual all the same (I’d love to hear insight on why there’s no .us on these). History of the internet: it was invented as a US department of defense research project, and grew into the beast it is today. You could buy a .com address years before the internet existed outside the US. Note that .uk exists for the same reason -- it should be .gb, which is the country code, but the UK had already been naming everything with "uk" internally. So the .edu, .mil, .gov, and .uk got grandfathered in. Others disappeared: ARPA, NATO, Czechoslovakia. People can still register .su domains, if they like -- that's the country code for the Soviet Union. Once a TLD sees enough use, there's no real way to get rid of it. I thought that the links, at the time, went mostly to other networks -- ones running X.25 or something. I noticed that it's not at all fazed by user agent spoofing. Nice. Specifically, in a vacuum the heads crash into the platter, damaging both. Better yet, open "Keychain Access", go to the preferences general tab, and click "Show keychain status in menu bar". Voilà, now you can lock and unlock keychains without switching applications. (This has been around for a long time, too.) Some web sites will require you to login again if your IP address changes, no matter what cookies you have. Additionally, the cookie expires. For these websites, the password is much better. 1) Open Keychain access. 2) Select a keychain item (a password) and double-click it. 3) Click on the Access Control tab. You can choose which applications can access that particular password. I think there's also a group system, and there's a group called "InternetAccounts", but most of the passwords I see have an access list (which I haven't modified) that only includes one application, usually Safari or Mail, but I also see "NetAuth" and "NetAuthSysAgent" for passwords I use for file sharing. You can also make it so keychain access requires you to type the keychain password in every time a particular password is accessed, and you can also put passwords in separate keychains that use different passwords. The choice of encryption algorithm only lets us point out which systems are broken, not which ones are secure. A secure system could never use ROT13, but a broken system could definitely use AES256. If you think of processors as plumbing, shuffle operations are like pipes: they put the data in the right place for other operations. General shuffle operations let you do things like convert RGB data to RGBA data without trouble. Shuffling is a more flexible version of the more common pack, unpack, and bytewise shift operations. It sounds like you really haven't explored how to use Keychain access -- including some of its most basic features like ACL configuration and multiple keychains. 1) Relocking the keychain can be done through the menu bar, if you enable the keychain menu item. You don't have to open Keychain access. When I let someone else sit down at my account for a moment, I lock the keychain. This is not a very difficult "workflow". This same menu gives you a "lock screen" item. 2) If you want to unlock and lock things with finer granularity, you can put those things in different keychains. For example, put your mail password in its own keychain. When you unlock that keychain, nothing else gets unlocked. 3) If you want to make it so new applications require typing in your password before accessing a password (rather than just confirming with a yes/no dialog box) you can check the box in the password ACLs. It's a bit of a bummer that there's no global setting for this. I think we have to weigh this against all the other bad things that someone could do when given access to your account. If the keychain containing your email password is unlocked it's basically game over, since there's so much damage they could do with your email account, and it doesn't even require getting the password. I remember people complaining loudly about the transition to Mach-O from PEF, but I don't remember seeing solid data that the situation was a problem. Is there data here that supports this? Some of this just makes sense (resolving function addresses through the GOT, which has an impact on correctness), but for the performance issues it would be nice to know how much is at stake here. Coroutines are not the same thing as green threads, which the author seems to half acknowledge but then really screws up the terminology for the rest of the article. Green threads are things that can be implemented using coroutines, or they can be implemented without coroutines. Python generators are coroutines, a specific kind of coroutine. And you don't see anyone calling them brittle or buggy. The author's real complaint here is that the traditional shared-memory-plus-locks model of concurrent programming is hard, and that's absolutely true. I don't see how using a cooperative scheduler makes writing correct programs any easier or harder. I used to organize LAN parties (up to 30 people); Quake 3 and other id Software titles were the most stable titles we played. They ran on a wide variety of hardware configurations without crashes or glitches. We'd often try playing a new game, spend 45 minutes trying to get it to work, and throw our hands in the air saying "Well, let's play Q3A because we know it works on everyone's computer." Half-Life and mods were in the same category, but Half-Life was developed using the Quake engine as a starting point. Okay, yes, Blizzard games are nice and stable and polished too. But have you been reading the Starcraft development articles recently? They've been talking about how much of a nightmare the entire experience was, with major bugs until just before launch. From what I gather, one of the senior developers was running around fixing bugs across the entire code base, and personally reviewed and fixed up an astonishingly large percentage of Starcraft code. One can wonder: if they were using static analysis, could they have shipped the same game earlier? Don't forget licensing. On the top-selling games are other games which are based on the Quake/id Tech source code: 3 Half-Life games, 2 Counter-Strike games, and American McGee's Alice. I'm sure only a small percentage of Half-Life 2 code can still be traced to its Quake roots, but it's still some impressive technology. ( Alice is a little more obviously derived from Q3A.) You seem to be arguing that id Software's games since around 2000 haven't been very good... but I'm not sure why, since nobody here is really disagreeing with you on that point. The argument here is that lots of successful games are buggy, and id Software's games aren't buggy. Trying to run BioShock on my computer is a nightmare (you have to mess with compatibility settings, and even then you get no sound at all). When I played Fallout 3 it crashed about once every few hours of play time, and that was late 2012 with no add-ons -- 4 years after the game's release you'd expect patches to address things. Bethesda has a kind of reputation for releasing buggy games, it seems. > This is a good thing. Object handles belong to the module that created them, and it is a good way to ensure a clean way to use accessor functions to deal with data. No, it doesn't prevent anything. There is nothing stopping you from calling free() on a buffer returned from a function in a DLL, it just might crash. There is nothing inherently superior about adding an additional source of crashes which are not diagnosed by the compiler. Indeed, this behavior may be compliant with the HTTP spec. From RFC 2616 §14.9.3: > The expiration time of an entity MAY be specified by the origin server using the Expires header (see section 14.21). Alternatively, it MAY be specified using the max-age directive in a response. When the max-age cache-control directive is present in a cached response, the response is stale if its current age is greater than the age value given (in seconds) at the time of a new request for that resource. The max-age directive on a response implies that the response is cacheable (i.e., "public") unless some other, more restrictive cache directive is also present. So, people were using "max-age=0" as a substitute for "don't cache", when the actual meaning is "don't cache for more than 0 seconds". The key here is: 1) You can just use "no-cache" in the "Cache-Control" header. 2) I always felt it was okay for caches to be "sloppy", to cache things too long if the software decides it's okay, as long as it's not extreme and as long as they're not caching things they're not supposed to cache. 3) Cache ages are integral seconds, so I'd expect "max-age=0" to mean that it expires when 1000 ms passes. I've dealt with a few terrible problems involving the "Cache-Control" header, mostly with IE. And PDFs. And both at the same time. The 303 status is one possible behavior presented, it's not even a recommendation, never mind a SHOULD or MUST. I keep on seeing this get thrown around, that POST is not cacheable: > unless the response includes appropriate Cache-Control Forgive me if I'm dense, but doesn't this "unless" clause mean exactly that if you include a Cache-Control header, the POST will be cacheable unless the Cache-Control header says otherwise? The discussion is then really about whether max-age 0 means "for 1 second" or "never". I don't see why it would be necessary for it to mean "never" when there are two other ways you can get that behavior: by specifying "no-cache" or by simply omitting the header. The entire discussion is about a developer who uses the following header: Cache-Control: max-age=0 And not long afterwards, Clifford generalized real numbers, complex numbers, and quaternions into what are now known as "Clifford algebras". Handy stuff. Certain algebras allow you to express geometric shapes such as points and lines using very simple equations. Other algebras show how quaternions (for example) arise naturally as the even subalgebra of Cl0,3(R). The "spacetime algebra" appears as CL1,3(R), which makes it easy to express special relativity. Scroll to the bottom of the article: > The pins on the plug are deactivated until after the plug is fully inserted, when a wake-up signal on one of the pins cues the chip inside the plug. This avoids any shorting hazard while the plug isn’t inside the connector. I'm guessing that there's a different mechanism for power plugs, since they have to work even if the device is dead. Yes, there's always a market for poorly made third-party devices, but poorly-made devices have always had the potential to be dangerous -- scroll back to the top, and you'll see a dangerous, poorly-made adapter that manages to be dangerous even though the power is always transmitted from female jack to male plug. A power adapter which can't handle a short is dangerous, period. Handling a short should be a part of the design of the power supply. Break open a low-quality third-party power supply for the last generation of iPhone and you'll see some downright dangerous, possibly lethal stuff. These dangers aren't really even mitigated by putting a shield around the plug. http://www.arcfn.com/2012/03/inside-cheap-phone-charger-and-... And a picture of what it should look like: http://www.arcfn.com/2012/05/apple-iphone-charger-teardown-q... Notice that on the shoddy power supply, the isolation between mains voltages and the other side is about 1mm. Manufacturing tolerances and component faults could easily bridge that gap and electrify the entire low-voltage side with lethal 240V mains -- shield and all. Idiot-proofing low-voltage plug design doesn't help, because you've already lost if you let idiots design anything that plugs into the wall. Okay, shorting the plug might blow out your knockoff power supply and possibly start a fire, if the current limiting circuitry fails (which it shouldn't). But that knockoff was going to electrocute you anyway, at least if it lights on fire you still have the chance to run. I deal with telemarketers the same way. I try to keep them on the line as long as possible, to ruin the caller's stats. (They always hang up first.) Welcome to 2012, where 1.6 GB doesn't actually seem that bad. It seems that direct download has seen a resurgence over the past couple years relative to torrent. For example, for plenty of Linux distros, you have to hunt a little longer to find the torrent link, but the direct download is a pulsing button. "Malicious obedience" means following orders when you know the result will be disaster. So, sure. > Having done a bit of Prolog programming in the dim and distant past, my intuition is that trying to make everything declarative is a mistake... Calling Prolog "declarative" or "logical" is just marketing. Prolog is really built around two concepts: unification and backtracking. This produces a system that can be used as a general-purpose language, but you will probably get more mileage thinking about it as a database engine, capable of expressing non-finite relations. Compare it to SQL, which only supports finite relations (finite number of rows in each table). Indeed, optimizing Prolog compilers will remind you more of SQL engines -- optimizing Prolog compilers produce indexes, does that sound familiar? It's a recurring argument on HN whether Python docs are good. Someone claims they're terrible, and someone always asks, "Why? I think the docs are good!" There's a critical gap between the expectations of Ruby/Java programmers of how to write Python and the way Python programmers behave. I think it really is cultural, to an extent. The Java programmers look for Java-style documentation, with classes and methods and lists of exceptional conditions. The Ruby programmers look for Ruby-style documentation, with lots of diversions into the "why" of things and the context, possibly with pictures of foxes. A Python programmer would consider the Java docs needlessly detailed and the Ruby docs a bit fluffy and not to the point, but after all, it is just a matter of viewpoint, community goals, and culture. There's also the issue of installing packages in Python, which can be a bit of a bummer, but I've never had a problem downloading a Python package from some site and following the directions. What exactly is the drawback of executing arbitrary VM code on an end user PC? If there aren't security flaws in the VM, then the code is sandboxed, and worst case you extract a really big file or hang WinRAR. Now, if there's a security flaw, that's a different story. But it looks like the VM just gets to play around with memory and registers and doesn't get any libraries or IO, and doesn't rely on type safety for correctness -- which eliminates the typical sources of security holes in more complex VMs such as JVM. And if you don't need great performance, then you can put bounds checks everywhere. Safe as houses. Unless someone screwed up. > The article's tone implies that these were the 'good old days' when compilers were small and fast. That's reading a lot into two short paragraphs. Tone doesn't come across well in text, and the shorter the text is, the harder it is to figure out tone. I don't hear nostalgia for the 'good old days' in the article, what I hear is, "Wow! What a feat of engineering to fit an IDE and compiler into 40k!" We get the same kick out of watching demo competitions. Have you seen the "Elevated" demo? Including the music, sound effects, textures, everything, it's only 4k... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YWMGuh15nE OS X 10.0.4 was released in 2001 and had 128x128 pixel icons in 24-bit color with 8-bit alpha, at 66k each. It was not typical to compress them. Generic TLDs are great for institutions with true international presence. Microsoft may be based in the US, but they have tons of employees and customers nearly everywhere so it makes sense to have a generic TLD. Same goes for non-profits like UNICEF, WWF, etc. What about accredited four-year post-secondary institutions? Sure, plenty of universities have an overseas campus or two, but these institutions really belong under country code TLDs. Cambridge is in the UK, Harvard is in the US, Todai is in Japan. So, what's the purpose of .edu? It's a legacy domain. US colleges and universities were a significant chunk of the internet in its early days; for years it was mostly college students and professors who had internet access. Since URLs shouldn't change, we're not going to ditch it, and for uniformity, we'll keep giving out .edu addresses according to the same old policies. (Yes, a few grandfathered .edu domains don't fit the criteria. There are random institutions like museums and high schools in there.) > As I mentioned at the top of this section, this VC++ 2010 ‘buffer overflow’ is apparently not a bug and would never cause crashes during normal usage. That's the problem when you try to track down bugs in other people's programs. Just give the best info you have, trying to debug a binary black box should be a last resort rather than an attempt to help. From what I can tell, the program will cause memory access violations during normal usage. Presumably it installs a handler to "fix" the violation and resume the program. You can use this technique to make a buffer that automatically expands without having to put bounds checks in the code. However, getting it right is extremely tricky. You rarely see these kind of tricks outside of language runtimes. For an example of this kind of trick, imagine writing a heap allocator that simply decremented a pointer and returned it. Heap allocations would be ridiculously fast, requiring one or two instructions per allocation. It does no bounds checking. Eventually it will return a pointer to a bad page which will trigger a signal when the program writes to it, and the signal handler fixes it by doing a garbage collection cycle. There are a few scenarios in which client-side certificates just aren't good enough by themselves. So you have folks administering the servers. A certain percentage of them need root access. One of them gets his certificate revoked and then laid off -- in that order -- but he already installed a back door account. Okay, so you're a good admin and you check the logs and make everyone use "sudo" for everything. * But maybe it won't even show up in the logs. Maybe he was editing a file in sudo with vi and ran ":! bash". Okay, so you're a good admin and disabled that. * Maybe he was editing crontab one day and added a one-shot script to create a nefarious account. Okay, you are a good admin and you have tripwires. * Maybe he knows where your tripwires are. Do you honestly think you know every possible attack vector someone with legitimate sudo access could use? It's really hard to stop an inside job. The principle of least privilege is a nice maxim, but there's a cost to figuring out exactly what the least privilege is, and there's a cost to giving someone too little privilege -- downtime when they can't fix something they're supposed to fix. 1) All sudo commands show up in the logs. You can put the logs on another server, possibly a server where only the head of IT has sudo privileges, possibly one that automatically replicates to other sites. Seeing a "sudo su", "sudo bash", or "sudo -s" in the logs could get you reprimanded, and if there's a security breach it could make you a suspect. 2) You can disable sudo -s, sudo su, and sudo bash. Maybe the people with root access only need to run a few commands and edit a few files as root, so you whitelist those. But as I mentioned, if they need to edit crontab you've probably given away the keys to the kingdom right there. There are more attack vectors you can enable without knowing about it and you've got a business to run, so you make a cost/benefit analysis -- it's always a trade-off between efficiency and security. Wasn't that rule changed some years ago? > Isn't 'sudo vi' already game over? Yes, I wasn't very clear when I said the following... > Okay, so you're a good admin and disabled that. What I mean is that you disable "sudo vi" access, and allow "sudoedit" access. Suddenly you only have write access to certain files. But which files? These people need to administer the server, but at the same time you want to prevent them from creating a backdoor, or at least you want to know about it if they do. /etc/crontab is just an obvious example. Maybe you can get suborn a filter somewhere that runs as root, or poison the environment variables of a legitimate script. If you can't prove a theorem, then it's not a theorem, it's a conjecture. Conjectures are not as useful. For example, the Shannon-Hartley theorem tells us under what circumstances it is possible to decode a radio signal. That theorem lets us design, e.g., cell phone networks. Theorems are useful in all sorts of unexpected ways. At the turn of the 20th century group theory was considered a worthless corner of mathematics, but understanding group theory allows modern chemical instrumentation to work. edit: > It seems like it's the full employment act for pencil pushers > downvoters downvote instead of providing refutation. A lot in common with fundamental religionists You've proven the downvoters right by piling one ad hominem attack upon another. I'll explain in more detail. Let's say you need a communications channel with a 300 Mbit/s capacity. Shannon's theorem lets you know what kind of parameters make that possible -- namely, bandwidth and signal-to-noise ratio. From there, I can make an informed decision about the entire signal chain. Once I choose the bandwidth, the theorem tells me the SNR so I can assign a noise budget to each of the components. If we assume that the noise is Gaussian, we can calculate total noise level as the root sum of squares of the noise levels of the individual components (don't forget to multiply by the gain). I can look at an amplifier IC's spec sheet and immediately say, "that's too noisy" or "that's overdesigned, I think I can get something cheaper". And thanks to theorems we got from the field of real analysis and statistics, we know that the sum of Gaussians is itself Gaussian. So rather than sticking two components together and measuring the noise, or running a computer simulation, I can simply square, sum, and square root. Each of these theorems reduces the amount of work necessary -- whether by pen and paper or by computer -- by an enormous factor. But if you can describe in similar detail how the computer program would work, I'll acknowledge your greatness. You keep on asserting that the task -- without domain knowledge of Shannon's theorem -- is solvable by computer. Can you describe how such a computer program would work? I'm unconvinced that the computer program would get a reasonable result before you run out of money paying for it. > Linear algebra gives you mini-spreadsheets for your math equations. Okay, that lets you visualize it (in the finite case) but it's a terrible way to sell it. Spreadsheets are booooring. Did you know that functions are vectors? Okay, better. Did you know that quantum mechanics is all about linear algebra? Okay, sold! 1. Almost any time you work in more than one dimension you will want linear algebra in your toolbox. There are a zillion methods for solving (non-linear) equations out there, and in more than one dimension, they use linear algebra. Newton's method? Incredibly useful in practice due (quadratic convergence rocks!), and with some linear algebra sauce BOOM you have Newton's method in as many dimensions as you can sneeze at. 2. Oh, by the way... did you know that the Fourier transform is linear? 3. Back to quantum mechanics... there's a thing you can do with a linear operator (a matrix is a kind of linear operator) where you get the "spectrum" of the linear operator. It's useful for making sense of big matrices. But in QM, the wavefunctions for electrons are described as eigenfunctions of a linear operator, and taking the "spectrum" of the linear operator gives you the actual spectrum of light that the chemical under study emits. Hence the name, "spectral theorem". It may be linear algebra on paper, but it's laser beams and semiconductors in the real world. 4. Oh hey, want to learn about infinite-dimensional vector spaces? Maybe some other time.. 5. It's hella useful for modeling. Any model is wrong, but Markov processes are useful. Say you run an agency that rents out moving vans, and you have facilities in 30 cities. Vans rented in city A have a 10% chance of being dropped off in city B, 7% in city C, 9.2% in city D, etc. At this rate, how long till you run out of vans in city F? It's a differential equations problem with like 30 different equations! Or you could rewrite it as a single equation with matrices. You'll end up with weird things like 'e^(A*t)' where A is a matrix, and you thought "no way I can exponentiate to the power of a matrix" but spectral decomposition is like "yes way!" and you can solve the equation by diagonalization. Radical! (Basically, linear algebra rescues differential equations from the pits of intractability. I'm using rental vans as an example, but it could be a chemical reaction or a nuclear reaction or a million subway riders or whatever you want.) So the question is: Do you find economics, quantum physics, chemistry, engineering, classical mechanics, machine learning, statistics, etc. useful? Then get some linear algebra in you! Hate to do this, but it seems you just don't understand jack about linear algebra. I'm not even sure you read what I wrote. 1. Yes, I mixed in linear and non-linear processes. My point is that you use linear algebra even when working with non-linear processes. 2. Yes, I poo-pooed spreadsheets as a bad way to market linear algebra (I thought that was clear?) 3. Yes, I implied infinite dimensions is useful. Linear algebra in QM tends to be infinite-dimensional. I'm reading a lot of hostility towards mathematics in general and linear algebra specifically (you've put a bunch of toxic comments all over this thread), and I'm not really sure why. Or put another way, I think infinity is a good approximation to "very large", and big things are everywhere. Ah, Portland. Where the fixie just isn't hipster enough. > So Adrian Chen is creeped out by a legal behavior This is a conflation of "illegal behavior" with "creepy behavior", but they are distinct categories. > there are whole industries [...] that thrive doing exactly this to 16 year old girls. It is not relevant that other people engage in similar behavior. > So Adrian Chen is creeped out by a legal behavior and decides to defame someone Defamation need not be false. (If it were false you could call it "slander" or "libel".) Again, this is conflation of illegal behavior with creepy behavior; there are lots of legal creepy things and lots of illegal things that aren't creepy. > entirely fictional guilt (since there's no crime) Conflation of meanings of the word guilt, which has a legal definition as well as a common definition. I could be "guilty" of standing a girl up on a date even though it's perfectly legal to do so. > As a proof in the United States where politically correctness and protection of minority is a topic always over-discussed, the condition of women is worse than in North Europe, where such an obsession does not exist. I don't really know how hard you can say "correlation ≠ causation" without getting an aneurysm, but I'm scared to find out. I mean, it's just so damn obvious. Let's suppose that sexism is more of a problem in the US than in country X. Wouldn't you want to talk about it more? Don't you think it suspicious that, say, people complain more about corrupt local police in countries that have corrupt local police? Don't you find it bizarre that people complain about the heat in places where the temperature exceeds 35°C? Isn't it fascinating that the people who complain the most about headaches are the most likely to suffer from migraines? Obviously they should stop complaining, it would make the headaches go away! > That's not wrong. It is wrong. Sexism isn't a conscious choice that we can avoid on an individual level. It's a collection of bad habits and systems of bad behavior in groups. If you "stop thinking about things like systematic sexism/racism" then they become invisible to you, and you will lack the power to do anything or even articulate an argument about discrimination. For example, if you treat everyone equally but don't think about sexism, how do you stop someone else from doing stupid sexist things? How do you let them know that it's not acceptable? As an analogy, it's obvious that murdering people to steal their TV is wrong, and we know that because we think about murder. If we never thought or talked about murder, how would we know it is wrong? How would we catch murderers? What should the punishment be? It's not enough to not murder people, we have to talk about murder, hire people who catch murderers and put them in boxes, and think about how we can prevent more people from getting murdered. Exactly. Near and far IR are different beasts. Not only are the sensors different, but you need to make the lenses out of different material (or use mirrors). IR sensors don't work by detecting heat changes. They convert infrared photons directly to electrical current. Now I don't actually know jack about IR sensors, but I would assume that increased temperature means increased noise, as it does with visible-light CCDs. People refrigerate visible-light CCDs too, for taking low-noise astronomical photos. Posting this because some people seem confused about IR. I'd just like to point out here that infrared is a really wide chunk of spectrum. It goes from 0.74µm to 300 µm (according to Wikipedia), which is a factor of about 400. By comparison, the visual spectrum has a width of about a factor of 2, and yet our biology still gives us four different sensors crammed within that little sliver. Imagine if you had a rainbow with red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet, and 50 more colors which were just as distinct from each other, and you get an appreciation of how big IR is. Near infrared is the stuff used by artistic IR photographers (film and digital), remote controls, and night vision cameras. Regular CCDs designed for visible light also pick up near IR, so most cameras have a built-in filter which blocks it out. This is what you remove to turn your camera into an IR camera, and it also accounts for why some things just show up wrong in some digital pictures. Maybe you've seen a fireplace with purple flames -- that's because the IR filter isn't getting rid of all the near IR. Near infrared is really just light that you can't see. Most things don't emit near infrared unless they're very hot (like fire) or designed to do so (like LEDs). Far infrared is used in thermal imaging. It is a completely different beast, with much longer wavelengths. 1) Thermal infrared is low-resolution. The resolution of an imaging system is limited by the aperture of the lens relative to the wavelength of light that you are using. A proficient photographer with a nice prime lens and a tripod can come close to the resolution limit of visible light with no trouble, but the (much) longer wavelength of far infrared means that the relative size of a lens is much smaller. You simply cannot get a sharp picture of thermal infrared due to the increased diffraction. 2) Thermal infrared requires different sensors. Your standard CCD simply does not pick it up, you need something like HeCdTe. 3) Thermal infrared requires different lenses. Far infrared does not pass through glass like it does through air, you need to use a different material to make the lens, or just use a mirror. 4) Thermal imaging is more sensitive to thermal noise. That's why you cool the sensors. All sensors have thermal noise, even visible-light sensors. You will get cleaner pictures by refrigerating your visible-light CCD too, but it's a much bigger deal in far IR. 5) Atmosphere absorbs IR. Well, not all of IR. But the atmosphere is fairly opaque in some IR bands. If you build a sensor at 6-7µm you might as well submerge the thing in pea soup, the atmosphere is that opaque. So [near] IR photography and [far IR] thermal photography are completely different beasts. Have you ever used OpenSSL? It is a total mess. For a popular project, its code is unreadable. I don't know how they maintain it. Both the compiler and the CPU can reorder code, as long as the results don't change from the perspective of the code that is executing. For example, a compiler could take the following code: global_x = 1; global_y = 2; global_x = 3; And change it into: global_x = 3; global_y = 2; Compilers on all platforms reorder statements like this. You can prevent this by making your variables `volatile`, but 99% of the time when you write the word "volatile" in your code you're making a mistake. > It reinforces the idea of Memory Ordering as voodoo I thought there were some very solid bits in there, like the reminder that memory barriers always come in pairs. > it conflates compiler optimizations with memory reordering Well, the code as written is subject to reordering both by the compiler and the CPU. The author is just being honest that this isn't a perfectly crafted example. You could make a version not subject to reordering by the compiler, either by marking variables as volatile or by inserting "compiler barriers" into the code (e.g., empty volatile asm statements). I don't think this is conflation. > Worse, it's just not true --- while this particular example might not cause problems, I think what happened is that you interpreted the author's statement as one about memory reordering in general on the x86 architecture, but I think the author is referring to this specific application, which makes the statement true. (The sentence you quoted is bracketed by two sentences which are more explicitly about this demo application, but it's not explicit in the sentence you quoted.) > memory reordering is still an issue that needs to be dealt with on x86. The article links to another post by the same author with a similar experiment demonstrating reordering on x86. The example is a lot harder to follow, though, since x86 only allows reordering of stores and loads relative to each other. http://preshing.com/20120515/memory-reordering-caught-in-the... > test-driven development is probably not a good approach to writing mutexes The experiment is to show people how reordering can happen, it has educational purpose. Thermite is a bad way to heat your home, but it's a good experiment to demonstrate exothermic reactions. Yes, the article could be written better. But there are so few people who write any articles at all on this subject, I'm glad to be able to read it. I'm not fond of these "should" articles. I'd like to acknowledge the programming specialists out there and the 9-5 programmers. The "should" means that if you're not doing these things, then you're doing something wrong. (That's not even the connotation of "should", that's the literal meaning. ) > Also, it's good to have some management and leadership skills. It's good, but not everyone wants to be a leader, and if everyone led it would be chaos. You're not a failure for not getting promoted into management. > A programmers aim shouldn't be to simply write good programs, rather it should be developing really great products. Yes, but programmers can work on teams with great designers. They don't need to do all the jobs. Every skill on this list is a skill that takes the place of something else in your life. There's simply a finite amount of time in each week, and if I want to get better at design does it mean that -- maybe I give up on guitar or baseball or something? I encourage programmers to think about what they really want -- not just at work but in their life -- and remember that the loudest folk are also the strangest. > Sv is 1 joule of radiation absorbed for every kg of a person's weight, but that 1 joule could come from alphas, betas, gammas, or x-rays. It may be a fixed amount of energy, but whether it comes from photons or electrons or positrons or helium nuclei is _IMPORTANT_. No, that's factually incorrect. You're thinking of the gray (Gy), which is 1 J/kg no matter what. 1 J of gamma absorbed is 1 Gy and 1 Sv, but 1 J of alpha absorbed is 1 Gy and 20 Sv. 1 Sv of neutrons is only 0.1 Gy. It doesn't help that they are dimensionally equivalent, so there's a proliferation of unit converters which consider the conversion to be 1.0 always. > Unless someone works with radiation, I cannot imagine how anyone's skin is constantly bombarded by these types of particles. Depends. Some people have granite countertops in their kitchens which give off Radon, an alpha emitter. (Not all granite does this.) > Yes. But unless our understanding of physics and/or biology is very wrong, they're not dangerous. Our understanding of the relationship between low-level doses of radiation and cancer is frighteningly incomplete -- to the point where it's not even certain that the cancer rate doesn't go down when low level radiation increases. This is nothing more than an appeal to authority -- the FDA makes the policy, not the science. Did you click the link? "Hollywood Accounting" is the article title and the subject of the first sentence. In "What in the hell are arrays" I think it would be funny to see an example of Cocoa's NSArray class -- which does not behave like an array, performance-wise. It's called an array because it has the array interface, but.... http://ridiculousfish.com/blog/posts/array.html From "a" GNOME/Mono guy? Read the byline again. I came to the conclusion long ago that the world is ready for an autoconf replacement (note I did not say "new build system" or "replacement for make"). It's too arcane, and it's long since grown too large for M4. Projects like CMake, SCons, and Jam try to obviate the need to write make files, but they treat the configuration step as an afterthought. Yes, there are lots of little knobs used by those wacky Gentoo folks, and those dumb old shells on Unix of decades past. My ideal replacement would get rid of those checks and assume you have a working POSIX shell and C89. However, there are also optional dependencies. SoX can use FFTW to make spectrograms, but it's optional. You can use x264 from ffmpeg but it's not necessary. Emacs will build with GTK 2 support, GTK 3 support, or neither; and it will use whatever PNG/JPEG/XML/etc libraries happen to be installed but doesn't care if they're not present. GCC will use Graphite whet available. A few programs will happily play audio through libao or Core Audio or ALSA. There's combinatorial complexity there in theory, but it's not hard to isolate optional dependencies in practice, most of the time. And suppose you want to use some feature available on new Linux kernels. It's just easier to write an autoconf test rather than try to come up with some convoluted preprocessor test. There are also important knobs to tune: look at LibGMP, ATLAS, or FFTW for examples. Old PowerPC Macs could run 64-bit code if you asked but ran 32-bit by default, so you'd compile GMP for 64-bit and get a huge performance boost. And some options are only useful to developers, like enabling -Werror (which should never be enabled by default in a source release). The configuration step bakes these options into the makefile so you can still just type "make". You have a good point about hard failing when dependencies aren't present, and the configuration step allows you to fail early and provide an intelligent error message. I'm not convinced that eliminating a configuration step improves reliability. Just think of how dirt-common autoconf scripts are, in spite of how much of a pain autoconf is to learn. > It is a completely unnecessary constraint because nowadays everyone is able to install great languages like Python, Ruby, Scheme and many others much more suitable for writing build configuration systems than shell script. There is no point anymore in using the M4 language to generate a 1000 line configure script when a 50 line Python/Ruby/$OtherNiceScriptingLanguage would work just as well. First, autoconf isn't a build system. It's just a 'configure' script generator. It's nice that the configuration script runs anywhere you can find a POSIX environment. It's not actually that hard, either; it mostly just runs commands and checks the result code. The bulk of the knowledge stored in autoconf is the knowledge of how to write those tests, which tests are necessary, and what flags you need on various platforms. I think the big problem here is not that the configure script is a portable shell script, but rather, that it's generated by an M4 script. Don't forget that Python itself has a configure script, and writing the configure script in Python would create a bootstrapping problem (it would add Python to the list of programs that need to be cross-compiled on new systems). A good system uses a key stretching function, not a hash. (For the same reason we don't call a MAC a hash, we don't call a key stretching function a hash.) If I use my computer for 20 different things, then that's 20 different fixed-function chips to replace 1 CPU. It sounds like the opposite of green to me. Besides, you can already produce CPUs on old processes. There's a CPU in the remote control for your TV, and another one in your computer keyboard, and in your microwave. These have low gate counts and are built with off-the-shelf components. Replacing them with fixed-function chips would be an enormous waste. Lots of computers I've used allow audio gain to be set above unity, with noticeable distortion as a result. Next time you're in alsamixer on Linux, look at the fourth line down on the top which says "dB gain". It's not uncommon for it to go all the way up to +6 dB or +12 dB, which will almost certainly distort with common source material. This happens both on my desktop Linux system and my Linux laptop. It would be easy enough to test -- download Right Mark Audio (free, but Windows only), connect your audio input to output with a patch cable, and test at different volume levels. It's not that simple. I've found in my rig, minimum noise is achieved with the guitar volume at 7 or so and preamp gain at minimum. If I turn up the volume on the guitar I can switch on the pad on the preamp, but this adds noise. I then add tons of distortion and gain in the software realm, so every dB of noise floor counts. Even clean guitar sounds are usually distorted. The sound console is different. You want everything in the console to be trimmed to around 0 dB on the console's meters, and NOT as loud as possible without distorting. Trimming it to 0 dB gives you consistency between channels making it easier to work with the faders, and gives you however much headroom the console is designed to work with. "Loud as possible" will mean somewhere like +24 dB on some consoles, which is too hot to work with. Yes, they have that much headroom -- nominal line level is +4 dBu, around 1.2 V, and consoles have internal voltages in the 15-24V range. The same goes for recording, you typically want things to peak at something like -18 dBFS. Making things peak "loud as you can without distorting" is the job of the mastering engineer, and it happens right before you stamp out CDs or MP3s or whatever. The point of this quote is to illustrate that even the RIAA thinks this is bogus. And would it be illegal if my space avocado farmers were to use microwaves from the future to beam a perfect copy of a DVD into the hieroglyphs in Egypt where a team of cryptozoologists... Seriously, they say there are no stupid questions but if X is impossible then "is X illegal" is probably not a productive question to ask. No problem, that's why we have cherry-pick. Really? It's security theater to disable geotagging? 1. The first part talks about disabling geotagging for deployed soldiers in classified locations, and gives an example where geotagging allegedly led to a morter attack and materiel losses, 2. The second part talks about disabling geotagging at home if you are worried about your safety. These are not hypothetical risks: imagine an ex-boyfriend with a constant stream of your GPS coordinates through social media. > short story about someone doing this and discovering that it was the galactic equivalent of 'shortwave' radio and have the alien equivalent of the FCC come out to the planet to arrest the scientists for transmitting without a license "Fine Structure" -- bits of a soft-SF story you can read online http://qntm.org/structure http://everything2.com/?node=fine+structure It's of varying quality, I think people usually link to "Oul's Egg" first because it's one of the best sections. I don't know where you heard that, and you should stop repeating it because it's almost gibberish. It's kind of like asking, "Which is faster? A car or a typewriter?" Well, a decent typist can put out 100 WPM on a typewriter, and a decent car can go 60 m/s. So it depends on where you are going. If your goal is an essay, then the typewriter is faster. If your goal is the other side of town, the car is faster. The big disadvantage of locks is that performance decreases with contention, and performance of a shared-memory system in general degrades as the number of nodes increases. So every supercomputer in recent history uses a hierarchical approach: a network of multi-core units. Shared memory and locks for sharing data with cores in the same unit, message passing for sharing data with other units. Just imagine trying to use system-wide locks on the IBM Sequoia. It has something like a million cores. There's an enormous assumption here -- the assumption that we are on a shared memory computer to begin with. At the lowest level, memory devices are implemented using "messages" that go over wires, and locks are implemented on top of that. But it's a feature of small systems that you THINK you have a flat address space and not a message passing system. CPU cores send messages to L1 caches to fetch memory, and the messages go outward to L2 and RAM, all in hardware. With a modern OS kernel this message will often be intercepted and fulfilled with disk IO. So if you pretend you have a flat address space you won't be miserable or anything, because the entire system (hardware + software) is designed to make it look that way. Once you get interested in performance details the flat memory space abstraction goes out the window. L1, L2, RAM, and disk latencies are really message passing latencies for messages passed between physically separate devices. Designing your algorithm to minimize the number of messages passed between devices (a.k.a. the number of "cache misses") will improve its performance. Optimizations meant to minimize message passing can have unintended consequences. For example, Linux once allocated memory on the region of RAM closest to the core running the process which requested the memory -- I'm sure it made some benchmarks run faster, but it turned into an absolute disaster for MySQL, because it meant that MySQL would only use one region of RAM. (Google "MySQL NUMA" for the full story. You can probably imagine most of it if you just think about the consequences of mixing on-die memory controllers with multi-socket systems.) The degree to which the flat memory abstraction applies is related to the size of the system. An single-core, embedded microcontroller with 256 bytes of RAM really does have a flat address space and you can often count processor cycles just by looking at the assembly, the abstraction is basically perfect. A modern desktop with a quad-core processor is going to act less like an ideal shared memory machine because the message passing overhead of using contested cache lines can affect performance. And a world-class super computer might be split into N units of M cards of K chips with L cores on each chip -- the shared memory abstraction will only extend so far before it's all explicit message passing in software. So the real question is not "how do you plan to write a queue without mutable shared state?" The real question is, "How do you implement mutable shared state using messages?" Footnote: I think it's very telling... the shared memory abstraction is so convenient, the work behind the scenes is so good, we almost want to argue and say "Look, it's shared state, and everybody knows that it's shared state." Buddy, it's one fine illusion. I guess this is getting downvoted, because... it detracts from the discussion, or something. Exactly true, my disagreement with the parent comment is unrelated to the bogosity of its parent comment. Part of my point was that if you say "message passing is generally slower" and "shared memory mechanisms cannot scale indefinitely", then the logical conclusion is that problems are generally small. You can't meaningfully compare the speed of these two techniques in abstract any more than you can meaningfully ask if 100 is a "big number". The comment about global locks was intended to be silly, because comparing locks to message passing without talking about what you're doing with them is also silly. The linked paper compares MPI message passing to an alternative hardware-accelerated message passing, which is interesting, but the choice of micro-benchmarks is not very exciting. To be clear, while the GP was really comparing the actor model (private memory + message passing) against the shared memory + locks model, I was only responding to the parent comment, and when I think "message passing" I don't automatically think "private memory". Nitpicks: * Typo in the header file (SIZE versus CAPACITY). * No error checking on malloc() or realloc() return. * Out of bounds access is a programmer error, so you should call abort() and not exit(). Alternatively, assert() is fine too. * Potential integer overflow for capacity field (size field can't overflow because capacity overflows first). On a 64-bit non-ILP64 system, resizing to a capacity of 2^31 elements will request a buffer of 0xfffffffe00000000 bytes, assuming sizeof(int) is 4. * A 32-bit version could theoretically get an overflow, but only if a 2^31 byte allocation is successful... the next larger allocation will be for 0 bytes. Edit: As someone pointed out in the comments, arr[271] is the 272nd element, whereas the article claims it is the 270th element. Further notes: If you end up implementing a lot of these, invest in a consistent naming scheme for the fields. For example, map, mapsz, mapalloc; then data, datasz, dataalloc. You can also try writing generics in C but I strongly recommend just switching to C++ (or some other language) if the boilerplate code bothers you. I believe that std::vector was the biggest reason for GCC's switch to C++ internally. The _V() macro horrifies me. It's not remotely safe, nor is it even slightly correct. From least important to most important, 1. The _V() macro is in the compiler namespace, which is a no-no. You can't legally use identifiers that start with underscores which are followed by upper-case ASCII characters. 2. The _V() macro performs no type checking. It takes any addressable object as an argument. You can't do _V(3), but you can do _V(printf). 3. The _V() macro scribbles on memory. #define V(a) ((int *) &a) struct Vec { int *data; int size; int offset }; struct v v; // don't forget the second v _V(v)[5] = 10; // this scribbles on the stack What the macro does is take the address of the Vec structure (or anything else addressable, since it does no type checking) and pretends that that address is the address of an integer array. The stack: | | +------------+ | int *data; | | +------------+ | | +------------+ | | On a 32-bit system, _V(v)[5] is three words after the Vec structure, somewhere on your stack. I expect it to fail when it runs out of address space, or when address space fragmentation prevents it from fulfilling the request. Isn't that exactly when it fails? So, what's the point? Why not just use... v->data[i] = x; This is, drum roll... type checked by the compiler, unlike _V(). P.S. Stop casting the result of malloc(), it makes you look like you're trying to write C++. There's no good reason for it in C, and there's a good reason not to do it (because it can mask an error if you forget to include ). For this reason, and because it looks like you want generics, it sounds like you want to write C++. Why not write C++? Then you can just overload operator[] and go on your merry little way, without having to circumvent the type checker with macros. Thank you for taking the time to write that, instead of linking to that one comic that everyone links to in these threads about competing standards. Although I'm not sure why you say "quasi" standard. XML and JSON seem like pretty robust standards to me, and they should both be around for a long time. To me, a "suck less" philosophy means that my environment should: * Mount flash drives automatically when I plug them in. * Let users configure the wireless network connection, and set it to automatically reconnect with the same settings to different APs on the same network, and let users override certificate settings for the same, and remember the overridden settings. * Let users configure printer settings. Sure, dwm is great if you spend all of your time in xterm and emacs/vim. But I spend at least 0.02% of my time doing the above tasks, and I don't want to inflate that number. Some people believe that the fewer lines of code they write, the more elegant their software becomes. Bull. Just like writing more lines doesn't make your code better, writing fewer lines doesn't make it better. That's a tough sell to anyone who uses web browsers, photoshop, text editors, or DAWs. Given how much I've had to fight with Automake and Libtool to get really simple things done, they're hardly the things you want to hold up as shining beacons. 1. Do you want to compile certain source files with different build flags? Hah, no! Automake only supports it through obscene hacks, and those break if you're using Libtool. 2. Do you want to make a plugin? Best way is to ditch Libtool completely, make an executable target in Automake, and add the linker flags yourself. It makes you feel like you're banging two rocks together and it's not portable but at least it gets the job done. 3. Do you have any linker flags? Hah, no! Libtool will mess with them and they won't work. The other bit is that Libtool is basically all magic, and Automake is basically all macros. The amount of magic that Libtool does to fool you into thinking you're not writing dynamically linked code is enough to make you puke and makes a mess when it breaks, and Automake's macro system is terrible. Just imagine, if you will, that you want to compile one file in your library with the flags -msse3, to produce a dynamic library that has to run on systems both with and without SSE3. You can use cpuid to call functions in that file or not at runtime. All of my searching has lead me to the conclusion that this is impossible if you want to use Automake and Libtool, and easy if you ditch both of them. Sure, I'll elaborate. I read the argument as "Gnome versus dwm", not as "Metacity versus dwm". Every moment of my life that I spend editing fstab, running mount commands, or scripting my system is a moment that I could spend doing anything else. If I install Gnome, it will automount USB drives with no intervention on my part. Call this "low interface complexity." The same thing happens on OS X and Windows. Now remember that it's not just about automounting. It's about monitor calibration, input devices, keyboard layouts, text conversion software, assistive technologies, wireless network configuration, printer configuration, etc. "Myriad" is a good word here. If I uninstall Gnome, all of those tasks get shoved into the "unsolved" category, except for one — window management. For each task I have to find an application for it, compare different applications that solve the same task, and configure it. If it's something that has to always run in the background, like automounting, then I have to figure out a way to make it start when I log in. Call this "high interface complexity." What I'd like to get across is this: optimizing for the number of lines of code is the wrong thing to optimize for. It's wrong (incorrect) to optimize for a large number of lines of code, and it's wrong (incorrect) to optimize for a small number of lines of code. Lines of code is a poor metric for almost everything, with the exception of bug count. You should always be optimizing for "quality of life". If your idea of a higher quality of life is using a more minimalistic window manager, then what we have is a disagreement of a spiritual nature. To me, Gnome sucks less than dwm by a mile. And yes, I still know that Gnome is a desktop environment and dwm is a window manager. I'm not really confused, just not very fond of cobbling together a usable system out of several dozen different applications, which I must individually install and configure. Gnome fixes that problem. I wouldn't recommend CMake without qualifications. It is vastly inferior from the perspective of the end user. Any autotools package can be handled with "./configure && make && sudo make install", and you can change it up by "./configure --without-gtk --enable-network --prefix=/opt/crazy CFLAGS='-O0'" and then make a package with "make install DESTDIR=/tmp/package". Try doing that in CMake, you'll see what I mean. The syntax is also really terrible, in particular, If/Else. The documentation is not so good, in particular, it's available online as one big block of text and they want to sell you a book. Finally, CMake doesn't solve the one problem I was complaining the most about, which was the ability to set per-file compilation flags. This is not an optional feature in my eyes -- it's necessary for avoiding cross-contamination of -D_GNU_SOURCE turds picked up by pkg-config, and it's necessary for writing libraries that use processor features that might not be available at runtime, like SSE3. I think CMake, like Autotools, has a niche in which it does best. "Simple things easy and complex things possible" is a nice motto, but the truth is really boring -- CMake and Autotools make different things easy and different things possible. CMake's niche is medium-large projects with medium amounts of complexity. Projects that are complex, like Firefox or FFMpeg, tend use Autoconf with custom build systems. "Take" has so many meanings it's ridiculous. It doesn't imply just one thing, it implies several. You take after your father. Did you take the test? She didn't take much time. He took quite a beating. I took a dump. We'll take a look at it. I'll take a stab at it. "Appropriate", the verb, is also flexible and also does not imply depriving someone of something. You can "appropriate" something when you create art, and you can be accused of "cultural appropriation", but in neither case is anyone deprived of what you appropriated. So shut up. The argument about semantics is shit and you should stop repeating it. > monad, that structure is actually uninteresting here because it is too powerful I am worried these days that people are avoiding talking about monads not because they are not useful, but because places like HN were saturated with talk about monads a few years back. I remember seeing several blog posts explaining monads as some kind of revelation: like they were overloaded semicolons, or monads were burritos, etc. So let's not try to let the popularity of monads interfere with our respect for their powerful and simple structure. It's kind of like saying that sets are uninteresting in mathematics because they are too general. The Haskell community still does talk a lot about monads, and they are interesting and useful. Monads are what let us describe things like the difference between IO, ST, and STM. Monads give us generalizations of list comprehensions and give us ways to simulate nondeterministic execution. In short, monads are still king; but the Haskell community is much more aware of the diversity of useful algebraic structures than it was. You're disparaging C for focusing on "dangerous low-level operations", but you should be singing its praises for delivering us from what came before it: truly low-level languages like assembler, dinosaurs like FORTRAN, and tentacled sea-monsters like ALGOL 68. > nobody is willing to put in the effort needed to get rid of C This statement is wrong on multiple levels. 1. People are willing to put in the effort to move beyond C, and it's been happening for four decades. C++, Java, Python, C#, Haskell, Ruby... 2. Getting rid of C for new projects universally is not really desirable. It's still the only thing I would choose for writing the majority of an OS kernel, where dangerous low-level operations are necessary. For the same reason, we will never ditch assembly. 3. Rewriting old C projects in newer languages is often ill-advised. Source code contains the knowledge of those who worked on it, it is used to describe solved problems. Rewriting code means solving those problems over again, relearning the encoded knowledge, and making bugs that were fixed long ago. I still have to disagree. Covariance turns generality into specificity, so any argument that states "monads are uninteresting here because they are very general" should be paired with, "except in the dual case in which they are very interesting because they are very specific." It sounds like you're damning ALGOL 68 with faint praise. C++ is the exemplar of complexity and ad-hoc features. If you asked me how my blind date went, and I reply, "She smelled better than the inside of a septic tank," I'm sure you would know what's up. No, the resource fork is dead for good reasons. (1) The resource fork is fragile and easily corrupted, like the Windows registry in the bad old days. (2) Four-character namespaces suck. (3) 24 MB limits suck. (4) Extended attributes and bundles are better in every conceivable way. The resource fork was designed for a different world. (A) In the old days, there was a blurry line between OS and app, so there was no reason to make the resource fork "opaque". Without opacity, there is no graceful way to use it in a preemptive multitasking environment. (B) In the old days, pointers were 24 bits. The high 8 bits didn't go anywhere, so people used these high bits to store extra data. Resource forks make use of 24-bit quantities for this reason — which went out of favor when Macs with the 68020 were introduced in 1987. (C) The real feature of resource forks was to reduce the disk space usage and load times when you have lots of small pieces of data, but — data is bigger and we have better archive formats. So yeah, extended attributes are the way to go. If gas is cheaper per watt than electricity, then you save money by heating with gas and lighting with high-efficiency light bulbs. I hope you stick with the decimal units, because it means that if I have 8 x 500 GB drives, that's 4 GB. If I have 8 x 500 GiB, then I have 3.90625 TiB, which I need a calculator for. Frustrating and annoying. Stick with metric, it's easier on us humans. Or you could just, you know, check the list. From the pictures it looks like all the good consoles are in there, Playstations, Dreamcast, the Nintendos, Atari, plus handhelds. Then it seems there are a bunch of special edition consoles. As for games, I keep on seeing great games in there, including recent ones and old classics. Many are obviously imported and that's fairly expensive with the current Yen/Dollar exchange rate. Here's a picture of what appears to my eyes to be nearly every Zelda game: http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/713/517ie.jpg/ Every Mario game: http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/441/513ku.jpg/ and OH DEAR LORD it's the "Mother" series: http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/525/506p.jpg/ Let me tell you about "Mother". You have to sell your kidneys to get those games. They're some of the best games ever written and they're also some of the hardest to find. Update: Now that I have looked at the actual list I see it contains some other incredible pieces, such as a sealed copy of Chrono Trigger (in 2008 one such copy sold for $1,217), Bubble Bobble part 2 (at least $100), Sonic the Hedgehog ($300+), Suikoden II ($140+), Virtual Lab ($900+), SD Gundam Dimension Wars ($700+), Jack Bros. ($120+), sealed Ibara ($180+), ... Update 2: That sealed copy of Chrono Trigger is for the DS, sorry. But Virtual Lab looks legit. Do you write code that uses ALSA? I do. It is not "fine". It is maddening. By comparison, Core Audio is a dream. Windows is a bit of a zoo but all the pieces are there. Replacing X isn't so dependent on drivers as you might think. A big part of what makes X so horrible is unrelated to how X interacts with the graphics card -- most of the nasty bits actually sit between the X server and the client application. The protocol was invented in 1987 and was designed around assumptions that just simply aren't true any more. These days, you want to shuffle pixmaps around or get a GL/DirectX context, and you want to do it locally. X is optimized for sending pixel operations over a network. Let me make an analogy for X: imagine designing a protocol for making phone calls over an email system. That's what doing anything modern on X feels like, most of the time. I'm going to have to agree with this. I was the one complaining about ALSA to begin with, but PulseAudio is just another layer of indirection around ALSA. In other words, ALSA sucks, but it's more widespread than OSS, and it at least gives you some control. Tshinghua University is in Beijing. "BBS" and "forum" are approximately synonyms. > Sexism in tech and the workplace are real problems, but I don't think a slide with a woman in underwear is a good example. You're dismissing a real problem here. Sexism is not isolated to acts of discrimination, it is a part of culture. Fixing sexism is not just about stopping discrimination, it is about changing culture. We bombard kids with pictures of sexy women in bikinis and men in lab coats, and wonder why there aren't as many women in tech even though they're so damn competent at it. Showing pictures of women in underwear in tech slides sends the message, "women are for sex, not tech". Don't hyperbolize this by calling it the "asexual approach". Imagine putting on a clip from a minstrel show in your presentation. Horrifying, right? But you're not actually being "racist", you're just being "racy". Maybe you think the "aracist" approach is impractical. Maybe a bit of harmless playfulness about "negroes singing songs and working on the railroad" should be encouraged. After all, in American corporations, white folk are routinely told that they cross the line when they compliment a black man on his natural sense of rhythm, or his large penis. > Then maybe try to fix that instead of complaining about bikinis in powerpoint presentations? 1. You say "instead", as if this were a choice between two alternatives. This is known as the "false dilemma", and it is a logical fallacy. 2. It is not clear how to fix the problem about discrimination based on names on CVs/résumés, whereas the solution to bikinis in powerpoint slides is much simpler (delete the pictures from the slides, smartass). To use a much abused phrase, this is low-hanging fruit. 3. You also assume that the issues are unrelated or isolated, and that (for example) showing inappropriate pictures of women at tech conferences does not cause people to discriminate against women on CVs/résumés, when it is very plausible that the pictures of women in bikinis normalize / contribute to the measurable acts of discrimination. > Would anyone raise even an eyebrow if a woman sliped a sexy male model photo in a slide? You think this is a clever argument, but it is not. Let me illustrate for you a better analogy. Suppose for a moment that you are a guy who just graduated from college, make $20,000 a year in your dream internship, and are on the long trek to success in your field. You're in a new city, and don't know many people. You're constantly bombarded with pictures of men who "made it", have $200k cars, wear $10k suits, drink $500 bottles of liquor, and buy their mistresses $80k pieces of jewelry. Now I'm going to kick the analogy up a notch, so it's solidly in the "alternate reality" realm. You date a girl, and she tells you, "My personal goal for you is for you to make six figures next year." What a jerk, huh? Well, if you swap genders and replace the line with "lose fifty pounds this year", then you're back in our current reality. Sexism is not a simple problem and you do not help anything by imagining what it would by like if a woman put sexy pictures of a man on a powerpoint slide. Fact is, men are not generally worried about getting raped. > A lot of us don't think one of the is even a problem. The rest of us think that this attitude is part of the problem. I feel attracted to these threads like moth to a flame. It's not healthy. I could make all sorts of rude suppositions about why frustrated douchebags comment on these threads... These threads are among the lowest-quality on Hacker News. Everyone has an opinion on sex, and therefore sexism. Let's cover some of the tired old ground: 1. "Jokes are not discrimination." I hate to tell you this, but tasteless jokes are part of the problem. People absorb and internalize their environment. Maybe if I phrase it this way: Why is it that you bombard kids with pictures of women in bikinis and men in lab coats, then wonder why women don't go into tech in spite of their competence? 2. "We should solve actual discrimination, this just isn't important." Sexism is a multifaceted, interconnected beast of many factors. 3. "What if a woman showed a picture of a man in a bikini?" You are not being clever by swapping the genders, this isn't some math problem where you can flip the sign and cancel a bunch of factors out. People are constantly exposed to media which equate the worth of women with their physical attractiveness, so showing a picture of a woman in a bikini leverages decades of social conditioning. It reinforces the idea that women should be evaluated based on cup size rather than the quality of their GitHub repositories. To make an analogy, if you are a man, were you ever stressed out (maybe during your 20s) about whether you were successful enough? Have you ever paid for a date that you couldn't really afford so you could impress a woman? Imagine if you went to a tech conference with tons of women, and they made jokes about men who are poor, and showed pictures of guys with $10k suits driving Audis, joked about never dating someone who wasn't at least a senior VP, and then a tubby, mustachioed woman who hasn't showered approaches you and drunkenly asks if she can see your wallet, and asks how much you make in a year. "I bet it's a lot." She says, thinking it's a compliment. I'd like you all to listen to this last bit. This is a discussion about sexism. It's a proper field of study, like chemistry. It doesn't make non-stick pans, rocket fuel, or methamphetamine. However, just like doing meth doesn't turn you into Walter White, living your life doesn't make you an expert on sexism. Most of you guys I'm guessing have never read a single fucking book on sexism, but you're chiming in with your damn opinions anyway. The reason why Hacker News discussions on Go, tech startups, and prime numbers are so interesting is because Hacker News is filled with experts on those subjects. A reason why the Hacker News threads on sexism are so terrible is because y'all are lazy fuckers who don't know what the hell you're talking about. Owning a penis makes you about as qualified to comment on how pictures of women in bikinis affect women at tech conferences as, say, the fact that I own a bicycle makes me an expert at automobile maintenance. It's the same kind of thinking that leads people to think that they can hold an interesting discussion on philosophy when they ask whether the "red" that you perceive is actually the same as the "blue" that I percieve. Okay, sure, that discussion is worth having, I guess, and if you've never read a book on philosophy in your entire fucking life it might actually cover new ground. > But women in bikinis appear in so many contexts [...] because so many people apparently want to see women in bikinis. As far as I can tell, your argument is "because people like it, it is okay." This is obviously wrong, so please explain your argument in more detail. > see Sciolino as a counter-example An opinion held by a journalist is not a counter-example. You'll need something better than an argument to authority. Someone told me once that a contributing factor to the "jewish lawyer stereotype" was caused by law firms who discriminated against jews — who then started up their own law firms, and outcompeted all the other law firms because it's easier to find talent if you don't discriminate. The Harlem Globetrotters picked the best of the african-american basketball players, who were not welcome on other teams. The result was predictable in hindsight, they beat the other teams by humiliating margins. I personally think we should drop everything we're doing RIGHT NOW and work on solving the issue of the heat death of the universe. Everything else can wait. > It's about "political" in the wider sense (that is "trying to be tactful", not to annoy various sides, etc). No, that's a false etymology. The term "politically correct" in its modern usage came from leftist movements in the 70s to describe politics (not in the broad sense of "tact"). Think of it as a synonym for "ideologically sound". The civil rights movement was definitely about politics, not tact. The term "politically correct" was then appropriated by the same leftist movements and used sarcastically to parody themselves. Afterwards, it entered the general lexicon. I think the "unclean/uncouth" bit for handling money came from e.g. Exodus 22:24 (25), which prohibits charging interest to "my people". So if you're Jewish and believe that you're the chosen people, you can charge interest to Christians. If you're Christians and think the Jewish rejected the messiah, then you can charge interest to Jews — except there aren't very many, so you won't be able to make a living. Another part of the medieval stereotype I think came from Jewish cultural emphasis on literacy so good Jewish boys could read the Torah. As a side effect, it's hard to do e.g. banking if you can't read. Funny how I agree with lots of what you say but the conclusion is wrong. Yes, there are lots of ways in which men are discriminated against. No, it is still not okay to show pictures of women in underwear at conferences. Yes, showing such pictures makes you a sexist pig. The reason I said "alternate reality" was because the quote about "six figures" was a complete fabrication, based on something a man actually said to a woman, but altered to play on typical male insecurities. If your point is, "Gosh, men have it hard, too." Sure, I'll agree. But, you're laying on the hyperbole a bit thick. > your arguments for concluding it is 'obviously wrong' to choose the kind of imagery That's the wrong^H^H^H^H^Hincorrect antecedent. Sorry, my fault for using pronouns. I was saying that "because people like it, it is okay" is a flawed argument. It doesn't help that I meant "wrong" as in "unsound/incorrect" but the word has a second meaning of "unjust/immoral". > My point proven by halostatue . Who is hinting that just because I am a man, I have no right to complain because everything comes so easy to me despite him having no knowledge of my particular circumstances. This is such a bad interpretation of halostatue it is not even funny. Here's a quote from halostatue: > It also doesn't say a damned thing about whether you have the right to complain or not > If your house is on fire you don't stop to mow the lawn. You put the fire off. It's a nice analogy. Please identify the fire, and tell me how to put it out. Your criticism is that I am behaving suboptimally if my goal is to fix discrimination, and the clearest way to demonstrate this is to explain how I can behave more optimally. > The problem with low-hanging fruit is that they give you a false sense of accomplishment. In optimising code, the easy 1% fix doesn't mean anything if there is a slow function taking 60% of the call times. Please, figure out a way to identify the 60% function here, and identify how to solve it. If such an optimization exists, I'll go for it. Explain in further detail (1) what it is that we should fix and (2) how we should fix it. Otherwise, the low hanging fruit is what I'll go for because (1) we know it's a problem and (2) we know how to improve it. > Very plausible? That is as far fetched idea as any I've ever heard. At the very least, citation needed. There was a recent discussion about how much evidence you need in order to convince people that sexism is a real problem that we need to solve. But "citation needed" in this case very easily turns into "citation provided", if you would bother to go to Wikipedia or Google rather than dismiss claims offhand. 1. "exposure to seemingly innocuous sexually suggestive ads can lead to disturbing antifemale sentiments" http://www.psu.edu/dept/medialab/researchpage/newabstracts/o... 2. "women whose male partners objectified them scored lower than those whose partners didn't gaze at their bodies" http://www.livescience.com/11649-ogling-men-subtracts-women-... If you'd like to read the studies and point out flaws in methodology, or provide studies that refute these claims, feel free to do so. I hope you consider these studies sufficiently relevant for the discussion, I don't want to have to track down the study which most closely replicates the conditions described in the article. > If I showed a picture of Simon Peyton Jones would that equally imply "programmers in the audience have to be as smart as him else you are losers"? If I show Marc Zuckenberg or some other successful enterpreneur does that mean "Less than 1 billion net worth is for suckers"? Would anyone even think of it that way? I think men have an enormous problem when they internalize the comparison of themselves against more successful men portrayed in media, and this can definitely have harmful consequences. There are plenty of stories about men who become unemployed during an economic downturn but don't tell the family. Every day the men would drive out to a parking lot, wait for ten hours, and return home, living off savings. They thought that the prospect of being unemployed was emasculating. They felt that being laid off is a personal failure — even in a recession, even if the company is going bankrupt for reasons beyond their control. I think this would happen less if we reassured men that they do not become worthless creatures just because they are temporarily unemployed, that they have value as a human being beyond their careers. I think there aren't nearly enough men in media (movies, advertising, etc.) portrayed as valuable members of society through avenues other than what the traditional measures of success dictate. For further reading, I recommend "Stiffed" by Faludi and "The Will to Change: Men, Masculinity, and Love" by hooks. I've been looking for a good book about men written by men, but I have not yet found one that incorporates the most basic lessons learned by the feminist movement. It's like the difference between Kant and Aristotle: Aristotle was a genius but his work is mostly irrelevant today, of course he wasn't well-read by modern standards since hardly anything had been written yet. Most men writing about male sexual politics haven't read enough from the past dozen or so decades of female sexual politics, and it shows in their sophomoric arguments. > >Sexism is not a simple problem and you do not help anything by imagining what it would by like if a woman put sexy pictures of a man on a powerpoint slide. Fact is, men are not generally worried about getting raped. > Where's the equality then? Or is having different arbitrary demands for each gender acceptable? If I were really after just "equality", and I were a dictator, I could just order my secret police to rape men until the numbers match up for the two genders. I'd not like to get into a deeper discussion about "equality" but suffice it to say our resources are (as you stated) limited, and the problems for men and women are different, so we have no business e.g. allocating the same level of funding to men-only DV shelters because they are simply not needed as much. Also suffice it to say I think objectifying men is wrong too; but it is not as much of a problem (based on empirical evidence that suggests that it is not as much of a problem). Yes, we've seen it before: I think every time a console flopped it took a company down with it (at least out of the console business). The same thing happened with synthesizers back in the day. But I have doubts. Even if the PS4 / WiiU fail and Microsoft does "spend whatever it takes to keep the XBox relevant in the living room", will that be enough? Microsoft wasn't shy about spending money on Zune, Windows phones, or tablets -- but the Zune is gone, the Windows phones have low single-digit market penetration, and the latest tablets don't seem to be doing better (we'll see, but it's not looking good). Reasons I'm doubtful about the future of the Xbox: 1. It's not competing against the PS4. It's competing against Steam boxes, Android consoles, phones, and tablets. Not direct competition, but competition for our attention. 2. Indie games were big in 2012, and 2013 is looking bigger. Microsoft's platforms (other than Windows) are looking less palatable, especially for newer studios. Larger studios still fail as often as they ever did, but they're not getting replaced. The AAA titles will keep coming, but they're competing with scrappy folk who license the Unity and Unreal engines for prices that are very friendly... until you want to release your game for the Xbox. 3. With every generation of consoles, it becomes more difficult and expensive to produce content that leverages the new technology. It was a long time before people figured out how to produce content that really made the PS3 look better than the PS2, although much of that was due to architectural decisions. It may be that the survival of the Xbox depends more on what the market looks like in 2015 rather than 2014 or 2013. What will Apple have released by 2015? How many indie studios will have edged the behemoths out of the industry? 4. New generations of consoles no longer provide additional media functions that consumers desire. Two generations ago you got a pretty fine CD player with your PS1, last generation you got a DVD player with your PS2, and this generation you can play Blu-Rays or stream content from Netflix/Hulu. What's left? We have a PS3, but much of its justification was as a way to play Blu-Rays, Netflix, and Hulu. On a side note, every time I've stopped by Ground Kontrol (the local arcade) recently, it's been packed. Even with a cover charge, even when most people have work tomorrow, even when the machines cost 25¢ per play, the doorman was turning people away because the building was at its occupancy limit. It's not your imagination, but if you were a kid in the 1990s, then you probably didn't watch a lot of new kids' cartoons in the 2000s. - Futurama (it counts as 2000s if Simpsons counts as 1990s) - Avatar: The Last Airbender - Invader Zim - Samurai Jack - My Little Pony (well, 2010) I'd personally pick "Avatar: The Last Airbender" over any of my childhood "Disney Afternoon" favorites. I'm actually kind of jealous of kids growing up with better programming. The other side of the pond (no, the other pond) gave us some great stuff too, such as Shinkai and Kon. I think Shinkai deserves special mention, because he got a theatrical release with no staff and no funding: just himself in his apartment with a PowerMac G4 (although his fiancée helped with voice acting). We'll only be seeing more people like him as time marches on and the technology becomes affordable for hobbyists. My guess is that the 2010s will be my favorite decade for animation, at least for the next ten years or so. I believe you. This is why I don't use CMake / SCons / Jam / etc -- they're nice for developers but bad for the package maintainers and sysadmins. "Never" is too strong here. There are plenty of legitimate reasons for messing with replicated history. For example, what if you have copyright violations (lifted code), personal details (SSNs), or child pornography in the repository's commit history. The advice is: "Messing with the history of replicated repos is a major undertaking and is not to be undertaken lightly." But I guess that doesn't roll of the tongue as well as "never". Well, if the theory is correct, it would not be observable until the moment we suddenly all died. But the important difference between "stable" and "metastable" is that metastable systems spontaneously collapse, whereas stable systems don't. According to the theory, we could be at a metastable vacuum energy state, which means that we could spontaneously drop to a lower energy state at any time. The difference between "metastable" and "unstable" is really just the time span involved. The LHC collision energy is around 7 TeV. GZK limit (theoretical maximum cosmic ray energy) is about 50,000,000 TeV. Particles have been observed with energies above the GZK limit. You know the Higgs Boson as the "god particle". Well, there's also the "oh my god particle", which was a cosmic ray with observed energy on the order of 300,000,000 TeV. The Steam box is competition whether or not it's out, since it's on the horizon and people will potentially not buy a PS4 so they can wait and see what the Steam box is like. > As for GC, it would be nice to have good real time GCs in runtimes. After decades of GC research, I think the conclusion is, "Yeah, that would be nice." Current state of the art gives us some very nice GCs that penalize either throughput or predictability. One of my favorite stories about GC is here: http://samsaffron.com/archive/2011/10/28/in-managed-code-we-... 1. Noise increases as pixel size increases. So you can't just make the pixels bigger. 2. The 5 megapixel camera on an iPhone 4 is pretty amazing. I wouldn't call it a waste of resources. 3. Displacing MF from high-end camera manufacturers requires tiny pixels. You can shoot pictures for e.g. magazines on a $2,000 D600 today, but in 2003 you would have needed at least $4,000 MF camera plus a $10,000+ scanner. Yes, this is just a niche of the photography market, but it's an important, high-profile niche. In my mind, the quality-conscious consumers were taken by digital at 6 MP, and the studios were taken by digital at 24 MP. There are a few morons around with more money than smarts who will buy crappy cameras because the numbers on the box are higher, but it's clear to me that they're not driving the market right now. If you're looking for a 20% improvement from 5 MP to 6 MP, you won't find it. It's really more like a 10% improvement. How many MP does a camera have, if it has twice the resolution of a 5 MP camera? It has 20 MP, not 10. There are also physical limits. The angular resolution depends on the lens aperture size. Smaller cameras have smaller lenses with smaller apertures, which must have lower angular resolution just because of the laws of physics. At the same time, engineering trade-offs mean that smaller lenses usually have larger apertures proportional to their focal length, so this difference is not quite proportional. But these small cameras do not have unreasonable resolutions. I just looked up the specs for a tiny point-and-shoot, the Nikon Coolpix AW100. From the specs (5-25mm lens, 28-140mm equivalent) we can figure out that the sensor is probably about 6.2mm across (36mm * 5mm / 28mm). The lens is f/3.9, which gives a resolution of about 400 lp/mm in visible light, or about 5000 pixels across 6.2mm. The sensor is 16 MP with about 4600 pixels across it. So the sensor is close to the limits of the optical system. If you're having trouble noticing improvement above 5 MP, it is probably due to technique rather than equipment. * You need to use a tripod. (Or a flash. This should be apparent.) * You must not open the lens fully, this will blur the image from lens imperfections. (Look at the MTF charts of your favorite lens. They're way worse when the lens is fully open.) * You must not close the lens more than a couple stops, this will blur the image from diffraction of light through the lens aperture. (Rayleigh limit. You can do the math yourself.) * You need to be very careful with focus. (In my experience, the "hyperfocal distance" is total bunk when you're doing critical work, which makes sense because the hyperfocal formula is based on the assumption that diffraction is irrelevant. When you want maximum sharpness, you'll be shooting near the diffraction limit so it will be relevant, and therefore the hyperfocal formula is wrong. If I remember right, the adjusted formula is based on lens travel distance from farthest to closest subject point, but I've been using the same lens for so long I use intuition.) I was actually just paraphrasing the linked page from Canon: > In addition, the sensor's pixels and readout circuitry employ new technologies that reduce noise, which tends to increase as pixel size increases. The linked page is pretty sketchy, it mentions lenses but not optics. Optical resolution will be limited regardless of whether the lenses are perfectly polished. It's hardly irrelevant too, with modern optical resolution close to sensor resolution. The article makes assertions but no citations or measurements. Worthless junk. > If the cheaper lenses on DLSRs aren't able to really give enough quality to fully take advantage of higher MP, I'm not quite sure why you'd think that the ones on a compact would be. You might be surprised at the quality of some of the P&S lenses. There have been excellent lenses on cheap fixed-lens P&S cameras for decades: a modern example is the Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100, an older example is the Yahsica Electro series from the 1960s. From resolution tests you can find modern P&S cameras with soft lenses and you can also find ones with real, honest 10+ MP resolutions. You don't need to trust my math, you can go check out test shots online. > As you say yourself "You must not open the lens fully", in which case the f/3.9 is irrelevant. I also wasn't really explaining things fully with the maxim. Opening the lens reduces diffraction and increases aberrations. A few good lenses will open all the way to, say, f/2 and still get sharper as you open them up. Some terrible lenses aren't sharp at f/8. However, the trade-off is different at different system sizes. For a P&S, wide open might be the best way to go. For MF and LF, you'll probably want f/11 or f/22 to start with, as ridiculous as that sounds. Of course, this assumes you want maximum resolution. Sigh. I've been playing piano for... over two decades now, and additional ways of modulating synthesized sound are welcomed with open arms. There are songs I play where I wish so hard that I had polyphonic aftertouch on my keyboard, but alas, it has monophonic aftertouch only. I play a lot of classical, and I even want modulation there. Your concerns... they are carbon copies of the same complaints people had about the introduction of the piano in the early 18th century! Nowadays, the idea that you'd play "The Well-Tempered Clavier" on anything BUT a piano relegates you to a niche in classical (or rather baroque) music, despite the fact that the songs were written for the harpsichord. The assumption that the piano will be how we play Beethoven 50 years from now -- well, I'm sure the piano will still be alive and well in 2063... Instruments come and go, it's the music that lives on. > For classical music, the music is the composer's, s/he composed the music with the limitations of his/her era and re-interpreting their music with new technologies in ways they didn't even imagine. This is not making their music live on as far as I'm concerned. You're drawing a line in the sand, and saying that technological changes are okay for classical music as long as they don't cross that line, but I'm not sure you realize exactly where that line is drawn. Have you ever played Bach or Beethoven? You might be shocked to learn just how different the modern piano is from the devices that these composers worked with. Bach composed within the limitations of the harpsichord: harpsichords lack modulation of timbre and volume, except perhaps with an una corda pedal or by use of a separate manual, both of which are extremely crude methods. It is neither practical nor desirable to emulate this on the piano: the piano is capable of dynamics, and so we play Bach's pieces by inventing dynamics for them. (I'm not going to discuss trills, talk to a musicologist if you like.) Beethoven composed within the limitations of the piano, as it was around the year 1800. You might find such an instrument for sale somewhere, but I doubt it. The piano action has not changed, but the instrument has still evolved considerably from a musical standpoint. I am speaking, of course, of the sustain pedal. Sustain pedal technique is an essential part of classical pianists' training, but it is not historically accurate for classical pieces. Old pianos did not have nearly as much sustain as even cheap modern pianos, and it turns out that pianists in the day would just hold the sustain pedal down. Imagine what that would sound like on a modern piano: a muddy mess of notes. Just as keyboard dynamics were not part of the music of Bach's era, sustain pedal technique was not part of the music of Beethoven's era. You'll find similar discrepancies with other instruments, such as the enormous difference between modern violin bows, which are of Italian descent, and baroque German violin bows. Then there's the question for some keyboard pieces of what instrument they were actually written for. There are theories that certain organ pieces were actually clavinet pieces, for example. Footnote: Yes, Beethoven and Bach composed for other instruments too. > We don't have the technology to replicate the acoustic sound of a piano. That's simply incorrect: the keyboard instruments are the easiest to replicate. Go listen to some samples from Synthogy's website, for example. The problem of "how do we make a computer sound like a piano" has been solved for quite some time now. There is a middle ground. OS X default configuration only allows software to run if it is signed by a developer, unless you right-click on the application and select "open" through the contextual menu, in which case you are presented with the option to override it. I like this, and I am a software developer. (Windows has something like this too. I don't remember the details.) I recently went to the doctor and got a recommendation to try one of three different medicines. Two were "supplements" and the third one was an off-label psychiatric medication. Each drug had its own set of side effects, and I chose one of the supplements because the off-label psychiatric drug required a prescription. I just didn't think "natural" versus "artificial" was relevant. The things that concern me about herbalism are simple: 1. The compounds in herbs are not tested as rigorously as "modern" drugs, at least by the FDA in the US. Knowledge of side effects and safe dosage is more limited. 2. Herbs are often subject to variation in dosages from pill to pill, because the source plant matter is variable and the actual yields are difficult to determine. It's not about ignoring thousands of years of experimentation, it's just that our standards are higher, and the old experiments were poorly conducted. We want to know the side effects and the interactions. We want to know the drug's mechanism. We want to know about the possible complications. We want to know the effective dose and the unsafe dose. And we want to be able to isolate things: herbs contain many chemicals: you might want one of the chemicals, but not want the side effects from one of the other chemicals. It reminds me of the almond extract you can buy at the store. The natural almond extract tastes the same as artificial almond extract, but the natural almond extract contains more cyanide. People pay a premium for things labeled "natural". The heuristic to use natural things works well for foods, but it's a harmful heuristic when considering drugs. It's also a bad heuristic for heating your home (wood fires), immunizing your children (let them die from whooping cough), family planning (pull out), et cetera. Yes, you can name a drug with bad side effects. FDA isn't 100% effective, my point is that the standards for herbal remedies are comparatively worse than those for "modern" drugs. Kava has been linked to liver failure, Comfrey causes liver damage, Chaparral causes liver damage, and Pennyroyal is basically toxic. St John's Wort has so many interactions it's basically unsafe to take in conjunction with anything. On top of this, herbal medicines are often poorly-sourced, and substitutions are made overseas. The regulations just aren't good enough. Then when you talk about the pull-out method of family planning, you say it's a good technique because you'll have kids. That's some impressive double-speak. Next you'll tell me that Caffeine is a good sleep aid because evolution wants you to be more productive. The FDA's regulatory tools simply work better on "modern" drugs. Look at how Thalidomide was never approved for sale in the US, because the FDA said that more studies were needed. By comparison, "dietary supplements" can only be removed from the market if they show "significant or unreasonable risk". If those standards had been applied to Thalidomide, the human cost would have been terrible. (Note: Apologies for the over-use of quote marks. "Modern" isn't quite the right term here, some of these drugs are quite old, but I'm not sure what is the right term.) > You really seem to want to turn it into an X vs Y thing where there has to be one winner. The only X versus Y here is scrutiny. Read my posts a little more carefully: my criticism of herbal remedies is not about the fact that they are herbal, but the fact that they are understood little and regulated poorly. That's not a problem with the remedies themselves, but with the laws and systems of incentives driving scientific research. Those aren't Julian dates. Julian dates are just a count of days since some epoch, so the day after 9365 would be 9366, then 9367, etc. Go ahead and skip to the postlude, if you're grossed out by the part in front. And yes, the first few sections are really gross. > is it possible that San Francisco is not so bad because it has a lot of geeks and marrieds and gays and male cougars, but because it has so many of us. My take on this is that above all, in a land of opportunity, you have to keep your options open. This is from my experience, not from reading the article. You meet someone, and neither person is really interested in investing in the relationship. If the other person isn't interested, then that's that. If the other person is interested, then you can probably do better. And it's ten times worse if you meet someone through a dating website. You'll meet someone, and the relationship has everything going for it. You like each other. But there's a voice in the back of your head telling you that this is just one potential relationship out of thousands of eligible singles in the area. Did you read the postlude? From the article, > our mirroring system had bugs > Originally, mirrored clones were in fact not used, but non-mirrored clones on the anongits come with their own set of issues, and are more prone to getting stopped up by legitimate, authenticated force pushes, ref deletions, and so on – and if we set the refspec such that those are allowed through silently, we don’t gain much. A hybrid approach of a non-mirror initial clone followed by a shift to mirror mode could force the server to validate the entire repository as it packs it, so that is something worth investigating. For those people, we have sticky keys. On some OSs you can activate it by mashing a modifier key a bunch of times. Sticky keys solve the problem in a much better way than caps lock: you can make the key lock or you can apply it just to the next stroke, and you can use it for control / alt / command as well. Not everyone who types with one hand has two hands. An old joke: MY NEW KEYBOARD ARRIVED FROM AOL. I've done my share of tech support, I don't think grandma has a hard time understanding sticky keys. Check out the position of caps lock on the Apple II keyboard, they had it right back then. Remember the news that L4D2 on Linux outperformed the Windows version? As I understand it, the L4D2 code base uses Direct 3D, and on Linux it uses a D3D emulator with OpenGL as the backend, and yet after going through these user-space hoops it still gets a better framerate. The best theory I've heard is that context switching is cheaper on Linux. > And your average writer has certainly read Joyce, Pound, Eliot and Faulkner. I seriously doubt it. I even doubt that your average lit major has read them. If you can't audit it, you can't be sure it is sound. But you seem to claim that it isn't sound, which also isn't possible without an audit. I think there are at least a few engineers at Apple capable of implementing this correctly. Not that I assume it's unbreakable, I'm just not as pessimistic. Twibright Optar stores 200kB per A4 sheet, or 25 seconds at 64kbits/s. 64kbits/s is high quality stereo audio if compressed using Opus. Most music sounds great at this bit rate. 64kbits/s is also 8kHz µ-law PCM, which is the standard for telephone lines in North America--so, terrible but intelligible. Opus can be turned down to 6kbits/s, which gives you about 4.4 minutes of muddy but intelligible speech per page. By extrapolation, we can calculate density for microfiche. Assuming a resolution of 120 lp/mm, microfiche has about 5 times the resolution of the paper used for Optar, and the dimensions are exactly half. This means that microfiche has 6.3 times the density of A4 paper, measured in bytes per sheet. This gives us one high quality, durable recording of "Ring of Fire" on a single sheet of microfiche. I wouldn't bother with uncompressed PCM. (You use the term "wav audio", but WAV is a file format.) Analogue signals do have encodings and conventions, and the information is incorrect or possibly mangled unless you decode in the same way. So you're recording on a record. How fast does the record spin? Do you want a constant angular velocity or constant linear velocity? At what angle does the stylus move? Is there equalization that must be removed afterwards? Is there some kind of modulation? The convention for LP is 33⅓ RPM constant angular velocity, with two channels each cut at 45° from vertical, the groove moving from the outside in, and the RIAA equalization curve. If you don't know that the audio modulates the groove position, then you just have an oversized coaster. Digital conventions are just a little more demanding. However, PCM is quite simple and you can dig it out of unknown file formats with relative ease. It looks like "least resistance" here means, "I don't want to have to go to the gym, so I bought equipment so I could exercise at home." No shit, Sherlock. You don't need much equipment to get a good workout at home. Most of the machines at the gym are for isolation exercises. They serve three purposes: they help sell memberships, they're useful if you're injured, and they're useful for serious bodybuilders. This is, I think, common knowledge. But I think it bears repeating that if you have an injury, free weights might not be for you. As a side note, Schwarzenegger did an AMA over on /r/fitness yesterday. He was a powerlifter before he was a bodybuilder, and his advice is simple. http://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/comments/1brg0z/im_back_ama_... Well, no, it's not that easy. You can't always just speed things up or slow them down. For example, try to extract audio from a CD-4 / Quadradisc record. Two of the channels are modulated with a 30 kHz carrier using something called FM-PM-SSBFM, and they won't be audible unless you demodulate them properly. You won't get anything resembling music unless you know exactly what you're doing. By comparison, I've recovered audio from undocumented proprietary PCM-based formats from video games made in the 90s. It was no problem. So I think the distinction between analogue and digital is not as important as the distinction between simple formats (mono/stereo records, linear PCM) and complex formats (FM-PM-SSBFM, MP3). How do I write triplets? Percussion? Tremolo? Why are all of the "critics" 25 or younger? How do I write parts with multiple voices? If I remember correctly, it's undefined behavior if you redefine keywords anywhere, not just for library headers as the article suggests. Partly because a bad workman chooses poor tools to begin with. Tools do matter. It's easier to find a mistake in say, an SQL query or some R code than it is to find a mistake in an Excel spreadsheet, where you are trying to catch the difference between SUM(A3:A12) and SUM(A3:A10) in a thousand different cells. Yes, it does highlight the cells. But if a mistake does somehow make it in, it is still exceptionally tedious to find the error. It is easy enough to expand a formula for additional cells but accidentally miss a cell, leaving it with the old formula. If you were using SQL, R, or Python, this class of error would never happen. I'd say Excel is superior to those systems for any one-person project. Especially monsters like Bugzilla, which shine for huge projects but impose a lot of overhead on tiny projects. Please update the instructions if they are wrong then: http://www.bugzilla.org/docs/4.4/en/html/installation.html In particular, any piece of software that needs an MTA in order to run is not going to be pleasant when you are running a one-person project. What, are you going to want to receive email updates from yourself whenever you update a bug that you created on the computer you are using right now? I wasn't even talking about installation, however. Go to the Landfill if you don't believe me ( http://landfill.bugzilla.org/ ). You want to create a new bug? You first have to create a product, then you have to create components. You have to fill out the entire form when filing a bug, even if you only have one product, one component, and only target one operating system. Then look at a bug report. Log in to Landfill and look at a bug. Here's one: https://landfill.bugzilla.org/bugzilla-4.4-branch/show_bug.c... Then think about the cost of running Bugzilla. You are now running a web server. What if you don't have a server? What if you just have a laptop for the road and a desktop at home? How are you going to do database backups? Tell me: does this beat an Excel spreadsheet for a one-person project? Edit: I'm not saying Bugzilla is bad software. I'm saying it's like a stick shift. If you put an automatic transmission in a car, you alienate users who prefer manual. If you put a manual transmission in a car, you alienate users who don't know how to use it. > I'd say Excel is superior to those systems for any one-person project. > I was referring to professional software projects where I've had to work with other people We're having different discussions. It happens. I was pretty careful about choice of words: I said "tiny" and "one-person" rather than "small". For a "small" project I'd use Bugzilla or Trac or whatever makes the grass greener with the least fertilizer. Not every developer wants to be a sysadmin. Some developers are hobbyists with a single Windows machine—for those developers, Bugzilla administration might be an arduous task which requires skills they don't want to waste graymatter on. Well, we already understand and follow RSVP, and that's not even English. Could you elaborate on "developed organically" and "many years"? It seems apparent to me that at some point, someone used the word RSVP for the first time without explaining what it meant. Perhaps by "developed organically" you mean "it happened so long ago that it seems natural now?" Really? Whenever I've been there people have been very rude, pedantic, sarcastic, and in general acting like /b/ rejects. Maybe I've been unlucky? I think you're misunderstanding how naïve Bayesian spam filters work. These techniques explicitly do not recognize patterns at all, they just look at vocabulary, and treat each word as a completely independent feature—so they don't even recognize "discount viagra" as a pattern, but merely two independent features "discount" and "viagra". Naïve Bayesian filtering might not work very well on this kind of text. It basically looks like a regular comment, until you start recognizing that it always follows the same pattern. Your basic Bayesian classifier will throw all of the words in a set before analyzing them, which loses all of the information about patterns and word order. The resulting words are considered "independent" which means that even though the template might generate the words "pretty worth bloggers content online" every time it uses the first template, the naïve Bayesian classifier will never figure that part out. My suspicion is that existing Bayesian classifiers have pushed the spammers to develop more natural-seeming templates, like this one. I'm sorry, but I hear this from a lot of people and it's just not true. My dad won't play games made after, say, '96 because that's when things stopped being interesting. I think it's just a matter of how emotionally open you are to investing time in playing new games. Games cut from the same mold as those in 2004 wouldn't sell well today, and there are some good reasons why. FPSs in 2004 had just gotten away from the stupid jumping puzzles ubiquitous in the previous decade, for example. When I was young, I had poor taste in many things. I wouldn't waste time on most video games today, but I still remember liking everything when I was a kid. We're also in the middle of an indie game explosion, with a renewed focus on solid gameplay. You won't see it if you only look at AAA titles. I don't know if I'd put Avernum on that list, since it is substantially the same game as Exile, which was made in 1995. Macs have had function keys since forever and right click for quite some time now. I appreciate that you're trying to make a joke, but the platform wars are over and everybody won, you can go home and get work done now. > “These guys kind of kept it a secret,” says Leavitt. “If this had got out… this would have been a bad thing for the casinos.” I'm sure they would have pulled all the games pretty quickly if it had gotten out. Casinos take analytics seriously. For a mouse, you get a right click by pressing the button on the right side, and a left click by pressing the button on the left side. You can middle click by pressing both. This is enabled through a setting. For a trackpad, you get a right click by pressing with two fingers, and a left click by pressing with one fingers. I can see how if you don't do your homework you would be under the impression that this is not possible. This has been true since 2005, I think. Maybe you haven't used a Mac seriously in more than eight years, in which case you might reconsider your qualifications for discussing them. As a user who avoided Pulse for years, I feel your pain. But since I started writing audio apps for Linux, I realized that the Pulse Audio API is the least broken way to do audio on Linux. It is very comparable to Core Audio and DirectSound in terms of the most relevant features. ALSA should just give hardware access but instead it is bloated with plugins and tries to do everything. There's really no excuse for not doing mixing and sample rate conversion in userspace (not all hardware can do it) and an audio server just makes more sense than plugins for client applications. Yes, and the lesson from Dirac was that wavelets are cool, but they have some serious problems which must be overcome before they can be used in a complete codec. The consensus was that intra-frame prediction is very important, and it's relatively easy to do intra-frame prediction if you can predict the content of one discrete block based on blocks that appeared earlier in the stream. It's hard to do intra-frame prediction with wavelets, since they don't divide into blocks. Sex does not mean two genders, neither in the simulation nor in real life. It just means that offspring inherit genes from two (or more!) parents rather than one. Amazon pays a 70% royalty for ebooks that were published directly by the author. Is it unfair for this royalty to be so large? (I realize that this is more complicated than "70%", see https://kdp.amazon.com/self-publishing/help?topicId=A29FL26O... ) I think it's a sign of efficiency that a large portion of the money goes to content creators. Content creation will get cheaper as technology improves, sure, but in fields like music and writing, content creators struggle to make a decent wage. Therefore as content distribution technology improves, the percentage of money given to content creators should increase. > And not one of the content creators has an inherent 'right' to make a profit from their work. Agreed. > The market decides winners and losers, and inevitably in this market it's going to be mostly losers. But the problem is that royalty rates are decided by law, rather than by negotiation between interested parties. This isn't a market economy, this is a planned economy. Go read that article again. That article talks about how content creators needed a ~10% profit margin to survive. The introduction of DVDs meant that half of that profit moved into long-term DVD sales, so studios decreased short-term margins and made bets on long term gains. When digital distribution took profits from DVDs, content creators were suddenly running at ~5% margins because the long-term bet had flopped. Or, in summary, we are in the middle of a market correction. I don't know much about the movie business, and I'm not sure about my predictions. But I wouldn't want to draw conclusions by narrowing my focus to big-budget Hollywood movies with traditional distribution models, especially if the newer content distribution technologies are disrupting that model. I also wasn't trying to make a statement about absolute amounts. > The royalty rates perhaps aren't what the content creators would like them to be, but complaining about that when the term lengths for copyright are so outrageously generous just smacks of greed. For most working people, you get paid for your work once, and not for the rest of your life plus an additional 70 years. This is a non-sequitur. "Musicians are paid royalties for the rest of their life plus 70 years, therefore they should not complain about how large the royalties are." Obviously if our top musicians earned $10 over a 120 year period they would rightly complain about wages. Also obvious is that a $2 million per year royalty due for a song whose composers died nearly 100 years ago is excessive and wrong. What is not clear is how to pay musicians. Since you seem to care about this problem, suggest something. That's a childish way of asking for what you want: (1) opening an issue in the wrong forum and (2) failing to familiarize yourself with the previous discussion threads. You know this is a controversial topic, please act more maturely in the future. Any time a bug report is linked in Hacker News the community ends up spamming the tracker with our enlightened opinions. Show some restraint. Samples? Some of us record audio tracks, we don't use MIDI for everything. For example, if you want to record your band at home, you might have six microphones just to get started (vocals, guitar, bass, snare, kick, and drum overhead). Outboard limiters and microphone preamps are not out of the question. On the other hand, if you do everything with software samplers and synthesizers, then you just need a computer, Logic, and some headphones. That was exactly my point. If you pay $500 per channel, and maybe $1k for monitors, $1k for the computer, $1k for a MIDI controller, that's already $6k. Another $4k could easily get eaten up by room treatments, misc hardware like mic stands and cables, control interfaces, patch bays, etc. So $10k is reasonable, and if that's reasonable, then the difference between $200 Logic and $60 is not all that great. Never mind the fact that if you actually earn a living doing this, the Reaper license is $225 anyway. P.S. I think the $50 for a cheap mic is too low, and $100 is the lowest you should pay (probably for an SM57). P.P.S. There are lots of ways to mic a Viola, no need to get a special Viola mic. 1) There are more platforms than "GCC" and "Microsoft". Maybe your microwave oven runs code written in C++, who knows. 2) In 2005, some existing C++ standard libraries did not follow the standard very well. The £10 note had Florence Nightingale, Charles Dickens, Charles Darwin, and it is soon to have Jane Austen. I can understand "I don't like her books" but that's not part of the criteria. There's no OCR involved here. None. All it's doing is recognizing "similar" patches of the image and coalescing them, which is what it's supposed to do, according to the standard. Yes, it's too aggressive. > In order for the open file not to be inherited by the new program, we must introduce a new variant of open(2) that can open a file descriptor atomically marked "close on exec." This is incorrect, because you can prevent fds from getting inherited even without "close on exec". Simply list the files in /dev/fd and you'll see all the file descriptors your program has open, and then you can close all of the ones that the exec'd program won't need. The same thing is done on Linux with /proc/self/fd. The whole facility gets wrapped in a library function (not a standard library function, sadly) since there is a minor trick involved in getting this right. The problem with close on exec is that libraries would have to be modified to ensure they mark descriptors as close-on-exec. The current system is admittedly arcane and non-portable, but it does work. You can call functions that aren't async-signal-safe after a fork(). The standard library has prefork handlers that fire ensuring that you can e.g. opendir() safely after fork(), even if another thread was halfway through malloc() at the time of the fork. Forking + threads is very messy, but it's not quite that pathological. I'd like to see an interface similar to posix_spawn() become the norm for spawning processes, with a fallback to fork()+exec() for more difficult use cases, but I don't think posix_spawn() is good enough. Seems like you're right. Whoops, time to go fix some of my code, which is why I really want a non-broken posix_spawn(). Another silly way to do things is to have the parent process send a list of fds to close over a pipe, which at least doesn't require a second call to exec(). I think the problem with close-on-exec is always going to be simple though: you have to make sure every library you use sets the flag. But you'll need memory barriers. Let's say you have two variables, x and y, satisfying x >= y at all times, and the values of x and y are never allowed to decrease. // Thread 1 atomic_inc(&x); atomic_inc(&y); // Thread 2 local_y = atomic_read(&y); local_x = atomic_read(&x); If you go through it logically, it's always in a valid state, right? No. You need explicit synchronization. If we start at x=1, y=1, then thread 2 can see x=1, y=2, which seems impossible! Or in short, your exception sucks. (By "sucks" I mean it is not sufficiently detailed enough to prevent errors.) Which are semantically less clear than goto, when you are working with something that is semantically a state machine. > For 100 stock fund managers buying and selling stocks, statistics tells us that 50 of them will do better than the market averages (and 50 will do worse). If you're going to simplify things, take out the numbers because the numbers are wrong. For example, let's suppose that there are six companies you can invest in, and six managers who each invest in one company. One company grows 600%, and the other five declare bankruptcy. Average growth is 16%, but only 1 in 6 managers beat the average. The other thing that's wrong is that you use the term "statistics" where you mean "probability theory". Probability theory describes how many managers you'd expect to beat the average. Statistics describes how you'd test this. > I can't even imagine how I would go from having an iPad as a high school student to stumbling into programming. I'm not so sure. I remember programming in high school. I wrote one or two programs for my TI calculator but mostly stayed away from it because the experience was so bad, and I wasn't that sad when it was lost/stolen (I preferred the HP anyway). On the other hand, you could do a lot on a computer, share source code on floppy disks, use a nice debugger, use a nice language like C or Pascal. It took a bunch of code to set up a window and a proper event loop but you could type that in from a book or (later) a web page. It's been getting easier every year. Graphing calculators are little more than terrible computers these days. Given how irrelevant they are now, imagine how irrelevant they will be when today's high school students finish their MSEEs and enter the workforce. I'm not really commenting on the viability of iPads here, just on the (non-)viability of graphing calculators. "64-bit processor" almost universally refers to using a 64-bit word size: 64 bits of virtual memory space (even if only some of it is mappable) and 64-bit ALUs. This was well covered when desktops switched, but the main advantages are that certain operations are faster (e.g. RSA) and the extra address space lets you use mmap() and the page cache for everything, instead of writing your own stupid cache. Disadvantages are that 64-bit code consumes more memory. There are ways around this. We already have a copyleft compiler, GCC, and under the stewardship of the FSF it has turned into a total mess. The community has been wasting effort for years duplicating issues that have already been solved in GCC because the FSF refused to merge patches that would make it modular. On the other hand, you can download Clang and make your own tools from it now. Go ahead, I dare you to do either of the following: * Use GCC's C frontend to write a code analysis tool of any sort, * Write a new frontend to GCC. FSF's damage to the GCC code base proved that you can still sabotage freedom while adhering to the letter of a copyleft license. I suspect the KHTML mess is still fresh in the minds of many engineers at Apple. > it does blind one or more of your senses Wow, you really don't know what a double-blind study is. It is NOT about the senses. From Wikipedia ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blind_experiment ) > The terms blind (adjective) or to blind (transitive verb) when used in this sense are figurative extensions of the literal idea of blindfolding someone. Note the word "figurative". Senses are not actually being blinded. I think this metric might weight Tennessee higher than one would intuitively desire. Perhaps: 1. Draw a line segment between two connected points in the state, such that only the endpoints of the line are contained in the state. 2a. Draw a line segment perpendicular to this one, such that one end touches the first line, the other end touches the border of the state, and only one endpoint is contained within the state. The length of the largest such line is the "concavity" of the state. 2b. Alternatively, measure the area contained between line #1 and the state border. The largest such area is the "concavity" of the state. 2c. Alternatively, measure the ratio of the area in #2b to the length of the corresponding line in #1. Did you submit a bug? You went to the trouble of verifying it, so I'm hoping so. > no wonder people like key-value stores You're doing a relational query: select, join, project. Translate it to a key-value store and you're going to end up with way more boilerplate. Using a key-value store for a relational query is like trying to use a screwdriver to drive a nail. C is not allowed to reorder structs. There's a section in the C standard, n1516 page 113 (section 6.7.2.1 paragraph 15) > Within a structure object, the non-bit-field members and the units in which bit-fields reside have addresses that increase in the order which they are declared. Right, but none of those changes can be merged upstream, because there are too many systems where "python2" does not exist (but some python2.x does). It was a royal PITA for anybody with build scripts written in Python: do you break your scripts for Arch, or do you break them for everybody else? That's just the modern PC landscape for you. My Mac Pro is on the high end of that age range and it still does what it needs to do. > Open standards rock . I'd like to expand on this. The Microsoft Word team is the only group of people that ever had any say over what goes in a Word document. In the old days, a Word document was nothing more than the serialized version of what Word had in memory. Photoshop files are the same way. As soon as you're not the only one with a say over the file format, you turn it into a standard. And you step up to make it a good standard because otherwise nobody's going to use it. My conclusion is that any standards rock. Play more KSP. You learn pretty quick "just because it's going up, doesn't mean it's going to stay there." No, they're saying the performance will be slightly degraded. But you can already spin up thousands of threads on Linux without performance problems. The M:N model is notoriously difficult, making your threading system 10x as complicated usually isn't worth the 10% performance increase. Haskell is, again, the exception that proves the rule. In Haskell there is no stack and no need for TLS, so the complexity of M:N threading is much lower. Additionally, on Haskell there is a provision for pinning green threads to OS threads if you need interoperability with foreign code that can't get moved across threads as easily, and the assumption is that you usually don't need to pin threads. I'd also like to point out that for some applications, using native threads instead of green threads will reduce the number of context switches, it's when threads are CPU bound that green threads give you the biggest performance boost. Dart also compiles to JavaScript, and was designed to do so from the very beginning. Accounts are cheap. Free, in fact. Length of suspension should be related to the severity of the offenses (in this case, vandalism and abusive/offensive speech) and the likelihood to commit additional offenses (in this case, high because the user vandalized the question many times). I doubt it was a moderator that edited your post. Moderators are unlikely to engage in edit wars because it would be easier for them to lock the post. Your post may have been edited by just another user. Look for a diamond ♦ in the username. The diamond indicates that the user is a moderator. However, any user with 2,000 rep or more can edit posts. There are a lot of 2k rep users on Stack Overflow! Some of them are teenagers (look at the profiles). That's one of the things I like about Debian, is that /bin/sh is dash (Debian Almquist Shell). Somehow I got known at work as a guy who knows shell scripting, but people never ask me about simple problems and so I always end up telling them to use Python or C#. Yeah, but with the number of 9s you see you realize that asteroids are NOT taken into account. For example, Amazon advertises 99.999999999% durability for a given year for S3 objects. This is just stupid. An extinction-level event (asteroid, global thermonuclear war, black hole) could easily wipe out ALL data on S3. We know that mass extinctions have occurred about once every 100 million years. That means that if we expect a 10^-8 chance of a mass extinction event in a given year, Amazon would need a 99% chance of surviving a mass extinction in order to meet average durability ratings for S3. After a certain number of 9s you just have to smile, nod, and truncate the number. That doesn't reduce entropy, it just fails to increase it. You're talking about entropy pools as if they just XOR'd their inputs, which is demonstrably false. > The data from extremistan will more likely follow a power law distribution. That's exactly the kind of logical inference that the linked article warns against, unless you have some additional reasoning behind that assertion. What, his theory that biological traits become either more or less common in a population as a function of the effect of inherited traits on the differential reproductive success of organisms interacting with their environment? Could you elaborate on how a guy getting scammed proves this right? Maybe you can demonstrate that people with Nigerian ancestry are less likely to fall for this kind of scam (since their ancestors lived in an environment with selective pressure to avoid the scams)? And what would the definition of `editable?` look like? fn editable(&self) -> bool { self.created_at Yes, it's wrong. No amount of unit testing or isolation is going to change the fact that whenever you read code like that, your brain will come up with two conflicting meanings, because these cutesy methods make it look too much like English, and English has different rules . English parse tree is: ((less than (five minutes)) ago), whereas code parse tree is (less than ((five minutes) ago)). > In addition, there's no reason why one MOVEM can't contain data from multiple rows. The screen buffer is 512x384 (24.5 KB, not 10.4 KB), so you have to copy one row at a time. The source and destination pointers have to increment by different amounts after each row (13 and 16 words, respectively). See the following lines in the article's assembly: ADD #52, A0 ADD screenRow, A1 screenRow must be defined to 64. Definitely feasible. The original was done in discrete logic, so the FPGA makes the process like 100x cheaper and 100x simpler. There's actually a Wikipedia article about doing this, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soft_microprocessor Although you might want to start with something simpler, like an 8-bit design so you can get the hang of sequencing before you start adding things like a MMU. It's also easy to simulate FPGAs on a computer, so you could get a simulation running before you go out and start spending your beer money buying Xilinx boards. The simulation will also help you choose a reasonable board, since the big ones are expensive and the small ones might not run your CPU. Or they might. All systems that reinforce some behaviors reinforce some bad behaviors. > SHA1's naturally a bit tougher to beat than CRC32... That's like saying that bank vaults are tougher to break into than cardboard boxes. Bank vaults are actively guarded and designed to prevent unauthorized access, cardboard boxes are just for organizing your junk and can't even keep a small child out. Making a CRC32 collision is easy if you try. You just have to solve a mathematical equation in a small, well-understood finite ring. By comparison, SHA1 does not have a simple equation. It was purposefully designed to be difficult to solve. NOBODY has yet found two different pieces of data with the same SHA1 hash, or if they have they have kept it secret. Some are stuck on the 3.x series, like Blender. It has nothing to do with frequentist versus bayesian statistics this is really just a pure probability theory problem. You're oversimplifying. The problem is the interpretation of the question in precise terms. We are given some background information and then told the observation of a particular random variable. In the given article, the random variable is interpreted as "yes/no: at least one child is a boy born on a Tuesday". Rambling about "order" does not change the fact that the article is correct, given the definition of the random variable that is observed. The problem is that this interpretation is only correct if you imagine that you are always given the observation of the same random variable no matter what the genders or birthdays of the children actually are. For example, if I had two girls born on Wednesday, I would then tell you "no child is a boy born on a Tuesday". That's an unlikely scenario which is what makes it legitimately surprising. It's like the Monty Hall problem. What if the host picks the door in advance? What if the host only opens a door with a goat under the condition that you picked the door with the prize? What if the host only opens a door with a goat under the condition that you picked the wrong door? The article has problems but "wrong" is not one of them. > so hey, fuck you guys too Hacker News is a terrible place to visit if you want to take the voting system personally. Don't make this about you. It's about the post. > answer the question as posed You can't give a correct answer to an incomplete question. Sit down and define the problem and if you come up with a different answer it's because you made a different assumption about the definition of the observed random variable. Let's suppose there are four universes. * Two boys (25% chance) * Two girls (25% chance) * Boy and girl (50% chance) If we assume that the observed random variable has a preimage that contains all possibilities where the statement is true, then we come to the 1/3 conclusion, which is counterintuitive but true . This is the position of the article. I have come to the same conclusion without using order, but I have used the same definition of the observed random variable. Tell me what you think the random variable is. We could assume that the random variable has a preimage which only contains the case where both children are boys. Bam, probability 100%, not 1/2 or 1/3. Or we can assome that the random variable has a preimage which only contains the case where one child is of each gender. Bam. Probability 0%. So any answer between 0% and 100% is defensible. If we're going to bring reality into this, I think we have to take into account the fact that only very weird people tell you that "at least one child is a boy born on a Tuesday" and we have to consider the possibility that they are lying in order to test your knowledge of probability. > I think because it's called "standard deviation" that it sounds like the thing to use or look for. Yes! Because it's an awesome trick and lets you do good estimates on napkins. The other day I was buying lunch at a food cart and thought about how much change the food carts had to carry, as a function of how many customers they have, under the assumption that they want to be able to provide correct change to 99% of their customers. Let's say that the average amount of change a customer needs is $5, and a 99-th percentile customer needs $15 in change. If we pretend that the distribution is approximately Gaussian we can calculate that 1,000 food carts with 1 customer each would need $15,000 in change, but 1 food cart with 1,000 customers would need $5 x 1,000 + ($15 - $5) * sqrt(1,000) ≈ $5,320. That's math you can do in your head without a calculator (being a programmer, 1,000 ≈ 2^10 so sqrt(1,000) ≈ 2^5). The standard deviation and assumptions of normality are so useful because of the central limit theorem. That is, if you have many iid variables which have finite standard deviation the sum will converge to a Gaussian distribution as the number of variables increases. Then you say "Well, the standard deviation weighs the tail too heavily" and the response is "well use higher order moments then, that's what they're they're for". The enterprises that think that large software projects can be completed with "pay X get Y" are the ones that fail, historically speaking, because software projects are subject to a much higher risk of budget and schedule overrun than other types of projects (such as civil engineering projects). Large IT projects have put more than a few large companies into bankruptcy. Saying that it's silly to think that food carts have $5,000 in change is unproductive because I was illustrating how the calculation works, not how the economics of food carts works, and the numbers I used for illustrative purposes were not intended to reflect reality. (1,000 customers in a day? Not likely, my guess is 200 for the busiest food carts.) But it's good to have bad estimates, at least, it's better to have bad estimates than it is to have no estimates at all. I'm not saying that standard deviation is a substitute for more thorough analysis, just that standard deviation is an improvement over just talking about the mean. Another example: We'd like to hire you, the mean number of hours per week you'd work is 40. Versus: We'd like to hire you, the mean number of hours per week you'd work is 40, and the standard deviation is 15. So your bad estimate is that you'd have two 70-hour weeks each year. But it's better than no estimate. > and the MAD is more intuitive, it has a natural geometrical interpretation It's less intuitive, not more intuitive, at least for me. And the standard deviation definitely has a more geometric interpretation than MAD. If you measure a hundred samples, and you want to figure out how much they differ from the expected values, what could be more intuitive than Euclidean distance? But most people never bother to try and extend their intuition about ℝ^3 to ℝ^100 to realize how simple standard deviation truly is. What is being advocated here is the use of the L_1 norm (MAD) over the familiar L_2 norm (standard deviation). Everybody knows and understands L_2, and L_2 has a lot of desirable properties. Why does this not make sense? Please explain. Because of the central limit theorem, many distributions encountered in science are approximately Gaussian, which is parameterized by its mean and standard deviation. According to Wikipedia: "Height is sexually dimorphic and statistically it is more or less normally distributed, but with heavy tails." On top of that, we have well-understood and easy to compute estimators for standard deviation. Using the sample variance is not a bad estimator at all, the only real disagreement is whether you divide by N or N-1. We often have to compress the data down to a single decision or statistic: yes/no should I accept the job offer, how much money should I save before buying a house, or what's the probability that I'll die in the next 10 years. I hate to quote XKCD, but it's like saying your favorite map projection is a globe ( http://xkcd.com/977/ ). Yes, you've preserved all the data, but even with computers, your beloved graph will not make it all the way to the end. In 1D, L_2 = L_1. But if you are talking about 100 sample points, the data has 100 dimensions. > that's not an intuitive expression based on the problem statement That's the danger I'm talking about when you start using the word "intuitive". Intuition is relative, and someone who works with mathematics or statistics will develop a mathematical intuition about things. Just like if you're an experienced driver you'll intuitively know when other drivers are about to change lanes, even before they signal. I think of L_2 more intuitive because it physical space uses the L_2 norm. The other thing that makes L_1 counterintuitive is that if you measure the absolute deviation from the mean, then you aren't minimizing the deviation—in order to do that, you have to choose the median. In other words, you say "this is the center" and "this is the measure of how far away everything is from the center", but you could have picked a different center which has a lower distance from your data. Counterintuitive. Wrong goal. Wikimedia is looking for a video format that reaches most users now, not one that will probably reach many users a few years from now. There are several errors in this comment. 1. The CIE XYZ color space is different from the CIE RGB color space. 2. "Dynamic range" is not about gamut but the ratio between white and black. A monochrome display can have high dynamic range. 3. Neither the CIE XYZ nor the CIE RGB color space correspond to human vision. CIE RGB color space uses three monochromatic primaries (700 nm, 546.1 nm, and 435.8 nm) and so there are visible colors that it can't represent without using negative numbers (such as the blue color of an Argon laser). The CIE XYZ space is a linear transformation of the CIE RGB space designed to represent all visible colors without using negative numbers, the trade-off is that most of the colors in XYZ are imaginary -- they cannot be perceived by humans, recorded by cameras, or displayed by monitors. The color space closest to human perception is CIE LMS, which still contains many imaginary colors. If you want better colors look no farther than Rec 2020, which is probably going to come around soon. It still won't represent Argon-laser-blue but the cost of representing all colors on a real, physical display is prohibitive (to the point that no prototypes even exist). Agreed that sRGB is a rather small color space but improvements on color representation have to take into account the engineering needed to make it happen. The question, "Which primaries should I use?" was thoroughly explored during the development of Rec. 2020 and I suggest you read their rationale. You're asking for something that nobody is prepared to deliver, and nobody has plans for delivering it, and nobody knows what kind of technology would even be used to create such an experience. 1. Natural contrast ratios are so far beyond the limits of current display technology that it would take a complete revolution in material science just to figure out what to make the actual screen out of. 2. Natural colors are have a gamut that cannot be reproduced using the fixed primary model. You would have to do something like put a dynamically tunable laser inside each pixel. It's like asking for a USB port on your computer in 1949. However, if you're prepared to make some small compromises: 1. Okay, contrast ratios are limited by glare from ambient light. 2. Okay, we'll use three primaries: red, green, and blue. THEN, Rec. 2020 is what you want. > "dynamic range" (DNR) is not about white and black, it means the ratio of the largest/smallest values of a changeable quantity. In the context of displays, the changeable quantity is the amount of light. White is the name of the largest value, black is the name of the smallest value. > I would say that the most stable codebase would be… Why guess, when you can look at real examples? Look at standards like MISRA C, or projects like the computers on the STS or Mars rovers. Using a static type system and testing things is but a small part of the process typically used for high-reliability systems. It seems you are conflating testing and TDD, they are different things. However the benefits of testing can seem rather obvious if you are in the software industry. We hire people to do QA, and if the developers write tests, we can hire fewer people to do QA and still meet reliability targets. Software development is a loop: design -> code -> test, over and over again, and automated testing means that the code is still fresh in your mind when you fix it. But it sounds like you're wondering, "why test at all?" Well, would you sell a car or a table saw that had never been tested to a customer? I think C and C++ are pretty terrible languages for most application developers, and they are also from an earlier generation of languages than JavaScript, so I don't see how we can ascribe the difference in productivity to dynamic versus static type systems. The most damning thing is perhaps that C and C++ require additional testing that JavaScript does not require, and that is testing for memory safety. In C++ you can kind of stay safe by using references but there is still a lot of risk and you always have to keep object lifetimes in mind. C and C++ are probably among the least productive languages in common use today for other reasons as well—such as for their header files. There are three metrics getting thrown around: * Performance per dollar operating cost (performance per watt is closest to this) * Performance per dollar capital expenditure (important for desktop systems, where operating costs are low) * Performance per dollar TCO (sum of the above two) The third one is the important one. True, but when people say "ansi C", then Clinton is almost always president. (I say this because these days, I hear "C89" or "C90", "C99", or "C11". People who say "ANSI" get asked for clarification.) Iron is ferromagnetic, so the magnet will stick to the tube and not fall through. Unfortunately, it seems like this was written by someone without a science or engineering background. Here are some errors in content or presentation: 1. "Concrete jungle"... assuming gravity is supplied through rotation, the structure would be under constant tension, which makes concrete a very bad choice of material. 2. "Synthesized photosynthesis"... "Photosynthesis" is a process, "synthesize" is what you do to a substance. "Artificial photosynthesis" is the correct term. 3. "Renewable energy, however, will never live up to its promises. Hydrogen will be abundant from synthesized photosynthesis"... Artificial photosynthesis is a renewable energy source, so it is contradictory to say that renewable energy will never live up to its promises. Here are some criticisms: 1. "AI" is a dream of the 1960s, we now understand that the problem with AI is that we don't understand "intelligence" with sufficient depth to describe what makes an AI different from an ordinary computer problem. I would say "automated mission to Europa" instead of "AI mission to Europa". 2. I don't think wired infrastructure will go a way. We are addicted to bandwidth and fiber is the way to get it. We will only use wireless at the bottom two levels or so. 3. Protein will be significantly less difficult to supply than suggested. When I read this, I feel like I'm reading predictions of a global network of flying zeppelins from the early 1900s. That's not to say it's avoidable. It's not avoidable. We can only really predict what will happen in the absence of technological revolutions. What's really missing is a description of what humans will do for a living. White collar jobs are getting automated, and everyone graduating collage is competing with the people who used to do what the computers do, except for the percentage of graduates in the non-automated fields (like software development). Right. And the frequentist version is also useful. If you test one person and the the test is positive, then that person is the president (p=0.00001). If you test a thousand people, and the test is positive for one of them, then that person is the president (p=0.01). So you don't really need Bayesian logic to reason that you should test fewer people if you want a more significant result. (Note I'm not saying you don't need Bayes' Theorem, which everyone uses.) Edit: I think most people on HN get their knowledge of frequentist and bayesian statistics from XKCD #1132. That's sad. I bet the p-values on that site would be very high if properly calculated. Generally, if you are reporting correlations between a large number of variables, the p-values shoot through the roof. Of course, TONS of people forget this and publish a p-value as if those two variables are the only ones under consideration. Which is just sad. As a complement to pure Bayesian reasoning, I recommend Mayo's "Error and the Growth of Experimental Knowledge". http://www.amazon.com/Experimental-Knowledge-Science-Concept... That's the most famous comparison between frequentist and bayesian statistics, and it's a shame because the frequentist interpretation depicted in the comic is really a straw man argument. See: http://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/43339/whats-wrong-w... That's a good point. Conversely, when you run a test and get a result which is "not statistically significant", that doesn't mean that the measured effect is not significant. For example, if I test a drug and say "it does not cause cancer (p=0.17)", that's wrong. Yes, the correlation with cancer is not statistically significant, but it is significant in the normal sense of the word. I think we're talking about different experiments. I'm not talking about, "here are the correlation statistics for 100 variables", I'm talking about, "I tested 100 variables, and these are the five pairs which are most strongly correlated." > seeing the given data given that X is president You've got it backwards. The p-value is the chance that we see the given data given that X is not president. Frequentist approach would be to design an experiment, determine rules for interpreting data, and then consider the probability that the experiment lead to the correct conclusion. In this case, the experiment is really "who is president?" and not "is person X president?" The "who is president?" question does not really have a null hypothesis, so it makes no sense to talk about p-values. Instead, we can talk about two different results: identified the president correctly, and identified the president incorrectly. We then have to design the experiment in such a way that probabilities can be calculated. But this is not possible if you say the repeated experiment is testing a bunch of people to see if one is president--because the probability depends on who actually is president, and that's not known. So you consider the experiment to be "the president goes about their business and ends up in some random place, we get amnesia, and then run the test." We can simulate this experiment because we can come up with some probability distribution for where the president is. We can't come up with a probability for who the president is, because that's unknown and either 0% or 100%--only Bayesians would let you do that. Then you can choose the order of people to test to maximize the probability that the president will be identified correctly. And then you say things like, * The test had a 92% chance of succeeding. * We only had to test 14 people, and in such cases, the test had a 98% chance of succeeding. > Compilers like XLC will actually even assume unsigned loop induction variables will not ovefrlow at O3 That's not exactly fair. The C standard guarantees that unsigned variables will overflow by wrapping, so if the compiler assumes such a loop won't terminate, it is not conformant. Issue 2.2 has nothing to do with leaking the file size. It has to do with the encryption algorithm used. Most modern encryption schemes operate on blocks of a certain fixed size, but if the file isn't a multiple of the block size, you have to do something special with the last block. EncFS apparently uses some made-up scheme for this, instead of using something more standard and well-understood. The common choices would be padding and ciphertext stealing. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ciphertext_stealing There are a few stories that follow this pattern... my favorite is the one about Starcraft development. While Blizzard was making nothing more than "Warcraft in space", a competing studio showed a beautiful and fluid RTS at trade shows that got everyone's attention. The Starcraft team had a hard time getting their product to the same level, and had to scrap a lot of code. It turned out that the other studio was just showing prerecorded videos at trade shows, while employees mimed the appropriate button presses to make it look interactive. It is a common misconception among people designing compression algorithms that such a technique is possible at all in general, or feasible for specific cases (it is neither). As an illustration, consider a shuffled deck of playing cards, and you want to find a seed for your random number generator so you can just store the seed instead of the entire deck. If your seed is a 64-bit number, then the chance that you can represent the deck using a seed is about 1 in 4x10^48, or basically zero. Or phrased the opposite way, if you use a random number generator with a 64-bit state to shuffle a deck, then the vast majority of possible decks will never be output by your shuffling program. This seems like a very common way to dismiss complaints of sexism, whether those complaints are valid or invalid. Could someone explain why? I remember an similar complaint against a woman who said she was groped at a conference. What, is she expected to get a video of him groping her? There's a reason why so much sexism happens behind closed doors, off the record, or just in person when nobody else is nearby. These things need to be public because that is required before we can discuss them. We are not putting GitHub on trial here. Libel, not slander. You might feel differently if you ever had to do shadow mapping on traditional hardware. Even in AAA games, there are tons of artifacts in the shadows. Same goes for reflections. I don't see why it's harder for artists to control the results... can you elaborate? It seems like it's going to be 90% the same. You have a point on a surface, you have a camera vector and light vectors, you supply a small piece of code and out pops a color. The major differences in the pipeline are in the scaffolding: depth tests, reflections, and shadows will be done in different ways. The differences for artists are that they'll have to learn a system with different limitations. My guess is that game graphics are going to follow the developments in movie CGI. Pixar switched to ray tracing in 2013, and games will switch when hardware powers up and expertise filters down. Seems guilty of trying to do imperative programming in a relational database, then wondering why the performance is not good. Why use an array and not rows in a table? > I don't think that Apple will completely get away from x86 for a long time. Attempting to emulate the x86 on an Arm would be terribly slow. It's not you're emulating an entire operating system: the operating system (and many libraries) are native, but the application code is emulated. It's faster than you think, and Apple has already done it twice: once in 1994, and once in 2005 (exercise for the reader: try extrapolating). Apple's applications would be 100% native long before the ARM version shipped. Some intensive tasks—text rendering, audio/video/image encoding and decoding, HTML layout, JavaScript—these would also be native on third-party apps, since you just have to write the right glue into the emulator. This would be a lot easier than the 2005 switch from PowerPC to x86, which involved emulating a system with 4x as many GPRs and the opposite endian: ARM has 2x the GPRs as x86-64. Sure, a bunch of apps will see reduced performance. Some will break. But remember: Apple has only been on x86 for ten years. We had the same problems during the PowerPC->x86 transition: you had to wait about two years to get a version of Photoshop that ran on x86 + OS X. I'm willing to bet that Apple has been testing OS X on ARM for years now. There are two known unbreakable encryption schemes, the other one is Shamir's Secret Sharing. > Which in turn encourages people to abuse the operators... In practice, very few languages have suffered problems from operator overloading. I can't think of another language where this is a problem (other than C++), which makes me think it's a cultural/code style problem, rather than a problem with the language itself. C++ seems to encourage abuse because everyone learns its IO library, and its IO has an API design so horrible it should make you retch. By comparison, I'm not sure that adding more operators makes the resulting code any more palatable. Look at Haskell: libraries define their own operators, and the operators in Haskell have a steep learning curve. Can you tell me, without looking at a chart, whether $ or >>= has higher precedence, and what kind of associativity they have? I think you are describing a larger encryption scheme that uses SSS as a component. I am talking about SSS itself, which is unbreakable, from an information theoretic standpoint. You can use SSS to split the clear text among all participants, even if most people don't use it that way to construct larger systems. Those weren't custom operators in Haskell, they are part of the prelude. That's just a different architecture for a classical, non-quantum computer. (Keep in mind that analog computers came first, so this is a call back to the first half of the 20th century, albeit on a much larger scale.) No. The line of thinking is, "Well, if we had real numbers, we could compute uncomputable functions." No shit. Most real numbers are not computable. If you start with something not computable, you end up with something not computable. The big problem is that there is no way you will get more than several digits of precision on anything. The next problem is that there's zero evidence that anything in the universe is capable of encoding an arbitrary real number, even within a given bound. The last problem is that making a "real-number" machine capable of solving a problem that a Turing machine can't basically requires knowing the answer ahead of time and encoding it into the real-number machine as a constant. Unclear how you'd do that. The old PowerPC processors did this by flipping the low bits of memory addresses when in little-endian mode, but the data lanes had to be reversed to make this work. So back in the day, it only meant that you could use the same chip for a little-endian design but not the same motherboard. I don't think that's how newer POWER processors work, though. > Couldn't the decode unit be translated into software that converts legacy software on the fly? Not only is it possible, but it has been done. Look up the Transmeta Efficeon. Note that it's not RISC-like but VLIW (which I like to think of as "the next thing after RISC"). $10 for upload? Pricing is $0.050 per UPLOAD request plus $0.000 per byte. That means that your backup system made 200,000 UPLOAD requests. I don't think I have that many files which I want to back up, and I would hope that any system using Glacier as a back-end would bundle smaller files into larger archives. (Well, I guess it means that your request size averaged 1 MB. If I'm already using Glacier, I would be perfectly happy with archive granularity coarser than 1 MB.) Well, yes, that's a bad way to measure performance. But when I compile something, it's because I want feedback from the compiler and static analyzer about the program I just wrote. I have a half-dozen parts of the program in short-term memory which I want to consider when seeing the output or the program behavior. If it takes five minutes to compile code, then my short-term memory will be filled with something else by then, like the weather, chores I'm putting off at home, or whatever. So if you measure how long it takes for engineers/developers to get feedback, you're really measuring how good their tools are, which is a half-decent proxy for engineer performance. Instead of saying that thread safety is opt-in, I would say that thread safety (at least, avoiding data races) is mandatory in Rust and enforced by the type system... but you only pay for sharing if you need it. C++ has a "pay for what you need" mentality, but do to weak aliasing guarantees, you have to pay for atomic ops on `shared_ptr` whether you need them or not. Just like you have to pay for using `string` because two strings can't safely share data without runtime checks: either you pay for COW (which is less common these days) or you pay for copying. In Rust, the safety of string aliasing is enforced by lifetime analysis. Apparently, it is a feature where Windows detects that a video card is unresponsive and resets it. http://nvidia.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/3335/~/td... Don't forget "In Through the Out Door" (front and back), "Physical Graffiti", and "Presence". So, at least six panels have references to Led Zeppelin cover art. So what you do is you use the DRM API to negotiate a way to transfer a decryption key to a secure hardware module in the consumer's device. Having the source code to the Firefox component doesn't give you access to the firmware or keys stored in the module. (Yes, you can hack hardware. But it's way more expensive.) That won't work, you'll need to try harder. I have some insider knowledge of how these chips work. First, you get the chips with crypto keys already installed, so having a copy of the firmware source code won't help. Second, the keys are unique to the device, so getting it won't give you much. Third, the firmware is authenticated so modifying the firmware won't help. Fourth, the chip is designed to be resistant to physical attack. Throwing exceptions for everything isn't a catch-all solution for writing better software—take a look at the Ariane rocket failure, which was caused by bounded numeric types throwing exceptions aggressively. Some modern programming styles tend to avoid enthusiastic non-local returns anyway in favor of things like monadic composition, such as Maybe in Haskell (which is more like NaN than it is like an exception). The nice thing about NaN is that you can just do a calculation as normal, and check for NaN at the very end. This means you don't have to do an expensive test/branch after every arithmetic or other numeric operation. The hardware is much, much easier to design if you don't have to make it branch, and the code is much faster without the compiler inserting branches. People who work with floating point numbers every day care very deeply about performance. If you don't care as much about performance, why not write your code in a language that does throw exceptions? Python, for example. Those of us that do use numerics love NaN, love signed zeros, and can live with NaN ≠ NaN even though it's kind of dumb. But a particular chip will only have the keys for a small number of videos. When you buy a movie, you download that movie encrypted with a unique key, and the unique key is encrypted with your device key. So compromising one chip won't give you any kind of "master key" or anything especially valuable. The movie can be stored anywhere, when you need to play it you will pass the encrypted key to the device and the device will use it to decrypt, decode, and then send the movie directly to video output (possibly re-encrypted with something like HDCP, although that's a broken scheme). The chip will also not send high-definition output to VGA, so you will need to do better. Basically, you have to hack the hardware. I'd like to clarify that I'm not defending DRM, just that circumventing DRM is not as easy as people in this thread intimate. I think the reason why DRM will fail is because of economic pressures: the cost of deploying millions of devices designed to protect ubiquitous data against a small number of highly intelligent and motivated cryptography experts and hardware hackers. Hm, I have the opposite experience. Being able to ignore invalid data every once in a while trumps having a hundred hours of computation cut short by an unexpected exception bringing the whole thing down. Maybe the dollar's value will crash relative to the Yuan. If you make a bet like George Soros that the Yuan is going to rise in value, what would that bet look like? One of the problems with the bet is that you are betting in the opposite direction from Soros. China can just print more Yuan, and suddenly Yuan decrease in value. Add to this the ridiculous levels of pointless internal investments, seemingly done to inflate China's GDP. And finally, there are severe problems with Chinese equity markets that make it scary to bet on Yuan against USD. I think at some point in the future, China will stop having an export economy, because advances in manufacturing technology and automation will obviate the need for cheap labor. And at some other point, China will start investing sensibly in internal matters. I have no idea how to translate this into USD or CNY, but if I were in China, I would want the transition to happen gradually. A gradual transition avoids destroying the manufacturing sector overnight.