From what I've seen, casual (iPhone, Facebook) game companies are far more open to hiring general programming talent than the mainstream. (Which, IMO, can only be a good thing for the industry.) JavaScript will never support threads in the usual sense, as long as /be has his say: http://weblogs.mozillazine.org/roadmap/archives/2007/02/thre... So JS won't need fine-grained locking in the foreseeable future. Flusspferd ( http://flusspferd.org/ ) has GMP bindings, and there's no reason that node.js (for example) couldn't be hooked up to GMP as well. Facebook has some very interesting open source projects: http://github.com/facebook Particularly interesting to me is their static analysis tool for PHP written in OCaml. This is one of the main goals of Narcissus and Zaphod, actually, since it's much easier to hack Narcissus than SpiderMonkey. We're working on integrating Harmony proposals into Narcissus. That directory is out of date. (I'm not sure why it hasn't been removed yet.) The new project page is here: https://github.com/mozilla/narcissus We moved it to GitHub to make it easier for people to submit pull requests and the like. What in particular about the UX of the latest beta do you find slow? We should fix it. (1) Sync is now on asynchronous APIs as of the latest beta (or maybe the next one). You can disable Sync in the Preferences window, and you can choose to only sync bookmarks if you'd like. (2) Places (the bookmarks database) is now on asynchronous APIs, which means that, unless you're using esoteric features of bookmarks, they never block the UI thread. SQLite is also now in WAL mode. Smart folders are still slow as I understand it, and there's a plan to revamp and/or remove them. (3) Bookmarks and history have been treated the same way since Firefox 3 (Places). There is talk of revamping and/or removing Live Bookmarks as well. (4) Tab Groups is now secondary UI (the icon is gone by default). It is never loaded until you open it. (5) The status bar is no longer in the address bar. Do you have steps to reproduce the huge RAM consumption by any chance (which sites do you have open, which OS)? I'm very interested in solving these kinds of performance issues in the product. And for the record, I wish Paul Rouget hadn't posted this. IE9 is a great browser - they do some things better than us, even (text-overflow, SVG acceleration via D2D, out-of-process tabs), and we should recognize this. I agree. In fact, I gathered all the patches that have been floating around to do just that into a repo today: http://hg.mozilla.org/users/pwalton_mozilla.com/oop-tabs/ There is a lot (and by that I mean a lot - like, really basic stuff like focus) that doesn't work still, but the core of a multi-process Firefox is standing up already. If these issues still happen in Firefox 4, I would be very happy to debug them if you can reproduce. Rust :) Compiled, concurrent, and memory-safe, with no global GC. (Full disclosure: I work on Rust.) Sorta. There were actually three Skywriters: Bespin prototype (Thunderhead-based), Bespin Reboot (SproutCore/jQuery-based), and ACE. ACE postdates the rename from Bespin to Skywriter. They originated as three completely separate codebases, although there's been a fair amount of cross-pollination. ACE didn't begin as a Mozilla project, although it was finally chosen as the basis on which to build Skywriter the product (which will be used for the Firefox Add-ons Builder, in particular). A colleague of mine wrote a true coroutine library for JavaScript: https://github.com/dherman/jstask It depends on generators, so it works only in Firefox, but it's a cool hack nonetheless, and might be useful if you're developing Firefox addons. Yeah, I'm disappointed that our fix for the latter [1] didn't end up landing in time for Firefox 4. I'm hoping to release it as an add-on, and it has a very good chance of making it for the next release 3 months down the road. [1]: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=465086 Exactly. MySpace has shown that these kinds of moves can be fatal to a social network with low switching costs for users, even in the presence of network effects. Twitter's strength is not technology; from a technical standpoint, duplicating Twitter is trivial. Twitter's strength is its community, and they erode that at their own peril. Note that my colleague Dave Herman (on the TC39 committee; i.e. the JavaScript standards committee) is working on an official modules proposal for the next version of JavaScript, code-named Harmony. See here for examples: http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=strawman:simple_modul... Rust developer here. In Rust, the semicolon is the expression sequencing operator (like in ML), not a statement terminator. "a;b" means "evaluate a, throw away the result, and return the result of evaluating b". So the semicolon is more than just boilerplate. I guess we could do some sort of automatic semicolon insertion like JavaScript, but I'm not sure that the benefits outweigh the complexity. I think you could write a kernel in Rust (though you'd need to add unsafe pointers, direct calls, and possibly other stuff to the language), it's just not a goal of the project. There's no reason why I wouldn't accept patches to the language that would help in that effort as long as they didn't wildly conflict with the main goals of the project. Yeah, rustboot's pretty printer leaves something to be desired. We have a much better pretty printer in rustc (see src/comp/pretty/). Mozilla developer here - If you have steps to reproduce, I'd love to hear them and I'll get them forwarded to the proper people. That would indeed be a bug. Filed: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=647479 Breaking down memory usage by add-on is very difficult. Objects in Firefox's heap don't track the ownership of the module that created them. This should be fixed to some extent by out-of-process Jetpacks. As always, if you have steps to reproduce we would love to hear them. Startup time is still the #1 performance metric we optimize for. There is work underway to make the new extension system (Jetpack) load extensions out-of-process. This will make it easy to see how much memory each extension is using. Unfortunately, add-ons built using the traditional system will still be in-process. Most of them depend on being able to synchronously dive into the page or browser DOM and mess with it, which makes accounting hard. The 32-bit Windows graphics thing sounds like a bug. Setting max-concurrent-tabs in about:config to 0 may help. Those features are a lot of the reason for it, yes. As a cool example of what can be done with generators, check out my colleague Dave Herman's task.js library: https://github.com/dherman/taskjs That library gives you coroutine-style I/O on top of node.js primitives, which is, as far as I can tell, the #1 feature people have been asking for all along in Node. It only works if node.js implements coroutines (which Ryan has so far refused to do) or if the language implements generators (which you get with SpiderMonkey). Garbage collection isn't implemented; we're relying on reference counting for now. The self-hosted compiler has no cyclic data structures, so we're fine. Stack growth was implemented at one point, but we disabled it because the way it was implemented was a proof-of-concept hack (it just rewrote anything that looked like a pointer on the stack). I suspect we're going to switch to a more Go-like model, in which stack growth happens by calling through a stack-switching thunk. Too early to say - this is probably the one part of the language that has had the least design work - but I suspect they'll feel like Dylan's macros. That is, Lisp/Scheme-inspired, but tailored to a C-like syntax. I don't foresee many problems with adopting Dylan-like macros to the C syntax (they're both Algol-derived anyhow), but again this is all up in the air :) The C syntax is pretty much set. Switching at this state would do more harm than good, and we think that in the long term syntax is less important than semantics. I'm biased, of course, because I work on Rust full-time, but don't forget Rust: https://github.com/graydon/rust We recently reached self-hosting status, in which we compiled Rust with itself, and over the past few weeks we've been working on making the compiler much faster (over 7x in fact). This is, indeed, why Rust originally compiled only to shared libraries (that also worked as executables). We ended up distinguishing shared libraries from executables for performance and OS integration reasons, but shared libraries are still key to the design. This is a banal point. Yes, separate compilation hurts performance. But that's what link-time optimization is for. GCC and LLVM alike can both do link-time optimization. You might as well say "gcc with -O0 is slower than V8, therefore V8 is faster than gcc". Firefox does, if the calling web page is itself a local file and the XHR requests a file in the same directory as or in a subdirectory of that page. http://iq12.com/blog/as3-benchmark/ Is this what you wanted to post? This shows that the browsers' JS engines have been outrunning ActionScript for years now... I work on Rust, which is in a similar space to Go. IMHO this article is oversimplifying. (1) Recursive anonymous functions: This is the first time I've heard this criticism. MLs usually don't have this functionality either. It's not too much trouble to give the function a name. (2) Tail call optimization: TCO isn't free. It requires all callees to pop their arguments, which slightly penalizes every call in the program. Rust is planned to support full TCO, but the current compiler only does sibling call optimization (a subset of TCO). (3) Continuations (I assume call/cc is meant here): Again, these are expensive, because they interfere with the stack discipline. You end up having to garbage collect stack frames in the worst case. For this reason both Go and Rust have implemented exceptional control flow using stack unwinding and destructors. (For Go panic/defer/recover play the role of destructors, while for Rust we use a more traditional RAII system.) Callers have to readjust the stack after each call when TCO is enabled, but without TCO a function can allocate outgoing argument space for every function invocation up front and reuse that space for every call. I am a Mozilla dev. I certainly don't hold the attitude that there's something wrong with you if you don't like Firefox. Rather, I'm interested to hear about your bad user experience so that we can improve. Curiously enough, the JavaScript Y combinator is in the Firefox source and has been since at least 2007: http://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/file/fc78ee766770/js/s... "I have trouble with this assertion: as far as I can tell, nothing would stop a language (especially a statically typed one) from optimizing a tuple return/unpack into a cheaper parallel assignment, and still provide a full-blown tuple type. I might be wrong, but is tuples unpacking not a strict superset of Go/Lua's restricted multiple return values?" Well, it depends on how you implement polymorphic code, but generally yes. This is why we use tuples instead of multiple return values in Rust. In fact, if you return a struct by value in LLVM, LLVM will allocate a virtual register for each element. Rust isn't intended to be run by Web content. It's designed to be a systems language. In that regard it's more comparable to Go. I just used Keynote's export feature. I'll upload to slideshare. Slideshare here for those having trouble with the Dropbox-hosted version: http://www.slideshare.net/pcwalton/rust-all-hands-winter-201... Check out the macro tests in this directory: https://github.com/graydon/rust/tree/master/src/test/run-pas... Here you go: http://dl.dropbox.com/u/4186469/rust-all-hands-w2011.pdf Rust has an unsafe sublanguage you'll probably be interested in. That said, writing kernels is explicitly not a goal of Rust. It may well work great with a custom bare-metal runtime, but we aren't letting the needs of OS kernels constrain our design space at this time. Garbage collection in Rust is thread-local. We never need concurrent GC; this invariant is enforced by the type system. Leaking cycles is not really an option, sorry. At the very least we're going to have a cycle collector. It's too easy to make cycles, especially when you have closures (all you need is to close over an object that contains a pointer to the closure itself; this is very common for e.g. event handlers). Besides, a lot of the problems you state can be addressed with generational or incremental garbage collection. "From the third slide: we can see two different function definition syntaxes, a 'normal' style and a 'ruby' style. I really like the way of JavaScript, CoffeeScript and OCaml that have a single unified function syntax." Functions declared at top-level with the |fn| keyword can be mutually recursive and don't close over anything by default. Blocks, however, are unique in that they can close over stack variables (we statically ensure that they can't escape) and can't be mutually recursive. At the moment, blocks can only appear in function argument position. So, although both |fn| functions and blocks are functions in some sense, they have different enough semantics that we felt that different syntax helped to convey the distinction. "Also on this slide: why have a special syntax for importing submodules from modules/crates? Again, CoffeeScript excels here, an import is simply a variable declaration:" Well, in CoffeeScript, imports are actually statements that are evaluated at runtime. In Rust, they're compile-time constructs. Furthermore, using a separate syntax gives us more power — you can say |import *|, you can say things like |import std::{hashmap::map, vec}|, etc. "Furthermore, it has always bothered me why generic types use <> brackets. I can understand it in Java and C# (where types are declared before values/functions), but in Rust, it's really unnecessary to introduce the 4th type of brackets into the language (apparently, they used [], but latter changed it to <>... I would really like to know why.)" Because you can use generic type instantiation in value position as well (e.g. none:: ), and [] was preventing us from using [] for array indexing (previously, you wrote v.(0) for v[0]). I also thought it'd be more familiar for C++, C#, and Java programmers. Failure only brings down the current task, not the process. Stack allocation for call frames is a very important feature of Rust. SML/NJ does heap allocation for all frames and its performance suffers as a result (they have to invest very heavily in a good generational garbage collector, because the nursery fills up very quickly with stack frames). Graydon decided early on that in order to be competitive with C++ we would need first-class stack allocation, and I agree. See my comment above for the stuff issue. As for std::stuff, in earlier versions we wrote std.stuff, but it actually hurt readability (not to mention complicated typechecking), since '.' is also used for record field projection and object method invocation. In the MLs it's not so bad because module names have to begin with a capital letter, but we tried to avoid making case significant. You'd be surprised how much overhead our reference counting has. 10% of the time of rustc, last I measured, was spent adjusting reference counts. It does indeed work that way in Rust. It's also intended that the GC be able to yield in the green thread sense as well, so it doesn't even lock up a core. "But the fact that Firefox makes all add-ons incompatible by default without any modifications from the developer, is also unacceptable." This is not true for addons hosted on addons.mozilla.org. Addons that are hosted on that site get their versions bumped automatically without any modifications from the developer. "And do we really need that small search box in the right? I think it clutters the bar." It can be removed. It was on a MacBook Pro. We tried it on a MacBook Air too and it performed reasonably well. Note that we're planning to make LLVM a git submodule, and most of the strange LLVM configure flags will go away with the x86-64 port (which is due to land Real Soon Now). So this will become significantly easier. The CSS version is under development: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=583041 If I understand what you mean, that's working in nightlies. For now, that is true. However, NaCl is moving to the Pepper API, which is a proprietary Chrome API for plugins. I mean the dictionary definition of "proprietary": controlled by a single proprietor, in this case Google. Google proposed the Pepper API on the plugin-futures mailing list a year or two ago, but Mozilla and Apple believed that it was unnecessary to maintain a parallel Pepper API for plugins to use when Web APIs were already there (and could be improved where they were not sufficient). Google implemented and pushed Pepper anyway. Thus, proprietary. Likewise, Google is not open to input regarding the direction of NaCl, or whether it is a good idea for the Web. It is also proprietary. Whether proprietary-but-open-source technologies are good for the Web is a separate discussion -- clearly, Mozilla and Google disagree. But it's unarguable that NaCl and Pepper are proprietary technologies. Besides the event flooding mentioned previously, the built-in Android GestureDetectors leave something to be desired. In the revamped Firefox Mobile that's under development we're noticing all sorts of bugs (e.g. http://bugzil.la/706684 ) that are related to gesture detectors malfunctioning, and we already reinvented the kinetic panning gesture detector because we were unhappy with the responsiveness of the built-in one (it does too much rounding). The next time you see that, please open about:memory and paste the contents into a bug. Or you can even email me directly (pcwalton at mozilla dot com) and I will forward it to the relevant people. We are serious about cutting down Firefox's memory usage. It works, but the native widgets aren't getting retained layers, so it's really slow. I filed a bug: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=713532 Unit testing is a first-class citizen in Rust. You can annotate functions with #[test] and they become unit tests. You can then run tests with the built-in test harness on a module-by-module basis. Profiling and instrumentation are possible using the standard tools (xperf, Instruments/DTrace, perf/oprofile). Rust works just fine with those. Not sure what you mean by "round-trip back and forth between compiled code and commented parse trees", but Rust contains a pretty-printer which preserves comments. You're correct regarding (3) -- that's the main reason unique pointers were added to Rust in the first place. We call the heap of unique pointers the "exchange heap" for this reason. Restaurant sites. For Mobile Firefox our main test case for Flash is dairyqueen.com. Having to completely rewrite Firefox for no gain, which would basically destroy Firefox. See Matt Brubeck's answer here: http://www.quora.com/Mozilla-Firefox/Will-Firefox-ever-drop-... Besides, Gecko is ahead of WebKit in several ways (MathML, Direct2D, etc.); there's no compelling reason to switch. The remarkable thing about Firefox is not how much it compromised on implementing IE-specific features, but rather how much market share it gained in spite of the fact that it didn't compromise on implementing IE-specific features. To name a few off the top of my head: ActiveX, filter:progid:DXImageTransform, CSS "zoom" property, insertAdjacentElement(), etc. I work on Firefox Mobile. What in particular made you feel that Aurora was less smooth than Chrome? Thanks, that's very helpful feedback. Indeed the slow rendering/blank content problem is our top priority right now. We're working around the clock to improve its performance, switching from the Java stuff that's on Nightly right now to the same backend used to render OpenGL-accelerated content on desktop. Apparently I'm doing a good enough job of hiding my bias that you thought I was advocating the opposite of what my opinion is. :) (Full disclosure: I work at Mozilla.) Joe Hewitt's counterargument was that there would be less divergence in that case than the situation today. "Maybe someone working at a browser vendor can reply to this comment and explain to us why any one company is trusted to make a decision like that for the entire Internet?" I don't work on security (although I do work at Mozilla), but I'm sure it's basically this: SSL/TLS PKI is the system we have, and if Firefox stops working with people's banks because a widely-used CA was distrusted, users will switch browsers. Once they switch browsers, the security benefits of distrusting the CA are lost. Instead, Mozilla has to work with the CAs. As you say, we're between a rock and a hard place. The best we can do is a message like this: http://groups.google.com/group/mozilla.dev.security.policy/b... Which not only requires action on the part of all CAs to prove that this cannot happen again, but also clearly explains that abuses in the future can and will result in distrusting of the CA. This is something we talk about all the time here at Mozilla Research. Languages do not become popular primarily because of technical innovation; they become popular because they were in the right place at the right time. (You might draw an analogy to startups here.) Often the designers of the popular languages didn't have much of a background in programming languages research, so they didn't break new ground. (That's not to say that the current languages aren't good , though. On the contrary, Python, Ruby, Perl, etc. are all awesome languages! They just weren't particularly innovative from a PL design standpoint.) Given that, what is the place for PL research in industry? There are two main ways that we can see for PL research to make a practical difference: (1) Apply PL research to new features of existing popular languages, and push for those features to be standardized if they're successful. This is what we're doing with JavaScript with, for example, the PJs project (parallel extensions for JavaScript). It's always trickier to fit new research into paradigms of existing languages, but if it can be done it's very rewarding. This has been done with e.g. Java in the past; generics and the flow-sensitive initialization checking were an example of this. (2) Create new languages designed for a specific, concrete high-value project. This is what we're doing with Rust -- Mozilla is investing in Rust specifically to be the language that we write a new parallel layout engine in. This constraint helps us focus on keeping the language usable, practical, and feature-rich. Features like the uniqueness typing and (in the future) bounded task lifetimes that allow us to avoid concurrent GC are driven by the pain points that we struggle with in Gecko. What does about:memory say? For my entry for the original JS1K contest, I wrote my crusher by hand. It was a great learning experience as to how compression (in my case, LZ77) really works. I agree that it's less interesting now that everyone uses the same off-the-shelf crusher, but for me figuring out how to crush the source was half the fun. What in particular do you not like about the syntax of Rust? We're still designing the language and we are very much open to suggestions. We're working on improvements to the language (namely, regions and dynamic arenas) to make it possible to not use the reference-counted pointer type at all if you don't want it, while retaining the type safety. Regions have their own set of costs, as we're finding out (mostly due to the annotation burden if you start doing complicated stuff), but I think we'll be in a nice sweet spot. Rust gives you three basic options: (1) Regions, when you want safe, low-overhead allocation. The downside is a more complex type system. (Usually you don't see the complexity unless you're returning pointers that contain references to the stack, at which point you have to convince the typechecker that you aren't creating dangling pointers by doing so.) (2) Safe, garbage collected heap allocation. This gives you maximum flexibility at the cost of runtime overhead. (3) Unsafe pointers. This lets you manage your memory manually, like C++. Of course, this is unsafe. Also, I suspect we're going to add fixed-length vectors; we've been discussing this quite a bit lately and I think there's general consensus that they should be present in the language in some form. So we basically use the runtime for three things: (a) the task system, which features lightweight threads like Go or Erlang; (b) stack checks and growth; (c) garbage collection. We used to use it for more, but lately more and more stuff has been moved out of the runtime to be written in Rust itself. I'd like to see a "runtime-less Rust" myself, because it'd be great if we could implement the Rust runtime in Rust. This might be useful for other things too, such as drivers or libraries to be embedded into other software. (The latter is obviously of interest to us at Mozilla.) Rust programs compiled in this mode would disable the task system, would be vulnerable to stack overflow (although we might be able to mitigate that with guard pages), and would require extra work to avoid leaks, but would be able to run without a runtime. If anyone is interested in this project, I'd be happy to talk more about it -- we have a ton of stuff on our plate at the moment, so we aren't working on it right now, but I'd be thrilled if anyone was interested and could help. It's interesting to compare the issues that Shapiro found with the issues that we found during the development of Rust. It turns out that we ran into many of the same issues. Since Go is being mentioned here too, I'll compare the way Go dealt with the issues as well. (0) Objects and inheritance: Rust had support for objects (via prototype-based inheritance) in the first version of the compiler, but we found that they weren't being used. We attempted to be as minimalist and simple as possible regarding objects, and as a result we ended up with a system that didn't have enough features to be useful. It also didn't fit well with the rest of the language, so we scrapped it and added typeclasses instead. Those worked a lot better, and now most of our standard library is using typeclasses for OO-like patterns. Recently, we've found that we really do want objects, but mostly as a way to achieve code reuse, privacy, and a more direct association between a type and its method than typeclasses alone provide. The current system that is being implemented is a nice way, in my opinion, to unify typeclasses and object-oriented programming. There are just a few concepts to learn, and it all meshes together quite nicely. Go's interface system is quite similar to Rust's typeclass system. The main things that Rust has that Go doesn't are first-class constructors, the trait system (not yet implemented) to facilitate method reuse, and the ability to define multiple implementations of an interface per type. The things that Go has that Rust doesn't are duck typing (which is a quite good idea, and I'd like to add it to Rust as well) and downcasting (which we don't want to support because we have more type-safe mechanisms for the same thing). (1) The compilation model: Rust uses dynamic linking pervasively, because OS's have good support for it and it helps keeps binaries small. It also has strong support for separate compilation, because we want to make compile times fast. So far, so good, but, just like BitC did, we discovered that type abstraction (which you use generics in Rust to achieve) doesn't mix well with separate compilation. We didn't want to have a uniform value representation like the MLs do (supporting only 31-bit ints and boxing everything else doesn't fly in a systems language), so we tried to use dynamic size calculations for all of the values. It resulted in a huge amount of complexity (we never shook out all the bugs), and it also had a large runtime performance penalty. Unlike C#, we couldn't fall back on a JIT, because Rust is an ahead-of-time-compiled language. So we moved to a "monomorphization" scheme for Rust 0.2, which is basically like C++ template instantiation, only without the overhead of reparsing all the code from scratch. Even with this scheme, you only pay for monomorphization when you use generics, you can still dynamically link all non-generic code (which is most of it), and your runtime performance is unaffected by your use of generics. Go, of course, doesn't have generics. I don't personally believe that buys them much though; the programmer ends up working around it in a way that either involves boxing (via interface{}) or by-hand monomorphization (by duplicating the code for each type). To me, generics are just a way for the compiler to do work the programmer would end up having to do anyway. (2) Insufficiency of the type system regarding reference and by-reference types. It's spooky to read this, because it's precisely the problem we ran into with Rust. At the moment we have by-value and by-reference modes for parameters, and we've found that this isn't sufficiently expressive. (We also tried making the only difference between by-value and by-immutable-reference internal to the compiler, which didn't work well due to higher-order functions and interoperability with C code.) We also found that parameters really aren't the only place you want by-reference types; you really want to be able to return references and place them within other data structures. Whenever we wanted to do this, we had to fall back onto heap allocation, and that was significantly hurting our performance, especially when unique types were involved (since aliasing a unique type is impossible, you have to copy it). Profiling Rust programs showed an alarming amount of time spent in malloc and free. So we're in the process of bringing up a new regions system that I'm excited about: it's too early to say for sure, but I think we've stumbled upon a way to make regions not require a doctorate in type theory to understand. Regions allow you to have safe pointers into the stack and into the heap and pass them around as first-class values. Go doesn't have zero-cost reference types at all; it just does simple escape analysis to allocate structures on the stack when it can and falls back on tracing GC for the rest (note that this is what Java does nowadays too). This is one of the most significant differences between Go and Rust; Go's memory model is essentially identical to that of Java, plus the ability to allocate structures inside other structures, while Rust has a much more C++-like memory model (but safe, unlike C++). This decision is based on our experience with Firefox; fine-grained control over memory use is so important that we didn't want to place our bets on pervasive use of GC. (3) Inheritance and encapsulation: Rust still has no concept of inheritance; it's our hope that a combination of enums (datatypes like in Haskell or case classes from Scala) and traits will allow us to avoid introducing the complexity of inheritance into the language. Time will tell, of course. As for encapsulation, we thought we didn't need it, but it turns out that we really did want private fields. This we're solving with the class system, mentioned above. Go achieves inheritance through anonymous fields. Anonymous fields are multiple inheritance in all but name, complete with the "dreaded diamond" problems of C++. We were hoping to avoid that. Go has standard privacy through "unexported fields". (4) Instance coherence. Since you can define multiple typeclass implementations for a given type, and the caller chooses which implementation to use, you have to make sure in many contexts (for example, the hash method of a hash table) that the same implementation gets used for the same data. That's one of the reasons we introduced classes -- they tie implementations of methods to a type. Go doesn't have this problem, because it only permits one implementation of an interface for each type, and it has to be defined in the same module as the type. Basically, Go's interfaces are much like our classes in that regard. We wanted to allow people to add extra methods to types -- for example, to add extension methods on vectors (think what Rails does to the Ruby standard library, but in a way that doesn't involve monkey patching) -- so we didn't want to force this restriction on users. I think that one of the most important things to underscore is that we would have never found these things so early unless we had written the Rust compiler in Rust itself. It forces us to use the language constantly, and we quickly find pain points. I highly encourage all languages to do the same; it's a great way to find and shake out design issues early. Yes, you're correct, you can have more than one anonymous field. Apologies, my mistake -- I updated the post. The resolution rules seem hairy, though; with Rust traits you can rename methods to avoid conflicts (just as in the seminal papers on traits). I suppose they aren't that hairy if you introduce type-specific namespacing like C++ does; i.e. allowing method names to be qualified with the name of the class or trait they belong to to resolve conflicts (A::X and B::X). Renaming seems like a way to avoid having to create an extra delegation function in case you want to delegate to one or the other, though. It's important to keep in mind that traits aren't the same as inheritance, though. Traits combine methods and fields into one final class instance (they're like mixins), while anonymous fields are more like C++ inheritance: there's actually an instance of each superclass embedded inside each subclass. This starts to matter especially when you have diamond patterns (A derives B and C, B and C derive D). When you have an instance of D and are calling methods of A on it, does each method of B's embedded A clash with that of C's embedded A in Go? Traits are actually about code reuse, not about polymorphism. Indeed, in the original traits literature (and in Rust), traits are not types at all. You use interfaces in Rust for that, just as you do in Go (they work very similarly). Think of traits as little pieces you can glue together to make a class. Sure. Regarding concurrency, we're trying to eliminate data races by avoiding shared mutable state. Right now, our unique pointers attack the "shared" part of that -- since data in the exchange heap is localized to a single task, you don't have data races, regardless of mutability. So mutable structures aren't a concern there. There is the concern that unique pointers are too limited to do a lot of the kind of tasks you want to do in a parallel way, and that's where the experiments we want to do with the "patient parent" model come in -- you can see my colleague Niko's blog here [1] for info on that. That approach allows shared immutable data. Verification has never been a goal of ours, except for the kinds of invariants you can address relatively simply in a type system. Dependent types are cool, but at the moment they're so complicated as to place the language out of reach of most programmers. We have more interest in making dynamic checks (assertions, design-by-contract) easy to use. [1]: http://smallcultfollowing.com/babysteps/ In the design of Rust, as a rule of thumb, we've always tried to make the simplest code also the fastest code, to minimize performance footguns. (Writing the Rust compiler in Rust and constantly running it through Instruments.app helps to keep us honest.) Graydon has been adamant that Rust must provide the ability to avoid tracing GC if the programmer wants. I was at first skeptical, but now I'm fully on board. For things like browsers, control over memory management is crucial. Rust actually doesn't have tracing GC; it instead uses reference counting and cycle collection. The major things that have stopped us from tracing GC so far are LLVM issues; I'm working on those now and we'd like to introduce optional tracing GC soon. My personal thinking is that the standard libraries should avoid the GC and use regions, reference counting should be achievable through a "smart pointer" type in the standard library, and GC should be provided if the programmer wants it. Simplicity is definitely a goal. These days, not a day goes by on the Rust team in which we don't discuss ways to simplify the language. My colleague Dave Herman always says that language design goes through cycles: You identify a problem, add solutions to fix it, then discover that these solutions are best merged with some other ideas. The result is that, as a language evolves, complexity goes up and down. I think that we're coming off a peak of complexity and the language is going to evolve toward simplicity in the near term. Just to name a few simple examples, removing the alias analysis pass and removing "native modules" are some simplifications that mostly have consensus at this point. Note that we don't forbid shared mutable state entirely (we don't forbid anything really, as we have an unsafe sublanguage that allows all the pointer tricks that you can do in C++), but we want to contain data races. Basically, as the FAQ says, "you can break the rules, if explicit about where and how". We've learned that, especially when it comes to concurrency, there really is no one model that supports everything you might want to do. Instead, the idea is to support safe, data-race-free language constructs, and to make those the easiest ones to use. Data races (and memory unsafety) are clearly marked in "unsafe" blocks, with the idea that if you find a concurrency bug in your software, you can grep for that keyword and go over those blocks only, instead of having to crawl through the entire codebase. The same principle applies to null. You can get nullable pointers (use option ), but you have to declare that that's what you want. You also have to declare some strategy for handling the null case every time you use the pointer, or at least communicate your intent to fail on null via the .get() method. The vast majority of pointers in any program aren't nullable, so in practice we've found that this eliminates a lot of bugs. We'll never be as fast as Go in compile speed: just to name a few issues, we do flow analysis (so we check whether your variables are initialized before you use them), our typechecking proceeds by unification (so you can say stuff like [] and the typechecker will figure out what the type of that empty vector is), and we have an extra IR-generating step (so we can take advantage of LLVM optimizations). It's a question of different goals; one of Go's primary goals was to compile quickly (which is a fine goal!), which isn't one of the goals of Rust (although we definitely want to compile fast, of course, and we have continuous integration benchmarks to that effect). Graydon's personal preference, and to make C++ programmers feel at home. I personally prefer whitespace-based syntax, but I'm not a die-hard either way. When designing a language, you pretty much have to pick one and disappoint somebody. What don't you like about the syntax? In Rust we use the system libc with segmented stacks, and we call C code by switching stacks. (This has been observed to get us into trouble with the indirect branch predictor, unfortunately, but we plan on addressing that by duplicating the stack switching stub for each C function.) Go is similar (I looked at its code when implementing some of this stuff). So it's not true that having segmented stacks undermines Go's ability to interact with C code. Note that another cool thing we can do is to statically link clang-compiled C code with Rust code and LLVM can inline your small C functions directly into your Rust functions and save you the stack switch -- this is one of the coolest things we can do with LLVM, IMHO. You'd have to insert a call to "malloc" to get the GC to run, but yes, it can break in that situation. (The classic example is an XOR-packed linked list being corrupted by the Boehm GC.) But note that isn't really fair to conservative GC, as no GC, precise or not, can cope with hidden pointers like that. So your example isn't really a strike against Go. Almost — C# has a cool feature whereby you can do pointer arithmetic if you pin the objects in question first, so the GC won't collect or move them. (The language statically enforces this by forbidding you from taking the address of a value until you pin it.) In Rust we're working on a solution for this problem. Essentially, the plan is to have RTTI on garbage-collected data (this is already completed and is used in the cycle collector) and precise stack information for every root on the stack. The latter is in a fork of LLVM: https://github.com/pcwalton/llvm But aside from the shameless plug, C# and D (I believe), have had precise garbage collectors for quite a while now, and they have similar memory management to Go. It's well-known how to implement it (but that doesn't make it any less hard — I can totally understand why Google opted for conservative GC in the first version). I'm sure they do. There are a few things to note here: (1) In order for malloc to work, you need a header anyway (at least, unless your allocation fits in one of the fixed-size bins). (2) You can get around the header to some extent by sorting the fields of your objects so that pointers come first, and then all you need to do is to store the number of pointers (or a sentinel value). This is what Haskell does. Of course, this prevents low-level control over data representation. (3) You can tag (or NaN box) all your values. This is what most MLs do, as well as JS, many Lisps, etc. (4) You can use a map on the side from pointer to type info to avoid a header. This is what Rust in its early days did. It's worse than a header for memory consumption though, so it doesn't really buy much. Actually, the code sample in the grandparent comment obfuscates the memory address by subtracting 1. Even a conservative GC will be confused in this case... Yeah, I hate 31-bit integers too. It's not the only tagging scheme though; I prefer NaN boxing (used in SpiderMonkey among others). NaN boxing allows unboxed doubles and 32-bit ints, at the cost of increased register pressure and memory usage on 32-bit systems. A nit: "Subclasses cannot override private methods. Subclass overrides of public methods can’t even see, let alone call, the superclass’s private methods. Problematic for, say, test mocks." IMHO you don't want private methods to be visible in subclasses, because this makes the fragile base class problem worse. If I'm a framework developer working on a UI library, I should be free to add private methods to my Button class for the second version of my library without worrying that they'll influence the behavior of a FooButton that some app wrote that's derived from the class in the first version of my library. The problem, of course, is testing. You want to be able to cleanly substitute mock objects for unit tests, without having to make everything depend on an interface or to use protected everywhere. It'd be nice if languages had more unit testing facilities built in. Microsoft Fakes is an interesting approach here. That's a good way of putting it (although perhaps "everything" is too strong a word -- we don't want to build every paradigm imaginable into the language). When in doubt regarding features, I tend to ask myself "would a next-generation browser engine need this language feature to be more secure/more maintainable/faster than current browsers?" (That's not to say that we're building the language only for a browser engine, but I think it's useful to have a target use case in mind when designing a language.) Compilation speed is not as fast as we would like yet. A lot of that is simply due to generating too much code, which largely is an artifact of the way we implement unwinding. We're working on redoing that to improve code size and reduce compilation times. The monomorphization pass (which is the analogue to template expansion in C++) is pretty fast, because we operate on largely precompiled, serialized ASTs instead of reparsing and typechecking everything from scratch. (Also, we only bother to deserialize the functions you actually use.) You can draw the boundaries between compilation units however you'd like. If you want incremental compilation, use many crates; if you want easier dependency management, use fewer crates. By default, crates are loaded dynamically at runtime, but you can statically link crates together and inline across crates for production. The Rust compiler tracks breaking API changes and updates your crate UUID automatically. You can change private APIs and dynamically linked code as you'd like without causing dependent crates to be recompiled, but changing an inlined template function will cause your crate UUID to change, which triggers recompilation of dependent crates. The UUID is essentially just a large hash value derived from the signatures of all the public items in your crate. At the moment, this is unimplemented, but it's intended that you be able to change the bodies of non-inlined generic functions without causing recompilation of your callers. This works because a non-inlined generic function can only be called with pointer types, which means we can generate one piece of code for the generic function and use that. Inlined generics can be called with any value and the code is duplicated for each value you called it with, so changing the body of one of those does trigger recompilation of dependent crates. The part that's new (as far as we know anyway) is the unification of typeclasses with OO (bounded polymorphism; e.g. fn foo (x : T)). Mixins and traits are definitely not new. As I've said earlier, we talk about how to minimize language complexity nearly every day. I would be thrilled if we could remove enough features to make Rust's spec as short as Go's. That said, I think Rust is going to be somewhat more complex than Go because our needs are different (particularly around safety and memory management). If you do see ways to simplify the language, we'd like to hear about them. It would. (In fact, you might be able to do this today with runtime.SetFinalizer.) You do have to be careful to avoid bringing back the objects that your finalizer references from the grave. If you do that in Go and create cycles, it leaks (which isn't unique to Go, many other languages do this). You need a sophisticated GC (like Java's) or a type system that's aware of the heap/stack distinction of objects (like Rust's) to mitigate that. Note that where you mean Python you pretty much mean this optimized C implementation: https://bitbucket.org/cmoyer/python-twitter/src/5bba928d8c12... I don't agree that surface syntax doesn't matter unless it affects language functionality. Syntax is UI for programming languages, and UI for programming languages matters as surely as UI for other software matters. Fortunes have been won and lost on UI. To me, the problem is that there is no answer to programming language syntax that pleases everybody. There are general aesthetic principles to follow, but the fundamental questions - semicolons vs. newlines, indentation vs. braces, short vs. long keywords - generate a lot more heat than light. We have to pick one and disappoint somebody. Note that even in this thread, there is disagreement about whether JavaScript is too terse or too verbose! I'm personally sad to see what happened to picplz; they were the main option around for Android at the time and I always preferred their low-key feel to the more showy feel of Instagram. Competition is a good thing. Yes, modern garbage collectors usually allocate objects into bins, which don't have headers since the objects are of fixed size. Well, the problem is that doing explicit memory management in a language that's built around GC is usually far less convenient than doing explicit memory management in a language that isn't (like C++). For example, in C++ you can use templates and placement new to write generic free lists that get specialized to the type of object in use at compile time, and they still allow you to use the regular old "new" syntax for calling the constructor. By contrast, you can write free lists in Java/C#/Python/Ruby/JS/etc, but you won't get that nice "new" syntax. (Not to mention that you don't get the same control over memory layout that you do in C++.) Explicit memory management in GC'd languages is also less predictable: Java can allocate objects on the stack via escape analysis, but if the object is determined to escape then it gets silently demoted to the heap instead. In performance-critical code, this silent demotion can lead to a hard-to-find bug. To me, the obvious solution is to build constructs into our GC'd language that nevertheless make explicit memory management predictable and convenient when the programmer wants to use it. A requirement for predictability is that whether an object is garbage collected needs to somehow be encoded into the type of that object (either via a static type or via a dynamic type). This is the philosophy we're following in Rust, and it's also the philosophy some of my colleagues are working on for JavaScript (via the Binary Data API). For one thing, last I looked, Chrome Beta requires the GL_OES_egl_image extension for off-thread texture upload, and had support for the ICS-only SurfaceTexture (although judging by the WebKit source that's ifdef'd out). GL_OES_egl_image support is very spotty on pre-ICS devices. I'm not sure that the fact that something has been thoroughly A/B tested makes it indefensible. It is possible that overuse of A/B testing results in a local maximum, with sweeping changes needed to reach the global maximum. Sadly, the pervasiveness of JavaScript means that UTF-16 interoperability will be needed as least as long as the Web is alive. JavaScript strings are fundamentally UTF-16. This is why we've tentatively decided to go with UTF-16 in Servo (the experimental browser engine) -- converting to UTF-8 every time text needed to go through the layout engine would kill us in benchmarks. For new APIs in which legacy interoperability isn't needed, I completely approve of this document. Well, we're talking about DOM manipulation performance here. Pages that use DOM manipulation heavily will see a potentially-unacceptable performance loss if text always has to be converted to UTF-8. Is fast DOM manipulation important? Given that the only way for the sole scripting language on the Web to display anything or interact with the user is through DOM manipulation, I think it's worth optimizing every cycle... I think you misunderstand -- I'm referring to the actual systems-level implementation of the browser engine itself. I'm not talking about the implementation of web apps. Consider a pattern like this: A page calls document.createElement(), adds a large text node (say, the collected works of Shakespeare in text form) to it, calls window.getComputedStyle() on that element, then throws the element away. This series of DOM manipulations must go through the layout engine. If the layout engine knows only UTF-8, then the layout engine has to convert the collected works of William Shakespeare from UTF-16 to UTF-8 for no reason (as it needs an up-to-date DOM to perform CSS selector matching for the getComputedStyle() call). There is no reason to do that when it could just use UTF-16 instead and save itself the trouble. See my comment above; I can construct cases that make this sort of conversion have unacceptable overhead. Would it matter in a real-world setting? I can't say for sure, because nobody I know of has tried making a production-quality UTF-8 web layout engine. But, in my mind, none of the benefits of UTF-8 (memory usage being the main one in a browser [1]) outweigh the performance risks of doing conversion. And the risk is real. [1]: Note that you still need UTF-16 anyway, for interoperability with JavaScript. So using UTF-8 might even lead to worse memory usage, due to the necessity of duplicating strings, than a careful UTF-16-everywhere scheme that takes advantage of string buffer sharing between the JS heap and the layout engine heap would. Native Client is only enabled for the Chrome Web Store at the moment. But you could use Emscripten. No, it's not. Go handles errors via exceptions (which Go calls panic and recover) and return codes (and "defer" is just "finally"). In other words, Go has a mix of C-style and Java-style error handling; it doesn't have any more features than either of them. (This is of course totally fine; Java's exception system is not a bad exception system.) What the post is asking for is more like Common Lisp's condition system. There are several inaccuracies here regarding Rust, unfortunately: "Boxes, which can be owned by only one owner, contain the data." We usually use "box" to mean "task-local data", which can't move. (Some of us are trying to drift away from the "box" terminology altogether, since it's potentially confusing -- "GC data" or "task-local data" is easier.) Generally we use the term "uniquely-owned data" for data that's intended to move from task to task. "This is conceptually similar to mutexes, but with an orderly transfer of control and no option for waiting for a box." The comparison to mutexes is puzzling; mutexes are for protecting access to shared data, while unique pointers are for transfer of ownership of data with a single owner. In any case, you can wait for uniquely-owned data to arrive on a channel; just use the blocking receive function. "Right now, it appears to be the product of a single individual." This is simply untrue. We have about a half-dozen core Rust developers in Research and several community contributors. Most of us have other responsibilities, but Rust is one of the top priorities of the research team as a group. The commit logs [1] reflect this. [1]: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/commits/master Note that Apple is abandoning garbage collection for Objective-C. Additionally, GC is not strictly necessary to solve buffer overruns and dangling pointers. Region-based memory management is an alternative for many use cases. Check out the binarytrees benchmark for an example of the placement new syntax: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/blob/master/src/test/bench/s... Are you using Readability? There was a recent change made to fix massive shutdown hangs when using that addon (or others that use FUEL): https://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/rev/139e8e845aa5 Parametric polymorphism (i.e. generics) is not an object-oriented concept. I suspect it's likely that apps that wish to use an alternative rendering engine for untrusted content would use IE only for trusted content. Neat, I didn't know Fortran did printf right. OCaml and Rust both have compile-time format string checking and code generation as well. Managing JS stack frames using the GC would be very bad for performance. You almost never need to do that unless your language has something like Scheme's call/cc. You may need to promote closed-over variables to the heap, but you don't need to migrate the entire stack frame there. Dart's optional typing is not common in languages at all. What you're referring to is a combination of dynamic and static typing, which is not Dart-style optional typing. In statically-typed languages, the dynamically-typed values are clearly delimited in the source text and are not a compiler switch. I'm skeptical. Incremental cycle collection is quite hard, and you lose the benefits of cycle collection (only tracing suspected-dead objects) when you move to tracing garbage collection as a backup for reference counting. For mobile I would just use an incremental garbage collector with heavy usage of stack allocation and interior objects. Or use a reference-counted system and disable the GC entirely (leaking cycles). Rust typeclasses solve this problem; you can create a suite of methods with syntax like this: impl methods for [T] { fn filter(f : fn(T)->bool) -> [T] { ... } fn map (f : fn(T)->U) -> [U] { ... } } And then you can call it with syntax like: println(#fmt("%?", [ 1, 2, 3 ].map { |x| x + 3 })); // prints "[ 4, 5, 6 ]" The methods are properly scoped, so code that isn't in your module needs to import your methods to use them. That way, you avoid introducing strange action-at-a-distance in your code. Except for the memory corruption part. When reading that, I'm more aghast that we're still dealing with these basic bugs like "out of bounds array write leads to ROP chain that executes arbitrary code in the process". That just makes me feel even more that huge million-line codebases of C++, even well-engineered code like Chrome, cannot be trusted, because of the fundamental flaws in the C++ memory model for code that must be secure. Not allowing user-defined data structures to have the same syntactic support as the "blessed" ones would have crippled C++ for many domains. Much of the reason C++ is used is that the flexibility of templates allows custom data structures to be maximally performance-tuned for the problem at hand. In Rust, the goal is to use macros for data structure literals, which results in a simpler surface language and the flexibility of C++ without the confusion of templates. You can "goto" any case label in C#, which works like fallthrough but is more flexible (since you can jump anywhere). At the same time, it avoids the refactoring hazard associated with fallthrough, in which changing the order of the switch labels can change the behavior of the code. Of the languages that have "switch" (not counting ML/Haskell-style pattern matching here), C#'s approach seems ideal. http://allfinancialmatters.com/2011/02/15/gold-vs-sp-500-ind... Shows the S&P 500 clearly outperforming gold from 1973 to 2010. Of course, there were massive fluctuations; what this says to me is to be diversified (and diversification includes stocks). I think your proposed cure (a rendering engine monoculture) is worse than the disease (having to test in multiple engines). Convert to some canonical case on the client side before applying SRP. It's very easy. Disclaimer: Shameless plug; I work on Rust. Since you asked, you may be interested in Rust as well. It's designed for exactly this use case, with a focus on safety and real-time requirements. However, be warned that it's not at all mature yet. There's also D, which has quite good Windows support from what I hear. Joe Public didn't care about AAC and Apple Lossless either before Apple started heavily pushing them on the iTunes Music Store. Apple doesn't use popularity as its metric when determining which formats to back. When your compiler is doing interprocedural optimizations like inlining (which Go's does), then changing an upstream dependency generally requires that all downstream dependencies be recompiled as well. So incremental recompilation isn't a panacea, and I think the Go designers made the right choice in striving to make compilation fast. Of course, you can do something like incremental compilation only at -O0 with no inlining, which is what I suspect we'll end up doing in Rust (the relevant bug is [1]). [1]: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/issues/2369 DJB's qmail (the security-hardened sendmail replacement) uses it. Java does that, for null checks. I think they make the types read better, personally, especially if you leave out the space to the left-hand side of the ':'. It clearly signifies to the reader where the code is entering the type grammar. And if you leave out both the spaces to the left and the right of the ':' (as OCaml code often does), it's exactly as many characters as the version with spaces. "x|0" is the preferred idiom for this IMHO; it's one character cheaper than the shift and calls [[ToInt32]] in the same way. IIRC this is what Emscripten uses. This is very interesting, because it's extremely similar to the design that we need for Rust. We need: * A generational GC, preferably bump-allocating so that we can win on allocation-heavy workloads. * A non-thread-safe GC, because all GC'd data is local to a single task in Rust (and we enforce this in the type system). * A precise GC, because (a) we don't want accidental or malicious leaks due to misinterpreting non-pointers as pointers; and (b) because we need precise GC metadata to clean up shared data and run destructors when tasks fail. * An incremental GC, because minimizing pause times is absolutely critical for browsers. * A non-copying GC, because LLVM doesn't currently support copying GC satisfactorily (i.e. when allowing pointers to live in registers). Fixing this would require a significant portion of all target code to be rewritten. Also of particular interest is the ability for individual allocation sites to choose to bump allocate only, in the interests of performance (but at the expense of fragmentation). This could potentially allow Rust programmers to fine-tune their allocation behavior and trade performance for fragmentation when it makes sense to do so. Very cool, and I'll be sure to keep an eye on this. I've got a bunch of code in a branch to allow register roots: https://github.com/pcwalton/llvm/tree/noteroots-ir It just automatically roots live values that are pointers in a nonzero addrspace. Still doesn't support copying GC, and only works in the fast instruction selector at the moment, but it goes a long way toward making GC performant in LLVM. Unfortunately, we need precise stack and register maps because we have pointers into the exchange heap, which are collected eagerly. If the GC tries to follow those, then it'll crash. At the same time, we have to store a liveness-accurate stack map of those pointers so that they can be collected during unwinding. LLVM code generation passes can introduce any number of register-to-register moves and perform arbitrary arithmetic that we don't track. We have to be able to find all derived pointers so we can write those into the stack map and update register/stack locations if we move an object. The right solution is to have MachineInstr-level getelementptr instructions, so that we can discover all derived pointers and copies from a GC root after codegen passes are done. Right now, getelementptr instructions get lowered into "add"/"sub"/"mul"/"lea"/etc instructions too early and we can't track them. What we can do relatively easily (with the series of patches I've been working on) is to track one instance of each GC root across a call (basically with a fake instruction after each call for each root that represents a virtual "use" of that root). That we can at least find the pointers. Yes. This is just for now, as fast isel is much easier to work with. I have other branches that implement most of the SelectionDAG support needed as well, but they aren't updated to the most recent work. According to what I've read, in GHC there are only four STG registers that are mapped to fixed registers in the x86 backend (and only one of them can contain a value). All roots are guaranteed to be either in this STG register or in the STG stack, which is kept separate from the C stack and is tagged with pointer/nonpointer info. This is certainly an option, but it seems suboptimal to me; we want LLVM to have the freedom to assign registers as it likes. Exactly. Nobody I know would ever want to take the risk of working at a place like that. Especially with the Dunning-Kruger effect: the best (e.g.) programmers tend to underrate their skills, and will not be motivated to apply to a place like that for fear they will be fired. The parent post said that "all new team members" were subject to this. It's fine if you're willing to bring on candidates you aren't sure about on a temporary basis, but you're just going to send a lot of good candidates elsewhere if your blanket policy is "you will be terminated after a month by default". In particular, as other commenters have pointed out, you will be filtering out lots of good candidates who currently have stable jobs, but might be interested in your organization if not for the (justified or not) perceived risk of being fired for no reason. There's Secure Remote Password, which stores a non-reversible verifier instead: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Remote_Password_protocol Apparently it's quite tricky to implement properly though. "Hijacking audio streams is obviously something Apple might have a problem with." But it's not Apple's audio stream, it's the user's audio stream. I don't think it's particularly unreasonable to expect that user should be able to decrypt his or her own data (assuming we're talking about data that isn't under DRM; DRM is another issue). Not true. Valgrind is a dynamic analysis, while these kinds of errors could be caught by static analyses. Go is a fine language, but I do have a nitpick here: you do not "avoid the GC" by using memory pools. The GC must still trace through the pool when it does run. The more correct thing to say is that you can reduce allocations with memory pools, which make the GC run less often and make it do less work. Furthermore, memory pools compromise safety: if you free a pointer to an object in your memory pool and you accidentally had aliases to that pointer, then you'll get subtle bugs when one of those objects gets reused. malloc and free are much cheaper than a mark-and-sweep. It is a much easier task to write a bounded-latency malloc suitable for real-time applications - for example, dlmalloc has a NO_SEGMENT_TRAVERSAL flag that assures bounded execution. By contrast, making GC with bounded latency is hard . Well, to be fair, Java and .NET have generational, concurrent, incremental garbage collectors. Yes, but that's only true if you get down to zero allocations. Memory pools reduce allocations, but you cannot get down to zero allocations--even if you somehow managed to convert every allocation site into a memory pool (which basically means not using the standard library), you'd still have to allocate the pool (unless it's stored in static memory, but then your maximum number of allocations is fixed). The only code I've seen that actually had zero allocations in a GC'd language is actually Emscripten-generated code in JS, which is of course not actually JS but C. "Sounds like the result of some extremely dumb law and management not having the guts to do the right thing and ignore it." Am I reading this properly or did you suggest that Google should be above the law? That's just one example. There have been plenty of startups, particularly in the consumer internet space, in which the names were generally accepted to be critical to the startups' successes. Mint vs. Wesabe is the most obvious example. Why do you want them to go away? I think generally industry consolidation is a bad thing for consumers. The other gotcha with "typeof": "typeof NaN" is "number", amusingly enough. Every time you dereference a pointer in any language with a null pointer type, you're implicitly admitting the chance of a failure (panic, exception, ...). With a sum type (like Maybe or option in ML), you never have this possibility; you have to handle the two cases (null and not-null) separately, and the compiler checks to ensure that you can never use the pointer unless you're in the not-null branch. What Bob Harper is talking about is that, in for example Go, you can write this: if x == nil { ... use x ... } Which is of course a bug. What you meant to write is: if x != nil { ... use x ... } But the Go compiler cannot check this in the general case. However, in ML or Haskell, it's easy. This does not compile, because the type of x will be option instead of T: match x with | None -> ... (* use x *) | Some _ -> () (* do nothing *) But this does compile: match x with | None -> () (* do nothing *) | Some y -> ... (* use y *) Because the type of y will be T instead of option . In the general case, the compiler can't check to see that that code is incorrect. Consider the case in which the boolean result "x == nil" is threaded around from function to function, aliased (you handed out a pointer to it), etc... Also consider the case in which "x" is aliased (you handed out a pointer to it) and it gets mutated to nil in the middle of the branch by calling some function. If you go down this road, you end up making the compiler perform a very difficult (probably undecidable) proof. There has been lots of research on this and it's not easy... Nit: Collecting a dead object is not free with a copying GC. You still have to scan it during the Cheney scan or mark phase. Huh? SharePoint is used by 78% of the Fortune 500, according to Wikipedia... Could we please not take the trendy HN cynicism so far as to equate Facebook with mass-murdering serial killers? It's a social networking site . We're certainly hoping that Rust is that language. In particular, we're trying to get the raw no-compromises performance of idiomatic C++ in a practical, memory-safe (and data-race-free) language. That means that our type system is more complex than that of C or Go, but it also lets us squeeze performance out of the machine without sacrificing safety. We do have an optional per-thread garbage collector (it doesn't stop the world, only the thread), but it's more like shared_ptr than what you'd usually think of as a GC; it's there if you want it on your objects, and you don't have to use it. (Disclaimer: I work on Rust.) (Second disclaimer: Go is an awesome language and, as this talk illustrates, we aren't competing with Go; Go and Rust have totally different goals and Rob Pike's languages were quite the influence on Rust.) "In a language with closures and Go-style goroutines and channels, the amount of programmer effort required to manage memory would be absolutely immense without a garbage collector." That isn't the whole story though. Microsoft Singularity achieved this with the exchange heap: closures and Go-style goroutines and channels can exist without concurrent GC, or even without GC at all on a per-goroutine basis. Google is sniffing the browser user agent and serving a different page to Firefox; the nice mobile page is restricted to WebKit browsers. We're working with Google to try to get that fixed, but ultimately it's up to them. We're using the bleeding edge master builds of Rust. Our work on Servo informs the direction we want to take Rust, and vice versa. Servo has been really valuable to help us determine whether the language features really work out in practice. Daeken's point below is spot on, but I thought I'd add that, if we don't have the manpower to rewrite everything in a safe language, we can go out of process and sandbox like Chromium does. (In fact, the plan is to sandbox even the safe code.) Of course, that's plan B; plan A is to parallelize the entire stack, top to bottom. WebKit, like all engines, is fundamentally single-threaded. Of course, there can be some parallelism added to specific components--in the case of Chrome, multiple tabs (to be more accurate, multiple origins) can execute in parallel--but there's a scalability limit to how far a single-threaded design can take you. Like I said, the success of the project doesn't depend on the feasibility of rewriting HarfBuzz. We're quite pragmatic about using external libraries; in fact, Rust's FFI is the best FFI I've ever used in any non-C/C++ language. Robert's point is simply that the end result will be better if we can make a memory-safe, parallel HarfBuzz along the way, written in a language that improves programmer productivity. Sorry about that; we're fixing this as I write this. We removed resources from the language recently; less is exponentially more. Don't see how it can, as it's just a UIWebView. I think that multicore support is unlikely to be the crucial feature that cements the success of the language of the future for simple CRUD web apps. Such apps are invariably not CPU-bound. Wide support on hosting providers, tooling, ease for novices, database access, etc. are far more important--which explains the success of PHP in the first place. It is feasible if the language is carefully designed around it. Rust implements this through its uniqueness typing system. It is impossible to have two threads share mutable data. That's awesome, kudos. How do you deal with maintaining the distinction between pointers and values on the stack and in registers? I didn't see any code to do that, skimming through that patch. Since it's a precise GC, you need to maintain the distinction. In Rust we have a very large patchset to LLVM to allow us to do this; it involves modifying nearly every stage of the LLVM pipeline. Curious how you did that in gccgo. Edit: I just looked at the source and it still seems conservative for the stack and registers. So it's not a precise GC yet and will not eliminate false positives. (This is of course totally fine, I just wanted to clarify for myself.) I/O bandwidth between the GPU and main memory is a significant limiting factor, giving SIMD instructions on the CPU an advantage. Running code in parallel across multiple cores is going to lose to SIMD. I don't think SIMD is going away anytime soon. I've talked with Chris Lattner about upstreaming it and the LLVM developers seem open to it when it's ready. In the meantime you can find the most recent work here: https://github.com/elliottslaughter/llvm/tree/noteroots-ir Currently, you are mostly out of luck if you try to use mainline, unless you're okay with the llvm.gcroot intrinsics, which pin things to the stack so they can never live in registers (causing a corresponding performance loss). Probably your best bet is to do what Go will do once the patch enneff was referring to is merged: scan conservatively on the stack and precisely on the heap. You can still get false positives and leaks, and you can't do moving GC that way, but it's better than fully conservative GC. By far, the hardest part of GC is precisely marking the stack and registers. Yet you have to be able to do it if you want to prevent leaks. Our goal is to put in the hard work so that new languages will be able to have proper GC without having to roll a custom code generator or target the JVM or CLR. Reference counting is a form of garbage collection. It does spend CPU cycles trying to figure out what isn't needed, so your claim that it doesn't "waste CPU cycles" is not true. Its advantages over tracing GC are that memory can be reclaimed promptly, that it does a pretty good job of spreading out the CPU load in an incremental sense, and that it's simple to implement and reason about. The big downside is cycles; lots of large reference-counted codebases constantly struggle with cycles (for example, Firefox). Adding cycle detection to a reference counted system is not easy to do in a performant way and almost nobody that I'm aware of but Firefox even attempts to do it. Without unsafe memory management, you can still do pointer arithmetic. See Cyclone's fat pointers, Go's slices, Rust's slices, etc. What are the thorny edge cases that C# generics have? Java generics have use-site, not def-site variance, which is the source of most of the confusion... but C# gets this right. The standard idiom in Go is X緑, I believe. In Rust the choice was much simpler: we didn't want to use the lexer hack, and we wanted to avoid arbitrary lookahead in the parser. Consider: let hashmap x; let x; After parsing the "let" we don't know whether to parse a type (which can be arbitrarily long) or a variable name. Switching to postfix types neatly solves the problem: let x: hashmap ; let x; You'll be happy to know that these issues are being addressed: * I agree about type capitalization. I try to capitalize my types in new Rust code, and I'm advocating switching to it generally. It is currently on the roadmap. (It's not just a stylistic thing; we can fix several issues in the grammar that way, most notably the distinction between an enum like None and a variable like x.) * The keywords are going to stay short (although some of them are being revised to read better; e.g. "cont" -> "again", "iface" -> "trait"), but identifiers are going to lengthen in new code. * '::' may change to '.', to make it easier on the eyes. I personally prefer '.', and am advocating the change. * You're right that Rust hasn't fully adopted dot-notation. This is an artifact of dot-notation being introduced later in the design, and we're in the process of transitioning code from vec::len(x) to x.len(). We definitely aren't moving away from the OO syntax; in fact we're moving toward traits [1] and maximally-minimal classes as a way to unify OO, Go-like interfaces, and Haskell-like typeclasses under one simple, coherent system. I'd prefer it if semicolons stayed, however; I think automatic semicolon insertion is more trouble than it's worth, as it ruins people's house bracing styles and causes confusing errors. That said, the way a trailing semicolon changes a block's return value is very confusing, and I'm pretty sure we can fix that issue. [1]: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/wiki/Proposal-for-unifying-t... Type parameters are invariant, unless explicitly specified to be covariant with a where clause. The instability of the language is something we've been discussing a lot, but I think it's better to make a good language than to rush something out the door and be living with our mistakes years down the road. That said, we are racing to get the design finalized as quickly as possible. These design discussions would have happened behind closed doors in most other places; the fact that you can see all of it just shows how open our development process is. We deliberately haven't been making much noise about Rust because we know it's unstable. When we are ready to finalize and commit to aspects of the language design, we'll make that clear. Mutability is pretty hard. Consider what C++ and D had to go through with const/immutable correctness. The design we came up with is pretty novel and captures all of our use cases in a simple way, but it wasn't easy to arrive at. What in particular do you not like? To me the proposed stuff on the roadmap fixes the problems I see (changing "::" to ".", camel case for type names, "alt" -> "match", => after pattern matches, #debug to debug!, removing argument modes -- no guarantees that we implement these of course, they need consensus), but I'm curious as to what your thoughts are. Yes, Rust is intended to play nicely with GTK and Qt. For one, browser engines need to interface to the platform-native toolkits. Scripting support would be cool. To me, Rust isn't necessarily the best language to write small one-off scripts in; I personally prefer dynamically typed languages (or whole-program type-inferred languages) for that. But if you want to write scripts in Rust, I'd certainly review any pull requests to make it easier :) Please file an issue regarding the build problem if you get the time on our issue tracker: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/issues We're trying to iron out all of these issues. Exactly. Facebook is determined not to become MySpace by heading off competition before it becomes too late. One of the most effective ways to head off that competition is to purchase it. My favorite illustration of the reason why OO and FP each have their strengths is the expression problem: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Expression_problem Briefly, functional programming is good at one use case (adding new operations over the data type) and weak at one use case (adding new data type variants), while OO is the opposite (adding new data type variants is easy, while adding new operations is not). You have to choose between OO and FP based on which notion of extensibility is more important to you for the problem at hand (unless you use the relatively exotic solutions of multimethods or the generics trick that Wadler originally proposed). My takeaway is that OO and FP both have their time and place, and the pragmatic programmer will learn when to use one or the other instead of choosing one camp and bashing the other side. I wish I could agree, but experience has shown that not having operator overloading makes (a) operating polymorphically over different number types and (b) creating new number types (decimals, bigints, etc.) really awkward. The former is much of the reason we had to add it to Rust. We have matrices that can operate over any numeric type T that implements the basic operations (so we can write matrix math once and have it work on 32-bit floats and 64-bit floats; this is important for speed vs. precision for browsers vs. scientific computing), but we couldn't put an addition operator in the Num interface, so we had to make "add", "sub", etc. methods. The result made our matrix math operations nigh-unreadable. I was about to say "you can't do it", but I think you can -- the trick is to use a bounded generic implementation. Once "Mul" becomes a trait, you'll be able to say this: trait MatrixMultiplyRHS { fn mul(matrix: Matrix) -> Result; } impl ,Result> Matrix : Mul { fn mul(rhs: RHS) -> Result { rhs.mul(self) } } impl float : MatrixMultiplyRHS { fn mul(matrix: Matrix) -> Matrix { // ...implementation of matrix scalar multiply... } } impl Vector : MatrixMultiplyRHS { fn mul(matrix: Matrix) -> Vector { // ... implementation of matrix multiply for vectors ... } } impl Matrix : MatrixMultiplyRHS { fn mul(matrix: Matrix) -> Matrix { // ... implementation of matrix multiply for matrices ... } } It's admittedly a bit awkward, but maybe that's OK to discourage overloading unless you actually need it. Still, your point was very interesting -- I didn't realize this was possible! -- and I'll spread it around the team. Yes, this has been invaluable for us in Rust. One cool thing we've been able to do with this architecture is to write a fuzzer -- a tool that uses the Rust compiler itself to generate random Rust programs to test the compiler's correctness. I don't think the issue of separate address spaces is unsolvable. As long as you have a type system powerful enough to forbid aliasing between the CPU and the GPU code, you can do it. (For example, Rust's type system can encode task-local data.) I don't agree with that; task parallelism is easier than data parallelism in an actor/CSP-based system, but both have their place. Take something like x264 -- task parallelism will not help it, unless you're encoding multiple videos at one time. But data parallelism (SIMD, in particular) is the reason it's the fastest encoder around. For a "sufficiently smart compiler" you mean autovectorization. That's a hard problem. I've mentioned before that I don't think SIMD is going away anytime soon. It has so many upsides (cache locality, simple implementation in hardware due to the single-instruction nature of it) that I think designs that don't take advantage of it will always be at a disadvantage for the foreseeable future. Interesting, I didn't know that video encoding could be parallelized per-frame in that way. That's really cool; I stand corrected. Still, I think it's clear that an x264 with N threads per frame with no per-pixel SIMD would lose to the current x264 with N threads per frame. The key is that x264 is making good use of task parallelism and data parallelism. IE9 and IE10 certainly are putting competitive pressure on others (including Mozilla, my employer). For example, at the time of release IE9's vector graphics performance was far ahead (we're talking on the order of 5x) of any other browser, including Chrome and Firefox, and IE also led the way with background compilation of JavaScript (a very important feature, arguably more important to users than raw JS performance). Because of the lack of generational GC. (Splay is a hard case for a generational GC.) "Take the patent system away, and all Apple has is a nice market share, a fat war chest and it's own ability to produce interesting products." Also the fact that Apple is the most valuable company in the world. "I think that Mozilla's Rust is aiming squarely at C++ developers, whereas Go is more of a Java replacement." I basically agree with this as a Rust developer (although I'm not sure about Go being in Java's niche; I think of it more as in node.js's niche -- highly scalable web apps). Early on, I think both Rust and Go were thought to be targeting the same segment, but it turned out that we really weren't. Personally, I'm completely fine with that; different language designs are appropriate for different roles. The huge amount of work that we've done to make non-allocating and manually-memory-managed code easy, predictable, and type-safe is totally overkill for Go's niche, for example, while for games and web browsers this sort of thing is essential. Yes, the docs are awful at the moment. It's mostly a question of making sure things are stable before we commit to writing a lot of docs; we absolutely need better ones. The standard library tends to use the bleeding-edge features more than user Rust code (as it contains implementations of core traits and whatnot), so its churn is high. Despite what others have suggested, I don't think it needs a total rewrite, but various names should change. A "go"-like binary is on the roadmap; it's mostly a question of refactoring. We have a pretty printer, a doc generator, a package manager, and a compiler (all in various stages of completeness); the trick is to just bundle them into one nice package. A trail of notes would definitely be helpful, to see what the initial hurdles are for beginners. From what I've seen the biggest problem is that 0.3's syntax is totally different from the unreleased 0.4 (due to be released next week). Most people, understandably, build from the packaged 0.3 and none of the examples in the documentation work. 0.4 contains the syntax we're committing to; most of the changes from then on should be backwards-compatible with it (unless you use the deprecated stuff, which we're adding warnings for). "I think your complaints could be addressed with a simple extension to pause the collector therefore introducing determinism" I don't think that scales to multiple threads. Remember, the GC is global. With a lot of goroutines, you're going to end up delaying GC far too long if any of them can block the GC. These sorts of things are the reason why it's considered a bad idea to muck around with the GC settings in e.g. the JVM unless you really know what you're doing. The right way to avoid GC pauses in a GC'd language is to avoid generating garbage; e.g. with free lists. Actually, from conversations with the Android team, Android system and apps code goes to great effort to use manual free lists and object recycling to avoid allocations during animations. Manual memory management is necessary to compete with the manually-memory-managed iOS frameworks. And Dalvik has an incremental, generational GC... My mistake, it's actually 2 weeks ("mid-September" is the target date). Still close. It's still an alpha, but there are huge changes, and most importantly, syntax becomes "slushy" after 0.4 (not frozen, but massive changes have a high bar to clear). Carbon -> Cocoa was a massive change. So was PPC -> x86. There are also massive API compatibility issues even between those two enormous shifts -- witness the sudden breakage of all SDL games due to raw surface access in CoreGraphics moving to IOSurface, just to name one. The difference is, I think, that Apple has conditioned developers to expect massive breakage, and the OS X app industry has structural differences from the Linux desktop app community that make it more likely for apps to get fixed quickly. Rust uses the Erlang model. Generally failing the task on error has worked well in practice, although there are times when we have to use result types and pattern matching (basically error codes, but more reliable since the compiler forces you to use them correctly). The vast majority of errors are handled either locally or by failing the task. We're interested in adding support for condition handlers. Arbitrary stack unwinding and/or first-class continuations aren't likely due to runtime/toolchain limitations, but the "register a function to be called on error, which might direct the call to be restarted" style is intended to be supported. Languages that come out of academia don't really focus on syntax much (unless you count research into macros for Racket/Template Haskell/etc). If anything, the lack of attention paid to syntax tends to hurt research languages' adoption. I like to reply to Rust comments, for obvious reasons. Rust usually gets brought up around here in Go threads, unfortunately. I try not to do language advocacy -- like I said, Go is a great language, and it's in a different space from Rust and the languages are not competing -- but if I've crossed the line somewhere I apologize. To avoid derailing, I'll try to refrain from commenting on anything not immediately related to Rust in other languages' threads in the future. Yes, Rust and Servo both use libuv as the native async I/O layer. It's been fantastic for us as an easy-to-use API that works on Windows. Kudos to Ryan Dahl and Joyent for creating it. Looks like it's a precise GC, not a conservative GC like Boehm. That means that your language has to provide a list of roots manually, while Boehm discovers them automatically. The downside is that Boehm can misidentify pointers (and it also has to jump through extra hoops to achieve incremental and generational collection, while in MPS it should be more straightforward). You don't need macros to solve this problem. You can use unique types, STM, etc. to forbid the data sharing at the type level and ensure a coherent memory model. Well, the point is that concurrency primitives don't have to be built into the language to enable libraries to write safe concurrent abstractions. Rather, the type system features that enable it can exist in the compiler as general type system features unrelated to concurrency that just so happen to be able to ensure the safety of concurrent code if used properly. These are all superficial syntactic complaints, following Wadler's law. My experience is that every new language gets more than its fair share of these. Gmail does not have as large of a market share as you think: http://www.campaignmonitor.com/resources/will-it-work/email-... In general this is a common misconception at HN and in similar circles: Gmail may be ubiquitous among the tech crowd, but it's far from clear that it's even in first place among webmail providers. Most people can't just invest in startups. You need to be an accredited investor, which rules out most people who haven't had a liquidity event or are independently wealthy. The restrictions on what your net worth needs to be are here: http://startuplawyer.com/startup-law-glossary/accredited-inv... Well, for one, special-casing _ allows for an unused-variable warning in the future (although I have no idea whether Ruby's semantics allow for this). What in particular are you not sure about in terms of performance? With the exception of segmented stacks, Rust adheres to the zero-cost principle just as C++ does. Always-on assertions are a good thing. They help stop bugs before they become exploitable security vulnerabilities, for example. I would much rather have my web app crash on bad input than proceed to execute a malicious SQL query. The two languages aren't really in the same space in the first place. Go is a simpler language that leans more heavily on garbage collection. Rust is a more complex language that can be safely used without the GC at all. Go is a great language -- I greatly admire its simplicity -- and for its domain it's fantastic. Rust is in a different domain: low-level systems programming in which abstractions must be zero-cost and control over the machine is crucial. We're getting close. Rust 0.4 (hopefully to be released next week, assuming no more schedule slips) will be quite close to final syntax-wise. Although not all the features will be implemented, your code will be mostly backwards-compatible. If you'd like to try out the language, I recommend working off git master rather than 0.3; the language has been dramatically simplified in Rust 0.4. There is a lot more to zero-cost abstraction than memory layout. If you do manual memory management in Go, then you get no safety. It is also difficult to use the standard library with manual memory management. Furthermore, interfaces in Go are not zero-cost; you incur virtual dispatch whenever you use them. The article is about doing safe manual memory management. That's something that's unique to Rust. No, where a closure is allocated depends on the type of the closure. The type of the closure is inferred just like any other type. It has nothing to do with what it closes over (although what it the closure is allowed to close over depends on its type). "If write a library in Rust, how can I expose my types and algorithms to Ruby, Python, Lua, etc?" The same way you expose them in C. Rust and C are compatible at the binary level. "How will Rust Tasks play with Python threads?" More or less the same way C setcontext()/swapcontext() workalikes play with Python threads. We probably want a runtime-less Rust to allow users who aren't using tasks at all to just omit the whole system, though. The language itself knows nothing about tasks; they're purely part of the runtime library. "What if I use a Rust Pipe to send a Python value between tasks?" Should work as you expect. In Servo we're already sending Objective-C values (which require special APIs to perform the memory management) from task to task over pipes. "How do I keep Rust from doing a GC pass while I'm holding the Python GIL?" By not using the GC. It's easy to tell when you aren't using the GC; you can just avoid @ types, and there is a warning you can turn on to enforce no GC use. This sort of thing is the reason why we support manual memory management. "If you're only writing an application (ie. not a library) and never want to embed other languages into your application, then this might be ok. But I'm more interested in writing shared functionality that is useful across languages." We're already successfully embedding a JavaScript engine into a pure Rust program for Servo. JavaScript can access Rust types and vice versa. "Why should the whole stack of parsers, crypto, compression, etc. have to be written separately in each language?" I agree completely that this is undesirable. That's why Rust doesn't do this. For your three examples, Rust and Servo link to C libraries: Hubbub for HTML parsing, NSS for crypto, and zlib for compression. You'd want a runtime-less Rust if/when it becomes available (there are no immediate plans for this, but we'd be happy to help). We use native OS dynamic libraries, so once it's possible to build Rust code without a runtime it should be pretty easy to call Rust from a pure C host app. No, Rust has two ways of allocating memory (on the task heap or on the exchange heap), and most functions take borrowed pointers, which accept both kinds of memory. (Edit, re below reply: It depends how you define "allocation"; it's either two or three. I wasn't considering the stack as allocation, but you're right that Rust takes the traditional stack/heap distinction and expands it to stack/exchange heap/task heap. We should update the tutorial to make it clear that borrowed pointers work for the stack as well as both heaps.) I agree that the language is not designed to be a Python replacement, however. No language is suitable for every task. It's not impossible to build attractive user interfaces with garbage collection, but it is significantly harder, both for users and developers of the system. Android system apps go to great effort to avoid using the GC during critical animations, while in iOS this is much easier. Implementing a good garbage collector is a lot of work, and it's very difficult to tune; even the JVM, which has had an enormous amount of man-hours put into it, struggles with GC pressure under some loads. Additionally, the applications we want Rust to be suitable for aren't competing with GC'd languages. They are competing against applications written in C++, with manual memory management and no automatic storage reclamation. They will be put head-to-head in benchmarks with them. We don't take performance regressions, and relying on global GC would be a significant risk. The Javagator is, in fact, an excellent example here! (As an aside, the pointer types are not all incompatible; all pointers can become &T, and the vast majority of functions take & pointers.) Rust is not particularly object-oriented; idiomatic Rust code leans more toward the functional style as opposed to the OO style. The language is designed to make it harder to write buggy code at the cost of some amount of language complexity. Whether this is an acceptable tradeoff will depend on your particular situation. Not sure what you mean here. Rust tends to be pretty dependent on inlining optimizations, just as C++ is. As for code compactness, the way we do task failure leads to significant code bloat at the moment (though that's on track to be fixed, and the code is off to the side and not executed unless you actually fail). As for memory layout, the rules follow C; struct fields are laid out in the order you specify them in the code, and so on. "How many years will it take to get a reliable Go or Rust support for programming a vendor-independent GPU? What's the overhead compared to say C or C++?" We're already using Rust for OpenGL ES 2.0-based graphics programming. There is a bug on doing that, but keep in mind that bundling libgcc would only make Rust error out with a more informative error. Because Rust uses the system linker, you need MinGW installed to use Rust. Rust enforces that you use its smart pointers safely, eliminating a huge class of errors and exploitable security vulnerabilities. C++ doesn't. No, typestate has been removed from the language. However, you can get a lot of its functionality with session types. Yammer definitely does have traction. It may well be that the author didn't use Yammer at the two companies he worked at, but Microsoft wouldn't have paid a billion dollars for a company without traction. C-like control over the layout of data in memory is provided by the Binary Data proposal for ECMAScript: http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=harmony:binary_data&#... I think the GC issues and codegen are the most difficult, actually. When the GC bites you you rarely have any other choice than to use free lists, which are always a pain. Furthermore, JS codegen is always complicated by the fact that JS is a JIT, and so many optimizations commonplace in C compilers tend to be skipped in the name of faster compilation. (You would be amazed how many of the common JS benchmarks end up boiling down to compilation speed.) Despite all of this, however, I'm bullish on the future of JS with respect to performance; it may lose on head-to-head competition with C, but modern JS performance is perfectly adequate even for 3D games and the like. (Also interestingly, Emscripten works around all of these difficulties surprisingly well -- you get low-level control over memory with it; you never GC; you get LLVM's optimizations.) Rust is never going to be part of the Web. Content will never be able to execute Rust code. If Mozilla had been proposing to integrate Rust as a potential client-side scripting language (which wouldn't happen to begin with), the process would have been totally different. I've never seen a bytecode that wasn't just a straightforward source-to-source translation of some language. JVM bytecode is pretty much just another way to encode Java (invokedynamic notwithstanding). .NET bytecode is pretty much just another way to write C#. Bytecode really is nothing more than just a compressed source encoding of some language. It doesn't magically result in a VM that can efficiently encode all semantics of all programming languages, and I don't believe such a VM can exist anyway. "So they stick to adding lipstick to the pig. But JavaScript isn't like other languages: its fundamental errors are so glaring, and impact so negatively on the language, that the benefit of jumping to a "JavaScript 2.0" massively outweighs its incompatibility disadvantages." "Jumping to a JavaScript 2.0" is the hard part. Any successor to JavaScript has to have a compatibility story with all the JavaScript code out there, as well as the DOM APIs and so forth. Either you ship two VMs, in which case each page has two incompatible worlds (yet both can access the DOM -- think about the massive complexity this entails), or you have to think about language versioning, which requires at the very least a functioning static module system. Well, we aren't going to stop, or even discourage, people from writing Rust-to-JS compilers, but we won't be working on such a thing... There are plenty of jokes we make at Rust's expense: http://mozillamemes.tumblr.com/post/29632512055/want-to-writ... "It is very likely that the Rust language will go with a similar model [per-thread instead of global garbage collection]." Rust is using this model today. Oh yes, you're right -- I was assuming you were grouping cycle collection under garbage collection. In any case, the cycle collector is task-local, not global. Which keywords did you like that were removed? "continue" is very long (out of place with the rest of the keywords), "again" was quite unpopular ("next" is out in a systems language due to linked lists), and the construct isn't used very often anyway (just a handful of places). A lot of people like languages with small sets of keywords (for example, Python, Lua, or Go). It helps you keep the whole language in your head. We wanted to replicate that. There are middle grounds between unsafe manual memory management and full garbage collection other than atomic reference counting. Region systems (like in Cyclone and Rust), for example. In general you can't hoist the length check out of the loop because of the possibility that the length might change during the loop. Proving that the length doesn't change during the loop is quite difficult; in general this requires alias analysis. Ignoring a potentially wanted return value with ";" is a hazard. I'd like to institute some set of "warn-unused-result" warnings in Rust to combat this. I implemented basically this in Rust, and it was overwhelmingly rejected by the community at the time. People seem to like the strict typechecking. Here's a comment from Maciej (Apple): http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2057611 I don't speak for Mozilla, but the position of the non-Google browser vendors in plugin-futures made sense to me: it's simpler to just call the Web APIs from native code. Less code, smaller surface area, fewer APIs for folks to learn. For those interested in the cause of the slowdown on Firefox, it's a bug in the calculation of overflow in 3D transforms that causes the browser to repaint the background every frame: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=804324 Rust is embracing optional GC. Almost any use of the GC in the standard library is considered a bug at this point. Also, the GC in Rust is not for safety (as the language is memory-safe regardless of whether you use the GC); rather it's for convenience when you want it. We can't ship a competitive touch-responsive browser engine if the compositor has GC pauses, so making the GC optional is as critical for us as it is for everybody else. "I'm not seeing much indication from the mailing list that safety-off all-go performance is a priority for the Rust devs" It is. We are counting every cycle in the JS Rust bridge, for example, when compared against C++ Gecko and WebKit. As a general policy, Mozilla does not take performance regressions. Servo is a total non-starter if it is a performance regression over the existing C++ browser engines. That said, Rust does some things by default that C++ doesn't do by default, such as stack overflow checks and array bounds checks. This is because we believe that, for most apps, they're the right defaults when weighed against the dire security consequences. It's planned for both of these to be able to be switched off in the future. (It's already possible to switch off array bounds checks, and switching off stack growth will be needed for competitive JS Rust interoperability in Servo.) It's currently slower, yes. Stack checks and stack switching, for example, are part of the reason; that's why we plan to make them able to be turned off. Certainly, if you need something to be shipped soon, and you need it to be performance-competitive with C++, don't use Rust. Despite the fact that it's backed with LLVM, the compiler is quite immature. I don't think at this point that any significant avenues for optimization are closed off in the Rust language design relative to C++. The safety checks are all designed to be optional. I'm curious what in particular in Rust's design that you feel closes off optimization opportunities. "Safety optional, GC optional, dynamic allocation optional" are all true for Rust, for example. I don't feel that we're replacing C++ for everybody, of course. C++ is a very nice language for what it does, and there's a huge amount of infrastructure and an ecosystem built around it. I don't think that we're at an optimization/performance disadvantage relative to C++ in terms of the language design, however. (Compiler toolchain immaturity is another issue, though; currently we aren't really using LLVM to its full potential in various ways.) If you don't use the GC, then you can use stack allocation, unique allocation (like std::unique_ptr), arena allocation, or reference counting with smart pointers. You don't give up memory safety; it is still not designed to be possible to have dangling pointers, wild pointers, etc. As an example, I wrote an MP2 decoder that didn't use dynamic allocation or unsafe code at all, and it wasn't particularly unnatural to write in this way. The reason why GC pointers are built into the language is that GC really requires compiler support to do well (with stack maps) and, in particular, to interoperate with the parts of the language that don't require GC in a safe way. You can't just add GC to a language that wasn't designed for it and have it work as well; the best you can do at that point is conservative GC. If you want good GC, that's a decision you need to make early on, and you need to bake it into your language to some extent. (That doesn't mean you need to rely on it though; that's exactly what Rust is trying to prove!) There is very little that is not planned to be able to be shut off, relative to C++. One of the biggest is failure; if your functions fail, then you have to arrange to run all destructors on the stack while your thread exits. (This is similar to C++ exceptions, and are in fact implemented with C++ exceptions under the hood right now, although we plan to change this.) I suppose we could also have a mode whereby we just leak everything on failure to avoid this overhead (basically like -fno-exceptions in GCC; this is pretty much exactly the same tradeoff as C++ offers). I don't think it'd be popular though :) Some of the concurrency mechanisms are built from scratch today. For example, pipes (the new channel communication layer) are entirely written in bare Rust, with no C++ at all. They use atomic operations: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/blob/master/src/libcore/pipe... Other interesting parts of the runtime that are built using Rust are task spawning (lots of locks): https://github.com/mozilla/rust/blob/master/src/libcore/task... And implementations of mutexes: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/blob/master/src/libcore/priv... The current plan is to implement the entire runtime in Rust itself. That includes the userland scheduler. So we will need all the low-level OS primitive mutexes, condition variables, pthread infrastructure, etc. There's no reason we can foresee why this would be particularly difficult; the only reason why it wasn't done this way from the start is for bootstrapping reasons. I read that as referring to the lexer hack: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_lexer_hack I don't think the divide between research and industry languages is as deep as you imply. Take your examples: purity and strict typing. Purity has been adopted wholesale by Clojure and has influenced C++11 (constexpr implies purity in addition to many other things). Go, the subject of the post, is stricter about type conversions than the C family languages are. Java's type-safe implementation of generics was influenced by ML. There have been a lot of accusations of that over the years, which was part of the reason why the analogies section was dropped. Here's an article from 2003 mentioning probably the most infamous SAT question in this regard ("runner : marathon :: regatta : oarsman" -- the issue of course being that wealthy students are more likely to know what a regatta is): http://articles.latimes.com/2003/jul/27/local/me-sat27 Usually when people say "big and complicated", they mean C++, which Rust is much simpler than. We put a lot of effort into keeping Rust as minimalist as possible without sacrificing the language goals. It's certainly a bigger language than Go, of course. Yeah, that was a bad choice of words; what I was getting at was the emphasis on immutability. SPJ's comment had nothing to do with lexical syntax. It won't be as good as Haskell for memory safety. For example, this program, using only C++11 idioms, crashes: #include #include int main() { std::vector v; v.push_back(std::string("Hello")); v.push_back(std::string("there")); for (auto ii = v.begin(), ie = v.end(); ii != ie; ++ii) { v.clear(); std::cout Preventing this sort of thing requires strong guarantees about aliasing (to ensure that "v" can't alias the vector being iterated over), which the C++ type system can't help you with. "const" doesn't help you in the presence of aliasing: #include #include template void print(const T& v, U& w) { for (auto ii = v.begin(), ie = v.end(); ii != ie; ++ii) { w.clear(); std::cout v; v.push_back(std::string("Hello")); v.push_back(std::string("there")); print(v, v); return 0; } In general there are lots of ways to get non-const access to const data. You'd need a sophisticated form of whole-program alias analysis to eliminate the unsafety here. (Even if you didn't have the second "U& w" parameter, there are other potential ways that "print" could get non-const access to "v"; global variables, TLS, by accessing a member of "v", etc.) I don't see how Boost algorithms provide the aliasing guarantees you need to avoid invalidating iterators. It's a very difficult problem. Even if you use a library to pipe instances of your custom string class to cout and you trust that library, the method or function that sends your custom string class to cout could perform arbitrary mutations, which would invalidate the iterator. For example: #include #include #include #include class mystring { public: std::string m_s; mystring(const std::string &s) : m_s(s) {} }; std::vector v; void operator (std::cout, "\n")); return 0; } Any jurisdiction with contempt of court, basically: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contempt_of_court Not to mention crippling driver bugs. For example, many Adreno 200s try to read invalid memory and segfault if you call glTexSubImage2D. Shameless plug, but Rust is intended to be that. There's also Clay, etc. We're also trying to do that with Rust (it's based on the work of Dan Grossman and others with the Cyclone region-based memory management). It depends on whether you consider it a C variant, of course. Cyclone is something every programming language enthusiast should look into, IMHO. It's extremely interesting, well-done work. Very nice: tasteful and performs great (GPU-accelerated in Gecko and others) due to the use of CSS transforms. It's more historical at this point. Chrome doesn't use DirectWrite because it uses Skia on Windows. At the time, the choice was between GDI+ and Skia, and Skia was much faster. But DirectWrite on Vista and 7 is extremely fast (it's GPU-accelerated, unlike the Skia backend Chrome uses). Criticizing the browser for displaying a blurry image while pinching is unfair. This is standard practice for any browser with off main thread compositing, including Firefox Mobile, Chrome for Android, later releases of desktop Safari, and Mobile Safari, which pioneered the technique. It's just GL_LINEAR from what I can tell. My iPhone Simulator is somewhat old though; perhaps they decided to start rendering while your fingers are down on iOS 6 or something. On a recent MBP, however, desktop Safari is just using GL_LINEAR scaling. All Mozilla phone APIs are being standardized. Some already are. None are intended to be Mozilla-specific. You can track the implementation here: https://wiki.mozilla.org/WebAPI Great performance too, in Firefox especially (Chrome seems slightly choppier). Browsers put a lot of effort into optimizing scrolling these days (buffer rotation in desktop Gecko, tiles on mobile Safari/Chrome/Firefox), so structuring your interactions around it is an easy way to get excellent performance out of HTML. This is how Visual Basic 6 and below worked; True was -1 and False was 0, so that bitwise and logical operators could be unified. Chrome also has a cap on the number of processes. The process grouping per origin is not really intended as an optimization; it's required by JavaScript semantics. Inheritance does not imply virtual methods. They are two different features. Even as early as Simula 67, virtual methods were not the default and had to be explicitly annotated. There are, believe it or not, things that IE does better than WebKit. For instance, IE uses Direct2D (essentially the state of the art for vector graphics) for rendering. Sure, there are lots and lots of things that WebKit does better than IE. I'm just pointing out that it's a tradeoff; it's not cut and dry in favor of WebKit. Every language that becomes popular, including Go, brings something new to the table that wasn't present in mainstream languages previously. In fact, it is precisely the languages that don't bring anything new that don't tend to become popular. There are many, many features that Go has that haven't appeared in mainstream languages before, and this is a good thing. Besides, Scala code tends to avoid null (it's only in there for compatibility with the JVM), and it has quite a few users. Intrusiveness also isn't so good when you want the class logic to be independent of the memory management scheme in use. We experimented with language support for intrusive data structures in Rust (`@class` for an intrusive `shared_ptr`) and it turned out to be a lot of trouble, so we removed it. What additional classes of errors does e.g. Rust introduce? Your point is definitely valid. But Rust in particular does not have a large, complicated runtime. It's pretty small (it's just thread support, basically), and it's going to get smaller over time. It would be great to formally verify the runtime and task infrastructure. In fact people have started to create (small, incomplete) Promela models of the message passing infrastructure. However, it's lower priority than figuring out what works from a pragmatic standpoint and implementing it at the moment. Well, from what I've seen the ability to draw from imagination mostly results from drawing from life a lot and remembering how things look. Rust feature freeze is soon. These days we reject probably 90% of the proposals to incompatibly change the language. There will still be churn, but it's much smaller nowadays; once we hit 1.0 we will be committing to backwards compatibility. Alternatives to C++ are not universally slow for browser engines. I have first-hand experience here :) Rust definitely has Android support planned. The first two examples you gave are very different. The compiler ensures that you don't forget to check the null case when using the Maybe monad, while you can forget to handle the null value and get a NullPointerException later. Also, the semantics of catching a NullPointerException in a chain of method calls are different from chaining Maybe results together. If any of the method executions inside raise an unhandled NPE, you'll catch it outside, which is probably not what you wanted to do. Not everyone uses Gmail. It's popular to be sure, especially in Silicon Valley, but overall its market share is not even 50%. Sources: http://www.email-marketing-reports.com/metrics/email-statist... http://www.quora.com/Email-Service-Providers/What-is-the-bre... Error handling is indeed very hard to get right. In Rust we've been experimenting with different mechanisms: * Much of our code uses the Result type for local error handling, which is very similar to the way Haskell handles exceptions with the Error monad. * For long-distance, fatal error handling, Graydon was very influenced by the "crash-only software" paper [1]. There is a `fail` statement which brings down the task permanently with no chance of recovery. (The only code that executes after a `fail` expression is evaluated is the set of destructors attached to the data the task owns.) Of course, other tasks can continue executing and might restart the crashed task. * For long-distance, nonfatal error handling there is a new condition system like Common Lisp's -- you register a handler and that handler gets called whenever an error happens. The handler could tell the function that signaled an error to restart with a new value, to return a value of the handler's choice, or to fail the task (the default in most cases). The hope is that this is a more robust and performant model than the traditional exceptions model, while not being particularly verbose. [1]: https://www.usenix.org/conference/hotos-ix/crash-only-softwa... The Relooper is good enough that the lack of goto isn't an issue in a practical sense these days. Similar reasoning applies to willing your house to your kids (or whoever else) -- that's potentially a lot of value you can transfer when you no longer have housing needs yourself. That's my point. The Relooper does a good job with vast majority of code that you might conceivably want to compile to JS, making the lack of goto not a problem in a practical sense for these compilers. Firefox Sync is written in JS, not C++, so segfaults are unlikely. Chromium has the same code. The point is that the probability that JS code will segfault the browser is dramatically less than the probability that C++ code will segfault the browser. PDF files actually can execute code [1]. In fact, there are not one but two JavaScript engines inside Adobe Reader! [1]: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9219807/using-javascript-... All iOS apps are implemented in OpenGL, since that's what Core Animation wraps. There's no such thing as a language-agnostic bytecode. A bytecode is just a compressed source encoding of some language. "code that you write now will break in subsequent releases." It's not that bad; we're trying to be mostly backwards compatible from here on out. I was hoping that 0.5 would be the backwards-compatible release; it's not, mostly due to the name resolution changes that still aren't done, but it's close. It should not be much work to upgrade your code from 0.5 to 0.6, much less than 0.3 to 0.4 or 0.4 to 0.5. We use LLVM on Windows in Rust. It works OK in general, but the biggest issue is that C++ zero-cost exceptions don't work. We'll have to implement our own workarounds for this at some point. "Second, how did you come to understand the memory model? I consider myself more familiar in both functional programming and memory management than average, but I found the memory model to be a bit of a conceptual hurdle (even though I'm attracted to the approach on a philosophical level). Having such a unique memory model makes it a little tough to simply get started writing code right away." I think that if you understand the smart pointers in C++ (especially C++11) you basically understand the Rust memory model. In C++ terms, Rust has stack-allocated data, std::unique_ptr, and (non-thread-safe) std::shared_ptr built into the language. (There's a thread-safe std::shared_ptr in the library.) We also have a bunch of safety checks to make sure you use the smart pointers correctly, so you can't use non-thread-safe pointers in threaded code, you don't have iterator or reference invalidation, etc. The tricky part is making it accessible to folks not coming from C++, which is an important goal. Any ideas would be much appreciated :) It can, and GCC and MSVC support it (via different mechanisms -- GCC uses DWARF and MSVC uses its own format), but it isn't implemented in LLVM. I assume you're referring to typestate. One of the reasons that typestate was removed is that practically everything you can do with typestate can be done with session types instead. Constraints can be modeled as unique types with a trusted transition function from state to state. The unique type system used for memory management in Rust nicely doubles as a session type system. This is actually done today with the pipes compiler—it uses unique types to statically ensure that you can't violate a communications protocol, just as typestate can. One of our focuses for 1.0 is on aggressively pruning features that overlap, to reduce language complexity and to avoid committing ourselves to language features we might not need. However, future versions of the language might add more static analyses as they prove useful. Just fixed this. I'll see if we can push out a Rust 0.5.1. Probably the best place to look at the moment is this presentation: https://air.mozilla.org/intern-presentation-message-passing-... Say I have a protocol that transitions from A -> B -> C. Since the pipes compiler creates the only constructor for type B, there's no way for you to construct a value of type B (in the safe language) without giving up your one value of type A. The uniqueness typing system prevents you from copying your single value of A, and you must surrender all your references to it at the time you transition to state B. Freestanding, ABI-level interoperability with C is planned for Rust, but is not yet implemented. There are two main reasons why being able to be called with dlsym() was less important for us than the current setup: 1. M:N scheduling. We wanted high scalability with hundreds of thousands or millions of tasks, which means we need the capability to have our own scheduler. OS threads aren't lightweight enough for this, especially on Windows, where over 80% of our Firefox users are. Having our own scheduler means we need our own ABI. We would like to make the scheduler optional, but getting it working was a higher priority than making it optional. 2. Safety. On many platforms (basically, anything but MSVC on Windows), the C stack is not bounds-checked; either there is no guard page or the guard page is unreliable because you can overshoot it. This is not acceptable for our Rust code, since stack overflows are a frequent source of exploitable security vulnerabilities for us. So we do our own stack management with a custom ABI that performs stack checks at every function entry, freeing us from this source of pain on all operating systems. Again, this is planned to be optional, but it was more important at this early stage for us to demonstrate advantages over C than for us to duplicate its ABI exactly. Many libraries, however, would prefer direct interoperability with C to M:N scheduling or stack overflow safety. So we plan to provide a mechanism for Rust code to be called from C without having to set up a scheduler or perform stack checks. It's not implemented yet, but it's very much part of the current design, and I would be thrilled to see it happen. Yet this environment created the iPad and propelled Apple to near-unprecedented success. It's not as simple as that—cutting features is often as important as adding features. Passionate, sure. Insulting, no. To be honest, I think Linux is successful despite Linus' temperament, not because of it. There are many counterexamples of successful open source projects that maintain a respectful tone: WebKit, LLVM, GCC, GNOME, KDE, Perl, etc. "There is no evidence that changing the tone would make it more efficient and more effective, but there's evidence galore that the opposite would happen." What is this evidence? Do you have an example of a project that failed because the tone of its community changed from hostility to politeness? "This gets even more painful when considering the multitude of heaps in your average browser, chrome layers written in Web technologies, and (iirc) Firefox using a non-moving, non-generational GC. Whereas a multi-process browser has a vastly cleaner solution to all of that: it simply disposes of an entire address space (including all fragments and leaks) when it's done with a rendering context." You're overstating the impact of JS here. JS memory is allocated in large "chunks" in Firefox. This minimizes external fragmentation. When a rendering context is destroyed, all of the chunks are immediately destroyed with it; because of compartments, we know that there are no chrome JS objects interspersed with the content JS objects, so we can just destroy these large chunks. So the amount of JS-related fragmentation resulting from closing rendering contexts is minimal in practice. Regarding chrome layers written in Web technologies, this is somewhat orthogonal, since in all browsers chrome allocations stick around for the lifetime of the browser. C++ code has no compaction story, and, unlike JS, it has no reasonable path to achieve compaction in the future. No, this is not true. Until C++ can reason carefully about aliasing, it can't be memory-safe. Iterator invalidation and reference invalidation are the key problems here. Rather than repeat the code examples in detail, I'll link to some earlier examples I've shown: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4724781 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4724421 Basically, they come down to references and iterators not knowing about aliasing, thus being unable to determine when the referent is destroyed. I'm not sure what you're getting at with rvalue references and move semantics. They are quite unsafe. The language does nothing to prevent you from using a moved value after you've moved it. Also, circular references are not a problem in managed languages the same way they are in C++. Managed languages automatically clean up cycles. C++ requires careful use of weak pointers to deal with cycles. I generally prefer Lisp-style ✲dynamic✲ variables. They basically work the same way singletons do, but they can be set and reset at a block-scoped level (great for test mocks and the like, and makes your control flow easier to understand), and they play much better with threads. Rust doesn't even have singletons or global variables, since they aren't threadsafe. It has thread-local storage, which dynamic variables are built on top of. Both good points. Rust doesn't have the problem with execution being suspended, since the only mechanism for suspending execution is through the task system. Thread locals are all per-task. The issue with introspection is fair, and it's a gotcha you have to keep in mind whenever you use dynamic variables. They're necessary to make the task system and condition handler system work under the hood, however, so we can't just remove them. There are many situations in which OS-level primitives such as blocking semaphores are available but userland primitives are not. When implementing libc, for example. Or when implementing a language runtime, or TBB, or boost::thread_pool, or what have you. You're missing the point. What you're really trying to do is statistically correct for "defaultness"; i.e. remove the users who would actually prefer browser X but use browser Y because it's the default. Your methodology isn't a sound way of doing that, because it also excludes users who use the default browser on their operating system because they prefer it to all others . To be sound, your methodology would need a way to not count the former users while leaving the latter users intact. Supposedly an unreleased version of the GHC Haskell compiler had this feature first: https://twitter.com/bos31337/status/116372971509121025 Cost savings, most likely. Supporting saving in the SNES era required a physical battery in the cartridge. Passwords were rarer in the SNES days than in the NES days, but there were still several developers who figured they'd save a few bucks by omitting the battery-backed memory. In my experience the legibility cost is more than outweighed by the fact that Option is only used in a small set of places, rather than implicitly used everywhere as with nullable references. Because it's only used in a few places, the use of `.isDefined()` or pattern matching stands out and actually helps to make the reader aware of where computations could fail. To be fair, Java does escape analysis for this too. This isn't a difference between Java and Go. Making unused variables and code formatting issues into errors was considered and rejected for Rust. The reason is that much of debugging consists of commenting out pieces of code and rebuilding. Often this results in variables becoming unused and formatting becoming messed up. I've worked with systems that threw errors here (FxCop), and it was terribly inconvenient in practice. I think the optimum is just a loud set of warnings, a community expectation that all code be warning-free, and a pretty printer included with the language to get the ecosystem to standardize on a style. You may like Rust (disclaimer: I work on Rust). You get the choice of manual or automatic memory management, but no matter which you choose you don't sacrifice safety. The language is simpler than C++ but can be about as fast as idiomatic C++ and supports a bunch of higher-level features like closures and generics. Binary search trees cannot be implemented in 5 (reasonably-wide) lines of C. What do you feel is too complex about Rust? The region system is obviously a source of complexity. But I feel as though sacrificing safety at compile time in the name of simplicity just leads to complexity later—you either pay the complexity tax at compile time, or you transfer the complexity of correct memory management to runtime, resulting in sessions sitting in front of gdb or valgrind. A lot of these issues are equally applicable to integer overflow (termination of loops and the "real web application disaster"). As a result, this is a deeper issue that extends beyond JavaScript into most languages—in general, programmers have to be aware that numbers in the runtime model of a language may not always work like you would expect theoretical, mathematical numbers to work. Of course, floating point imprecision results in more surprising behaviors than integer overflow on the whole, but the danger is still there no matter what language you use (not counting the languages with full numeric towers, like Scheme). Using blocks for looping (i.e. using callbacks) is actually a great feature. See Oleg Kiselyov's spirited defense of callbacks (as opposed to iterator objects) here: http://okmij.org/ftp/papers/LL3-collections-enumerators.txt The fact that `break`, `next`, and `return` work the way they do in blocks is a remarkable simplification; it turns a set of constructs that work only on loops into functional constructs that work on functions, broadening their usefulness. Initializing variables to zero doesn't buy you much in terms of safety, IMHO. The value 0 isn't necessarily any more valid than an arbitrary value. Better is Java/ML/Haskell's rule whereby variables must be explicitly initialized before use. This can be implemented with a simple compiler pass. Iterators don't protect against iterator invalidation due to e.g. emptying a vector while you iterate over it. Accessing elements through an invalidated iterator is undefined behavior and can lead to exploitable security vulnerabilities. Even modern C++ has very unsafe parts. "JavaScript does not encourage the use of pure functions." Neither does Lisp. "It does not encourage the use of recursion." Neither does Lisp. (Common Lisp has no tail recursion in the spec.) "It does not encourage immutability." Neither does Lisp. (Actually, ES5 does have pretty powerful primitives for immutability, Object.freeze for example.) "It does not have a robust, sensible type system." If you mean static typing, neither does Lisp. "It does not encourage currying." Neither does Lisp. NaCl is not needed for that. Embedding CPython into the browser has been done for some time now with Emscripten. Here's a demo: http://syntensity.com/static/python.html This has the advantage over NaCl that it works in all browsers, not just Chrome. It's also portable. Defaults and named args don't really work that well with currying. OCaml ended up adding them as a separate feature (so functions are now sorta-curried, sorta-not in OCaml). Not that currying is a bad thing, of course. For the right functional combinators (map, reduce, etc.) currying can be put to very elegant use. Unhandled exceptions can't be exploited in general, because they safely unwind the stack and terminate the application. This crash is just an unhandled exception. By contrast, a segfault (at an address other than NULL) would be more interesting from a security perspective. I wouldn't have such faith in address space layout randomization. It's an excellent protection, but it makes addresses of code into security-sensitive information; for it to be effective you'll always have to work to prevent leaks of code addresses. And shameless plug: Rust is designed to be the solution to exactly this sort of thing. The compiler is designed to prove that you can't have pointers into memory that you freed. Obviously, Rust code has to integrate with native libraries, and there can still be bugs there, but it should reduce the attack surface considerably. Rust provides safe manual memory management. Yes, you can write code without ever using the GC. You have to opt-in to use the GC by using the GC'd types, which are not the default. Rust never implicitly promotes anything to the garbage collected heap. There's a compiler lint mode you can turn on that verifies that you don't ever use the GC. Allocation and freeing can be done manually, using unique pointer types (like std::unique_ptr in C++, except the compiler verifies that it's safe). Most C dialects (for example, GCC and Clang) provide some form of explicit inline qualifier that forces inlining, for example "attribute((always_inline))". It's a side project. We're shooting for the end of the year. No guarantees of course. It's very early. You're right that it supports only the very basic functionality. You're right, it's a silly statement. Because you don't need to run more than 60 frames per second, you won't start seeing performance degradation over native until you hit, say, 10X slower than optimized C. What I was getting is that I think turning off the frame limiter and counting how many frames run in, say, 10 seconds would be a nice benchmark of compiler optimization. "Javascript is an interpreted language" Huh? JavaScript JITs have been around for 4 years now. Interesting that you mention JS, because the two major browsers running WebKit have totally different JS engines. WebKit maintainers are opposed to replacing JavaScript. See: https://lists.webkit.org/pipermail/webkit-dev/2011-December/... Increasingly, jQuery is not just an implementation, but is rather an API. That's why we're seeing the rise of alternatives like zepto.js that match the jQuery API de-facto standard but are implemented better (smaller, dropping IE6 compatibility). Replace "jQuery API" with "Web API" and this actually argues against John's point. Multiple implementations are better for everyone. "If Mozilla were to switch to WebKit, rewrite its DOM implementation to be 20x faster, and then release that -- that would be absolutely stupendous!" Rewriting WebKit's DOM implementation to be 20x faster wouldn't be possible without rewriting WebKit. The DOM implementation is one of the most central parts of any rendering engine. We're working on doing that (Servo), but not by building on top of WebKit for precisely this reason. "Much in the same way that the Chrome team created a new JavaScript engine that was much faster than Safari's JS engine." They did that by replacing JavaScriptCore wholesale , rather than building on top of it. This was only possible because JavaScript is a standard, not defined by JavaScriptCore's implementation. If JSC had had a monopoly and the Web started relying on JSC's quirks, then V8 might never have happened. "Is it a bad thing that AIX and Solaris fell by the wayside in a rush to Linux? I don't think so." Note that Solaris innovated with ZFS, which helped spur Linux to implement btrfs. Competition matters, even in OS kernels. At least as far as I'm concerned, it's that that implementation is (a) written in a very unsafe language (C++); (b) is not particularly amenable to multicore CPUs without major rewriting. There are 64 bit versions of Firefox available for Mac and Linux. What would a standardized bytecode bring to the table over asm.js? To me the choice is between more convenient encoding format for the bytecode and backwards compatibility with all browsers, and going with the latter sounds eminently reasonable to me. The x86 bytecode encoding is really ugly too (look at those one-byte-long binary coded decimal instructions), but the survival characteristics of backwards compatibility are undisputed... "on top of which implementors will have to invest even more time and complex effort in providing quality implementations." It is actually quite easy to implement asm.js; you just carve a "native mode" out of the VM infrastructure that already exists. Much easier than inventing a full-stack VM from scratch. "If what you care about is compatibility with Apple/MS browsers, then generate JavaScript from your intermediate bitcode/bytecode" Which is precisely what the Mozilla Emscripten project does. "In many respects asm.js is an admission of defeat" Going with a worse-is-better solution for the purposes of backwards compatibility is always an admission of defeat. But it's a very practical one. It's an admission of defeat that has made Intel and Microsoft billions, for example. "while still being able to claim that it is JavaScript." But it is JavaScript. The ECMA-262 spec says how to interpret it. "That could be achieved by generating JS from the bytecode, which would turn the problem into a temporary one that disappears as browsers are updated, instead of yet another time and resource draining wart on the web platform." And then Web developers have to ship two binaries. Foisting the problem of backwards compatibility onto Web developers for the sake of making a nicer bytecode parser doesn't seem like a win to me. "In the earlier days of Java, a common refrain was that the JVM could get better-than-native performance because it could make runtime decisions about JIT optimization. In reality, the complexity of performing this task generally outweighs the benefits compared to native code, and the JVM hasn't really succeeded outside of specific micro-optimizations. As a whole, the JVM is still slower than most native code." The JVM is a much higher-level bytecode than asm.js; asm.js is essentially just a JS encoding of LLVM. To name just one example, the JVM's memory model is composed of garbage-collected objects, while asm.js' memory model is a heap and stack as a linear array of bytes. There's a world of difference between the JVM intermediate language and the LLVM/asm.js intermediate language. The idea that the LLVM intermediate language cannot be compiled into something as efficient as native code is trivially disproven by the fact that this is how clang works: it compiles to LLVM IR and then to native code. "You are aware that Mono AOT compiles C#, correct? As does RubyMotion. JIT is not strictly necessary here." Polymorphic inline caching, essential for performance of dynamic languages, requires self-modifying code. It's basically a way to ship native code on the Web that's compatible with existing browsers, with the same performance as native code in engines with full support for it. (Getting to complete parity with native code will take time, but the language has been carefully designed to allow that — and we're close already.) Because backwards compatibility is really important. x86, the Windows API, TCP, IPv4, and Unix (compared to Plan 9) are all examples of things that are full of cruft, but they persist because they have the right survival characteristics. Besides, all it really comes down to is that the bytecode format has a weird encoding when sent over the wire. That's OK. You can view it as isomorphic to a format with a more natural encoding if you'd like; such a "disassembler" would be trivial to write. "I work on GWT, and asm.js as an output target is very interesting to me (I've worked on a number of performance Web games using it, GwtQuake, AngryBirds, etc), but the starting assumption is GC, so I want to leverage non-boxed numerics, and all of the other nice stuff, but don't want to stuff everything into a TypedArray." I'll let dherman elaborate in more detail, but he is working on it. :) "The spec seems to argue that Browser VMs could recognize asm.js and if I read between the lines, employ snapshoting the app and caching it for later quick startup?" This is really a problem with any portable code delivery format that wants to run compiled code. You either have to stick to native code, in which case you aren't portable, or you have to compile on the client, which adds startup time. Caching of compiled artifacts is going to be necessary in any portable solution, and I don't see any reason off the top of my head why this would be particularly different for asm.js. "Seems like it might be worthwhile for Mozilla to also work on efficient representations of asm.js that minimize this overhead. The usual response is minify + gzip, but it's not a panacea." I agree, and I've talked to Alon about this. I think that it would be an interesting project to develop a format that compresses asm.js down as small as possible. Then you can simply uncompress and eval on the client side to ensure backwards compatibility. "I want my bytecode to look like this: `iadd`, NOT `(a+b)|0`." That isn't enough of a reason to forego backwards compatibility. It is a hack, to be sure. But there are all sorts of suboptimal things that we deal with in order to make sure that technologies survive in the real world. Especially when it's really just a question of what the encoding looks like, which is not something that's that important. (Besides, it turns out that making a multi-language VM that performs as well as a custom VM for dynamic languages is an unsolved problem. Many language implementers, Mike Pall of LuaJIT fame for example, don't believe in it. The closest thing is probably PyPy...) The author's specific concern there is about control over memory layout. In that regard asm.js should stack up well, because its memory model is a large linear array of bytes. It's hard to imagine more fine-grained control than that, except if perhaps mmap() and munmap() were supported. "This seems like a bit of a stretch; how do you encode an indirect branch in JS?" asm.js has a switch instruction to cover most uses of indirect branches. First-class function pointers are being worked on for a future version of the spec. So this should cover the vast majority of use cases of indirect branching. If this is not enough, I could imagine an extension of JavaScript to support e.g. first-class labels. (Note that LLVM did not support first-class labels for a long time, and of course portable C does not.) "Making it safe will require performance compromises, like guards on loads and stores." Naturally, but this is also the case with NaCl or PNaCl, unless NaCl drops all of its software fault isolation techniques and starts relying solely on the OS sandbox. I suppose in theory one could compile asm.js in this way if it was really desired. The entry and exit points from asm.js to the DOM are fairly well defined, so in theory one could IPC them as well. I'm personally skeptical that asm.js adds much more security risk over the JavaScript JIT that already must exist, however; the semantics of asm.js are extremely simple even compared to LLVM (as asm.js is untyped), much less the full semantics of JavaScript. This is coming in ES6, with Proxies. We aren't talking 10x slowdown anyhow—asm.js slowdown is more like 2x, and that's just version 1. Opera is basing its new browser on Chromium specifically, not just WebKit. Browser rendering engine skills directly translate to native front-end development skills, especially on mobile. Not to mention that writing an engine makes you an expert in the performance model pertaining to Web development—instead of having to guess how CSS properties perform like most people do, you just know . Does being a MySQL hacker make you unqualified for Web app backend code or database administration? I don't think so. "Most browsers have hardware accelerated rendering of 2d canvases." Actually, you'd be surprised. For most users all the rendering is done on the CPU. The major exceptions are IE and Firefox (with non-blacklisted drivers) on Windows Vista or newer. You're probably right. I was under the impression that Chrome wasn't shipping Skia GL on desktop yet, but my info could be way out of date; I haven't checked recently. "It's a very bad target for compilers too." Emscripten is nowhere near the complexity of a SelectionDAG-based LLVM backend. In fact Emscripten is mostly written in JavaScript. The only comparatively tricky part is the Relooper, which is just a few pages of code. "Guys should just get their stuff together and write a reasonable bytecode format for browsers that is fast to read and verify." A nice-looking bytecode doesn't seem worth the loss of backwards compatibility. The encoding is ugly, but compatibility with existing browsers seems like such a huge win for something that really just amounts to a different encoding. "Would also save quite a bit of transfer." The effect on download size is minimal actually, compared to native code. And compared to gzipped LLVM bitcode, gzipped asm.js is tiny. http://mozakai.blogspot.com/2011/11/code-size-when-compiling... Well, if you're interested in compiling to something that runs in all browsers, you have to compile to JavaScript anyway. Given that, asm.js is strictly an improvement over the current state of affairs: the rails to stay on for high performance are well defined and (hopefully eventually) cross-browser. The alternative is to try to make a clean break from the past and forego backwards compatibility in the name of a cleaner encoding, so that compiler authors can generate object files with nicer syntax. That sort of thing been tried many times in the history of the Web and usually hasn't ended up succeeding. For example, take XHTML 2: despite the fact that XHTML 2 was hugely cleaner than HTML 4/XHTML 1, it never got any traction and was abandoned by the W3C. At the scale of the Web, practical considerations end up dominating engineering considerations. Algol, Cobol, and Fortran are languages—but new languages are precisely what asm.js enables . "Why not just define a bytecode spec and be done with all of this nonsense?" Because such bytecode would not be backwards compatible. "Defining a simple register or stack based machine and producing bytecode for it would greatly simplify the job of implementers" Let's take as a given that every browser that wants to implement asm.js needs a JavaScript parser (for JS content on the Web) and an asm.js compiler IR. The question, then, is whether it's simpler to write a verifier that simply walks over parse trees or whether it's simpler to write a reader for whatever custom bytecode is defined. I don't think that the verifier is much harder: the JS version of the verifier clocks in at just over 1,000 lines of code [1], which is nothing compared to the size of the VM as a whole. Certainly that 1,000 lines of code doesn't justify breaking backwards compatibility, in my mind. "it would make defining the specification and determining compliance with the standard very straight forward" The specification already more or less exists, and determining compliance is straightforward: 1,000 lines of code for the reference implementation. "it would let us eventually do web programming without being tied to a specific language" asm.js doesn't tie you to a language. On the contrary, it allows you to use alternative languages in order to get better performance than you would if you used normal JavaScript. JS is used as the transport format for backwards compatibility, nothing more. In fact, in SpiderMonkey, asm.js has its own set of IR opcodes (Asm*) that are separate from the JavaScript opcodes. [1]: https://github.com/dherman/asm.js Firefox will soon be doing this, except for Flash. Compared to Python and Ruby, node.js is quite fast by the simple virtue of having a JIT (in the most common implementation anyway; of course there are JITs for Python and Ruby but they aren't the mainline implementation). Shumway is a more direct route to solving this problem than reverse engineering the Pepper API. The Shumway approach has several other advantages too, such as portability and unifying the graphics/audio/JIT stacks of the browser and Flash. Assuming Shumway works out (that's a big assumption, but so is assuming that Pepper could be reverse engineered and shipped), I don't see any technical obstacles to Firefox doing this as well. "AFAICT, the best we've been able to accomplish is to provide a easier path to correctness with decent overall performance." Precisely. Which is why for performance-critical systems code it's important to give the programmer the choice of memory allocation techniques, but to add features to the language to make memory use safer. Garbage collection is great, but occasionally it falls down and programmers have to resort to manual memory pooling. Then it becomes error-prone (use after free, leaks) without type system help such as regions and RAII. This kind of thing is a good reason why a monoculture would be bad for the Web. It's entirely possible that, if WebKit had a monopoly, Web sites would rely on subdomains' space not being counted toward the parent domain's space, and it'd be impossible to fix this bug without breaking the Web. But because we don't have a monoculture and some browsers implemented subdomain limits, Web sites haven't been able to rely on WebKit's behavior. So WebKit will be able to fix the bug without breaking the Web—which is better for WebKit, and better for the Web. Related to this is the importance of deforestation. Some good links: * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deforestation_%28computer_scien... * http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Short_cut_fusion Deforestation is basically eliminating intermediate data structures, which is similar to what the "int(s.split("-", 1)[1])" versus "atoi(strchr(s, '-') + 1)" slides are about. If you consider strings as just lists of characters, then it's basically a deforestation problem: the goal is to eliminate all the intermediate lists of lists that are constructed. (It's something of a peculiar case though, because in order to transform into the C code you need to not only observe that indexing an rvalue via [1] and throwing the rest away means that the list doesn't have to be constructed at all, but you also need to allow strings to share underlying buffer space—the latter optimization isn't deforestation per se.) I don't know if there's been much effort into deforestation optimizations for dynamic languages, but perhaps this is an area that compilers and research should be focusing on more. On another minor note, I do think that the deck is a little too quick to dismiss garbage collection as an irrelevant problem. For most server apps I'm totally willing to believe that GC doesn't matter, but for interactive apps on the client (think touch-sensitive mobile apps and games) where you have to render each frame in under 16 ms, unpredictable latency starts to matter a lot. Background compilation in a separate thread actually works pretty well. IE9 has been shipping it with Chakra for a while, and Firefox is now getting it (and it improved the benchmarks a lot, especially on ARM). Garbage collection is not the only way to achieve safe memory management. "Consider all the embedded applications of WebKit, from game consoles to theme-park kiosks, and the idea of a homogenous, stagnating WebKit monoculture seems even more unlikely." This is attacking a straw man. I'm not worried that WebKit isn't going to continue to improve. I'm more worried that WebKit is going to dominate so much that WebKit's implementation quirks result in de facto standards. Take the HTML Hard Disk Filler from a few days ago: the reason that WebKit can change to fix that bug is that the Web doesn't depend on the semantics that WebKit implemented. If Web sites relied on subdomains' quota not counting toward the parent domain's quota, as WebKit implemented (contrary to the recommendations of the spec), then that security issue would be much harder to fix without breaking sites. "The proliferation of WebKit will be a rising tide that lifts all boats." Assuming that no better engine comes along. If the Web starts to depend on WebKit's implementation, then the Web will basically be defined by this large pile of C++ code, presumably in perpetuity. That might be better in the short term, but it doesn't seem like a good long-term bet. The HTML Hard Disk Filler bug was (and still is) present in all versions of WebKit. LLVM is still fighting GCCisms. (They even had to implement a subset of GCC RTL to compile the inline asm!) The sheer amount of effort they had to go through in order to compile, say, Linux, is incredible. Besides, by your argument, LLVM should never have been started, because they should have contributed to GCC. Yet I'm very glad they did, because LLVM is much more hackable and this flexibility has enabled many new projects, like Emscripten and llvmpipe. I really hope nobody has ever actually asked candidates to write quines. I don't think simplicity is as much of a recipe for language popularity as you claim. Scheme is a very simple language, far simpler than any of the languages you mentioned, yet it doesn't get much use in industry. Standard ML is a simple language, simple enough to be formally specified even. Most computer science students easily pick it up and learn it as part of a compilers course, so it's not that the language is simple in theory but hard to grasp. Lua is a wonderfully simple language, and it's found a good niche in games and configuration, yet it's nowhere near the popularity of its older, more complex sibling JavaScript. On the other hand, C++ is probably the most complex language on the planet and it's hugely popular. PHP is an incredibly complex language—it surprises almost everyone who uses it—and it's extremely popular as well. Language simplicity is just one of many factors influencing a language's success. None of the languages I listed feature purity, immutability, or monads. (Granted, Scheme and Standard ML do express a clear preference for immutability, but you can mutate all you want.) And closures are hardly an uncommon feature at this point, I'd say. Even C++ and PHP have them. Using a pointer adds an extra heap allocation, though. The right thing would be to use a Nullable type and define a custom marshaller once and for all... but Go doesn't have generics, so you can't do that. > If you want to dereference it immediately (as they seem to want to in the post), this isn't really going to affect you. You probably want to pass around a pointer, anyway, so that you're not copying values over each time. Sure, I'm not saying that the extra allocation will always matter . In most cases it won't. My point is just that this type system workaround does cost some performance. For example, a heap-allocated struct that contains two nullable ints using the pointer trick has 3 heap allocations, not one. > Sure you can - that's literally what the NullBool, etc. types do But that has to be done for each type. If you define a custom type Foo and want a nullable version, you have to write the NullFoo boilerplate yourself. This is what generics are for. > Second, this post demonstrates a danger of allowing assignment via '=' evaluate to an expression (granted with less weird precedence rules it wouldn't turn out as bad in this case). I think it's just an issue of precedence. Assignment evaluates to an expression in all Lisps, ML, Haskell, Scala, and Rust, without this issue. Stricter typing can also solve the problem. If assignment evaluates to unit, as it does in ML/Haskell/Scala/Rust to name a few, then the attempt to perform the logical-and operation with unit and bool would throw (in a dynamically typed language) or won't compile (in a statically typed language). Apple gets it right because they cache prerendered textures so aggressively on the GPU. In this regard software rendering versus hardware rendering doesn't really matter much, since actual rendering happens so infrequently. I'm not sure about that. Not using "restrict" properly can lead to extremely hard-to-diagnose errors which can only be resolved by reading the generated assembler. I've seen several C programs that use "restrict" everywhere as a magic "go faster" device without understanding what it means... The automatic conversions in JavaScript and PHP seem pretty harmless by comparison. Slow is not always "totally useless". It just degrades gracefully. Furthermore, the fact that it's based on JS makes the integration with the DOM much easier. The bytecode format is not as big of a deal as you claim. 1,000 lines of code for the verifier. There's nothing intrinsic to JS that forbids having SIMD support. In fact, it's under active discussion... Having two back ends for PNaCl seems suboptimal. Why force all Web developers to generate two bytecode formats because we don't like the way asm.js looks? AOT compilation isn't a panacea. You still have to verify it. So it's not like the NDK could just be adopted to the Web as is. Besides, caching can mitigate the startup costs a lot. Finally, JS has threading, and it could grow shared state threading in the future. This doesn't strike me as that big of an obstacle. Slower is far better than not running at all. Backwards compatibility is how Web technologies (and, for that matter, most technologies--x86 for example) survive. And asm.js' encoding has no impact on the user experience. That's precisely my point. Using a binary bytecode instead of interoperable JS would maybe make the parsing easier, but that doesn't make up for the costs this would burden developers with (not to mention the difficulties with two VMs sharing data and so forth, something which is terribly important but is always glossed over in these conversations). Finally, regarding threads, we're talking about a new proposed standard here. There will always be work to do, since just taking the NDK and putting it on the Web is not an option. PNaCl isn't shipping yet. So the question is whether asm.js presents a shorter, more straightforward path to success than the alternatives. I believe it does. If x86 and ARM become the favored platforms for full speed on the Web, as you've essentially locked the Web into those architectures for all time. Web developers will realistically not optimize the PNaCl solution. I disagree that this is worth the cost. This is not about "a slavish devotion to JavaScript"; your solution is fundamentally opposed to portability. > For the purposes for which asm.js is intended, the code may as well not be running at all, and users will be driven to upgrade their browser. That isn't true. Consider photo filters: you may want to have a photo filter written in asm.js for maximum performance on browsers that support it, but degrades to a suboptimal, but usable, experience on browsers that don't support it. Likewise, consider an asm.js-compiled mobile game: you may want it to be playable on desktops too, whose browsers generally contain enough horsepower to run JS-compiled mobile games at full speed even without special support for asm.js. There are plenty of use cases in which "slower but backwards compatible" is extremely desirable. AAA games are not everything. > If you really want to support backwards compatibility, then make it a secondary target, not the primary one that you saddle yourself with for all time. Again, it's not worth forcing Web developers to compile multiple binaries, when the main difference here is how you parse the bytecode . > asm.js is competing with native, and they're starting out with an intentional disadvantage. PNaCl is starting out with the same disadvantage as asm.js, modulo surface syntax. In fact, asm.js arguably has an advantage over PNaCl. Starting from the JS AST that must be constructed by every browser anyway, the asm.js verifier is a mere 1,216 lines. For comparison, LLVM's BitcodeReader is over 3,000 lines. LLVM's Verifier is over 2,000. "It'll be "fast enough", which is what you're claiming for asm.js's backwards compatibility mode, and PNaCL is a whole heck of a lot faster than that." I haven't seen PNaCl benchmarks. Have you? It is true that the compilers for asm.js are more immature than LLVM at this time, but there's nothing stopping asm.js from reaching that level. Again, it's just syntax . You're complaining about the fact that the code is delivered in a backwards compatible surface syntax and extrapolating that to unfounded assumptions that it must be slow. It's really an absurd claim. > You guys at Mozilla could just target NaCL/PNaCL, contribute asm.js as the second-tier means of pulling IE and Safari along with you, the whole industry moves past the disaster that is JS/DOM/CSS, and everyone is happier. Moving past JS/DOM/CSS is just not possible. Backwards compatibility is how Web technologies survive. There have been many attempts to try to redo the Web from the ground up: XHTML 2.0 for example. They did not succeed. > Developers matter -- but users are why we're all here. It's not as if Apple's users have been hurting because developers have to target multiple variants of ARM and learn a new programming language. And users do not care about the surface syntax of the bytecode. If there were some user-facing advantage to not using JS as the transport format, then sure, it might be worth not using it. But so far I've simply heard "I don't like JavaScript syntax". It's fine that you have that opinion, but it's not worth sacrificing backwards compatibility for it, since it doesn't matter to users . Regarding shipping native ARM and x86 code alongside the fallback mechanism, I've already explained why that won't work: developers won't test against the portable version, so it might as well not exist. The Web will be locked into those hardware architectures for all time. That might be a cheap way to compete with native apps in the short term, but in the long term it is bad for hardware innovation. (For example, consider that, as azakai noted, ARM might not have taken off at all if we had done that early on.) > That's not just surface syntax. As a tool maker, I spend an awful lot of time working on and with things that touch assembly/bytecode as "surface syntax". It matters, a lot, and JavaScript is a TERRIBLE bytecode syntax to have to deal with. It only matters to a small subset of developers. Besides, if you really don't like it, just write a converter that converts it to the mnemonics of your choice. It's really quite trivial. By your logic, we shouldn't gzip executables, because tools have a hard time reading gzipped assembly. But that's a silly argument: you just un-gzip them first. It's the same with asm.js. If your tool has a hard time reading asm.js, convert it to a "real" bytecode first. Additionally, LLVM bitcode isn't really much better from a simplicity standpoint. As I already pointed out, the verifier and bitcode reader for LLVM is much larger than the asm.js verifier. > That said, it's also not the same disadvantage, because PNaCL implementations compile to native code; there's no fallback interpretation mechanism that exhibits the unusable performance profile of asm.js's fallback profile. Yeah. The fallback mechanism is it doesn't run at all . As I already explained, there are applications for which it is much better to actually run, despite reduced performance. And "unusable" really is a stretch. There are many apps written in Emscripten that run just fine in current browsers. Like I already said, AAA games aren't everything. > Sigh. You web guys are completely blinded to the rest of the engineering universe. You actively oppose all attempts to do anything genuinely new, and then say "look! It never works!" I oppose technologies (such as PNaCl) that I feel are worse than alternatives (asm.js). The reason they are worse is that they are not backwards compatible. > The fact that you think no-compromises performance is only the purview of AAA games is exactly why you have no business being an OS vendor. I hope -- for the sale of our industry -- that Apple, Google, and Ubuntu eat Firefox OS' lunch. I never said that no-compromises performance is only the purview of AAA games. I said that for most applications that are not AAA games, running more slowly is better than not running at all. Mozilla has implemented SPDY. Mozilla, Apple, and Microsoft will not implement NaCl and Dart because they feel that they are technically worse than alternatives (asm.js and either ES6 or compiling other languages to JS). The technical problems will ultimately provide a worse experience to end users. For example, NaCl is not portable, meaning that users' apps will not work on all the users' devices like they expect, and PNaCl is not backwards compatible, so the apps won't work on all browsers. Dart threatens to make garbage collection slower because of cross-language cycle collection, which results in a worse experience to end users. Mozilla has every reason to want the Web to evolve. If the Web doesn't evolve and loses to native platforms, Mozilla becomes irrelevant and dies. How is that not incentive? Please file a bug with the contents of about:memory if you find situations in which Firefox uses much more memory than alternative browsers; Firefox is very serious about memory usage these days. You can cc me on the bug if you like to make sure it gets to the right people. I know the interface got upgraded recently, and I've heard good things about the new upgrade—although I don't actually work with Bugzilla on a daily basis, so I don't have first hand experience. Anyhow, you might want to try the new version and see whether it works better for you. Being "kitchen sink" isn't a design goal of Rust. Rather, Rust is a lower-level, safer language. Go is higher-level. Rust strives to be as minimalist as possible without sacrificing the goals of low-level control over memory and C++ performance (optional GC), memory safety, race-free concurrency, and type safety (no null pointers). I think it's a lot less terrifying than writing Ruby extensions in C (which has been the main alternative up to now), because Rust is memory-safe. There's a lot less that can go wrong when you can't scribble on freed memory or jump to undefined addresses outside of designated "unsafe { ... }" blocks. Note that the Gaussian blur function is all safe code—the only unsafe code here is the code to marshal the data structures to and from Ruby. Why is asm.js crazy? "Mozilla is, as far as I can tell, just doing that same overly-idealist thing that Debian and the FSF do, where anything that's not specifically "the best kind of open" (GPLed) is a horrible monstrosity not to be allowed to besmirch the beauty of the web. Meanwhile, I don't expect to see a Photoshop or a Crysis for Firefox OS any time soon ;)" No, Mozilla is pushing asm.js as the solution for Photoshop or Crysis, because it's (IMHO) a technically better solution with better survival characteristics (backwards compatibility) than NaCl. > Anyone (e.g. Mozilla) who disagrees with the fundamentals of the design so thoroughly that they don't want to work with what Google came up with, could create a competitor to NaCl using the same basic idea (native-speed code execution using a pre-checked subset of machine instructions), and their version would have roughly 99% as good a chance of becoming dominant as if NaCl hadn't yet existed. That's exactly what Mozilla is doing: asm.js. Yes, they're generics implemented with C-style pointers under the hood. The use of raw C-style pointers is restricted to designated "unsafe" blocks. It's a conservative analysis, so your program would be in error as a possible attempt to use a moved value. There is a swap operator built into the language, so that specific example would work (I think; I haven't checked the code). The escape hatch is to use the generic "Cell " type in the standard library, which gives you dynamic behavior much like C++11 move semantics. The nice thing about the static analysis, though, is that the checks don't have to be performed at runtime if the compiler can prove that the value is always moved at the end of the block. They don't require the runtime (the "embedding Rust in Ruby" post, for example, uses them), but they do require some implementation of malloc and free. The built-in pointers with special names call out to functions written in Rust to perform the actual allocation (specifically, the functions annotated with lang="malloc"/"free"/"exchange_malloc"/"exchange_free"), so you can customize their behavior in that way. Right now we just call through to the C allocator, but there is a WIP GC written in Rust that does some extra bookkeeping in the allocation function and performs the mark and sweep periodically. But the compiler does know about the built-in smart pointers' semantics in order to perform the reference analysis. For custom smart pointers, you usually have to delimit the scope of a reference yourself with a block. For example: let p = ARC(1024); // atomically reference counted do p.ref |r: &int| { ... do stuff with r ... // The compiler ensures that r cannot leave this // scope... } So custom smart pointers cause some rightward drift. Figuring out how to remove this rightward drift is something I would like to solve in the future, but it'll require some more thought. In any case, it's a case of code being a bit uglier, not a case of loss of flexibility, so building a couple of smart pointers into the language seemed like an acceptable worse-is-better solution for Rust 1.0. You can use Rust references that way to some extent, although the safety check for references will probably prevent you from using it to do what you want in all cases. In general, you need to follow a stack discipline with your references. For example, you can't make a doubly linked list using unique smart pointers and references as the backpointers; the Rust compiler will be unable to prove it safe. (In general, while placing references inside data structures can be done, it requires some knowledge of the how the safety check works—this is where the "lifetime parameters" come in.) The good news is that the Rust compiler does detect and clean up cycles of `@` smart pointers. At the moment, this is done at thread death only. But Graydon is nearly done with a new tracing garbage collector (written in Rust) that correctly detects and cleans up cycles. If you have a slice of a vector (`&[T]`), then you can also move it forward, like pointer arithmetic in C except checked to ensure that you don't overflow the bounds of the vector. Of course, if you have an unsafe pointer, then you can perform raw pointer arithmetic on it as well. You can create references using `&`, although I didn't show it in this overview. It's true. Returning a `~` pointer transfers ownership (so your caller will be responsible for cleaning it up). Right, Rust references are never dangling. But there might end up being true weak references in the standard library, which would be more like a C++ weak pointer. (I'd take a patch for them if anyone needed them, though it's blocked on the GC landing.) Yeah, everyone gets confused here because of Obj-C. We should change the name. See http://mozakai.blogspot.com/2011/11/code-size-when-compiling... Comparable with native after you gzip. Note that this wasn't asm.js, however, just vanilla Emscripten output. asm.js output will be somewhat larger due to the strict type system. Because if you had package A that defined type T, package B that defined method Foo on T and, separately, package C that defined method Foo on T, then B and C could not be linked together. If package D linked against B and C and called Foo(), which Foo() would it call? You don't have to import methods in Go; the compiler just finds them. They're in a per-type namespace and therefore would be vulnerable to collisions. Of course, they could change the language to allow/require you to import methods, but that would add some complexity. On the other hand, you have to import functions, so your example isn't a problem. There is not really a rivalry between Rust and Go; they had different goals and Go is a fantastic language for its goals. For example, Mozilla uses both Rust and Go for different things. I don't see any need for tribalism either. > why would they want to write game code that is distributed to everyone in raw source form? It's not. Asm.js is pretty much just assembly. > If NaCl is capable of reaching 1.1x performance while asm.js is at 2x (and it's not obvious to me within the confines of JS if you can actually do better than 1.5x), people would switch to a browser that supports NaCl (first the hardcore gamers, then the rest of us). NaCl is not portable. asm.js is. You should compare PNaCl and asm.js. > and it's not obvious to me within the confines of JS if you can actually do better than 1.5x Why not? Is there a technical reason? > Numbers are IEEE754 floats and no currently accepted spec provides native 64 bit integers with arithmetic. No, in asm.js, numbers are not always floats. There is a type system that can classify numbers into integers. Native 64 bit integers are being worked on as an extension. Implementing 64-bit integers on top of JavaScript is going to happen. It's far less effort to implement 64-bit integers than to adopt Native Client, and JavaScript needs 64-bit ints anyway—the Node community has been asking for it for a long time, for example. > It's not the first time someone's had environments (sans game) running, see for example Quake3 ( http://media.tojicode.com/q3bsp/ ). Quake 3 was released in 1999. Unreal Engine 3 is a current and top-of-the-line engine for AAA games. > There was a time when Sun was marketing Java and pushing heavily on this idea that it would one day meet or beat C/C++ performance, but it never quite got there after 2 decades (yes, in some circumstances it comes close, in others, it fairs badly). This is totally different. asm.js is just a backwards compatible encoding of a different, much lower-level language. In fact, that lower-level language is in direct correspondence with the intermediate representation of a production-quality C++ compiler (clang)! Sun never tried something like asm.js for Java; rather they claimed that the full language would be as fast as C and C++. > memory, SIMD, layout, threading asm.js gives full control over memory and full control over layout, with the exception of stuff like mmap() and mprotect() and self-modifying code. SIMD is something that RiverTrail/ParallelArray can do. It should be added to asm.js. As for threading, I'm personally in favor of an extension to allow a typed array to be shared between workers, races and all, with some primitives to allow synchronization. Not everybody is OK with this, but I personally believe we aren't likely to get to native performance without it. (Again, this is just my personal opinion; many disagree on whether a racy typed array is necessary.) Apps could feature detect threading and fall back to single-threaded mode for compatibility with non-asm browsers if it's not supported. Regarding the claim that asm.js is "bloated": http://mozakai.blogspot.com/2011/11/code-size-when-compiling... It essentially exposes a load-store architecture, exactly as the assembly language of RISC processors does. There are some minor differences, such as the control structures and an infinite register file, but those aren't really relevant to reverse engineering. (IDA has been able to figure out control structures and local variables for a long time now.) Yes. But note that, even so, there is a large distinction between Java or Dalvik bytecode and asm.js: the memory model of Java and Dalvik bytecode is defined in terms of high-level class types, object instances, and properties, while the memory model of asm.js is a large array, 8 bits wide by X MB long. Naturally, the latter is much lower-level and more difficult to decompile… Personally, as someone who works with LLVM IR on a daily basis, the idea of standardizing LLVM IR as it exists today worries me a lot for several reasons: * Most importantly: LLVM IR is a compiler IR. http://lists.cs.uiuc.edu/pipermail/llvmdev/2011-October/0437... * LLVM IR is really big compared to asm.js. http://mozakai.blogspot.com/2011/11/code-size-when-compiling... * LLVM IR wasn't really designed to be portable. clang bakes lots of architecture-specific stuff into the IR that it generates. It can be hacked around the way PNaCl does by trying to define a "generic" architecture, but it's stretching the architecture beyond what it was intended to do. * LLVM IR is very unstable and continually changes from version to version. If we don't care about backwards compatibility, I would much rather see a bytecode standard done from scratch than PNaCl's approach of trying to use LLVM IR. I know the reason they did it is to use LLVM's code generation backends, but I feel like that could be done without using a large underspecified compiler IR as the transport format. Code caching is being worked on with "FunctionBlob": https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5228935 ParallelArray allows data to be shared without copies. I should qualify my statement with some caveats: * asm.js has a very primitive type system, unlike LLVM bitcode. I think this is better for a distribution format; the complex types make sense for compiler IR optimizations but not so much for distribution after the optimizations are already done. * asm.js doesn't have goto, unlike LLVM bitcode. I'm told that this doesn't seem to matter much in practice, as the Relooper is quite refined now. However, I'm certainly willing to believe that there are some oddly-shaped CFG's that this will hurt. Perhaps JS will need goto. * asm.js doesn't have 64-bit types. This is unquestionably unfortunate, as it will need 64-bit types to achieve native parity. (Of course, JS needs 64-bit types anyway—it's important on the server, for instance.) * asm.js doesn't have SIMD, unlike LLVM which has support for SIMD with its vector types. This will need to be added on to be competitive on some workloads. This is a good opportunity for collaboration between Dart and JS, as Brendan pointed out. Regarding the original post, (and speaking only for myself, not my employer) I actually agree with mraleph to some degree. From an aesthetic point of view I don't like the subset approach as much as anyone. But if V8 doesn't implement asm.js AOT compilation, ignores the "use asm" directive, and achieves the same performance as Odin, then that's actually a good outcome in my mind. At least asm.js will have fulfilled the role of an informal standard that engines and compiler writers alike can agree to target for maximum performance. You can use labeled break and continue for a lot. That said, there is some irreducible control flow that the Relooper falls down on. It's quite rare in practice, though—with if, while, break, continue, labeled break, and labeled continue, the Relooper can reloop nearly all control structures seen in actual code. But, as I mentioned, I'm willing to believe you can come up with a benchmark where you'll need goto. There are degrees of typed-ness. :) What I mean to say is that asm.js has a much weaker type system—in particular, asm.js does not have aggregate or structural types. The only types are numerics. This is in contrast to LLVM's type system, which features structs, arrays, and so forth. This gives the LLVM compiler much more information for important optimizations such as scalar replacement of aggregates, but those optimizations are typically done before asm.js emission. Apps can degrade gracefully by scaling down graphics when they are running on non-asm browsers. This is a feature, not a drawback. Aggregate types for C-like languages tend to bloat the code for no real optimization benefit. See the comparison between LLVM IR and Emscripten-generated JavaScript here: http://mozakai.blogspot.com/2011/11/code-size-when-compiling... (Of course, for GC'd languages, we will need aggregate types.) How do you plan to ensure that authors test and ship working and performant PNaCl binaries if they and their users are always using the native code? Totally different. In all of those cases, the developers have access to devices that run the hardware, and they have economic incentive to target all of those devices. Whereas with your suggestion, developers ship and test native builds for all of the CPUs on the market, plus one extra "portable" version for posterity, one that no immediate customers will ever use (because they'll be using the native versions for their architecture instead). I suspect developers wouldn't even ship the portable version (too much of a pain), browsers won't optimize it (because nobody will use it), and developers won't test it (because nobody will use it). It's like saying that images are no problem for accessibility on the Web, because designers know to use alt text. Of course they know they should , but we all know what the reality is. A backup "portable" version of an app is like alt text in this way. Some developers would do the right thing; many won't, and the Web will be de facto locked in to x86 and ARM forever. Sorry, I should have been clearer: the types are definitely helpful for optimization. For distribution I'm not so sure. The IR-level optimizations where types really help (scalar replacement of aggregates, etc) are already run before the code hits the wire. > I'm not sure why you think oddly shaped CFG's that have goto's would hurt it. At worst, you can always turn oddly shaped CFG's into sanely shaped ones at the cost of code duplication. Very true, I hadn't thought about that. That's a great point. I believe that the Relooper falls back to a large switch statement for irreducible control flow (which is very rare), but it could do code duplication instead. Yes, I would like to spend time in the next release cycle working on compiler performance. To start with, I have a patch that improves performance of translation by 15%. brson and I have been discussing using stage0 LLVM for subsequent stages, so that LLVM itself won't have to be compiled. This should reduce the amount of time required to compile Rust by a lot. The old "self" was a reference type like C++—it behaved like a pointer but wasn't really a pointer (you didn't use * to access it). This was unneeded complexity in the language. It was also not obvious that the implicit self type was immutable. Finally, it let us remove "static" in a few places ("static" methods), reducing noise. It makes type implementations (impl Type { ... }) the same as regular modules, except that you can use "&self" and friends to declare methods. Yeah, it's hard to automate the fixes; most of the things gofix was used for is things like adding semicolons and changing method names. That said, I would definitely welcome a rustfix for the easier changes. This change improves consistency between implementations and modules. `impl MyType { … }` is now just like `mod my_module { … }`, except that you can define methods inside `impl` declarations by including a self parameter. For example: struct MyType { … } impl MyType { pub fn foo() { … } } mod my_module { pub fn foo() { … } } fn main() { MyType::foo(); // works my_module::foo(); // works too } Yes, you can use a freestanding Rust in many domains. Freestanding is still a WIP, but we have examples like embedding Rust in Ruby that work today: http://brson.github.com/2013/03/10/embedding-rust-in-ruby/ The tutorial examples are run as part of the test suite. The tutorial example in question is `let numbers: [int, ..3] = [1, 2, 3];`, which should work. There are several known compiler bugs with any trait types other than `@Trait`. Please do continue to file any bugs you find, though—all crash bugs are bugs that need to be fixed :) "The traditional response to these kind of language imperfections is "better tests, better practices". Otherwise as, Unit Tests solve all problems." The security vulnerabilities found in all browser engines stemming from things like use-after-free suggest otherwise. "For C++, someone would say to use some set of abstractions or static analysis tools that confers additional safety that isn't available in the out-of-the-box language." It's really, really hard. The language works against you at all levels. Type systems are much easier ways to achieve the same result. > If the redesign was using C/C++, they'd likely get the same benefits, just with uglier code. Not with memory safety. Adding memory safety to C++ is incredibly difficult without sacrificing performance—think iterator invalidation. It's a bug. Sorry about that. For now, write the type as `~([int, ..3])`. Runtime performance. This is mostly an LLVM versus GCC thing. Runtime performance is far more important to us than compiler speed—a fast-to-compile Web browser is useless if it loses to existing engines in UX or benchmarks (every cycle counts!)—but we continue to spend time on compiler speed, because it's important for developers. Change the sqrt call to use the sqrtf32() intrinsic. That's the modification we made to make nbody fast. > I have seen something like that already. Let me tell you, you don't want to download 20 MB for some simple web Tetris-clone. http://mozakai.blogspot.com/2011/11/code-size-when-compiling... > asm.js is useless for pretty much any modern language which relies on garbage collection. That is being worked on with the Binary Data spec: http://asmjs.org/faq.html That file is very ugly (it's one of the oldest files in the repository) and does not reflect the current programming style. The indentation is all over the place, the type names are not CamelCased, there isn't enough use of methods—`str::len()` is ugly compared to `"foo".len()`—and so on. (Of course, this isn't an excuse: we sorely need to refactor the compiler.) We actually have partaken in long, long debates about the syntax, and the current syntax is one that everyone seemed to be OK with, modulo a few compromises here and there. Usually people who say Rust looks like line noise are concerned about `@` and `~`. These are there for a reason: they're the Rust versions of the smart pointers `shared_ptr` and `unique_ptr` in C++. Unlike in C++, you have to use them: there is no other way to allocate memory. So `shared_ptr` and `unique_ptr` would be all over the codebase in Rust code if we didn't abbreviate them, and making them one character was the easiest way to do that. I actually think that one of the reasons few people write exception-safe code in C++ is that `shared_ptr` and `unique_ptr` (especially if you don't use `using namespace std;`) are so long that `new` and `delete` end up being more convenient… I added some optimizations to the Rust compiler on my branch, added inlining attributes to match the C version, removed I/O (we have performance problems there that are under active development) and reduced the integer sizes to 32 bit to match the C version more closely (see [1]) and got the time down to within 50%: C version: 0m1.305s Rust version: 0m1.871s I think the remaining time may be attributed to the fact that you used smaller integer widths for the various internal arrays in the C version and larger integer widths in the Rust version. Remember that Rust `int` types are the size of a register (like Go 1.1), so they're 64 bit on x86-64. You can use `i8`, `i16`, etc. for smaller integer widths. Bounds checks may also have some effect; we should add methods to allow them to be avoided. Finally, thanks for trying out Rust. Do you mind if we add this benchmark to our test suite? Edit: Updated the gist to use smaller integer widths, like the C version. Now Rust is within 33% of the C version: C version: 0m1.205s Rust version: 0m1.613s [1]: https://gist.github.com/pcwalton/5327090 Note that we do sibling call optimization per LLVM, and you can use trampolines like Clojure does. Sibling call optimization, most notably, includes all self-calls. This means that calls to the currently executing function in tail position will be tail call optimized, if there are no destructors in scope. The biggest problem here is ABIs: you have to use Pascal calling conventions instead of C calling conventions. It's also difficult when you have destructors: there are not many tail call positions when destructors are in scope. Especially with destructors. Whenever you have a destructor in the frame, you're not in tail-call position. This means that tail-call positions in Rust are going to be few anyway. Yes, I think so. "GCC actually does do TCO in some cases (I'm using 4.5.3, and tail-call elimination occurs with -O2 and higher)." Only sibling call optimization, as cdecl doesn't allow TCO in the general case. Rust will do this too. Yes. As I stated above, the C and C++ optimization is only sibling call optimization, which Rust does too. The most applicable idiom for Rust is to use looping with higher-order functions. Rust code doesn't really favor recursion. Even if we implemented TCO, I doubt it would be idiomatic because destructors reduce the number of tail call positions so dramatically. Yeah, we discussed the possibility of doing this. But we eventually decided that it wasn't worth it due to these issues: * It's surprising behavior for destructors, which can have side effects. C++/D RAII and try/finally in other languages never behave like this. * You can do it yourself, by moving the values-to-be-destructed into the bit bucket with "let _ = ..."; * You still have the ABI issues in that you can't use cdecl and have to use Pascal/stdcall to get TCO. It's a bug. You could write performance critical parts in a safer language, though, such as Rust (disclaimer: I work on Rust). C isn't the only option here. Ew, my audio code. :( I hacked the SDL audio bindings together with no regard to proper Rust idioms; hence the unsafe everywhere. The Go code reads far better. The disassembler is nicer though—it demonstrates macros and traits well. The macros and AddressingMode trait help avoid duplicating the instruction decode logic between the CPU interpreter and disassembler, with no overhead at runtime. On my system that Go program does not seem to be tail call optimized. Look at the memory consumption over time. You aren't seeing an OOM because Go performs stack growth as necessary. It's really GCC 4.2, not LLVM. I used -O2 for GCC and clang and -O (which runs LLVM in -O2 mode) for Rust. Updated the post to mention the options. Edit: Added clang 3.1, trunk 149587. Over 2.9 it has some improvements, some regressions. That's because we announced the language earlier in its lifecycle than did Go, relatively speaking. (Graydon had initial designs for quite some time before development really started, which is why you sometimes hear that the language is older, but development didn't really start until 2009-2010.) We're definitely interested in helping people learn to use the language. Hence the tutorial, Niko's, Brian's, and my blog posts, and so on. Of course, the manual and learning material are in dire need of improvement in many areas; please bear with us, as it's a work in progress. I don't disagree. The documentation needs work. That said, the compiler needs a lot of work as well, as those who have used the language for any amount of time can attest to. Everyone sees the dreaded "internal compiler error" message. Everyone encounters borrow check and code generation bugs. Everyone misses a working package management system and pretty printer. Everyone bemoans the slowness of compilation for small programs. These are things you just didn't see for Go when it was announced--because it was Google-internal then. We intend to fix the documentation before calling it 1.0. But compilers are complex, especially for a language with a rich type system and a nontrivial static analysis built in (the borrow check). There are many things to do, from documentation to bug fixing to feature work (macros and default methods are unfinished) to tooling work. Note, however, that the code examples in the documentation are kept up to date and enforced via the test suite. So there may be inaccuracies in the prose, but we do perform automated quality control as best we can. The problem with libc is twofold: first, reexports don't show up in the docs (bug on file [1]), and secondly, that every module gets a separate page (filed as [2]). You can actually see the signatures for functions if you click through enough, e.g. http://static.rust-lang.org/doc/0.6/core/libc_funcs_posix01_... Having to click through is annoying, though. It would be better to be able to specify that a module and all its submodules should go on one page in the docs. Thanks for the bug report! [1]: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/issues/3537 [2]: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/issues/5952 Huh? If you run with GOMAXPROCS=(some number greater than 1) goroutines will be multiplexed onto multiple OS threads. The use of semicolons and braces was a decision made in the early days to make C++ programmers feel more at home. There are really good arguments both for and against whitespace-oriented syntax. (I actually prefer whitespace-oriented syntax, although I can see the arguments on the other side!) But we had to pick one and disappoint somebody. > I guess part of the issue is, what is the goal of marking code as unsafe? Basically, it's a way to be able to find the unsafe code by grepping for it. It's a mechanism for security auditors to be able to search for the unsafe code and audit it. It also serves as some social pressure to avoid unsafe code. Right. > Rust has three types of pointers, and needs a line-noise character for each of them. `~T` and `@T` were felt to be preferable to `std::unique_ptr ` and `std::shared_ptr `. You really do type them all the time. I would also like it if we could just copy everything, but for implementing a competitive browser this gets really hard really fast. Erlang's actors are not really designed to squeeze every cycle out of the hardware. Incidentally, you can get this model with Rust's `flatpipes` module, which allows you to send data across Rust. We experimented with COW designs in the early days. It seemed pretty hard to implement: hardware MMUs operate on page granularity, not on object granularity, so you need (thread-safe!) guards for all objects. That's pretty tough from a performance point of view. Perhaps it can be done, but it seemed less risky to just use uniqueness. This error can't happen in Rust. If blocks must be braced. It will always be inexact. All dynamic analyses of this type are, because they only observe what the program does as it executes and do not enforce any restrictions. If you want a more guaranteed form of race freedom, you need to constrain what programs can do, either with dynamic restrictions on mutable state sharing (like Erlang or the parallel extensions to JavaScript do) or with a type system strong enough to reason about sharing of data (like Haskell or Rust). You keep showing up in unrelated threads talking about how JavaScript is terrible, even when it isn't remotely relevant to the topic at hand. Case in point: the models of Rust and Go have nothing to do with prototype-based OO. Typeclasses as Rust uses are in fact about as far as you can get from prototype-based OO: they are less dynamic, not more dynamic. There is no virtual dispatch involved at all. Neither Rust nor Go have any support for prototype-based OO. I understand you dislike JavaScript, but would you please stop derailing comment threads that have nothing to do with it? Apologies, I didn't notice that pjmlp posted about JS. > Browser vendors with cross-platform drawing kits just don't invest the same kind of effort into drawing lines and circles. As a result, large areas seem laggy on most browsers, whereas native apps “just work”. (“Are the graphics pre-computed?”) This is incorrect. Firefox and Safari use Core Graphics (Quartz) just as Mac native apps do. Things like lines and circles go through the exact same SSE-accelerated routines. I don't know off the top of my head whether Chrome uses Skia or Core Graphics on the Mac, but either way, its blitting routines use SSE optimizations as well. There's actually a pretty deep connection there. In Firefox, a canvas typically becomes a separate CanvasLayer in the layers stack. The layers implementation in Firefox is very similar to Core Animation—they're composited together using OpenGL (or Direct3D on Windows), animations can happen on the layer tree, scrolling is performed on the layer tree, and so on. No, LLVM's support for precise GC is not great. You can do it, but you have to spill all registers that might contain pointers across all calls, which is a significant performance hit. (Note that GCC is the same way though, as I understand it.) In my opinion, you're usually better off just doing conservative-on-the-stack GC if you're using LLVM. (This is what Rust does.) The basic problem is that LLVM loses the distinction between pointers and integers as soon as it drops into SelectionDAG and later passes. Fixing this would be a lot of work. > If the ref counting is manual or optimized, it doesn't happen after every assignment, only ones which change object ownership. The Rust compiler does this. Even so, 19% of the binary size in rustc is adjusting reference counts. I am not exaggerating this. One-fifth of the code in the binary is sitting there wasted adjusting reference counts. This is much of the reason we're moving to tracing garbage collection. All of those optimizations that you're talking about (for example, packing reference counts into the class pointer) will make adjusting reference counts take even more code size. > As for not allowing cycles, I consider that a feature. The headache of memory management doesn't go away with GC. The fact that memory management is still an issue doesn't mean that we shouldn't make it work as well as we can. In large software projects, cycles are a persistent issue. Gecko had to add a backup cycle collector over its reference counting framework, and observed memory usage decreased significantly once it was implemented. D doesn't have two competing libraries anymore. There's just one, Phobos. Regarding Rust, Rust has lightweight green threads just like Go does. (Go's scheduler is currently more mature though.) They're delayed to C++17. C++14 is an incremental release only. Quoting Ian Lance Taylor: "Ultimately, though, it sounds like you want a language which has no garbage collection, and Go is not that language. Language constructs will allocate memory in ways that are not immediately obvious, so there is no reasonable way for a Go program to completely manage its own memory." https://groups.google.com/d/msg/golang-nuts/LoJJ1bICduA/AQFt... Of course you can write memory pools and free lists—you can write them in any language—but, like other languages, the GC will still trace them during mark time and there is no safety provided by the language if you return an object to the pool that's still in use, or leak objects by forgetting to reuse them, and so on. The fact is that programming in Go, for all practical purposes, requires using a garbage collector. I don't see how to easily implement a garbage collector in a language that doesn't let you precisely control garbage collected allocations (i.e. making all GC allocations immediately apparent and visible, instead of using escape analysis), for the same heap you're allocating into. You'd have to reason very carefully about the colors of your objects in order to ensure correctness in the presence of allocating into the same heap you're in the process of marking or sweeping or copying. (This is not the same problem as incremental collection—with incremental collection you can count on barriers to handle it for you.) I wouldn't be surprised if it's doable with some really clever tricks, but it doesn't seem worth it in terms of maintainability. Just use C or C++. I've heard conflicting things here. I was under the impression that Go was not memory safe while mutating maps without synchronization. For example, these articles allude to possible memory corruption: http://golang.org/doc/articles/race_detector.html "memory corruption" http://golang.org/doc/faq#atomic_maps http://talks.golang.org/2012/splash.article "Go is not purely memory safe in the presence of concurrency." The point isn't that you can't do unsafe pointer fiddling in Go—of course you can. The issue is that you don't have direct control over heap allocation. The language will heap allocate for you in ways that are not obvious. It is actually not as bad as you would think. Much better than LLVM, in fact. http://mozakai.blogspot.com/2011/11/code-size-when-compiling... The issue, as Ian pointed out, is that it's hard to pinpoint when GC allocations occur. Language constructs allocate in ways that are not immediately obvious. Awesome article. I definitely agree that parallelism and concurrency require different approaches, and one is not superior to the other. In Rust we've known for a long time that success in Servo will require many different parallel approaches, not just message passing between actors—for example, parallel layout requires performing multiple tree traversals on heterogeneous, garbage-collected doubly-linked trees, which seems all but impossible to do efficiently in a message passing environment. We have plans to add safe, race-free support for parallel loops to Rust, in the same vein as the Parallel JS (River Trail) work. There is a prototype of the ideas in the par module: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/blob/incoming/src/libstd/par... Rust's type system is designed to enable safe parallel computation. The idea is to use uniqueness, lifetimes, and bounds on closures to achieve this: uniqueness is used to ensure that there's no way to sneak in and access the data structure you're operating on in a racy way, lifetimes are used to ensure that data in a parallel loop cannot leak outside the loop, and bounds on closures are used to ensure that closures can't capture mutable data and race on it. Finally, one nit: "Rust won't let you share memory unless it's immutable." isn't quite accurate. There is a reader-writer lock type in the standard library, which lets you share mutable data, but uses lifetimes to make sure you take a lock on it. (You have to take a lock on the whole structure at a time, to avoid the bank account problem you described.) We haven't used it much though, because we try to avoid such heavyweight locks in performance-sensitive code.