That really only applies to the file/script accessing the map. If you're using .hosts files and mod_rewrite, you can just interpret /country/city/panorama-name as parameters and call the maps API from a central script located in the root. I like it a lot. A couple of critiques: - I had to look for what the app was. Yeah, the explanation is on the right, at the top of the sidebar, but I'd almost like to see it above the google map on the page. - I'm not terribly keen on the font choices throughout the page... specifically what's bothering me is the character spacing, most noticeable on the right sidebar. On the whole, I think it's a brilliant idea, and at least to my knowledge, isn't being repeated anywhere else. That said, I'd focus on layout and design, and accentuate the social aspects of the site where I could. Base hosting for an AWS small image (if that's still the correct terminology -- equates to about a 1.8Ghz Xeon with 512Mb RAM or so) is $72.50 a month in machine time. That's to keep the machine running only, not counting bandwidth. Their bandwidth is confusing to me, so I can't really speak to that, and I've only been dealing with me and the machines so far (no users), so I can't speak to how that works out at all. That said, $75 a month or so can get you a small dedicated server in some places that includes a fixed amount of bandwidth, or more predictably priced hosting at slicehost or somewhere similar. If your application doesn't need to scale, then AWS probably doesn't make sense. If you do, then it does. As an AWS noob myself, the only confusion I had were with the very initial setup (in using the keys provided to authenticate and whatnot) -- and in the initial server configuration. The major differences you'll need to be aware of are as follows: - The AMI image (basically just a virtual image) is static. You can't save files to this and expect them to exist after a reboot. That took a second to get my head around, after configuring apache and rebooting, wondering where it all went. - Set up your base OS, then save the AMI. It was confusing to me figuring out exactly what needed to go where, and remapping my server between 'fixed' and 'dynamic' content and making sure that they were in appropriate places. This includes your web server configurations, disk mounts, /var/ directories, etc. User generated data, SQL data, and (probably) your website data will be stored on either an elastic block or to an S3 bucket. The important thing to note here is that you configure your OS to look how you want it to be every time you wipe it clean. Perhaps you put your web application on it, perhaps you don't. I could see using AMIs as a sort of version control for your apps, but I don't know your use case. - The elastic IPs threw me. Don't release them on production instances. lol. Effectively, it maps an IP address to your machine virtually, which means it can be moved around. Your DNS points at the EIP which can be a single apache instance, or later, a load balancer -- all configurable within a couple minutes. Other than that, it took me less than $10 worth of AWS resources to configure a couple servers, deploy my app and get it configured to how it would be in the real world if I were to migrate, so you should definitely check it out. There's no major upfront commitment like there is with dedicated hosting, so there's really no excuse not to familiarize yourself with it. Also, you definitely want the elasticfox plugin if you're going to do anything with it. I'd point you at the following resources, which got me up and running within a few hours. - ElasticFox Plugin - http://developer.amazonwebservices.com/connect/entry.jspa?ex... - ElasticFox Owner's Manual (PDF) - http://ec2-downloads.s3.amazonaws.com/elasticfox-owners-manu... - Configuring MySQL to use ElasticBlock storage - http://developer.amazonwebservices.com/connect/entry.jspa?ex... Ah yes. Thanks for the clarification on the numbers, yours sound more right (and more generous), and do a fair job of making AWS services even more competitive than I'd thought they were. I remember discussing with a friend of mine who, at the time, was a recent hiree to Boeing. After a few months(!) of introduction and systems learning, he was tasked with writing a small portion of code. I don't remember the specifics, but it was a very specific task (e.g., "write code to display the fuel level in liters.) After a day or so, he turned in his code (something like 30 lines) and was chastised for having done too much. "What are you trying to kill people?!?" Turns out the regular output of their developers was something like 5-10 lines of code per day, and only certain days of the week. Finished products were peer reviewed before being QAd. At the time, I was just learning early Ruby, and getting used to the concepts of rapid development, and it seemed so strange. Of course, if my webapp breaks, there aren't any lives on the line. I suspect that the draw of LiveJournal is very similar to the initial draw of AIM, Y!IM or MSN. People tend to go where there friends are. I don't care how much better or more open Google Talk is, if all my friends are on AIM, it doesn't help me (hypothetically speaking since I can now use GTalk to talk on AIM.) Another thing to consider is that LJ does do a decent job of aggregating 'friendfeeds' from other LJers (and has been doing this since well before Twitter or FriendFeed existed), so it's really easy to look, at a glance, at what my friends are up to, which isn't so easy from an out of the box Wordpress. That said, as a long time user, I agree that LJ does suck, and has iterated at a snail-like pace, but it serves a purpose, and has some non-obvious features that make it better than some of its more flashy competitors. While I agree with that statement in general, LiveJournal has a much stronger network effect than Wordpress does, in my experience. Of course, I've never used the wordpress hosted blogs, so I could be completely wrong, but at least with an out of the box wordpress installation, there's no immediate way to check in on your friends, or see who you're friends with, etc. LJ offers these services in a fairly straightforward fashion. There's something already out there similar to this, at ShouldExist.org (currently down for redesign.) Might be some duplication of effort, or an opportunity to strike while the iron is hot -- depending on your point of view. That's a good idea, and one I've actually kind of piddled around with, however, I have the nagging feeling that it isn't the costs themselves that are egregious, but the diagnosis. Example: I take my car in for a squealing noise it makes. Obviously, I'm not going to pay $3000 for a belt replacement, but I have no assurance that the "Miscalibrated Magnetostat" isn't the correct diagnosis. I'm willing to pay $3000 for a magnetostat recalibration, and the going rate may well be $3k, but all the mechanic really does is replace a belt. Though, saying it out loud, perhaps I should just implement some kind of rating system for mechanics as well. I upvoted to offset your downvote. That said, I think there's an android app I saw recently on the market that does this. I'll install it later and see how closely it compares to the features mentioned. After an initial download, and about 10 minutes worth of testing, I have concluded that the Android Market "Shopping List" app sucks. It's a decent first attempt at a shopping list app, but it has (basically) two features -- add items to the list, and check items as done. The checking of items as done doesn't throw them to the bottom of the list or do anything other than put a check next to them. I think that for the average enterprise user, sticking RSS feeds into their lifeblood (read: Outlook/Email) makes the most amount of sense. Most executives / desk jockeys spend a lot of their time there, and I would suspect an equal sort of treatment is applied to their email as it is to RSS feeds. As a point of opinion, I would posit that lack of integration into other common office applications is a barrier to entry to applications soliciting the enterprise space. So, the popular theorem is that programmers who have been working for any amount of time already have the makings of their own frameworks. They've already written code to connect to or abstract a database. They've already written their authentication pieces. They've already written (or are using) something like Smarty for 'views' or display data. For many developers who toil in the same language all the time, or who have spent many hours in whatever language they're currently in, that's the case. For me, I avoid Rails because it makes me feel like a failure. ActiveRecord, for one reason or another, hates me. I like Rails, and I like the Framework concept (however limiting it might be) -- because I feel that it gets you started more quickly. At the end of any significant project, I feel like you will have likely massaged enough elements of the framework to make it work for you that it's hardly recognizable, but it still got you something to show people that much faster. That said, ActiveRecord is the showstopper for me in Rails. It seems like I've either never properly wrapped my head around it, or there are fairly low limits to what you can do, or I'm doing everything wrong. What that's always meant for me is that instead of using ActiveRecord to its fullest, I'm building SQL queries manually. And if I'm deviating from the framework's toolset, why am I using this framework in the first place. This is NOT a knock on Rails, I'm probably just doing it wrong. Rails and I can still be friends... just not in that way. I've always liked the 'middle ground' that Zend offers, in that it abstracts away the connection and handle, and gives me a convenient place to start building the model code. It's not 100%, but it doesn't make me feel guilty in the morning either. Yes, they are. Or their footer and about pages are eerily misleading. I dunno. If it scales, I'd consider myself lucky to find something with a similar return. I suspect the real discriminator in that is the inability to serve adds to an SMB share. Just speculating, but the "some reason" you speak of may have been for private or friends-only articles. Unless everything you published was visible to the googlebots, you were pretty much screwed when JournalSpace went away. :'( Looks like somebody's bought it now though, and hopefully have designs on getting it going again. I meant to follow the auction more closely, but does anybody know what it actually sold for? But but but.... DAMNIT, my backups are ON THE CLOUD!!! Javascript tag? Who's going to spend the 82 hours it takes to make write a piece of javascript that works on IE6? ;-) As a recent Django convert, I think that'd be insanely useful. Shoot me a line if you'd like some assistance (barry.meltonATgmail) Having played around with a few of the pluggables recently, are their standards for block areas? E.g., in some of the pluggables I've used, they use "TITLE" for the HTML page title element, while some have used "PAGETITLE" and another used "HEADTITLE". Fall behind in what sense? Obviously, if the multimedia content isn't transcribed quickly enough, then that makes sense, but I would also guess less consequential than if a given page weren't transformed from 'marked up' to 'text', but in the latter case, if the backend is dynamic, and just changing the output format, why would it fall behind? They're considered munitions by government employees, because of the encryption keys they're loaded with. Government employees have to 'check them in' and out like their service weapon, and aside from the encryption, don't really do anything special. Oh, and they sell for something like $10,000. In this particular form, it's probably not very useful at all -- but identifying edges, or extracting 'foreground' images from 'background' images automatically with clean edges is something that would be ridiculously useful for videography, photo editing, or just graphic design in general. Furthermore, if you advance the technology to being able to scan a photo of, say, an airport lobby, break each component into layers, and then perform shape identification on each of the identified pieces, you've got left-package detection or weapon identification technologies available to you (potentially.) I work for a government agency, and we have to deal with these from time to time. As to Niels, I wish I was sarcastic, but I wasn't making any of it up. They are 'considered' munitions, and are treated as such, but really, it's just a matter of what happens if the phone got into the wrong hands. They do have a remote kill feature, but that incurs delay, and isn't foolproof. As for the proprietary tapes, that may be true at some agencies, but I've only seen Travan tapes in use in practice. "I would like a special curry box lunch, fried rice, and large bomb." Innocent indeed. I used to be pretty big into Zend. I didn't like ActiveRecord in Ruby, or it always felt too confining, and liked the additional control over my models that Zend gave me. I've recently become a Django convert (not for the pony, that was new to me just now) because the framework just works. I haven't quite worked out the magic required to stand up a Django/MySQL/Apache/Mod_Python server on Windows yet, but it's working perfectly in my VM, so I haven't pursued it very far yet. For what it's worth, I've had good results with the opposite approach. My daughter (now 7) has been allowed to curse as long as she's been allowed to talk. That said, there are boundaries that she understands clearly -- she's not allowed to use curse words at school, for the same reasons I choose not to swear at work. She knows and understands that it isn't an appropriate place to use foul language. At home, she's free to use whatever language crosses her mind. She is also not allowed to curse AT people anywhere, because it's mean. She's a smart, responsible, well adjusted child who rarely uses foul language. Occasionally we'll hear something like "I can't figure out how to work this damn thing," when playing on the Wii, but she doesn't run around like a Tourette's sufferer either. The beautiful mystery of parenting is that neither of us really knows if we're right, and we might not ever. I'm not saying that my way is the right way. It might be, and I suspect that it is for my daughter, but I don't know you or your family. The premise for my ideology focuses around 2 things: 1) I don't want to be a hypocrite. I curse all the time, and while I'm mindful of my tongue in professional / social interactions, I do use foul language, and 2) I was more worried about banishing expletives making them into a forbidden fruit. Man. That's kind of awesome. I guess it's kind of odd that my only gripe is that it doesn't do any sort of screen size detection before displaying. I probably SHOULD complain about the information overload, or the inconsistencies in box sizing or some other silly thing, but I ... I like it. Inexplicable. It's a knee-jerk comparison, and certainly not one that I believe, but when you said "I think you need to stop and reconsider whether this is the appropriate attitude to take toward someone who really does nothing more than write articles and speak at conferences," the retort that came to my mind was "All Hitler did was sign papers and speak at a podium." The point is that despite just writing articles and speaking at conferences, the content of his messages have far more meat than his enactment of them. I'm inclined to disagree. If you view cowardice as avoiding confrontation, I fail to see how blatantly spitting in someone's face meets the criteria. Not so much that programming has given me, but constantly having to come up with analogies to explain highly technical concepts to my non-technical co-workers has invaded my life. "See, your username and password are like a combination lock, where the Kerberos ticket is a key. When you authenticate to the portal, you hand the key to the website, which validates it, and lets you in... but the key is actually in your browser, so it does that all transparently." "A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush." I usually just chuckle when I hear that statement, but oh man does it apply here. Something about the first story doesn't add up, which unfortunately makes me less than sympathetic. I don't see how she planned to go through years of law school with no money. Either she had enough money saved up for living expenses + tuition (in which case, she still should, as she would have saved 3/4 of that,) or she had a scholarship... in which case, she should have stayed enrolled until she found a job. I get that the circumstances MIGHT have been unforeseeable, but Aesop knew it way back in the day, and it really seems like common sense. Oh, and then the followup... "Yes, the key is invisible." So, while I would ordinarily agree that it isn't news, Unfuddle was becoming pretty unusably slow for me (or I've become unusably impatient... take your pick) for awhile now. I know of a couple teams that either moved or were contemplating a move from unfuddle, so maybe this will help keep/regain those users? It's interesting that you feel that way. Perhaps it's me, but when I agree with something, I just kind of nod along quietly, and unless I am in some kind of uber-agreement trance do I usually respond. In fact (and I'll chalk it up to personality flaws) I usually only respond to disagree, or start an argument, or correct a wrong, or basically be objectionable (note, not trolling.) To answer the original question though, I'm motivated more by starting discussion than karma. I guess that I'm usually expecting to be downmodded when I post (no idea why I feel that way, except that I'm new here,) but if I get good discussion as a response, it's totally worth negative karma. You know, I was kind of nodding along with your statement until it hit me that our generation's definition of "living within your means" is likely far different from that of our parents'. My father, if he lost his job, would be fine, probably for a year or better. Perhaps it's our generation, having grown up with credit cards and availability as the norm, but my dad (and definitely his) has always been a 'cash' payment sort of guy. I remember a discussion I had after starting a new job, after having been laid off from my previous one, in which I made the comment that I'm striving to get to 40% savings. He laughed at me, claiming how impractical it was, and how I couldn't afford to live off only 60% of what I made... but having just done so for awhile, I knew the benefit of having a safety net... and I was just lucky before that I found employment before my savings ran out. Mostly offtopic, but I thought I'd share the "NASA Water on Mars" picture for those who hadn't seen it: http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/image/0504/WaterOnMars2_gcc_big.jp... Actually, I think the problem was misreported. It seemed as though google flagged its own interstitial page as malware, as all the search result links showed as " rel="nofollow">http://google.com/search?interstitial= , and THAT page was malware -- unless I'm overlooking something obvious, like the interstitial page is only shown when adware is detected. Regardless, the search engine worked perfectly, it was just the links that weren't working. Simply removing the 'google' part of the URL allowed me to get to the sites just fine. From the linked wiki: "In 2008, Fry's vice president of merchandising and operations, Ausuf Umar Siddiqui, was charged by federal prosecutors in an illegal kick back scheme involving Fry's vendors. The alleged scheme was designed to defraud the company in order to cover Siddiqui's gambling expenses" One of the key things I've found works for us is differentiating what we WANT to have from users vs. what we NEED to have. We used to have a webform that (in summary) asked the user what they wanted to download, how they got there, and how we can contact them later (as sales leads). Conversion ratio was fairly poor, so I refactored the priorities of what we were asking for into 2 forms. The first form consisted of questions we HAD to know the answer to to service the user's request, and the second form consisted of info we wanted from them (name, email, contact info, etc.) So between the first form and the second form, we'd kick off the download for the user (and show a progress meter at the top) -- which got them what they needed immediately, making the site seem faster overall. Plus, since they were waiting for the download to complete anyway, the conversion goals for the information we wanted went way, way up as well. Again, I didn't actually MAKE things faster, in fact, having to fill out 2 forms was significantly slower, but we kept users engaged and let them waste their idle cycles making us happy since we were already accomodating their request. I think the point is that nobody knows, yes? The word you omitted is that you 'claim' to build your ladder to a higher set of standards. As it isn't measured against CSA regulations, or independently verified in any way, then unless we perform rigorous testing ourselves, we have no way of knowing how safe or unsafe we are. Even in the event that we properly test your ladder to the point of breaking, and are satisfied that its breaking strain was significantly great, we have no assurances that the replacement ladder we purchase from you was built to the same high standards as the demo. So, while I agree with your initial arguments that contract law ought to be more enforceable, I think this argument confuses regulation with standards. Under your original argument, your faulty ladder could only get away with the 'CSA approved' lie for so long until it was sued out of existence. If your ladder were superior, one would assume that either word of mouth, market forces, or superior marketing would get you rewarded appropriately. I thought it might be a spoof on Al Gore. :-\ I love Gaiman, and have ever since my first reading of "Sandman", and it's a beautifully written diatribe on the importance of the first amendment, but I've always viewed the issue as more of an encroachment issue first and foremost, and less to do with distrust of the law, though I suppose they're intimately related. I just always feel like any block of censorship pushes the bar inward upon us. And while it's of course natural for people to not want to see the things that disgust them, what censorship does to our rights on the whole is far more disgusting to me. It's intriguing to see the sorts of things that were once banned, or considered 'way too inappropriate' for human consumption... and how some of them have transformed into required reading for education. So I find this interesting in that it flies in the face of a couple common thoughts. The common mantra is to release early, release often. Now I admittedly don't know how often FB is releasing, it seems like the crux of the complaint that they released too early... and the fix isn't to release more often (at least at the author's implication.) Would he honestly rather they hadn't released anything at all? How would you feel if this were your app? I mean, the critiques seem well-formed, I just don't know if it's symptomatic of having waited for fixes that aren't coming or not. There are many American tabloids. The National Enquirer is a staple at every checkout counter, along with others like The Globe, the Star, and Weekly World News. I would say that it depends upon your sense of obligation really, but that there IS no requirement. My personal stance, evolved over the years, basically allows me to do anything short of blocking ads. The cost, I have decided, for accessing ad-supported content is the open-mindedness that while I will subconsciously ignore almost every ad on the web, that I am mentally open to the possibility of being intrigued by an ad enough to click on it. It seldom happens, but not having blocked the ads, the fact that it happens ever gives me a clean conscience. I didn't see a link to the auction, but unless they specifically stated otherwise, how would a buyer know that a school was even associated with the auction. Furthermore, as posted in another comment, it's likely that the buyer didn't suspect anything -- similar to how freecycling is huge on Craigslist -- it's worth me giving it to you for basically free if it means you haul it away. Until I see different, I wouldn't be casting aspersions on the character of the buyer so much as I would on the intelligence of the lister. Wow are you ever right. I just came back to HN to post a similar remark -- it's damn near impossible to read anything outside that box. Or perhaps we're both deficient in some unique way that makes us susceptible to black (or near black) boxes. I recommend why's guide to every non-techie I know who wants to jump into programming. I had an HR friend of mine trying to make sense out of some data, and wanted to contract me to write a really simple script to make some sense out of his flat file data. I didn't have time, and since he wasn't an idiot, I figured he could take it on himself, and gave him a link to the poignant guide, which he claims worked like a charm. Now he's making me justify my salary to him. For people who already know programming concepts, and just need to know syntax and what's different about Ruby from what they already know, I think the poignant guide is the long way there. For this crowd, I understand the bitter reception. So, at the risk of asking a stupid question, does this mean the tag line on the front page ("Multiple datacenters to ensure high availability") is bunk? I use S3, but not JD, so I don't keep up with it much. I thought that when they added Mosso, it was in case S3 went down -- am I misunderstanding how it works? I'll say. I haven't been keeping up with the development, but the improvements to the model layer alone are worth the price of admission. The conditional view processing is another gem, though I'm not sure it'll supplant a real caching engine -- it should at least get wins for those who either opt out of something like memcache, or perhaps haven't gotten around to it yet. Of course, adding it as a supported backend, I can't imagine that happening very often. Thanks for the clarification. There have already been some good answers to this question, but to answer from the asshole's perspective (read: mine,) helping your community is really about helping yourself. Helping a sick neighbor hopefully helps to keep them from dying, which helps keep their house off the market, which helps to preserve your ability to sell -- nobody wants to buy on a street everybody's selling on. Keeping the neighborhood clean preserves your property values, which is easier to see. Looking out for your neighbors, or at least giving them the impression you are, means it's more likely they'll look out for you, which means they're more likely to investigate or call the cops when they see a prowler outside your home. The reputation aspect doesn't really hold water, as a person's reputation doesn't travel that far, even in this global economy. It's real easy to see how a negative hit to someone like Bernie Madoff ruins his career, but he's a high profile individual that many people know on sight. If I started ripping people off, there's nothing to say I couldn't easily mitigate any negative PR by changing names (or on the internet, just changing handles). In more local endeavors, I could make a mint, ruin my name, and just move to another state (or if pressed, another country.) Contract law still bears an important role in accountability, IMHO. In addition to the other link posted, all the RFPs (Request for Proposal) are listed at FBO.gov, browsable by type of work, agency, etc. That said, a lot of it is hard to get into. The list of company requirements for non-special bids is pretty long, and that's BEFORE you get into exclusive work that only 8A, Disabled-Veteran-Owned or Minority-Owned businesses can bid on. It's harder to get a government contract than it is to get a government job (read Federal Wasteland [ http://federalwasteland.blogspot.com/] ) for more on that. If you're really interested, it's probably easiest to find a prime contractor that regularly does business with the government and sub-contract to them. Of course, I'm speaking of federal contracts, and all my experience is with IT. If you're really wanting to clean floors at your local town hall, it's probably outside the scope of what I know. It prompts you to provide your email logins so that it can find friends for you. It's not very prominent, but there's a "skip this step" link on that page. What-is-Qimo.aspx is the URL to the home page. I mean, you can of course play with MIME types and serve arbitrary file extensions, but why would you want your Linux distro to seem as though it was served by IIS? "Uncle Shelby's ABZ Book" Say we can get 10 cents per user per month? 800,000,000 * .1 = 80,000,000 For most smaller scale websites, they are valued at 12-18 months of revenue, meaning Facebook's resale value at about 1,440,000,000. 2 billion isn't that far off the mark given the user base really. Please clarify? While I can totally see you biometrically logging in with your fingerprint or something, I'm having a hard time imagining how I'm going to send an email to that. Driving is fun, to be sure, but there are enough of us that would love to be done with it. I currently commute an hour and a half each way in DC traffic. I LOVE driving, but due to other people, all the fun is taken out of getting to work. If I could hit a button and just 'get there' via auto-pilot while I finished work, that would be ideal (for me). I could turn off auto-pilot, but then there wouldn't be any point. I think that the magic in getting auto-pilot to work in cars is in enforcing that enough other cars on the road are using it too. I truly believe that so long as there are any cars on the same road as you not on auto-pilot, that it will negate most of the benefits for everybody. Regarding human error, I think that most of what you listed would count. The car is a human operated machine, which means that most of the time, wrecks are our fault. Unless the wheel falls off unexpectedly, or the brakes fail, you could pretty much always attribute a failure to the operator -- or the operator of the other car where applicable. I would also not like to be rid of driving as a pastime, but until you do, I'm also not sure that there's any point in automating the driving experience. So while I am sympathetic to your point, the pain of my daily commute is sympathetic to the other. I suspect that it would be easier (though I don't know how practical) to simply zero the exponent for arguments that are getting upvotes. At least then it doesn't penalize the discussions generally accepted as quality. I'm inclined to agree with this assertion, if only for the fact that MS has cycled in and out of browser dominance, historically. What's interesting to me is that IE4 won for all the wrong reasons, and it looks like IE6 failed for all the right ones. It's real easy to see how MS could massively fail or succeed through their acceptance of standards, but I agree that tho they are teetering now, that doesn't necessarily indicate any future position. The obvious answer to that is "probably Mac users, and nobody else." As a non-Mac user (at least lately) -- I'd MUCH rather they work on everything but that, really. And yes, I do realize how selfish that is, but it's probably not that much more selfish than your wants. Your comment reminds me of a group which, I apologize for being vague on the details of, planned to buy as many lottery tickets as needed to have a 1/1 chance of winning. I can't remember if that meant just getting enough individual numbers that their odds "went up" or if they were actually planning to purchase all the possible number combinations. Irrelevant I suppose. Probability math aside, they were able to raise the funds required to purchase the necessary tickets, but were eventually undone in a rather unexpected way... turns out, it's harder to procure 2 million lottery tickets than they had anticipated. The day of, they simply weren't able to get enough tickets to make it happen. I honestly don't remember if they won or lost, but I remember expecting them to fail through having to split the winnings, throwing their math off... as if it weren't already off anyway. Would you be willing to provide more information regarding this? I'm guessing that the interpretation of "Apple-labeled" means "labeled by Apple" and not "labeled WITH Apple labels", but what do I know. As far as I can tell, it's somewhat vague unless that is accepted legal terminology to denote 'something labeled by Apple', so shame on them for writing a less-than-ironclad TOS (if in fact it isn't.) Y'know, I was thinking "right on", until I realized that I'm very used to double-clicking Google maps as a zoom shortcut. So I guess it conforms to the site's general usability theme. Nit-pick-mode enabled: The font in the "Lean. Clean. Agile Machine" are a little aliased. At first I was willing to overlook that, thinking you had embedded fonts, but seeing that it's an image, and a background-matching JPG at that, it could be easily fixed. Otherwise I like the look of the site (though I haven't had much chance to use it yet.) The "Login" and "Password" areas look a bit off. I'd either shrink the text inputs or increase the font on the label. Also, the gold border on focus just sits wrong with me. These are of course, personal opinions, so please confer with others to see if I'm the oddball, but it strikes me as overlooked. Regarding the copy, "a web-based software" also strikes me as off... perhaps replace with "a web-based application?" Also the footer doesn't match the page alignment of everything else. If it were my site, I'd bring the left and right margins in line with the rest of the site, as they're otherwise hard to find. Aside from that, I'll parrot that it needs a "Try it now" type of button somewhere, and you should probably lean down what you're asking for at registration-time. I usually try to restrict registration questions to only the things I really need to make the software work, which is usually less than 5 total questions. Altogether though, it looks solid, and I look forward to playing with it more. By browser, do you mean inbuilt capability, or a web application that does this for you? If it's a browser capability, I think you've missed the point - which is that for kiosk situations, I definitely don't trust the machine I'm on. Even if it's a web application, I don't know that I like giving anybody else my credentials, and especially if it's handled via JavaScript, if I don't trust the machine I'm on, why would I trust it to relay passwords to all my web apps? I think the OpenID approach makes more sense, but what it currently lacks (in addition to broader appeal) is the ability to logoff centrally. I don't want my PC to act as an intermediary to my credentials, and really, I don't want a third party housing my credentials either... I want a third party to handle authentication by providing a trustworthy identity to an app, and it can handle authorization and beyond within itself. A little offtopic, but I would say this is the reason that vigilantly commenting your code is essential, especially for a one man shop. I've learned this the hard way enough times to make it stick to the point now that even when I'm just writing regular, mundane CSS, I make sure to comment in every workaround I write, no matter how routine. It takes longer, but it's worth saving me from myself. For your perusal: http://www.kk.org/thetechnium/archives/2009/04/inevitable_mi... It's fairly easy to do actually, if you're willing to accept the cheat I've used in the past. You can read the input value with Javascript, so if you add an 'unmask password' button, then that button should effectively replace the input type=password with an input type=password and populate it with the values previously stored in the password element. There are a number of ways to do this, but switching out elements was the easiest for me -- of course, browsers have come a long way since that implementation. YMMV. I'm surprised nobody has compared this to google's wave yet. If you haven't, you should go check out the demo -- I'm not for sure yet how much feature overlap there is, but their demo exhibits a wow factor that is undeniable. It's long, but skip around and you're sure to hit on at least some of the important bits: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_UyVmITiYQ Ways I've found that work for pretty quick scaling on EC2 (YMMV, and I'm not that smart or seasoned on it, so don't take this as canon.) You need to have the elastic block storage (or some remotely mountable storage you trust to be up). On this storage, you put things like your database and other dynamic content that you expect to persist through a reboot of the box, which reverts back to its base image. You need to configure a couple of boxes at least, one to act as a load balancer, and another to act as the content provider. For more laden sites than mine, you might also need a separate instance for just the DB. You are going to eat the cost of static IPs for at least a few boxes, but that's pretty cheap. Configure those IPs to be in your load balancer always. They'll fail when they're down, but that shouldn't be an issue. At this point, you can have basically as many boxes available as you have previously allocated, and bringing them online is as simple as turning them on. You could probably use CloudKick to dynamically bring them online, but I haven't really played with it to know. If you need scaling past that allocation, you can bring up more instances (the bottleneck will of course be the DB), and register them with the load balancer as you need. Twitter succeeded in adoption because it required less time investment than a proper blog post; Therefore, if we reduce the time investment for video... ??? Profit? I completely agree. I thought it suspiciously akin to a play against "Sugar CRM", which is a much better name "Hey, did you enter that into Sugar?" If they're playing off a competitor's name, then someone should have coached them about how that practice usually leads to crappy names. That said, it's open source, and might actually give someone the opportunity to perform an experiment I've been toying around with for years: Basically you release an open source product, fork it immediately and change nothing but the name, and see which version performs the best. Think of it like split-testing, but for the entire product. If I incorrectly assumed that you were just trying to differentiate from 'Sugar', then I apologize. It just seemed coincidental given the relatively few players in web-based CRM products (that I know of at least.) Where are those numbers from? Is the freshmeat redesign recent as well? I was on yesterday and, while I hadn't been on in awhile, noticed that I could no longer (in any obvious way) browse by license, which I used to do. I was expecting a commentary on whether or not this was more green, so I was a little shocked seeing the spartan page that awaited. I think it LOOKS a lot better. Without the benefit of commentary from the author, I can't say whether that was his intent or not. From the stills, I can say that it takes a little away from the video, in that it isn't clearly framed as the main content on the page, but I'm guessing that motion video would make that problem go away. As a complete aside, I almost love the lack of commentary from the author. I certainly don't recommend it for every post, but it's almost like blog art, in that the resultant conversation is free-form. I hope this isn't taken as snarky as it sounds when I say it out loud, but in my experience, the average federal employee is the last person I'd expect to be entrepreneurial in the least. And do note that I say that as a federal contractor. I at least googled before asking, but what's the DC equivalent? I was silly, and ran it in chrome. Thank you very much. As a government contractor, I can attest to the complication of process involved in getting work via FAR (Federal Aquisition Regulation) process. It, simply put, is very, very hard. Companies like Lockheed, Boeing, SRA and SAIC literally spend millions to write a contract. There are teams of very experienced people who specialize in FAR contracts and government bids, and if you don't have those people -- good ones bill $600 an hour -- you simply cannot possibly win a contract. In addition to just being able to put together a team of people who can do the work, a team of contract writers who can summarize the work, a sales team who can establish the necessary relationships to sell the work and a contracts management team who can take all of the above input, translate the soft requirements to get what the customer really wants, rationalize that with what they really need, and win the work for the lowest bid, you also have to include unknown entities, You also need to have a certain portion of your team consist of minorities or disabled veterans and such. This is typically done by sub-contracting out portions of the work to Veteran owned or Minority owned businesses. In addition to that, you have to have past performance qualifications within the government sector. Unless you've previously developed a website for a government agency satisfactorily, and are able to get a good review for that work, you don't have the past performance quals to win work to do that work in the future. And through this entire process, you're bidding against Lockheed, Boeing, Northrup Grumman, SAIC, EDS, SRA et al, and they do this every day. That Sunlight couldn't do it really isn't that surprising to me, having done it before as the least experienced member of a very experienced team. Without the necessary guidance, I'd say the process is damn near impossible. I think the point is that if a given site is no more busted than one of the most widely used sites on the internet, the fact that it doesn't validate is a minor concern. I see a lot of conjecture about how secret pricing is or isn't beneficial, but one thing that seems to be overlooked is the complexity of enterprise class pricing. If I call BEA (now Oracle) for a portal, the application stack is modular down to app functions, such that if I want publishing in my portal, there's a publisher module. Document repository is a seperate cost as well. I could buy 'just portal' if I really wanted, but without speaking to a BEA sales rep, in the absence of a LOT of prior experience, I simply can't know WHAT to buy. That said, I've always found the 'per-seat' pricing model to be a pretty effective form of price discrimination. $10 a seat means that the 100 employee company is only paying $1000, but the 30,000 employee company pays $300,000. It's fair(ish), and it's an effective way to scale support costs as well without having to pay per hour or incident. Working my 9 to 5 (which is more like an (8 to 8), and trying to learn Django well enough to start an open source product I think Django makes sense for. Django is fun, and surprisingly productive even while learning, though with little free time it's going slower than I'd like. Interesting. Most of my customers are government, so I guess that's where the difference lies -- they like having a number to point at and say "that's how much it costs". Whether or not it's the cheapest product, it's preferred to ambiguously priced applications. Of course, that's one of the main reasons they invented the GSA I guess. I may be speaking out of turn, since I have no special expertise with either club owners or club lighting, but you might try taking it to the channel to market. If you can find club lighting supply houses (which I am only guessing exist) -- and allow them to make hearty margins, they'll push your software for you as part of their new installs / sales. Again though, I don't know the market or niche, so take this suggestion with LOTS of salt. Heh. I'm probably standing with you, further down the food chain in this thread. That said, everybody started out somewhere, and you're learning. The only advice I can give is to work on an actual project, however small, while learning a new language. It helps me learn ALL of a language, instead of just the tricky bits, and I feel more accomplished when, instead of having just read a book, I actually BUILT something. Chances are the something you built will suck, or at least not be leveraging all the cool stuff you learned later in the book, but it's something. You can either keep playing with it or do nothing else, but if you're in a job interview, and somebody asks if you know "x", you can point them at some code to show exactly how well you do (or don't). I bought my first Les Paul at Guitar Center, so I'm familiar. I think if you could get them to push for you, and maybe MusiciansFriend.com (a similarly sized competitor, a la New Egg vs. Tiger Direct), you'd be in decent shape, distributor-wise. Either way, best of luck. Let us know how it goes. You MIGHT be right, but I do web application development for government, and I was recently surprised when my new laptop was delivered with IE8 on the standard image. For this particular agency, EDS is their GSS provider, so if EDS is incorporating IE8 into their ESA image, I wouldn't expect that it's too far off at other agencies they provide general support services for. Of course, now I've got to make all the apps I've written work in IE6 AND IE8, alongside Firefox, which they're also piloting. I'm pleased at their progress, while staying wary of all the work it's going to bring my way. It's probably 'sensitive' information, as knowledge of the underlying tech gives the bad guys a guide on what to target, or at least that would be the ISSO friendly answer. I don't know of anything that trends across gov, but if you had tie-ins with DOD, they'd probably give you the answer for that, as most of the other agencies I've dealt with sort of fall in line with them. For what it's worth, that sounds nice, and disruptive, but possibly short-lived. Someone recently asked me how I enjoyed using Google Voice, and while I didn't immediately have an answer, after thinking about it, I decided that I liked it mostly because it allowed me to keep my SMS messages in the cloud. Many people use SMS to get actual work done, as I do, and it surprises me that nobody seems to care to back them up (or at least, there doesn't seem to be much in the way of allowing that) -- but Google Voice gets rid of the problem altogether, in that they're only transiently on my phone, and always stored in the Googleplex (deletions are 'archived', similar to Gmail). Where does one get information on these meetups? I'm in MD area, working in NOVA, but this is the first I've heard of it. I didn't mean to imply that google was going to put him out of business, so much as I meant that I think carriers will likely follow Google's lead eventually -- They already have your SMS messages, call logs and voice mail data -- exposing them to the web effectively competes with a large portion of Google's Voice offering, and doesn't require significant overhaul of anything for carriers to implement. Of course, I could be wrong, but my point wasn't that he was sure to fail because he was competing with google as much as I feel things are trending that way already. Besides, it's not like competing with Google is unwinnable either, it's just very, very hard to do. Oh, I read it as if 1 or 2 IS what you want, then you never hear 3. Yes, there is an accelerometer, and it's pretty easy to use. The market share is VERY small at this point, but that also means less competition, likely. The bigger mobile app companies are starting to release Android apps, and it seems like a pretty good time as well, as more carriers are planning to release Android-powered phones. If I am not mistaken, they quit using 'cocaine' in the recipe sometime in the VERY early 1900s, though I believe they're still using coca leaves in the product. I suspect that there are no people who have tasted the original, cocaine-infused Coca-Cola that are still alive today, so I doubt it contributes to its market superiority. If I'm not mistaken, at least Drupal has a module that allows you to host the google analytics JS files on your own server. This would lead me to believe that you can do that sans Drupal, though I've never attempted it (in either fashion actually.) But what good is that if the information isn't deemed reliable? I read, and enjoy TechCrunch for new product announcements and reviews -- almost exclusively, and don't really need it for much else, but if a significant portion of TC's "breaking news" is unreliable, then it may as well not exist. I also don't know if breaking news is as important to readers as it is to journalists, for a number of reasons; Notably, I have a certain number of sites that I peruse per day, and I rely on them for the majority of my daily intake. I don't seek out news, and WSJ and NYT aren't on my reading list, while TC is. I frankly wouldn't know the difference if TC broke something an hour (or even a day) earlier than the next guy. Really though, I think that TC has enough market/mindshare that they should focus much less on breaking sensationalism, and more on reliably reporting news as accurately as they can in the traditionally plain-English fashion that made them famous. Not that big a deal != evil. In a lot of cases (including mine), IT operators are working with zero budget. While there's the obvious argument that upgrading from a free browser to another free browser doesn't cost any money, it does cost time; I work at a federal agency in which their web applications HAVE to work, and unfortunately, many of them were written for IE6. Rewriting those applications to support a new browser isn't free either. In addition that that, there is time spent securing the installation. In the case of IE it's a little easier as I can manage it with policies, but it is absolutely critical that we're following DOD stigs regarding security, and setting up a central policy isn't free. Regarding the PC comment, the laptop I replaced a month ago was a 1.0Ghz Pentium with 512M RAM. This was the upgraded laptop at the time, that I needed for java development. Compiling code with 512M on XP was adventurous. For the last 8 months I had it, the internal LCD had died, most of the keys didn't work, the WiFi radio was completely dead, and the power button would only work if I wiggled the frame and monitor. I made sure to use it on a plugged-in (ethernet network) to bypass the WiFi, plugged into an external monitor to get around the LCD, grabbed an external keyboard to type on, and wiggled it every day to power it on. Before deeming it dead, they replaced the motherboard 3 times and the hard drive twice. I kept using the decrepit old machine because frankly, it was the nicest laptop anyone had on the team. They're refreshing the machines now, but we've only had IE7 in the environment for about a month. I am lucky in that I can use Firefox, but only within the firewall, and not at all to browse any external sites. Sorry, I kind of got off on a tangent here, but it's perfectly reasonable to understand that there ARE in fact reasons why it takes a long time to get off of IE6. For those trying to skim, give it up. This is a terribly amusing article, and it's part 1 of a series (presumably there will be 6 more [maybe 7?].) It read much like a DamnInteresting.com article, which is a compliment. I immediately began trying to get more information on the magician who didn't lie, Jerry Andrus, but Wikipedia doesn't list anything about that whatsoever. Does anybody have more information regarding his routine? Y'know, I probably wouldn't have a problem with trying to push out IE6 if it weren't that the biggest supporters of its elimination are such utter dicks about it all. I hate rehashing this, as it's been said recently elsewhere, but not everybody has their choice of browser, and snotty error messages don't endear me to your cause. I might be forced to use an older IE browser at the office, but nasty messages make me not want to use your site/app/product when I get home on a less encumbered browser. My current old-IE boilerplate says something along the lines of "We apologize, but we do not have the resources to test our products in all browsers, and things may not work correctly in your version. If possible, please upgrade your browser to a more recent version." And honestly, that line makes me feel guilty, because I completely understand that it's oftentimes outside their control... As a sidenote, that's a conditional comment on the page, and doesn't exit() from anything -- which means I at least let them TRY to use the site. I apologize. I had just hit another site in which I received a nasty message. I should have clarified that my ire wasn't necessarily targeted at the article, or the site in general, but at the holier-than-thou who feel the need to rub my nose in it. Again, my apologies. Wouldn't it be fairly simple to just fork Ubuntu? If that completely misses what you meant, I would probably recommend just stepping back to Debian. Color me simple, but I honestly don't see how that's dramatically different from the parent's "misquote". I believe Silverlight works in Firefox actually. I don't use it, but the trypython.org page has a statement: "Target browsers are Firefox 2 & 3, Safari and IE 7 & 8. (It won't work in other browsers until there is a version of Silverlight that works with them.)" In my experience, it's because the YUI framework is 30Mb with docs, 10Mb without. If I need 10Mb of support tools to make my app do cool stuff, I feel like I'm leaning too much on the framework, and too little on my own capabilities. I've heard it before, and I'm sure I'll hear it again, but this, to me, is absolutely the sort of thing I need drilled in my head over and over and over again. The current project I'm working on is simple. The idea is simple in general, the layout is simple, and while some of the technical glitches and implementation details may not be (they never are anyway) -- I keep overcomplicating things in my head. I've gotten about 3 weeks worth of spare time thrown at it, which isn't much, but in that time, I've already wasted a ton of effort. I redesigned the layout yesterday. True, I made it simpler, and I think easier to use, and ultimately, it's a MUCH better layout for the product, but it was completely wasted effort to determine whether or not my product is even worth building, because I honestly don't know the answer. I guess the main difference for me is that after a number of false starts (that later ended up as actual products, and profitable ones at that,) I have committed myself to finishing this thing, if only to say that I can build a project to completion without external motivators. That almost gives me an excuse to waste time because if it's rejected early, I'll assume it's due to a poor layout, or lack of features, etc. So yeah, I needed to read that, and get back to square 1, and friggin stay there for a bit. My submission, with some information omitted: As a federal IT consultant, I have built a number of utilities for that either use Python directly or leverage bits of Python code in order to make another product work. One interesting bit in particular, I whipped up a 13 line Python script to monitor each side of a load balanced cluster for uptime, properly shutting down the relevant Apache instance of a side if its Weblogic portal instance was not responding, and redirecting traffic to the other side. This need was present as there was no facility in either the multi-thousand dollar Cisco Content Service Switches fronting the servers, nor the multi-million dollar AquaLogic portal behind them. I recently had the opposite experience. I was flying from BWI to MEM via Charlotte (which is what I get for buying tickets last minute.) MEM->CTL was delayed somewhat, leaving me with approximately 2 minutes to get from one terminal to another far away terminal. I naturally didn't make the flight. While they were more than happy to accomodate me and get me onto the next CTL->BWI flight, I was worried about what was going to happen to my luggage, though it somehow beat me there. I usually don't worry about it too much unless they're busy, and I feel like I'm taking up space, but I ordinarily order at least a 'premium' coffee and something to munch on while I work, and I agree with the 1 coffee per hour rule. If you can't keep up, or aren't thirsty, you can buy a coffee 'for the house', which basically equates to just giving them money. If you're trying to make friends, or the cashier or barista is cute, you can buy them a drink too. You'll probably be looked at funny (since I'm guessing their drinks are free,) but life's full of weirdos. Might as well be one. ;-) I don't know if it's fair or not, but I always feel like the conversation at HN is somewhat... academic, for lack of a better word. The nature of the community seems to encourage one's best behavior, or at least better behavior than I would exhibit in some other places perhaps. Grammar correction is somewhat a conundrum. On the one hand, it IS sort of rude to point out the faults of another, especially as it can often be attributed to expedient typing. On the other hand, if I made a mistake and didn't realize, I'd REALLY REALLY want someone to point it out to me, so that I could learn from it. Completely aside though, it's interesting to me how poor grammar seems to spread. Until about two years ago, I had honestly NEVER seen anyone use "should of" in print, and now it seems to be a prevalent mistake. While I don't understand how that relates to the truthiness of what I've said, it looks like almost all of the results of the linked page are from 2006 forward. Regardless, while I may be fuzzy on the timetable, it is a recent phenomena for me. I would personally have a giant problem with government intervention in a private matter. This is a market issue. If customers don't like how Apple is behaving, they are free to take their business elsewhere. If they don't, they are either offering a more compelling product than the other guys, or are serving the majority of their customers satisfactorily. I can see the argument that developers for the App Store are akin to contractors for Apple, but I don't believe that's the case either. If the developers really want government involvement, the first step WOULD NOT BE regulation, rather it should be arbitration. The slighted developers have the courtrooms available to them, and potentially have contract dispute claims they could file suit on. (I don't know, I don't develop for the iPhone at all.) If they don't, then they've obviously entered into a one-sided contract they shouldn't have, and shame on them. That said, there might also be a claim for that as well. One of the primary tenets for contract law is that there is mutual consideration -- a contract without mutual consideration can often be considered valueless on its face. I am uncertain whether or not the potential for profit by app store sales counts or not, honestly. Billing by the hour is the only effective way I have found to eliminate scope creep. Being able to say "Well, sure, I CAN do that, but it's going to cost an additional 4-6 hours" is simply the easiest (and most well received) method of indicating that they are asking for something not initially agreed to. Obviously, it helps to have a contract/requirements documentation/specification/etc., to point to, but it's rare that you run into a document detailed enough to cover nuances like whether or not this element should be blue or light blue after clicked upon. I had exactly the same question, having just heard of it today. You can obviously find more information at http://www.cherokee-project.com/ , but basically, it seems to be Apache as it started (sans feature bloat). It's written in C, requires no additional dependencies, and has what seems to be a very nice web administration panel. Practically, it seems like its performance sits somewhere between Apache and Lighttpd, with Lighttpd beating it in performance, but (unless I'm mistaken) not on features. edit: I would also love to hear more from somebody who has actually used it as to whether or not there are less apparent reasons to choose it, and whether or not it's ready for production use. But if that's all it's doing, where is its differentiation between it and the hundreds of other URL shortening services. You CAN run a social network cheaply, but good luck competing with Facebook / MySpace / Orkut / Friendfeed / Livejournal / et al. Offering the service with the least amount of features can sometimes be a winning idea, but in this space, I'm not entirely sure that it's doable, considering the major feature works pretty similarly across all tr.im's competition. Comic books. If I had my druthers, I would somehow be working in comic books. At some point in my life, I had a good deal of artistic talent, though the years I spent goofing off in puberty seem to have killed it entirely. It's something of a dying art form, as most print-based things are, but also seem to have resurged in many ways, especially as movie properties. I'm eagerly waiting to see whether or not TakeComics succeeds as becoming the iTunes of comic books, and whether or not it spawns any cottage industries or ideas as a result. Large companies typically grow to their size through efficiency. IKEA grew by ultra-streamlining their ordering, distribution, shipping and supply chain in general. I can buy a $50 bookshelf that accomodates all of my trade paperback collection and is higher quality than many of its competitors. International Paper, while not being the greatest example, has also done an amazing job at refining its distribution and supply chain such that I can order a quarter ton of paper today and have it in house within 2 days. Amazon is another example of big company efficiency, for reasons I think are obvious. Yeah, they might not be the best at bookkeeping and/or HR functions, but they also have a LOT more employees and revenues to keep track of than a 5 person startup... but at their core operations, a really good large business is something to model after more than sneer at. To my knowledge, no. I also perhaps misspoke when I stated that comics are dying. I don't honestly know that they are, or what their current sales numbers are -- I just expect for print-related content in almost all forms to eventually die, or become more niche, which may well be naive of me. Interestingly enough, I tried to visit the site and Chrome flagged it as malware. Except that you have to buy gas, pay property taxes, eat, drink and pay for entertainment. I get your point, for sure, but surely you want something in the bank to either help fund your next gig, or to buy yourself more time in case it takes a few more tries than 1? UP the road from you, Crownsville, MD. I saw something before about meetups, but I'm somewhat new to the area. Anybody know of anything in our area? My favorites folder (which is a folder in Chrome that I 'open all in tabs' with each morning) includes the following URLS, which makes them at least daily reads: news.ycombinator.com damninteresting.com (now that they're back especially) kk.org/kk/ - Kevin Kelly's blog federalwasteland.blogspot.com -- hasn't been updated in a long while. :-( asofterworld.com xkcd.com idsgn.org If you're working on it, wouldn't that make you the founder of a pre-launch startup? Not to take anything away from melito, because really, this is cool as beans, but what I _really_ want out of something like this is a place where I can set my configuration up with variables. Better than booting a semi-configured server would be booting a fully-configured server. If I could host my app on sliceapp.com, along with changes from a base bootstrapped instance (e.g., apache settings, hostnames, etc) -- and be able to have multiple images to launch (one for db, one for apache/mod-python/django, one for load balancer) -- then this would be the best thing that ever happened, pretty much. It's definitely worth moving forward with, and really, I didn't mean to diminish what you've already done at all. I'll probably give it a shot this weekend, if nothing else than to test how quickly this tool enables me to migrate to a new slice. Am I wrong in thinking that the tone of a guitar isn't going to be affected that much by swapping out a small wooden inset? I mean, I get that a flat top guitar may or may not have a different wood on the top than everywhere else, but I feel like you need the entirety of the top to get the full effect of the sound. Past that, I guess it's a good idea. The pickups look on the cheap side though. And while I would definitely be into a way to quickly switch out my pickup configuration, that's why there's a toggle switch. It'd be neat to pit this against a Line 6 Variax. I personally like the Derby blades I picked up off of Amazon, they still get just as close as anything else I've used, but they somehow feel 'softer' than all the others. Perhaps more forgiving is a better phrase. What's so great about the Feathers? I suppose I did. Thank you for the clarification. Perhaps I missed the boat by not watching the video. As for the digital amp comment, is that in regards to the Line 6? The Variax is a guitar, with on-board CPU and synth modelling. It isn't a Pod crammed into a guitar, from my understanding (though I could again be wrong, and will voluntarily revoke my posting privileges for the day.) I was thinking about this the other day -- something like a Google Voice would work well for a support phone type of operation. I haven't done support in a long while, but last time I did, we would physically hand off a phone, which made for interesting times. With either the newly oncall or the previously oncall being able to update the number, that handoff now becomes virtual. Sorry -- I didn't mean to imply that Google Voice was a competitor, rather to say that a Google Voice-like service (with many tweaks) would work perfectly for this goal. I think recently, another interesting proof for this is the Joker's note. Watching the Dark Knight behind the scenes commentary, Hans Zimmer talks about how he thought the most chill-inspiring theme for Joker wouldn't be an intricate composition, but one slightly sour note played at length. Other sounds and effects were layered upon it to fit with the soundtrack, but the effect is amazing, simultaneously warning the audience of the joker's presence and inspiring suspense at the same time. Well, for what it's worth, it's true at least in my case. I honestly don't have the experience to build file system indexing, low level crypto modules, etc. I could never build a database, period. I consider web programming to be the way of the future, so I've never bothered to learn the things I would need to fill those gaps, but at the same time, I do understand that you often have to write filesystem things to be served over the web. Simply put, if you can do it in Python, I'm your guy -- if it needs to be C or (gasp) Assembly, I am absolutely NOT your guy (tho I have dabbled, for the goofs.) While it is an overly broad, sweeping statement that simply doesn't work for a lot of developers, it is at least true in plenty of cases. I might not be representative of the average, but I'm guessing most web devs do consider web development an easier way out. I certainly did. In furtherance of your point, a friend of mine worked for as a civil engineer involved with traffic planning in a medium city. A relevant tidbit (which I only assume to be true as, while it is perfectly logical, is not something I've ever heard taught, so take with salt) is that the solid white lines approaching an intersection are measured, and designed to act as guide markers for yellow lights, at least as originally timed. The way it's supposed to work, is that if you're doing the spped limit and the light turns yellow, you should not stop if you are within the solid white lines, but should stop if you are outside of them. Again, I don't know if this is 100% true, or if it is, whether it applies to all metro areas or just in Memphis, TN. 5% on what scale? I run a breakeven message board that could benefit significantly from SEO, but it's current revenue model is ad driven, and only breaks even most of the time ($75 a month is break even.) That may be true, but tryruby.hobix.com is GONE, and that is a travesty of the highest proportions. That was the page I learned my first bits of Ruby on. That was the page I introduced 8 friends to Ruby for the first time. It was the page I single-handedly got our contract renewed, by proving a piece of functionality was possible and easily done. I think for many, it was an easy way in to Ruby. Someone must replace this immediately. For what it's worth, this impacts me enough that I've looked, and I couldn't find it. If I had, I likely would have already been fast at work trying to put up a replacement, if only to have something to link to the people who are sure to ask me what happened to it. My wife actually noticed yesterday that it was gone before I got around to reading all the comments on HN about Why's departure. I eventually told her that he was basically dead. Her response? "How am I going to learn Ruby now?" I of course have installed a local interpreter, but she really liked the lessons. I haven't gotten a chance to actually use the app yet, but clicking around, I have to say that the app is just gorgeous. I look very forward to using this. Perhaps I should whip something up more central to web businesses than halfbakery is? I mean, it's a good concept of course, but if I'm looking for entrepreneurial web ideas, I have to figure out whether they're in 'business', 'computing', 'culture', etc. Also, many of those ideas suck, which is fixed easily enough with moderation, but it makes you wonder how many people would have upvoted Twitter or Facebook as an idea? I'm guessing far fewer than use the service, for sure. I am reminded by this of my trip to the National Crypto Museum on NSA's campus, north of DC. It's a real treat if you're a geek, what with the old hardware and crypto devices, but one of the pieces there is a picture. The picture was mailed to a US senator as a gift from children, who had supposedly painted it. However, during a later bugsweep, it turned out that the frame contained a radio device, and had transmitted endlessly since its hanging. I remember thinking how perfectly the gift had been designed, how innocuous the packaging, and how cleverly the delivery mechanism. With regard to the cost to secret price ratio, I'm going out on a limb to say that as a non-threat to the nation, I'd happily pay a thousand dollars to see what ACTUALLY goes on behind closed doors of high ranking political officials. I can only imagine how much more worthwhile it would be if I had my freedom riding on it. My only real concern with this is that Disney will decide that the more adult titles don't align with their core values. Garth Ennis' run on the Punisher, for example, is extremely good, and extremely violent by necessity. I have a hard time imagining Disney allowing that to remain as it is. After I passed my teen years, I'd pretty much written off Marvel for grown-up stories, favoring DC/Vertigo/Dark Horse, etc., as they seemed more willing to service the non-teen crowd. Marvel regained my business when they added their Max and Knights lines, which are pretty much all I'm buying of them lately. Nor do you with Android. It goes entirely through Google Checkout -- Unless you've never set up Checkout (which is admittedly a lot more likely than not having set up Paypal, or a competitor) then you just need your CO credentials. I don't know why I can't reply to icey's response to this, unless it's too much nesting -- the line is the same, but it may exist in a variety of positions on the slider. I do not believe that he meant you would draw the line for can, and the line for should in different places, rather, that they are simply not in the same place for all people. Really? The way my desk area is set up is I guess a vastly different use case from yours. My laptop is primarily mobile -- I take it to work, work from coffee shops, the couch, etc., but when I want to do something that I need need more of a desktop setting for (I can't do image editing on the couch, or without a mouse, or without a large screen usually) I just plug the laptop into the docking station. The docking station is connected to an external hard drive for backups, speakers for sound, external monitor, keyboard, mouse, power cable, Line 6 Pod XT guitar pedal and mixing board. It allows me the flexibility of having a convenient desktop setup while still maintaining the portability I bought a laptop for. I'm surprised more people don't use it, as it seems like the edge case here instead of the norm. I suppose that's true, but then I'd still have to plug in a USB cable even. I guess I just really like the idea of not having to plug in ANYTHING. If I'm away from the docking station, I mumble curse words when I have to plug in so much as an ethernet cable. Chemed, the parent company of Roto-Rooter, is trading at $42 a share and has a market cap of $944.82M. This was what I honestly considered the biggest loss with regards to _why's disappearance. I am literally ecstatic to have this back online. The only thing that could make this better would be if it were presented by _why (him|her)self. I don't expect any upvotes on this comment, but if you're in the Annapolis, MD area, I've got a guest room (or couch if you really want) that you're welcome to. Money. I suspect that Dru could make quite the counterfeiter if he decided to be. Having done almost this exact thing, the issue is that 4 out of 5 large websites will have blocked you buy your fifth poll for abusing their service. I always thought that it was somewhat ironic that nobody had a problem with me refreshing slashdot.org every 10 seconds trying to get a first post, but that they had a very large problem when my rss poll hit them more than once an hour (is at least what their recommended interval used to be.) In the past my strategy was basically that. Load a static page from cache wherever possible. If the user performs a vote, or submit, or what have you, write it to the database, but just perform the update on the user's local page in the DOM. "My hunch is that most companies could increase revenue by simply adding a very high-end offering, even if they never sell a single one of those expensive units." This strikes a parallel to something 37Signals once said, many moons ago, though I believe I had misinterpreted their point. When they said it (or when I read it,) I assumed it meant that you should definitely throw a premium option out there because there are some people who always buy the premium option... even those who wouldn't consider buying a less-than-premium option. It honestly never occurred to me that its primary purpose is to make the other prices look smaller by comparison. I've always expected city-wide WiFi to fail if it were provided by the government. I've never really understood what the advantage for the government was, unless the assumption was that it would add to the network infrastructure of the city for city use, which is silly, as they wouldn't be able to use it for private communications. As a tax-payer, I can't imagine wanting to pay for something like that either, at least not above what I already pay my wireless carrier. I agree that it would be a nicety, but given the underfunding of most schools / bridge / roads / etc., I can't honestly imagine wanting some of my tax dollars to go toward WiFi, of all things. For the most part, we were serving a generic page, except for prior actions done by the user. The only major differences between your page and my page, for example, is that article 5 might not show vote links at all, if I had previously voted on them. For the most part, we accomplished this through cookies. If the cookie exists, read in a hashmap of activities you've recently performed, and update the page DOM based on those. If the cookie didn't exist, then go ahead and do a full query from the db, repop the cache and build the cookie. That said, we noticed that in a lot of cases, that wasn't ideal, and we started rendering partial templates -- so instead of loading a whole page from cache, we would load page parts, basically one part for each article. This worked well, as each template was basically a pre-rendered static file, and we only had two basic states to work with -- whether the user had voted on this before or not. Our new strategy then was to query just the indexed table for a user's recent votes, separately query an index for which articles to display, and load the templates for the to-be-displayed articles based upon the user's vote state. That allowed the page to render a lot faster, but kept the box under more load. Though we suspect it would have scaled well enough (had the project not eventually fizzled out), it wasn't ideal server-side, though delivered a vastly superior end-user experience. YMMV. But we don't know that Yodlee isn't doing 170M revenues a year either. Getting aquired and making money don't necessarily equate to each other in the most obvious ways. Youtube was a huge money sink, and got a huge acquisition. Mint is, I believe at least, somewhat profitable, and only got $170M. The timing had a lot more to do with it than anything, but as a consumer, I'm a LOT more likely to give money to Mint than Youtube, and the YouTube founders are arguably a lot richer than the Mint founders. I suspect that it has less to do with CloudKick's current capabilities and more to do with its potential. As soon as I get a chance, I'm going to sit down with melito to get more of a tour of Sliceapp. The potential possibility for me to stage apps and deployment necessities SOMEWHERE and spool that up across any number of servers / datacenters / hosting providers is a VERY tempting idea indeed. That I could potentially change hosting providers for my app without downtime is an idea I think a LOT of people could get behind. CloudKick and Sliceapp are in-roads to that level of capability, and if executed well enough, could literally change the way we think of hosting forever. Depending, it might still be worthwhile to use the bigger image vs. the overhead of an extra request. At least until you can shrink it down further anyway. But if you're testing them both in a VM, wouldn't you consider this a valid performance benchmark for those looking to run their instance in a cloud VM? I mean, I think I get your point, in that this benchmark doesn't apply to those running bare metal... but isn't the obvious counterpoint that this is an especially useful benchmark for those running in a VM? Unless you're running an Active Directory domain, more than likely. And really, this isn't that confusing. http://www.microsoft.com/windows/windows-7/compare-editions/... You might be dismissing the point too soon. To the lay-person, junk DNA looks like as useless a feature as a ridge in a door panel, or dummy pathways on a chip. To an expert auto-maker, the purpose of the panel ridges is obvious, structural rigidity. To an expert chip-maker, the purpose of dummy pathway is obvious. To Our Holy Creator Who Art in Heaven (or whomever you wish to credit our creation), it is possible that our junk DNA has a very obvious purpose that we have yet to divine. What strikes me as worrisome is that, at least by the tone of the article, there is no possible doubt in Arrington's mind that the screenshot exists, and that it is EXACTLY what was claimed to him, and he hasn't even seen it. I'm sure it's a somewhat thin argument, but I personally would think they'd start reserving their over-committal in the wake of the Facebook-picture-fax thing. I mean, they bought that hook, line and sinker, and that was a hoax they at least SAW. I can't speak for device development, but the way in which I've always cheated this was to capture common resolutions, and watch for resize events. Basically, I would build 320x240.css, 640x480.css, 800x600.css, etc., have an event listener polling for windowWidth, and change to the best stylesheet available. If you were, for example, at 799px width, you got the 640x480 display. This was, of course, labor intensive, so you don't do this for everything. The last project I employed this on was done many years ago, and HAD TO look good at almost any resolution. This worked out well, except for images (which there were very very few of in this app), but that could be swapped out on resize as well, if you were really had to make it perfect. I think often-times those types of acquisitions are just to get the talent, or the IP from the product, moreso than to launch a new product outright. Where I see problems of course is that so often startups are acquired by bigger competitors who probably have the best of intentions, but can't help but stifle the newly acquired employees into doing things 'their way'... Their way of course being the way that allowed the startup to eat up so much of their market share with minimal funding, yadda yadda. I dunno if it's just me, but for the anal-retentive bastard in me, I ESPECIALLY hate seeing typos in PDF. Inexplicably, I am much more forgiving of them on web pages, as in HTML files and the like. There's a sense of permanence to a PDF that just makes the mistake all the more heinous. I think I was equally as surprised to see Talasim which, as far as I can tell, doesn't really have IP per se -- just content. I didn't know that simple content providers would even be considered for funding, honestly. Love 'em or hate 'em, I initially heard about Dropbox on Techcrunch.com. I immediately signed up for the free 2Gb account (as I usually sign up for almost anything free). I think it was a couple of weeks later before I ever got around to installing it on a second PC and actually using the sync functionality across boxes, and probably a day or so after that their usability and overall perfection convinced me to buy. Just today I went through the process of associating my gmail account to my wave account. As for whether or not it's a waste, if you were a developer looking to leverage the Wave platform, and have not already gotten an invite, I'd guess $100 is a very small price to pay for access. That's a clever idea, but I think it paints the solution in broad strokes. I don't know how, for example, it solves for "I really like 'The Talisman' by Stephen King, but hate 'The Stand' (or almost anything else he's written" for example. I agree with this 100%, and would also add that (while a workout will typically do it on its own) you should fix your posture immediately. One of the major things I notice when my wrists start getting irritated is that if I sit up straighter it helps. There are nerves running from thumbs to mid-back, and posture affects them immensely. Simply sitting correctly may (or may not, depending on how bad you habitually sit) be easier than exercise and provide more immediate remedy. Still, exercise. Definitely. I haven't tried anything like it, so I can't comment on the difficulty of creating the fingerprinting technology, and frankly, I'm not all that impressed with Shazam. But as I understand it, Pandora uses the same Music Genome data to make its suggestions, and that is REALLY magic. In the form of IETester, yes. Otherwise, I believe no, except through virtual machines. The oars move more than a little through the water. It isn't the immutability of the water that allows for traction, it is the drag, or perhaps resistance is a more appropriate term, that gives bite to the oars in the water. I've heard plenty of US-born / US-raised developers use the term as well. Moreso when I lived in the South than when I moved to the DC metro area. Another pet peeve of mine are people who "Administrate" computers. I don't know of a polite way to correct them short of correctly using "Administer" in sentences that follow, but I usually come away from that feeling as if they think I'm the one using it incorrectly. Interesting. I ADMINISTER computers, but I used to BE a SYS ADMIN. Administer is a verb to me, and admin a noun. Either way, your suggestion doesn't offend me 1 millionth as much as administrate does, in either usage. I withheld a similar comment, not SO MUCH from this one blog post, but from reading others on the blog as well. As somebody who routinely works 12 hour days, I've found that I don't need any special system to make it work, I just have to be willing to do it. That said, I just tolerate it. I'm not working on anything for myself right now, and while I like the work, I don't necessarily love the way our customer / management want us to work. That means I don't have a magical system to make it more tolerable, I just do the work, as I'm expected to, and try my damnedest to kick ass at it while I do. The main thing I got out of the article though, is that he isn't really working a 12 hour day at all. Between taking breaks every hour, exercising, taking a lunch break, etc., it seems that the REAL secret to working a 12 hour day is to not ACTUALLY work a 12 hour day. I recently picked up Betty Edwards' "Drawing on the Right Side of the Brain" book. Supposedly, it's been updated recently, to contain her most recent knowledge on mark-making and 'seeing' the drawing in life. I used to be quite a decent pencilist, but after 18 years of not having drawn a lick, and perhaps relating to the drugs that were consumed during my teenage years, I've simply forgotten how to do anything, how to even see the marks that need making, to complete even rudimentary drawings. I'm only a few pages in, but at least on the premise, the referenced book in this works on similar principles. Ah. Thanks for the clarification. I don't know what I misread to get to that conclusion, but I am admittedly only 12 pages into the Edwards book. 10 figures = 1 BILLION. I have to agree with the OP on this. I think it's BS. LOL. I meant to reply to the other guy. What was the subscriber base of satellite radio before Howard Stern left for it? I've also noticed that Google Voice, despite its awesome feature set, is just not very reliable. I absolutely prefer to use it as my primary phone number, but I've noticed repeated problems with just using the service, a good deal of the time. Outbound calls (from my phone) that use the Google Voice service often times just don't connect. Inbound calls often don't ring my phone, and go straight to voice mail. I've never noticed an SMS message fail altogether, but I have seen a number of occasions in which it was delayed so significantly that it might as well have. Perhaps the most important glitch to me (and this isn't a service complaint, so much) is that MMS messages are just ignored. I don't receive them, or any notification that one was sent, and from what I can tell, there is no message / delivery failure sent to the sender either. This is a problem for me. Despite all these problems, I still LIKE Google Voice, and continue to use it, despite its unreliability. If I'm dealing with time-sensitive matters or financially sensitive ones, I just give out my non-IP phone number, to ensure that I at least get the calls, but my main want for Google Voice is to replace my regular number, so that I can change phones & carriers at will, that doesn't really sit well either. I agree with most of what you've said, but I just wanted to offer that there is a middle ground between "making money" and "spending money." Offtopic, Cloudkick is a very sexy offering, and it's priced for a certain set of customers, which may or may not fit you or I, but ideally, I'd like for them to find a cost structure that scales a little better, perhaps. 10% of the cost of the server might work better for users with less than 10 servers, for example. I'm in almost the exact same boat, though I find that much of my job is in just predicting pitfalls, and in anticipating when things won't work. As a federal contractor for an agency that prefers to use COTS/GOTS software, there is a surprisingly great need for having a developer that can look at a given piece of software, intuit how it works, probe its sales and development teams to say "Well, this claims to do Kerberos authentication, but it really does GSSAPI, and hence, won't work with your existing OpenSSO implementation." I also code a lot, mentor other developers, etc., and yes, it IS a great role. It's been happening to me all day. I first noticed it this morning, when I read the article about TechCrunch being hacked, and for a minute, assumed THAT was the hack. Had the hack actually been just an endlessly repetitive advertisement, in lieu of any content on the site, I would have considered that as poignant a hack as I've seen. Somebody else said it above, but yes, I would like for the map to narrow down based on my approximate location now. Also, if you could pre-fetch some content to auto-populate the map with pushpins, that would help me figure out what to do next a lot easier, I believe. Pre-population could be done with recently added items, or top rated items, perhaps? Oh, it IS a good deal, especially if you're already inclined to use Godaddy. As an aside, Deal-seeking Twitter users should probably go ahead and follow @dealsplus, as they broadcast this same deal last night, and often broadcast numerous deals throughout the day. When Oracle acquired BEA, they took them offline for awhile. This sucked, as the BEA products seem to demand frequent trips to the online references, and troubleshooting guides. Actually, it still sucks, because although they have replaced most of the documentation that was available (the most valuable bits were the dev2dev and forum areas) they often link back to BEA, which redirects you to Oracle's front page, or to the front of their BEA documentation section, but absolutely never to anywhere resembling where the link was intending to go. Honestly, it would probably seem even more juvenile. I just re-read it a few months ago, and almost came away from it wondering what I'd ever seen in such a book. Of course, this is decades removed from my 'damn the man' phase in life, but I found it wholly unrelatable, and even annoying in large parts of it. I agree with the premise, but would also caveat that Catcher was a much better read for me when I was about the same age as Holden was. I could identify then with his feelings, with his inability to succinctly sum up his thoughts, with his need to accentuate things that really didn't need accentuating, etc. The style worked for me (even though I'm decidedly not from the era of its original readers) because even though the vernacular is dated, it was still relevant to the mannerisms I spoke with in my teens and (maybe) early twenties. Reading it again now, in my thirties, it is dramatically different. Not because I've read other books that imitated the style, or because it has become cliche, but because I am very far removed, mentally, from how I was when I first read it. In case anybody else doesn't see it immediately (it took me a couple of tries) -- the 'funny' bit is that it automagically appends "Read More: " to your selection. I haven't pored through their code, but I already know that my initial suspicion (binding CTRL+C with JS) isn't accurate, as right-clicking -> copy also appends it. It's interesting at the very least, and I don't know how they're doing it. Anybody have an idea? Failure to finish. I've had, to date, 7 ideas that, had I finished executing, I would have been first to market (in most cases, by years). I would have been beaten to market on one other product, and really close to tied with another few. In imaginary-land, where I live, of the 7 companies I beat to market, 4 of them had million dollar + exits or acquisitions, so I COULD have been worth 45-55 million, give or take. My number one challenge in doing anything is not having somebody else to motivate me, or even just tell me what to do. With almost everything I do, I solve the challenges first; the bits that otherwise make the product, or the bits that aren't obviously going to work... once I've built those out, the project is mentally done for me. I will often fail to do the little things, the EASY things even, like building the change password page, or sending an email for account creation, etc. I'm so bad at it, even, that I will often stop after I have figured out HOW to solve the problems, without ever even bothering to actually implement. So yeah, that's why I'm stuck with my 9-to-5. Good question. Wow. I didn't realize you could run Microsoft IIS on Linux. :-\ Somebody needs to learn how to read a Netcraft response, I think. There's probably just a load balancer or something in front of it running Linux. Hopefully none of the participants of this thread take on the task. ;-) There are plugins for SVG that IE users can install, that would make this work, and be useful. That said, it IS a plugin that a lot of people aren't likely to have already installed. I'll post here the same thing I posted there (only with more characters, damn Twitter response mechanism)... Yes, it looks similar, but y'know what it looks MORE like? EVERY other mobile google app. If you compare it to Gmail on Android, it's damn near identical. I haven't followed it long enough to know when the current mobile gmail was launched versus Brightkite, but honestly, if there was 'design inspiration', it wasn't done in this app. I think how it looked in his screenshot is quite good, actually. It also looks quite good in my browser, for what it's worth. I don't mean to argue for argument's sake, but I wouldn't change it. I don't know why there couldn't be 'filler' space at the top put there just to achieve the depth requirements. Well, to be fair, the entire idea is really quite stupid (in my opinion.) It's novel, to be sure, but realistically, at least in most of the US, it would just be easier to use a boring drill to make the hole, and then lower a regular (or even torpedo-shaped) coffin into it. I see that in Chromium on Linux, but I do NOT see it with Chrome on Windows 7. This looks VERY nice. My only question that I don't see an immediate answer to is whether or not these timelines are embeddable from another site? One slight correction: on the FAQ for "What is Preceden", your answer includes the word "let's", which should be "lets". Also, on "Are They Private", you use the word "this'll", which I get as vernacular, but isn't a recognized conjunction in any of the dictionaries I checked. Turn it on, click the 'Buzz' label, scroll down to the bottom, and click "Turn Buzz off". Is there some reason that 'blocking' a person wouldn't accomplish this? I keep seeing people request this, but within Google Profiles, there is a 'block' feature that you can apply to a given person. I admittedly haven't tested it, but I honestly can't imagine what else it might do. Honestly, all that really tells me is that the 'off' button isn't as intuitive as it should have been. I mean, they opted-in how many millions of people? It isn't surprising that some percentage want it off, or that they consider gmail a tool for JUST email, or they don't want all that in the way. I personally was wary of it, but I really do like how easy the implementation is, and already see comparable traffic in Buzz to what I do on my Facebook -- only I have less clicks to get to it. I was recently looking into this in the DC area, and while it may work for some (I'm still giving it serious thought), for many, the cons will far outweigh the cons. The biggest hardship for me living on water would be that I likely couldn't keep my guitars. Houseboat living means, in a nutshell, that everything you own will get wet, whether from incidental contact with water, or just the humidity in the air. I'm perfectly willing to buy vacuum containers for foods (salt, sugar, coffee) to keep them safe, but to my knowledge, no such animal exists to keep my Les Paul safe from harm. The best workaround I have come up with thus far is to store my nicer guitars in climate controlled storage, and just keep a cheapish acoustic guitar on board with me, which I suspect I would have to replace at given intervals... hopefully no more than once per year. Aside from that, at least in this area, it isn't dirt cheap to live on a boat. I've seen mooring costs that range between $20-$40 per foot per month, which equates to $800-$1600 for a 40' boat. Compared to DC real estate, it's a bargain, for sure, but it's also not the last respite for the homeless either. I haven't gotten around to pricing, but I suspect that boat insurance is going to be considerably more than home or auto insurance. I have absolutely no idea how to estimate utilities on a boat. I understand that power is supplied by the mooring facilities, but I have heard that it is expensive, and highly unreliable. I'd love to hear feedback from anybody who has or is currently living aboard, as I'm still eager to try it, even if it means maintaining a landlocked residence until I've figured it all out. I recently put together a (very) basic website for my wife, that allows me to put little 'thinking of you' cards on it for her to see. It's fairly rudimentary, but she loves it. When I went to her office to take her out to lunch the other day, I was shocked to see that she had printed out each of the cards (basically business card format) and taped them to her wall. I've been thinking of expanding the idea and allowing for logins (as it currently has zero backend code, just HTML for the page and JS/AJAX to see browse the archive), but thought it might be fairly one-off. This has just changed my mind. It wouldn't work with the format it's in, as they're images, not text. I mean, they're mostly textual images, but they're images, just the same. I've found it's actually done wonders for my Photoshop skills too, as it has taught me better use of typography, color theory, and (as I got bored with the simplistic format) more actual graphic design technique as I started incorporating backgrounds (some lifted from others, some hand-drawn) to them as well. Predominately, you're missing the same thing I missed at first, which is that SO MUCH of Flash works on mouseover -- but how do you have a mouseover event on a touch-only interface? Aren't the interviews done in Flash? "search result pages would be considered spam." I don't think so. It looks like the policy is in place to keep you from having to perform multiple clicks to get where you want. In the common use case (I visit Google.com, type a search, get a result) I do not have to click on anything more than the search result to get where I am going. The difference is in a use case where my search result takes me to a search results page, which means I am only halfway (or less) to my target page after clicking on the Google search result. This doesn't mean, necessarily that all Mahalo content is bad, but that Google shouldn't be indexing Mahalo search results pages, and instead should link directly to the resultant content pages instead (scraped or not.) Similarly, Hacker News articles should not be the result of a search done on the news title (as HN's link to the original article actually increases the article's score, right?), but should perform better if the matched term is found in the HN-specific content (e.g., the commentary we create on HN only.) I'm sure that there are (hopefully) edge cases in which a search for the article title returns the HN link instead of to the original article, but that should be the exception to the rule. Of course, if HN were to have an absurdly high page rank and link to a relatively unknown (or new) blog, it would likely lead to a result on here, instead of the other way 'round. I'd prefer the ability to broaden the search radius personally. I live in Maryland, but work in DC, with an office in Vienna, VA. I'd either like to set home points for all three of those, or broaden the radius from the middle location to encompass the outer 2 locations. I'm sure this is a freaky edge case, and will likely never be implemented, but if I could multi-home, and have a filter that included locations near any of the three, I'd be gold. I have absolutely no idea what the app will look like, but that landing page is absolutely drop dead gorgeous. My number 1 FAQ would be -- What if you end up starting the next Microsoft. How would I reasonably expect to get a discount on my copy of Daeken Vista from Best Buy? I'm a recent new user of Forrst, and while I do like it, I was convinced that it wouldn't achieve much market popularity without really great news articles done about it. I've been thinking about it as a Pownce-like app, in more of a Twitter-based format, but I guess the reason for its success is the same as HN's, which is the focus seems very narrow. I like that about it, and as a programmer who designs (that hadn't ever categorized himself in that way before) -- I realize it's a very apt cross-section of what I've encountered on Forrst. Seriously though, it definitely gets a thumbs-up from me, though not necessarily for the masses. The one thing I see lacking in this, so far, is the ability to find like-minded friends. I'm not deep 'in the scene' of either development or design, though I have plenty of developer friends (with a smattering of designers), but it would be neat to connect with NEW people whose work I could appreciate. I don't know how you get over the fear of being last on everything. I'm working on 3 VERY VERY simple projects right now; calling the 'projects' is almost a stretch, and while I genuinely don't expect any of them to make much (if any) money, I'm trying to get through the 'start everything, complete nothing' mantra that I've apparently been plagued with since relocating to the DC area. I honestly can't imagine a worse scenario for me, with the particular type of brain plague that I have, so I'd love to hear about them as they are completed (or even as they near completion.) And sincerely, good luck on all fronts. I don't know WHY it bothers me, but I should mention that it DOES -- the 'square' in the logo is rectangular, and my mind can't get over that. I'd rework the logo entirely if you could actually, and I don't know when the 'feedback on the left side of the page' became a popular phenomenon, or who started it, but I honestly find it to be extremely silly. That said, I like the overall look of the site, though it's obviously quite spartan at this point. While I agree with the spirit of the statement, honestly, I'd rather hire the guy I was able to lure with the company culture than the guy I was able to lure with money. I guess this is somewhat offtopic, but on Valentine's Day my wife and I went to a restaurant of questionable elegance -- since our first anniversary and now, we've grown far more accustomed to eating at nicer places, and wasn't sure whether this place was going to hold up to more informed scrutiny. When ordering, I asked the waiter if I could substitute the potato gratin for something else. The waiter informed me that I could, but that I'd be making a huge mistake, as he believed that the chef's pairing with the tenderloin worked especially well. Turns out, he was right, and my skepticism was unwarranted, but I (as you) also knew well enough when to defer to more-informed opinion of the staff. I guess what most surprises me is that people, in general, don't. I don't know if they've developed a mistrust of people in that position, or if there is something particular to the design profession (as it is rather... abstract) that makes it harder to just accept things that don't look good to you. Regardless, I agree with your assessment that the 'fun' being had at the clients' expense is harmless, and sanity-protecting. Did you start with Ramen salaries and are working up to hamburger? Or did you start with hamburger and working up to steak? It's none of my business of course, I'm just always curious where one puts the line between a reasonable salary and something gratuitous. Actually, I just read the article. I'm guessing you guys aren't to Lobster yet, so it probably doesn't matter at this point. That said, I really really really like the design of the site. Insanely so. The home page is sublime, and the 'Tour' page is near perfection. Grats and good luck. By that logic, Blizzard would have been sued into oblivion for all the downtime that World of Warcraft has experienced, and continues to experience on certain realm servers. They still have an AMAZINGLY good sales team. As for Drizzle, if it didn't have a multi-hundred-thousand dollar price tag, I'm guessing Oracle isn't too beaten up about it honestly. All of the Sun consultants I've worked with work from home primarily, except when they're on client sites. Oddly enough, I've actually DONE this with off the shelf products, and didn't really consider it that big a deal at all. The only thing that needed modification was the app I was writing that needed federated access to. If the company is using a recent Active Directory, it's a snap to set up OpenSSO within their environment to consume Kerberos tokens to authenticate the user (in a browser) via passwordless login. From there, you can configure OpenSSO to federate authentication by providing your site a SAML token, which, when consumed for authentication, means that the only thing you really have to worry about is authorization -- e.g., what a given user can do from within your application. One of my best friends is a developer who often cries 'impossible', only to brilliantly solve whatever problem a week later, usually with some fairly creative thinking, but I've always considered that his one biggest downfall -- crying wolf. That said, I certainly get that if you're an app developer for a given product, the work that was sold was well out of scope. Honestly, it sounds like the software they custom-developed to act in that role was a knockoff of the basic functionality. The flip side is that OpenSSO uses in-built Kerberos encryption, and generates token-based session headers that contain zero sensitive information. Honestly, you may well have a point, in that the customer may well have only been receptive to the chosen solution because it was custom-developed, but I was mostly balking at the developer's initial reaction of 'impossible'. Not only is it not impossible, it isn't hard to do, and certainly didn't require reinventing the wheel when a perfectly adequate solution exists that would not only have worked well, but worked for de-passwordifying OTHER web services as well (potentially). That sounds very much like a bribe, and very much illegal, possibly. IANAL, but this smells extremely fishy. I would see if you could discuss whether or not you are supposed to pay him anything with one of his superiors before doing anything, or at the very least, ask for a different mediator. This. One of my developers is crazy about GWT, and has shoe-horned it into a number of apps that he's primed, and it's proven to be problematic for a number of reasons. The main problem we have is that a lot of our apps fit into a larger portal, so we have to worry a LOT more about JavaScript and CSS collisions, and generated JS/CSS just doesn't work well for that. Outside of a portalized environment, it might not be THAT bad, but for us, it's proven painful. In the event that you find yourself duplicating your server side code and client side code, or writing excessive form validation to match server-side constraints, something like GWT is probably the way to go. I don't know jack diddly about the project, but good lord do I love the name. I was going to say exactly the same thing -- if it was a THEME, then it seems like it would be just as easy to theme it the other way. I guess the really tricky bit revolves around which one is default, and how obvious it would be to switch it to the other way. Knowing Gnome menus (with dated knowledge, naturally) it would typically be 6-7 clicks into somewhere and nobody would ever find it. You could, I suppose, contract the author of the silk icons for the icon you want. If I were a more cynical man, I might even suppose that was exactly the reason for producing a royalty-free icon set -- to drum up business. I meant it jokingly. It's a brilliant advertisement, to be sure; I think that most people just see things like that as done strictly out of the goodness of people's hearts, and while that may often be true, I usually am inclined to believe the more self-serving aspect of it. Not that there's anything wrong with it whatsoever. "Internet Explorer cannot display the webpage" -- using IE7 on Windows XP. I don't necessarily see this as an issue -- the HTC G1 shipped with an older version of Android, and naturally, its unsold inventory still has that older version. It should automatically update (barring the unforeseen) to the most current level of Android OS it can support, as it has done for all the existing Android users as new releases became available. The only thing I can foresee as a problem is that older hardware may not be able to support the newest Android versions. The HTC G1 doesn't appear to support Android 2.0, which makes sense, as it's MUCH older than the Droid or Nexus One. That causes problems more for the developers than for the end users I suspect, but I think that people are used to the logic with PCs -- I can't play the new game, need to upgrade. The craftsmanship really is superior at Tiffany's though, and they also have a lot of 'not-found-elsewhere' items because of their uniqueness. I view Tiffany akin to the way I view art, which is to say yes, if you melted it down, it would lose significant value, but you weren't buying it for the raw materials were you? Interesting to me is that they wrote a script to query whois.net when drafting the names up -- I may be misremembering, but I think whois.net sells queries to squatters, meaning if you come up with something really good, and don't purchase it immediately, it's possible that it'll be gone before you actually go to purchase. Whois.sc uses this as a differentiator for their service, and claim that they don't, so I would suggest at least looking for policy on the whois broker that you're using before writing a script to query them. I can't claim credit for the idea, but I think that the 'paper tag' (like you might find on clothing in a store) with the appropriate instruction. It's cheap, it will annoy people until they remove it, and it's fairly obviously a sign that it needs removing. I read all the comments posted here thus far, and the one thing I don't see is a concern that de-duping, if not done AT the filesystem, would be prohibitively slow. Am I misguided in thinking that it would be? I mean, I suppose if you implemented it on disk at the server level, retrieving the duped blocks there, I think you're adding latency. I suppose I might be looking at it from the wrong perspective, as there just has to be people using S3 for backups only, for which cost probably does make more sense than speed, but I honestly don't know if that's more the exception or the rule. While I completely agree that JPG is the wrong choice for what is essentially a 2-color graphic, what about that makes it shady? That's interesting -- not that you don't know who Vonnegut is (though that IS interesting) but that you thought it was hard to read. I mean, to each his own of course, but at least to me, Vonnegut has always been one of the authors whose works were easiest for me to consume. It IS that easy, the trouble is finding the niches that are profitable that other people haven't already found. Getting in late to the game limits your choices to either 1) Being MUCH better at SEO than the more established people working the same strategy, 2) Finding a new niche that has somehow been overlooked by all the other people doing the same thing you are or 3) Finding less profitable niches in which to fill the need and game. The reason that everybody isn't doing it is many-part, but the highlights are that SEO isn't that easy for the lay-person, and it actually does take quite a bit of work and commitment. There is a very big initial workload to setting up a site to generate passive income, and like a fire, it needs constant stoking to maintain, and will start by making VERY small amounts of money at a time (My first attempt grossed an average of $12 per month). Simply put, the 'easiest' way to make money isn't really all that easy... and as for 'lowest risk', I'd completely dispute that too. If Google changes an algorhythm, or categorizes you as spam, or you're linked to by an unsavory site, then that could all go away. If you're hosting 50 sites on the same IP address, and have actually managed to get them to profitability, and Google bans the IP, now what? Well, they're right -- a well balanced exercise plan does feature more variety. That said, I'm a HUGE proponent of calisthenic-type workouts, and I think that something like this is definitely more good than bad. If you wanted to supplement this, without significantly increasing the difficulty, do something similar with situps on the off-days. If you're doing M-W-F for pushups, then do the same incremental workout with situps on T-Th-S. Better still would be to add some walking to the mix. Walk a mile on Sunday, perhaps. One other thing that I do to round out cardio (as I am also in horrible shape at the moment) is to start off each 'workout' session with jumping jacks. They're simple, easy, hard to screw up more than a little bit, and do a great job at getting you warmed up. Start with 10 or 20, and again, just keep incrementing upwards as they get easier. I personally would do jumping jacks (or jumping rope as they get easier) before every workout. Regardless, good luck on your goal. Doing SOMETHING towards achievement is definitely better than doing nothing, regardless of how unimpressed your trainer friend might be. Having done permanent damage to my knees on numerous occasions, I can definitely relate. 3 minutes on an elliptical is about all I can stand before my knees start to buckle, though I can easily do MUCH longer than that on bikes or treadmills (as they work the knees and surrounding muscles less directly.) If you're overweight, obviously, getting the weight off of the knees will help them tremendously too. And yes, I don't know how I overlooked that you were already doing other exercise tasks, so my apologies for needlessly repeating what you already knew. Only commenting on the last line, that doesn't really put it in perspective at all. A user could, if he so chose, have email addresses at their own domain, on Gmail, AND use Outlook to access it. There's a VERY blurry line between the usage patterns of the average mail user. That said, I agree with you in thinking the parent was underestimating Outlook's prevalence. They don't? Seriously though, I do think there's a correlation between how somebody believes something should look and what framework they choose, even if only subconsciously, and even if only rarely, that gives the impression that Rails apps look a certain way. That said, there are defaults on the template generation of each, but the Django defaults are only for the 'Welcome' page, and it doesn't scaffold templates, and I agree that the Rails-scaffolded templates (that a lot of designers probably just extend, vs. replacing altogether) look better than a lot of pages in general. For what it's worth, I prefer the look and feel of yours by quite a lot. Everything above the top adsense block needs a little tweaking, but everything below it is gorgeous. I'm not crazy about the logo; It isn't bad, but it does look like a (really good) layman's attempt at creating a logo. I (also a developer) have the same exact problem, in that I come up with a 'good enough' logo and usually stick with it for longer than I should have. People LIKE logos, and honestly, if we could have a nickel for every time an inferior product won market share due to a better logo, we'd probably both be rich. The "Questions, People, Ask a Question" are kind of the same way. The white font looks a little off -- I might try a slightly softer off-white color, but it also makes them stand out. A more experienced UI guy could tell you more about it, certainly. The login and signup aren't nearly prominent enough, I think. I had a hard time finding them. If I played with the app more, I might discover that you've solved the problem by prompting for login/registration on actions, which is where I think they ought to be, or something, but they're also a little blah. Lastly (and this is actually parallel to the adwords, but I'm throwing it in because you asked) the double-turn-down effect on the search just bugs me. I don't know why. If it were rounded on both ends, I'd probably be fine. If they turned in opposite directions (ala Digg) I'd probably be fine. It also doesn't scream 'search' to me either. These might be the amateurish ramblings of a novice UI guy, so take them all with a grain of salt, but I'd at least try to get some consultation with somebody with more experience. I really do love the layout, so please don't take any offense. I only say because you asked, and I really think the overall design is nice, even if you hadn't said you weren't a designer. The colors work, the transition from blue to white in the content layer is solid. The wraparound labels on the informational boxes may as well be gold-plated. The 'answers' and 'votes' buttons are splendid too. Like I said, I like it. Just wanted to put up another vote for name.com. They're quite good. I admittedly wasn't following it at the time, but isn't that basically exactly what happened to RIM regarding push email? Honestly, I doubt it. They'll remember the makeup probably, and likely little else. Unless your hair is also noteworthy, I doubt most would remember it. I remember the story of the naked bank robber, who got away with it because nobody could describe his face, as they were too distracted by his nudity. If it was written to work with IE6 (as was a lot of software in the day) it was likely written in the era when IE6 was THE target market. Simply put, IE6 was the only game in town, really. If you wanted to make dynamic applications that were worth a damn, you wrote it for IE6. That said, I agree that in this day and age, it is inexcusable. One other point, you may be unaware (as I was until pointed out to me) that 'gypped' is a racial slur against Romani (or broader, Italians). I was about to post this exact same topic, only more clumsily. Here here. Perhaps I don't have the appropriate history, but XML did a fine job of doing what it was supposed to do. I don't know of any other method (at the time of XML's inception) that allowed you to throw arbitrary fields into a file, describe them all, describe their relationships and reasonably convey to the user what you can do with all of it, and be human readable and be machine readable all at the same time. Perhaps I'm an idiot and JSON's a lot older than I'm giving it credit for, but I thought XML was (and still is) a decent tool. I also don't think that it's overly verbose given how descriptive it can be. For as much as I like my iPad, I agree with you 100%. I'm not crazy about the hardware as much as I am the OS (which is basically just iphone OS), and I know that with Apple's developer restrictions (and that I don't know Objective C, and probably won't bother to learn it because of Apple's developer restrictions) it'll never be more than a toy for me until somebody builds an app that makes it an appliance. As of right now, Epicurious comes closest to this goal, of transforming it into a purpose-built piece of hardware. The obvious counter-argument to this is to build apps as HTML(4 or 5) for the iPad, and then they should "just work" whenever an Android competitor comes out, but for now, the iPad's lack of slide animations in Safari bugs the living hell out of me. I don't usually try to make pointless posts, but this is a BEAUTIFUL application, and there is almost no aspect of it that I do not love, even if I will likely never use it. Usually you can find the specifics of these sorts of contracts on FBO.gov, but upon a closer inspection of the article, the $20MM win to Booz was a University of Maryland contract, so I can't dig up any specifics. In all fairness, even if the work WAS just to stand up a mailing list and a wiki, I would expect it to be no less than 3 million. Many contractors spend up to a million just to WIN THE BID (though unlikely for one so small), but hell, just meeting the requirements of the RFP process requires expert personnel who charge upwards of $300 an hour. Doesn't work in IE7 I guess? All I see is a green bar that isn't draggable. I already noted in the comments that the UI isn't necessarily obvious, but I've tried pushing, pulling, dragging every visible element on the page, and haven't seen anything happen. I disagree. Had the number some actual reason for being chosen, some relevance, or some greater purpose, then such would have come out in the book. As it stands, the complete and utter irrelevance of it is almost a plot point in the book. That there is a great system of machinations far greater than what any single individual could possibly understand is a fantastic premise -- that it derives a nonsensical answer that the universe can't comprehend is even more fantastical, and in my opinion, is part of what works about the story; I honestly don't think it would have held as well if the number actually had some importance. It's a minor nit to pick, but I believe the majority of this was done pre-election, and hence, paid for out of campaign dollars. That isn't to say that some of us didn't pay for it, but the initial development of these plugins was almost certainly not done with taxpayer money. If you're ever in the DC area, I'll be more than happy to depress you with all of the ways in which taxpayer money is all but thrown away by the millions, but in this particular instance, I think we're okay. I'm not sure that I get it. Is it a directory? By the introduction, I was expecting it to be a hosting service -- or a way to consolidate the management of various cloud services through APIs. Upon looking at the page for the first time, I thought perhaps it was an inventorying utility. After stumbling on some good searches, I guess it's a directory I can search for business-ready applications? Are these services hosted on cloudomatic? Are they one-click installs? Wait -- nevermind, it looks like I can set up services with a variety of different services, and this acts as the directory for me -- like a PageFlakes for my services. (Sorry, the format of this might seem like I'm being a douche, but I typically start typing in these posts so you can see my thought process.) Okay, now that I know what it is, I'll say that the design is pretty, but the UI is VERY non-intuitive. Also, some searches return nothing -- this would be okay, if it actually SAID it returned zero results, but all I see is the ajax-loader image disappear. Yeah, I wasn't really critiquing so much as just pouring out my train of thought. As for 'how to get started', you could do a video, or probably even a well-worded description of what it is for would help... there is just zero instruction at the moment. The description you gave above is actually pretty close to what you probably want on the homepage, but now that I've figured out what it is, I might just be 'intuiting' the answer from knowledge I already have. I get that there isn't a serious argument here, but how do you reconcile when the guy using 'megadeth' moves to a different cubicle? I've always had (what I would guess are) odd schemes. My first naming scheme was based around beat poets (Kerouac, Ginsberg, Burroughs), but currently, my scheme is 'cool Jacks that I like', which includes Bristow, McCoy, Kerouac, Kevorkian, Kirby, etc. BSG callsigns sound awesome, and somebody else mentioned colors, but I think scaling that gets confusing, especially if you're color blind, as I am. So poignant a comment, I wish that I could do more than upvote. Regards. I would be inclined to agree, but for this one line: "I declined on the grounds that I was pissed off I was being called so many times" That, and that he then seems to take offense when they call him unprofessional? Love him or hate him, but at least come up with a better reason than that to your (business partners|vendors|partners|sources) when trying to work out a dispute. I think that the major problem is that most IE6 only applications are intranet-based, and hence, not something we can just send a link to. I know of at least 4 within my old company's firewalls, and probably 7 or more within the ATF's firewalls, but I can't link them over or (without violating licensing restraints) bundle them up and ship a copy either. Except that it's now available for pre-order, which your other link distinctly does not mention. I'm not paying to use the web version, but if it's written in HTML5 it can leverage the cache-manifest (or Gears, either way) and work offline as well. Do you know one way or another that it isn't? The flip side to that, as a person currently dissolving his marriage of 10 years, is that it's a LOT harder to find a 'loyal friend for life' than it is with some other quality you prefer. It's also easy to rationalize how _easy_ it would be to love someone _forever_ when you're in the throes of new love, and just as easy to chalk up blame when that passion dies. I agree with the sentiment, I really do, and my (soon to be ex-) wife and I are still really good friends, but not only is 'find your best friend' not _necessarily_ a magic bullet, but it's also a lot harder to ferret out than, say, 'large breasted' or 'wealthy'. Though, it could just be my bitterness talking. :'( But I so seldom have access to lockable drawers in the coffee shop. The main reason I switched to Nginx is that it uses dramatically less memory than Apache. Running a semi-popular message board, I was eating through 4Gb of memory between Apache and MySQL on Ubuntu, and simply switching over to Nginx was faster and freed up over 1Gb of allocated memory immediately. Since then, I've grown to dramatically prefer its configuration file syntax and usability. To the bathroom? Ew. If you 'Change' the background image, there's one with just a white background, which effectively takes it back to what you're used to. It isn't exactly 'turning it off' per se, but it's probably what you want, regardless. I downmodded your comment because you misspelled misspelled as misspelt. I didn't actually, but c'mon. The one I try to pay attention to is when you're quoting, and continue afterwards. "He said that he was finished," he stated. (For example) -- but only because I can't think of a more appropriate use of punctuation there, really. I always make sure to leave little details like that in my comments. ;-) There's an app for that? Between locale (which allows you to set location-based ring preferences [e.g., do not ring while at the movie theater, but turn the ringer back on when my location is elsewhere]) and some other app whose name I can't remember (that lets you set positional ring-settings [like, if I place my phone face down on the desk, it won't ring, otherwise it will]) -- I don't know what else I might be missing. I'm not at all familiar with recent Blackberries though, so if I'm ill-informed, please let me know. You might also consider whiteboard paint. Paint a wall surface and voila, instant whiteboard. That said, the one guy I know who did it ended up covering it with glass panels, so YMMV. Actually, it might have been Locale that did both of those tasks. I just looked over the feature listing, and apparently it can configure display, network settings, notification settings, ringtones, volume and wallpaper based on location, calender events, manual timers, contacts or battery / charging levels. I don't see position, but uhhh, maybe? In my case, I can tell you it's because I don't already know PG, and MySQL hasn't let me down to the point that I've had to consider switching. I've done the 'apt-get install postgresql' routine a few times, and started to play with it, but due to it being different enough, and without any compelling motivation, I've never been able to learn it beyond scratching the surface. That said, I'm a developer, and not a DB admin, so the limitation is almost certainly mine. I'd say that is VERY situational. If the area you're bad at is, for an extreme example, 'managing to complete tasks you start', and something you're good at is 'eating Cheetos really quickly', then you can see where it would make sense to reinforce the bad before bothering to work on the good, just because it's easier. So, perhaps I'm way off base here, and there is some actual need, but I just having a hard time seeing Twitter as something more than a luxury. I can't help but wonder how much it would be used in developing nations, honestly, but my gut feeling is 'close to none'. Can you enlighten me as to how you feel this would benefit people? More to the point though, I worry that something so single-purposed is far less useful than something like OLPC program, or in somehow making a greener, solar/hand-crank powered general computing device, as they would then have not only twitter, but lots of other tools. The required time and materials to build something JUST for twitter seems excessive when that same device should easily work for Facebook, Gmail, etc? Today I am recovering from my first actual mixed martial arts class. My wife and I (recently reconciled, if you're following my posts) went, and she learned her first jab, (vicious) right cross, uppercut, left hook, front kick, body kick, armbar, rear naked choke and a kimura that's still got my arm a little weak. I used to train in a number of martial arts like, 20 years ago, but now I'm 33, about 25-30 pounds overweight, and VERY out of shape, and decided to jump back in 100%. Joined a Team Lloyd Irvin dojo (Ivey League MMA) and did the MMA basics course, which nearly killed me during the warm up, but I and my wife kept going through the entire class. We'll be going back Saturday, and my 8 year old daughter is enrolled as well after watching the other kids enjoy kicking the snot out of the instructors. As for a picture of the development environment... I suppose this'll do? http://i468.photobucket.com/albums/rr41/iveyleaguepics/grand... If you're looking for a home for it, feel free to shoot me an email. Additional features that would be nice include: - a playback interface that allows for realtime streaming of the video as it is being ingested - meta-tag searching Taking it a step further, you should probably also be developing an 'evite' style approach to invitations. Target the eco-friendly, or the progressives, or the tree-huggers, and just bypass the paper market altogether, while still creating a new niche in upscale digital invitations. Natural extensions on that theme include a digital registry, guestbook, etc. Completely offtopic, but I replied to the OP (on reddit) and remembered a problem of my own that I'm having, and I can't quite figure out how to solve. Nginx + Django -- I have wildcard DNS on mydomain.com, and want to support customers such that customer1.mydomain.com gets its own database. I thought I'd be able to use fastcgi_param to inject a variable to fcgi, and then read it with os.environ.get('fastcgi_param'), and then 'IF' the settings.py to import customer1.settings.py (to override the database), but I can't seem to make it work. Any thoughts? Well, thanks for the response, despite the downvote. That said, it may seem like a 'bad' idea, as I understand the pitfalls in managing a consistent data schema across n databases, but it also seems like a much more performant idea than building a customer table and having to do an extra join on every read query for every ticket for every logged in user. I like the third option quite a bit (though what I was trying to do looked more like the second) but the problem that I'm having moreso than anything is in trying to GET a fastcgi parameter as a variable in my settings.py. I'll carry this over to SO, as the downvotes suggest that this is not only offtopic, but inappropriately placed altogether, but thanks a million for your insight. I like the idea, but as a cost-savings measure, wouldn't it have been cheaper to just sandblast the glass and forego the artistic motifs? Turns out? Nothing. I halfway participated in a hackathon recently, and since then, I've found myself... motivated. Usually when the urge strikes, my day job starts taking up too much time, or life happens, or I realize my idea is stupid. This time, however, I'm just going to go for it. I don't care that the product I'm building is in a VERY crowded space. I don't care that there's no 'killer feature' to draw the crowds in. I don't care that it really isn't that marketable. It's a product, and I'm building it -- and while I don't expect it to set the world on fire, I've stutter-started enough times in my life that I feel like just finishing something and releasing it will be a huge step in the right direction, so that's what I'm doing. You won't read about this product on TechCrunch, and you won't see it lauded as the next great thing, but you will be able to register for it and use it, and ideally, within a month and a half to two months. And you can bad-mouth it all you like, I'll have done... something. It's debatable as to whether or not I'll be able to honestly, there are some good (and a LOT of bad) products in the space. Effectively, it's issue tracking, and while I have some ideas that scratch my own itch which HOPEFULLY will appeal to others, my goal is to make something that services the small-to-medium sized business moreso than the enterprise apps currently do, and with more refinement than the open source apps do. That said, I don't honestly know how much better mine will be than something like osTicket, except to say that the workflow will be dramatically different. Thanks for the well-wishing. I'm sure I'll make an equally tentative post when I release. Having over-focussed on so many details in the past, let me offer some simple advice -- move past it. Start working on the product. The product that I'm building right now was named "something maybe" for weeks until the right name struck (that had an available domain name). Historically, I've moved forward in leaps and bounds until either a problem presented itself or I'd get bogged down in something so trivial as a product name. Really, it doesn't matter. In retrospect (and I have no idea whether or not this applies to you), I was stalling because I didn't know what to do after that. If you're stuck on a company name, simply substitute "working title" until you get moving, and the name will come. Regardless of the criticisms, if you need another beta tester, you'll find my email in your sqlite database. ;-) Seriously though, best of luck, and godspeed. I think js10k limits entries to those only readable in UTF-8 which, I believe, a PNG (compressed or uncompressed) does not meet. I think your examples, while possibly somewhat contrived, fall quite flat. I personally would be proud of the fact that I completely ignored anything related to "How I Met Your Mother" to delve deeper into the field of mathemetics, for example. I don't know why ignorance on a subject is so unforgiveable in your opinion. That said, I quite enjoy HIMYM, but I certainly wouldn't fault anyone else for not having seen it. I can't imagine any other way to interpret "If you flag something, please don't also comment that you did." Please enlighten me? I somewhat take issue with the re-wording, if only because I equate loyalty to so much more than 'sticking around'. The statement, "bad employees don't quit" holds more water than "bad employees are more loyal." If they were more loyal, their loyalty would offset their badness, generally speaking. It's possible to have an imcompetent employee who tries really hard, but generally, the 'bad' employees are the ones who could do better, but who aren't loyal to the work, loyal to the customers, or loyal to a work ethic. I don't know if that's what the other responder meant, but the rewording you put makes it slightly less accurate, though I definitely agree with the sentiment. I work for the federal government, and have worked for large corporations; While the bashing may not have been required, it's definitely appropriate in this scenario. It applies to much more than you'd expect. I've always heard it referred to as the golden triangle, in which the three best options are presented. In IT services (or web design, or whatever, really), my first exposure to it was "Good, Fast, Cheap; Pick any two." I know it's early yet, so take this with all appropriate grains of salt, but that is easily the most insightful comment I've read today, and really drives home a point I've been trying to make for awhile (and probably failed to). I started out with Ruby, because of Rails, and just never seemed to quite make it jive with me mentally. When I found Python (because of Django), everything clicked more. I'm not even sure it was the language differences that clicked more for me, or whether it was the documentation, or the code samples, or some other intangible that made it all work. 1) It isn't exactly the same. The tab bar has been floated next to the URL bar, some of the icons have been shifted around, and overall, it seems to take up less space for the browser chrome to allow more space for the content. 2) Why do you need 2 search boxes? 3) Really? No possibility of the interface ever changing? I honestly figured Mozilla had it all figured out with Firefox 3.0 (or whichever version had the search box right next to the URL box,) until Chrome came along and had a multi-purpose URL box (that let you perform searches.) To make the statement that it will never, ever, ever change just seems brazen. As I said, in Chrome, the address box IS the search box. It works that way really well, except on the outside chance that you're trying to search for a URL, or something, but I think we can agree that's an edge case. I agree that you need tabs, but I thought that the IE9 preview was pretty clever in floating the tabs next to the address bar, meaning it takes up one less panel than before. Do you need a title line? Really? Do you need a status line? I think the default behavior in Chrome is that the 'status' line floats onto the screen when there's something to show, otherwise there isn't one. I agree that you need a favorites bar, but I disagree that it won't ever change. As for your second paragraph, let's just say that I disagree with it both in premise and in practice. Chrome's UI completely obliterates the points you suggest in the first paragraph, and again, I think the assertion that it won't ever change is as wrong as the (faulty) assertion that it hasn't ever changed, because clearly it has. I'd had some experience with Perl and quite a bit of experience (had built a couple large-ish apps) in PHP. The reason I referenced Rails and Django as motivators in finding those languages is because after having built and then forced to maintain an enterprise-class application in PHP, I REALLY liked the notion of an MVC framework, and things like Cake and Symfony weren't out (or at least I didn't know about them) yet. So, yeah, I wasn't a programming newbie altogether, but I wasn't as comfortable in just picking up new languages either. Except that you then don't have a search box. That's the magic of Chrome, is that the address bar IS ALSO the search box. Eh. Most of my work (not all) is done within the confines of a company. There are some dramatically different ideas when you're writing something to be used WITHIN a company than when you're writing something to be used BY a company. Most of it makes sense, or seems obvious, but your SAAS companies don't typically offer Active Directory (or LDAP) integration, as most companies aren't willing to expose their directories outside of their firewalls. Auditing levels tend to be more paranoid, and need to be structured so that they can be fed into (or are at least sane enough to be read by) the industry-standard log analysis tools. Admin accounts are typically transitioned to in-house users, or employees of the company, instead of being managed by the man behind the curtain (you). So, perhaps it's that my experience is different than the majority of HN here, but to me, 'enterprise development' is a dramatically different process than what those guys at 37Signals do, for example. I was loathe to respond to the parent, because I didn't want to encourage it. That said, I can agree with that somewhat, but if I'm buying into a service, I care much, much more about the service I'm paying for than whether or not the founder goes mountain climbing or hang gliding or whatever. For better or worse, I'm convinced that this is the reason that PHP took off the way it did. The documentation was clear, concise, easy to access (perhaps the first example of user friendly URLs I can remember), and effective; That each function had user-submitted (moderated) comments was the icing on the cake. Being able to look at a function, have clear documentation WITH EXAMPLES was brilliant -- being able to see some of the common questions and resolutions from users was exemplary. I know that the python docs are largely considered aces, but I have yet to see a language reference as good as the PHP documents. I hate the language, but it was the first language I could actually learn from its own documentation. It's quite likely a vengeful attempt to prohibit FG from making any money off of it. While the saint in me agrees with your perspective, the devil says "If I'm not getting rich off this pad, then nobody else is either," and that's what I suspect Arrington's doing. On the off chance that FG turns it around and somehow does manage to take it to market successfully (which this suit will almost certainly impede,) then Arrington and company should get to reap the proceeds (if that is what the court finds.) I'm not sure exactly what you're taking issue with, but both statements can be equally true at the same time, and I can't read either of them in a way in which one contradicts the other. But Guinness isn't all that unique... for a Stout. It's unique compared to the other beers listed, just as if the comparison were done with Wikipedia, Dictionary.com, TechCrunch and Youtube. There are obvious differences in scope and purpose between the first three, but mainly, they're websites with mostly text, whereas Youtube is a website with mostly video. In a 'website' comparison, YouTube would be the standout, but if you did a more specific comparison between Break, YouTube, Vimeo and RedTube, you might find that RedTube is the standout, and YouTube fares on average with the others. My daughter was raised similarly to the girls in the article -- we bought gender-neutral toys, painted her room in neutral colors, and deliberately avoided buying any toys that swayed particularly one way or the other. By the age of three, she had all but insisted that we buy her pink clothes and girlier toys, to which we of course caved (I mean, if she wants it, so be it -- we just weren't trying to influence.) She's a smart kid, and she's into plenty of non-girl things (She's currently training mixed martial arts at the age of 8, and loves playing in the mud) -- but her school wardrobe almost entirely consists of decidedly non-boy attire, and her field hockey and lacrosse sticks are pink. We weren't exactly TRYING to steer her away from it, and it was by no means an experiment on our part, we just didn't want to predispose her to girlie things without provocation, so it's in no way scientific -- but we definitely didn't steer her. They very well can be equally true. $5,000 a day is 'more than' $5k a month, no matter how you read it. While I agree that it's a potentially confusing statement, I just don't see anything factually incorrect about it. For what it's worth, my interpretation is that 'on average' or perhaps 'since he started', he's made generally over $5,000 in a month, but lately he's doing far better than that. Perhaps I'm the one reading too much into it here, but I strongly disagree that it is in any way misleading or semantically problematic. I suppose if you disregard the rest of my statement, then you are justified in your comments, but again, based on my reading, it makes sense note the 'lately' in the second part of the statement? To me, that's a qualifier that during the current timeline, he's doing exceptionally, or abnormally well. Without contacting the author, the subject of the story, or someone in the know, we just have to keep peeing in each other's corn flakes, without knowing the true answer. Regardless, I just don't see justification for taking such issue with the statement. Edit: I was missing a 'you' in the first sentence. I suppose. I don't think so, but if the votes matter at all, I suppose the majority agrees with you, though I'm more than a little surprised by them, since I believe I am factually correct. So it goes. I suppose that's possible, but we were trying to steer away from either extreme -- it wasn't as though we replaced her Barbies with GI Joes, we just bought Legos instead. We tried to ensure that all her toes were educational, even if it wasn't the focus of the toy (i.e., we didn't try to eliminate 'fun'.) That said, we weren't doing anything in particular to keep her away from commercials, or limiting social interactions from her peers or anything, so there really wasn't much of a 'control' group whatsoever. As I understand, I don't think Google particularly cares if someone replaces their device with an iPhone -- the last I heard from Google on the subject was (paraphrasing) 'any phone with mobile web and applications is good for us', the premise being that any device capable of visiting Google's web services was all that they wanted out of consumers, so that we could keep consuming their services and being served their ads. I guess I should probably assume that the answer is no, but does this work with Internet Explorer 7? Either it doesn't, or I can't figure out how to proceed. Oh, I'm not making any claims, just observations. Like I said, we hardly raised her in isolation -- by the age of two, she was engaged in social activities with other kids (co-ed), and watching TV shows targeted to her age group. I have almost no doubt that it was a societal influence, it just took us for a loop, as it definitely hadn't come from us. Even saying that sounds somewhat insincere though, as it wasn't as though we were avoiding fairly traditional gender roles ourselves, but Mrs. Melton has absolutely no predisposition to wearing pink. No worries. I was at the office is all. I don't voluntarily use IE7 for the fun of it. ;-) So, once I figured out what it was, I think that the idea is worthwhile. I don't know how much of a market there is, given that all the designers I've worked with just use pseudo-versioned Basecamp links, and give me multiple things to click on in my email (e.g., v1.0, v1.1, v1.2) -- if it integrated with Basecamp, I think you've got a huge winner, otherwise, I'm seeing it as a rather tough sell. Of course, I don't know the market that well, and for your sake, I'm happy to be wrong. The main thing I see though, is that the front page needs a LOT more explaining to do. I thought that I was looking at some tool that detected subtle differences between photos, and couldn't grasp the significance of the picture variations thinking that there was some code to the squares and circles. Some copy should easily fix that. Other miscellaneous comments that aren't nearly so important (to me): - if you've shipped, then why do the links say 'will be active at launch'? Didn't you launch? - I'd probably left align the logo, and maybe the text. I don't know that I'd left align it all the way over, but to where the left margin would be on a 960 grid feels right to me. - I quite like the logo, but I hate the font in the teaser. This tool doesn't serve me, so take my comments with a grain of salt, but overall I think it's a fairly solid offering in general. I can definitely see it being useful. For the non-Railers among us, can somebody please expound upon what I'm looking at? Did somebody submit a typo-gem? Is it in some way malicious? I don't get it. I work for the federal government, and I work with (but not for) HP/EDS in the building, as they supply the majority of infrastructure services to this agency (including Active Directory, DNS, core and edge network, etc.) While HP is a competitor to me here, we work cooperatively more than not, and I've never had an issue where another contractor was the impediment. Conflicting, or impossible-to-meet requirements are the norm from the government. Schedules shift in ways that aren't humanly possible to complete. The government competes the work out to contractors, establishes a contract for the work, and then refuses to live up to the terms of the agreements made. As part of a video collection effort I was working on, the government wanted to use a reporting tool in place of a document management system... as a document management system. When we explained that we could not purchase that software for them in good faith, they bought it anyway, and then insisted that we use it instead of the document management system we'd proposed (but had not yet purchased) -- citing that we should 'leverage existing resources'. Rest assured, even at the best of times, the government is a difficult customer, and impossible to comprehend. I understand that DOD-agencies are supposed to be a little better, but I've yet to see anything even remotely close to what I'd consider rational in a business sense. Just to speak to the one point of security measures, government computers do perform data at rest encryption and network access control. Threat heuristics are done off-the-shelf with something like McAfee/Norton on the workstation end, and with commodity IDS software running at the edge, which I think sounds about right. For most government machines, they're required to be connected via VPN, and all traffic funneled through the respective agencies in order to be on the internet at all, so at least the cloud data they do access has the opportunity to be logged, scrubbed and sanitized by the agency in question. I can't speak specifically for Navy, but with most agencies I've dealt with (including DOD,) this is how things are. So, long story short, if they aren't required to perform any security measures like the above-mentioned, then they should really get kudos for going above and beyond. That said, at least where I am, those are requirements, so I'm guessing the reporter either misspoke or was uninformed. Finger cramps? Finger braces? Carpal tunnel? I think the obvious answer there is 'Yes'. Most people I know have their email accounts through GMail, Yahoo, Hotmail, AOL or what have you. Those companies are profitable, and their customers rely on them to host their email entirely outside of their own, individual control. Regarding your other point, the thing to note here is that these are separate services, which you would have to subscribe to in order to get them into your inbox. That's not to say that Google won't ever co-opt these features into GMail, but at least in the current, there's no 'default' option to allow my Inbox be accessible to some foreign party. For what it's worth, I typically pronounce is as 'add e ose', though in hearing you say that, I think that 'ah dee ose' does sound more ... authentic. I quite like the name, and I find it easy to spell though, as I just commented elsewhere, I pronounce adios as 'add e ose', so perhaps that's the cause. The only minor complaint I have (and whatever you do, don't take it seriously) is that it reminds me of Dora the Explorer. I'm currently up to 3 x 24" monitors, and am doing my level best to talk myself out of a fourth. The luxury is nice, when you can waste screen real estate without a care, but it's as addictive as heroin. I'm not advocating you stick with a 9" screen, but be careful with the lure of adding monitors! Wow, stack the deck much? If your application required connection to three databases concurrently, then you almost certainly wouldn't have chosen Django 1.0 as your application development platform. If connecting to multiple databases is a new requirement, then you're likely going to have to change much of your code / environment anyway, no matter whether or not you're using Django 1.0, 1.2, or Rails. Also, for what it's worth, the OP doesn't mention just Django, it mentions Pylons, Repoze, etc. Django isn't the only Python tool in the arsenal. Besides that, if you swap out your database abstraction layer in almost any language that I know of, you're going to have bigger problems than 'finding new plug-ins'. I can't think of a single ORM that is replaceable to another without significant retooling above the model layer. Most notably though, since you cite it as an example, losing the admin panel can hardly be considered as too big a deal, since the last time I looked at Rails, Symfony or Cake, none of them even offered that as a feature. As for your last sentence: I'd rather use one tool that should cover my needs than be forced to switch them because they don't fit the needs of project. Can I safely assume that you're building everything in Java then? I mean, honestly, we pick the right tool for the job, don't we? We shouldn't be building things in Django because it's all we know, just as we shouldn't be building things in Ruby/Rails for that reason. Take a look at the challenges and figure out what makes sense. If you don't know wha the challenges are before you start developing (they're often surprising), then just start iterating until you figure out what they are. In this case, whatever framework or development platform lets you iterate the most quickly is the winner, whatever language it happens to be written in. You say that so negatively, but I bet, at the very least, it would mean we could skip the "HN Sucks now" threads that pop up every month. Edit: I just wanted to say that I was joking there, since it might not be obvious. The detriment of course would be that we'd lose out on the advice of the non-technical members we have here. Do you also tell them that every email provider worth their salt is performing some sort of analysis on their mail? It's not particular to Google. Google didn't invent mail routing, or spam filtering, or any of the other reasons that people would be scanning my mail. Hotmail, Yahoo, et al have been doing it since far before GMail was even a product. I haven't played with Silver Lining yet due to its infancy, but I personally considered the problem solved with virtualenv and fabric, though my deployments aren't exactly complicated anyway. For everybody saying 'I already had this idea, but never did it', bravo. I never had this idea, and of course, never did it, but I highly approve. Alton Brown would be proud. I always felt that the hashtags were a good idea, but that everybody was using them wrong. If, for example, my tweet looks like this: "I had a great time posting on Hacker News #hackernews, #great_time" then I am doing it all wrong. I thought the smarter implementation would be to do something more like: "I had a #great_time posting on #hackernews" It doesn't eat up as much space, but the inclusion of the hash allows for content grouping and all the other nonsense it provides. The first time I saw it used in the first way, I was kind of sad for the author, as I believe that the intent was for them to replace words, and the author just didn't get it... but I've seen it misused more than I haven't, so either the world at large is doing it wrong, or I am misunderstanding something. Windows 7 is pretty good actually, on its own. It's especially good if you compare it to any previous version of Windows (though I confess to having had good luck out of Win2k Pro.) I see a comment elsewhere stating that it's good if you let it pigeonhole you into using IE and Bing, but that's nonsense. I'm using Chrome and Duck Duck Go and all sorts of non-Microsoftian stuff, and everything works just fine on the rather non-standard setup that I have. Upvoted -- I wanted to say something to that effect in my previous rant, except that I was a late adopter to Win2k, and all the pain I remember hearing about was pre-SP2 (which I didn't join until after). Regardless, I fondly remember Windows 2000, though I also remember it as a MUCH more spartan system than 7 is, and 7 easily trounces it, in my humble opinion. I say leave it there. It's innocuous enough, and it'll be valuable demographic data later on. If you stop asking for it now, and then need to start later then people will be suspicious, and you'll have holes in the data from when you didn't ask. Of course, with all user submitted input, don't ever assume it to be right. ;-) The points have been discussed so often elsewhere in this thread, but I just wanted to point out that, for me at least, this is very much the low road. Bowing down to socio-political pressure without being demanded to, for a service that is very clearly popular and (I believe) ought to be legal is, in my opinion, spineless. I understand that their heart is in the right place, and I'm very understanding that their belief system may not match my own, so I applaud them for doing what they feel is right... but that is all that I can applaud them for. I just wanted to say that I clicked over to genevine, and while I honestly don't know if I have even a remote need for this application, I'll almost certainly be using it (and just registered) because it's gorgeous, and very thoughtfully put together. Without looking, one easy way to do it would be to AJAX the entire site, such that when you click on a link, it loads the entire content panel dynamically, while keeping the player div active. Basically, reload everything on the page except the player, but never actually take the user to another page. Maybe a dumb question, but my brief scan over there didn't see US Dollars or anything in American English. Do they have a US website, location or affiliate? something something ate corn in a cornfield? (Sorry to respond to such an old item, but I just got the chance to look) I don't know what browser you're using, or if they're doing something to mask the URL that they're using, but in IE7, the url IS updated on anchor fragments. The links themselves point to something canonical looking (e.g., like.fm/user/home), but when you actually click on it, the url you end up at is clearly implemented using anchor fragments (i.e., like.fm/#/user/home). For what it's worth, there's a bug in it on IE7, such that if I keep clicking the same link (even after I get there), it malforms, and keeps malforming with each click (though the pages still seem to work) -- like.fm/user/home#r//user//user//user//user/home Feel free to downmod me, but in defense of the parent, it isn't a summary, but a rebuttal / questioning of some of the points presented. Some of the questions raised are interesting, and add to the discussion considerably. I don't know if it was edited after your post, but it lists Scrapy right next to Beautiful Soup. My experience is similar, but based more on Sprints and more frequent, shorter meetings. We also utilized "Post-It Driven Development", meaning that all our tasks were written on post-its, with an estimated time-to-completion (rough, like 2 hours, 8 hours, 2 days, etc.) We would meet for 10 minutes or less each morning, and each person would move their post-its as necessary -- we had 4 columns, not started, started, finished or roadblocked. Each day the post-its got moved over to where they needed to go, and anybody who looked at the board could see exactly who was working on what, how much work was remaining, how much work was completed, and who was or wasn't doing a good job of time estimations. New feature requests would be queued by the product manager until all of the previous sprint's features were implemented (or delayed, or resolved in some other way), and then we'd start over. I admittedly don't know the details, but if he has a severance, that usually implies that he was let go. All the non-competes I've ever read were effectively voided in the event of employer termination, unless the severance amount also included a non-compete clause itself. RFIs are completely different than RFPs. RFIs have much less stringent requirements, and are usually (gasp) awarded to whomever can convince the government that their bid is the most capable or complete. RFPs are the scary ones, in which to even enter means you're competing with the likes of Boeing, Grumman, Halliburton, et al. Those are nigh impossible to win without serious inroads pre-existing. Don't worry. I'm sure there's something you would spend money on that DHH finds equally atrocious. First, I recommend viewing the slides on slideshare proper ( http://www.slideshare.net/bokardo/designing-for-social-tract... ). Some of the slides were hard to read for me on the smaller embed. Secondly, wow. This is a seriously worthwhile click. I'm only about halfway through it, so there's still time for it to go downhill I suppose, but while some of the tips are more commonplace (delay registration as long as you can), others were downright insightful (Instead of asking "Can people fill out our sign-up form?" Ask "Are people motivated to care?"). It's long, so save it for later if you're in a hurry, but I recommend against skipping it altogether. Considering this is based on profiles from users at a dating site, wouldn't the inverse be more likely? I personally have posted mathematically provable facts that happened to go against popular opinion be downvoted into negativity, so I wouldn't say it's that rare. On the whole, the general behavior seems to trend towards upvoting interestingness, but it's by no means insanely uncommon at all, I think. I think you could say the same about any foreign operating system and any user, regardless of how technical. The more technical have better guesses at where to find things (e.g., Oh, it's not under 'System', maybe it's under 'Administration') based on familiarity with OS patterns, but if you sat me down in front of a Gentoo box running XFCE, I'd look just as much the fool as the next guy for the first 20 minutes or so (except I'd drop down to shell -- though the same applies for BSD even there.) The best synopsis I heard (I can't remember who said it, nobody famous) was that "The hardest part about learning Linux is UNlearning whatever else you know first." I think that correctly asserts that yeah, you won't find things in the "Control Panel", and you won't be able to "Win+R" for a run dialog, etc. Otherwise, I personally have had nothing but positive feedback from my less technical friends that I've turned on to Ubuntu, except for the usual complaints, or when they have to give up foo application because it doesn't exist (Photoshop, World of Warcraft, whatever.) Depends on what the BS _is_ I suppose. For me, I'd categorize almost all of the time I spend on HN that I should otherwise be working as BS. I know that 'me too' statements aren't generally accepted on HN, so I feel like I'm unnecessarily expounding on the notion, but that's basically what I had today, yesterday, the day before, etc. While I'd love to kick the cigarette vice, I feel like it's my soul that has the coffee addiction. I could take or leave the caffeine even (maybe), but the taste of coffee is simply irreplaceable on all but the hottest of mornings. Not to be condescending, but not everybody buys cars for the image they convey. In the event that they actually prefer form over function, a Pagani Zonda is chock full of actual performance that would beat the pants off of any classic Jag or Ferrari. While I personally agree that it's not what I would have bought, I'm also not so arrogant as to presume to tell others what to do with the money they earned, or whether or not they should feel free to enjoy their hobbies how they wish. I'm glad you brought it up -- I figured it was bad form to do so personally, and was even ashamed of posting the comment you responded to here. That said, I didn't see Max Klein's response, so I'm quite glad you pointed that out to me, as it was curious; However, I don't feel I was dismissive in the slightest. In light of the correction, I can see how others could view my stance as at odds with reality, but I personally didn't see cause for concern. Again though, my reading / interpretation of the statement was clearly not what was intended, so my logic is predicated upon a fallacy. I feel I understand it much better now that you've brought it up, because I was honestly dumbfounded at the time. Still, so as not to betray my Irish stubbornness, it _was_ mathematically correct. ;-) Presumably, there are people out there using it for what the things it (was likely) made for -- short computational tasks, temporary processing, or jobs that require lots of computation but aren't time sensitive -- meaning there will always be people who aren't using the instance 24x7. Still, I wonder the same thing -- actually, whether or not it's possible for the spot pricing to go higher than the on-demand pricing, etc. That makes sense, and says what I've felt/intuited (but never known for sure). I typically put a username / password box on any pages I want people to be logged in for. Now, obviously, this includes pages that they must be logged in for, but those pages should enforce authentication more strictly; But what I really mean are the pages that don't 'require' authentication, but for any number of reasons, it is preferred. Also, I've always believed that the 'two boxes on a page' approach draws them torwards the login, and acts more as a call to action than Twitter's dropdown approach. As alabut says though, use where appropriate. In general though, I'd say a lot of natural maturation occurs between the ages of 18 and 22, or even older for your masters degrees and the like. Anecdotally, I once worked with a girl who on paper was sharp as a whip -- 2 masters degrees from prestigious colleges, top of her class, etc., but in person, was quite socially awkward and had absolutely zero real world experience, as she had only ever been a professional student. She was responsible and mature enough to do the job, and she definitely had plenty of book-type scenarios upon which to apply her vast education, but in the little things, that typically aren't taught out of books, she floundered. Now I think she holds a great title in finance at a decent bank, which probably suits her education better, and hopefully affords her less social interaction than when I knew her. Another thing that bothers me about college (I didn't attend, though I constantly consider enrolling now) -- is that it means that degree seekers end up in the job market so late in life. I had a portfolio of applications I'd written, technical expertise, and a good working reputation by the time most college grads are just entering the job market. Obviously, I'm potentially discriminated against by companies who heavily value college degrees, but at least for early job markets, it seems that (outside of silicon valley anyway) the college grads who had to compete with others like myself were at a disadvantage. What happens if a liquidity event occurs within the first year, before the cliff? Do I still have my options, and am just unable to exercise them? I think he's referring to pre-existing apps, though I'm sure he'd be happy to have suggestions (I know I would.) In this same vain, Twitter is, effectively, a super simple idea that seems to have at least taken to legs in adoption, though I have absolutely zero idea what they're doing for revenue. "Don't study the product. Study the distribution mechanism." I'll do you one better -- study both It's primarily your example that speaks to the distribution mechanism aspect, but if the product weren't any good, you'd likely end up as a case study for your competitors as they beat you into the ground (just as you posted the screenshot the other day of the horrible bingo app that motivated you). You can't JUST do one half of it, unless you get very lucky, or have some kind of viral appeal, or are Craig Newmark, or whatever. The key to being best in class AND being perceived as best in class at the same time is to nail every aspect of product, which includes distribution in most cases. Well, the first thing I'd say is to work on your deployment model. While nothing is ever bullet-proof, you should definitely be ironing out deployment kinks before go-live anyway. One of the things I've done in the past is standing up an additional VM to deploy things to -- sandbox changes occur on my PC alone, those changes are pushed to 'dev', wherein I ensure that the base functionality works. In the process of updating dev, I script or document every change that I had to make to migrate it to current -- I then test those scripts and procedures to the new instance ('qa') and run unit tests against them before believing that it will work in production. Even still, you can't guarantee that production won't contain some data or user content that could break things, but it should at least get you more up to speed in double and triple checking your deployment strategies. Another idea you might try is to just set up a 'stable' site on either another domain or sub-domain, and make absolutely sure that doesn't change (or at least doesn't change nearly as often) at something like stable.yourdomain.com, and point reviewers to that, with the advice that it may not be 'current'. I'm in the Annapolis / DC area, if anyone's interested. Reading through the replies, the generic answer tends to be 'overestimate' or 'multiply the time you think by x', and honestly, those aren't bad answers. Getting a feel for estimation is the hardest part of consulting, and it gets worse, as every customer is different. I've had customers who came in WAY under deadline (which is a problem, because it means I have empty calendar days and am not getting paid), and I've had customers in came in WAY over deadline (which is a problem, because it means I'm pushing back other obligations or start dates.) I tend to average somewhere around 'on time', but there's no magic bullet for it, and even if there was, the customer would likely either eat/break/object to your use of a magic bullet, or expect receive ownership of said bullet at the project's completion. In the mechanical industry, this is mitigated by extensive knowledge of how long things take, and on averaging. If I call the local Jeep dealership, and ask how much it will cost to replace my transmission, they have a database they look in, which is effectively an average of how long transmission replacements have taken over the history of however long they've been replacing transmissions. They know the material cost, and they have a good average on the labor time (and of course they know the labor rate). They have experience in estimating that sort of work -- without it, their system would be largely useless. Aside from that, until you get that experience, the best advice is the oft-submitted (multiply by 'x'), and make x as generous as you think you can get away with until you get some more estimating experience under your belt. Dare I say it? Good. Bloglines has been a crappy product and user experience for years, and I honestly don't think that Google Reader is that much better (anymore -- used to be awesome). I much disagree with the assertion that RSS is dead, or even that RSS aggregators are dead/dying; I just think that Bloglines (and others) have really crappy implementations of what a news reader ought to do. Frankly, I always though that treating RSS feeds as email was the wrong way to go. - Assuming that Doubleclick was the largest company Google has acquired - Assuming that Doubleclick had 5,000 employees (generous estimate, I believe) at the time of acquisition - Assuming that Google has only acquired the 75 companies listed in Wikipedia for Google acquisitions - Using August 2008's census data No more (and likely SIGNIFICANTLY less) than 375,000 people have been acquired by Google, There are 154.9 million people in the American workforce (collecting salaries). The actual number (based on the above information) leads us to believe that 99.998% of people make more money collecting a salary than they do being bought by Google. It's worth noting, perhaps, that I might be counting the wealthiest 2% of Americans within the 154.9 million census number (or that there are dramatically fewer employees in the workforce since the bubble burst), but those wealthy folks were almost certainly not acquired by Google (although, if they were, it doesn't skew the numbers that significantly.) The answer shows my bias, I suppose, but I alternate between Plum (a feed aggregator that I am building) and Fever, which is great, but doesn't work even remotely how I want it to, and I hate that it's a self-hosted application that I pay for. It's worth the money, to be sure, I just really don't like the model as it applies to me. In reading through the blog, there's an article on the technical challenges of resizing the 135 million + images as you reorganized the site. Perhaps this is a dumb question, but if you've already got a resize script that resizes images into 6 different sizes when the seller uploads it. What was the reason you didn't just re-point that script at the filesystem instead of an uploaded file object? It may have taken slightly longer to process, but my hunch is that it may have compensated for man-hours you spent in building something new. What was the limiting factor there? A friend of mine, who I will not name, used to get pulled over a lot, for a variety of reasons (often deserved). This happened often enough, and his lawyer always advised him to not say a word, but especially when he'd been drinking, the act of getting him to talk long enough to say that he was invoking his right to silence would usually reveal that he'd been drinking. To mitigate it, he printed a laminate card, that he kept in his wallet, which very respectfully and politely invoked his right to silence. When pulled over, he would simply remove the card from his wallet and hand it to the officer. I don't know that it ever got him into or out of any trouble, but at least he had a routine, and it prevented him from talking unnecessarily. Perhaps the author could have made use of something like this? It's only FUD if you don't consider physical security at all important. When you're working with VERY sensitive data (the kind that mishandling could literally get you arrested for), you seek to secure it in every way possible. Perhaps ironically, a white-listed firewall rule for a cluster of EC2 instances is probably more secure than most government networks, but putting it anywhere that compromises physical security is just as bad. It would be much easier for them to have a stacked deck at the ready, and just swap it out for the deck in play. The physical security in MY data center has armed guards carrying MP5 uzis, and has absolutely zero tenancy except for us. I personally feel that the data there is quite safe, relatively speaking. Federal government is almost certainly what he's talking about. We have heavily guarded rooms with impressive physical security, and authorized personnel only, in which the two networks can be 'viewed' at the same time. For what it's worth, the majority of end users don't have two machines, they either visit a secured location when they need to, or have devices / software that only allow them to connect to one network OR the other at a time. Generally speaking though, the network that has access to tactical data, or knows the most recent whereabouts of Saddam Hussein is typically ignorant of Facebook, or the internet at large. If I'm being perfectly honest, it wouldn't have surprised anyone if at any time he had to spend the rest of his life in jail. He's not someone I was ever particularly proud of knowing, and in fact, the only impressive thing about him, ever, was that he carried that card around. I guess you're right, but they look like uzis enough for me, and is otherwise a compact submachine gun. What I'm referring to specifically is this, I believe: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heckler_%26_Koch_MP5 Presumably, everyone on the entire campus is trusted to be there, with increasing layers of security. There are guards posted at all entrances to the campus, where I have to present a badge + window sticker to get on. Once on campus and parked, a swipe card gets me into the building, where I am presented with an X-Ray machine for my belongings and a metal detector that I have to walk through for entrance. If I am taking any property on or off campus, I have to also present a property pass signed by someone with the authorization to allow that activity. Admittedly, I could probably sneak a flash drive on if I were so inclined, but that's probably why they do background checks on people before they're given badges and swipe cards and all that. I think we're deviating away from the real topic at hand, but regardless, I couldn't say specifically what the weakest link is... while I know that the tapes themselves have their own procedures, I don't know what they are. The 'legitimate users' issue is largely mitigated from malice by severely limiting who those users are with background checks, security clearances, layered access levels, and a culture in which everybody reinforces the security procedures and watches for others who might be violating them, intentionally or unintentionally. This isn't 100% of course, nothing is, but it's largely effective I would guess. Stolen laptops of course happen on occasion, but it's a dramatically different problem than unintentional access to a data center, or all the data therein. Further, most of the laptops I've seen have data-at-rest encryption, remote locating devices (GPS) and fairly stringent security protections on the device. In order to connect to any sensitive networks, they'd also have to use VPN and 2 factor encryption. Largely, these things have already been thought of... but more importantly, if you're statement holds weight, and they should have stringent controls everywhere to be effective, then why would they arbitrarily allow their data to be potentially compromised in the event that Amazon has less stringent requirements -- and guess what, they do. Would they? I occasionally commute to Tyson's Corner, VA, an affluent neighborhood. It's easy to see that it's more affluent by the name brands on the retail stores, but the first time I really noticed it was when I was in Wendy's, and their dollar menu (typically, $0.99,) was priced at $1.15. I thought that Wendy's had just raised their prices until I drove out of the area and noticed that the dollar menu was still in effect elsewhere. I generally agree with the sum and totality of what you're saying, and frankly, I personally think that Zuckerberg is a scumbag. Still, the majority of the stories I've read that really reinforce that feeling, I have to concede were done when he was in college. College is an interesting place, where interesting things happen -- but it isn't known for fostering the most mature adults; I know that I was a dramatically different person that age than I am now. I've grown to the point where I can make the harder choice, just because I know it's the right one. I've grown to the point where I can give someone a promise, and not have to worry about whether or not I'll follow through. I've grown to the point where I can preserve my integrity in spite of a lucrative, but unsavory way to earn money. I definitely did not possess these attributes when I was younger. So as much as I'd like to hate Zuckerberg on principle, I also know that it's the wrong thing to do, and I can see where he might have made the same sort of mistakes I might have, if given the right circumstances. Given the posts above this, I can't help but wonder how close that time threshold is to four months. It makes sense though, I mean, if I link to the mozilla.org home page due to a new software release, that shouldn't preclude the next guy from being able to link there when they make their next release, right? Ug. Apologies, I missed the whole 'vision' part, but I'd been awake for just over 24 hours when I posted that, so my reading skills were somewhat impaired. Thanks. We don't go looking for instant news on Facebook (or on Google) I don't know if it's related to Google Instant, or preference to Git's servers, or if it's just a part of their strategy to be trending more things real time, but I posted my first public git repo last night. Shortly after, I was concerned that the name I made up on the spot might have been taken by somebody before me, and (worried that) they might be overly litigious, so I went and googled for the project name, only to find my hours-old project the #4 Google result for the term. I was shocked and dumb-founded (and very, very tired), but it was 100% awesome to see that technology could even be that much faster than expected. We live in very fantastical times. I had really quite a good one with Django, which clicked to me in a way that Rails never did. I miss scaffolding though, as I think that was the 'killer app' to RAD, but I'm to the point where I feel like even my simpler apps feel constrained by either Rails or Django at this point (though I'm probably just not knowledgeable enough), and have started doing everything with Tornado and SQLAlchemy, which, while they're currently kicking my ass, doesn't give me any sense of constraint whatsoever. Of course, upper bounds have always been something that bothered me, even when they were realistically well about my own limits. When I was learning to play guitar, I went out and bought a Les Paul, for the comfort of knowing that whatever else goes wrong, I can't blame the tool. In reality I know that only poor craftsmen do that, but every time I get stuck trying to remember the 'Django' way to do something, I feel like I'm in a box I want to climb out of. On the whole though, it's quite lovely. Perhaps you missed the articles where Bloglines is shutting their doors? I agree, I don't think that the technology is going anywhere, as it's pretty much saturated with support on almost every blog / publishing platform, etc. I think that the idea of an 'RSS Reader' is dying might hold more weight, as there are a number of issues with RSS that nobody is really working to tackle (that I know of -- I personally am, but that's another conversation.) You may consider switching to Google Reader in the interim, as I don't think it's going anywhere. I hadn't heard anything about this until just now, but man, am I really glad that this isn't http://haystacksearch.org/ , as I thought they were talking about. On the flipside, while the goals of the project seem noble enough, I can't help but wonder why they didn't just try to value-add to something like Tor. Regardless, I'd much rather they stop distributing while they get things sorted out than offer a false sense of security to their users who could potentially be using Haystack in ways that, if caught, might put their lives/careers in jeopardy. I do too, but I would MUCH prefer it if that number were replaced with a count of new replies made to posts you've made, and linked to the 'threads' view of that same count. The majority of time when I post it isn't to make a point, but to get clarification or ask a question, and sometimes I forget to look for the answers, or the answer comes after my 'threads' page has gone through a few pages, making it harder to find, etc. I'll second that. Having only ever used private CVS before in my life, I've never published anything open source ever. In fact, after hearing everything I have about Git, I went ahead and purchased the $7 plan so that I could give it a try, but without having to share anything publicly. That said, as soon as I started checking code in, I ended up creating 2 (very small) projects and sharing them publicly, as they weren't anything close to even remotely core to the other product that I'm building (that I bought github for), and it seemed silly to use up 2 of my private projects on such trivial applications. This is exactly the behavior that Github encourages, and as someone who hasn't contributed to open source in a very long time, it was interesting to see how quickly Github re-converted me. I just pushed them last week, and they're what I'd call 'entry-level-code' at best, so no. I honestly don't expect them too, but if someone were googling for 'tornado webserver administration', they might find my code, and it might be useful. Beyond that, I don't really have much greater expectation. Edit: http://github.com/bmelton is the location of the projects. There are currently 2 up there, both in a very fledgeling state: http://github.com/bmelton/Braveicon is a simple favicon library that will accept a URL as a parameter and find the favicon for a given url. The URL can be fully qualified (' http://news.ycombinator.com ) or loose (news.ycombinator.com), and braveicon will step through all of the W3C valid means of specifying a favicon and return the URL. http://github.com/bmelton/Twister is a server administration framework for starting / restarting tornado web server instances. Since Tornado is typically managed by your app, the app must be (very slightly) modified, but this reduces having to 'ps -ef | grep [myscriptname]' multiple times to kill your app, and gives you 'twister.py restart' instead. LOL. Done. Hopefully the YC gods don't frown too negatively on my 'advertising' my projects on HN. I've also requested an invite. I'm less concerned with the lack of polish (as kilian brought up) -- but I would definitely start copying and pasting some of the information that you have on the noderabbit site to the DjangoZoom page, or at least, before you come anywhere close to live. I would tell you to look at the Heroku site for what kind of information sells to users, but I've always had a hard time reading their color scheme, so I much preferred yours. Any plans on support for Tornado, or is it JUST Django on the roadmap? 917-727-6643. See related article at http://unionsquarenyc.wordpress.com/2010/09/01/three-words-b... I'm pretty sure this is the same guy, but not 100%. It's interesting, Microsoft getting to play the "Your browser is sub-optimal" card for a change. I can only imagine that in the light of the 'obsolete before its release' news recently, this was all the more incentive to push the beta of IE9 out as quickly as they could. For what it's worth, I didn't run through the whole thing, as the movement was too jerky (for me, in Chrome). I won't bother to look (or download IE9 for the moment), but the cynic in me is guessing that they're already implementing some 'browser-specific' tags that render shoddily elsewhere. Feel free to tell me I'm full of shit, as I'd love to hear that they've actually released something standards compliant that is so significantly faster than the competition that Chrome just can't possibly be expected to smoothly render it. I just doubt that's the case. Mark Zuckerberg: If I knew who leaked it to you, I would’ve fired them already. [... snip ] Michael Arrington: You said Erick’s working on something else, what’s that? Mark Zuckerberg: Um, oh he’s working on a bunch of stuff. Michael Arrington: What’s the top secret mobile thing he’s working on though? Mark Zuckerberg: I actually think that what he’s working on, is like I don’t think that any of the stuff is that top secret. Michael Arrington: So there’s a theory in talking to my sources that there are… Mark Zuckerberg: That there are levels of top secretness [laughs]? I mean, we have a pretty open culture. Eh? The easiest mechanic to point out is movement, and the synchronization of movement. At every step in the game, I'm moving along what would traditionally be game tiles, in a given orientation at a given velocity. While the 'world' is rendered around me on my PC, the movement and orientation changes all have to be upstreamed to the server and calculated for normalcy (to detect speed hacks, cheats, mountain climbing, etc). I don't know what your business is, but if it's consulting or custom development, then you may be wrong. It matters very much to me if I buy something from you that is written in some esoteric language that only a few people can develop for. Obscure languages are a form of vendor lock-in, in that sense. if you're developing SAAS or something, then I'm sure you're right, but that argument doesn't apply to everybody. As for your data (with Dropbox), it's all on your system at the same time it is on the Cloud. I have the 50Gb plan, and one of my slight complaints is that on the same disk, I have the dropbox contents twice (one for my Windows partition, one for Linux) -- so I have to keep 100Gb free total to support them. This is a stupid complaint really (and it MIGHT work if I moved the dropbox to a shared drive, but frankly, I don't want to test out what would happen if two operating systems were using the same dropbox space), so I wouldn't worry about that, but the point is that your files are always your files. If, on the odd chance they do go out of business, all of your files still exist across all of your computers (though they may not be synced anymore), and wouldn't be lost to you. As for the other aspects of their service, I have to agree that it 'just works'. I don't have to worry about it, ever. I haven't dealt with customer service, so I have no idea how they are, but I've never had to either, and I've been using them since their inception. No lost files, no corrupt files, no strange files, and no problems with version conflicts. It's just... solid. I think that in almost all cases, the 'professional' design is going to perform better -- where I think you'll find the conflict in advice is whether or not it's worth it to spend the expense on an untested idea. If the idea holds enough water, it doesn't NEED a good design (re: Craigslist, tarsnap, the original Digg, etc.) -- it just needs to work. If it works, and you can prove there's a business there, then by all means, spend the money to make it perform as well as you possibly can. Design in this sense is an 'optimization' technique, not part of the core product. The flip side, is if you have a horrible idea, and you spend $10k on design, you've effectively thrown that money away. The exceptions to this, of course, are in the demographic. If your target market is web designers, they're going to be hypercritical of any design, so it needs to excel from day 1. If your startup is an iPhone app, same thing. Otherwise, most people will be forgiving of a spartan design, so long as the damn thing works, and that'll give you leverage to design against. Also, another big point in this is that as you build the product, you'll change how things work, a lot. In the application I'm building now, I had Photoshop mockups for every page, and how I thought they would look, but in the initial testing, I've changed almost every page somewhat dramatically. It costs me time, which I hate, but it's better than costing me time AND dollars I'd have to pay a professional designer to re-design because I changed the position of button x. And, while I hate having to re-implement, I'd much rather not move into production with button x in the wrong place because I couldn't afford to pay a designer to move it. Who says you need graphics? o | o | o ---------- x | x | x ---------- o | o | o That (if HN doesn't mangle it) should be a fully working Tic-Tac-Toe board. You can store it as a string, hashtable, whatever you want. You could label the squares 1-9 for the prompt asking the user where to move. This is all doable with perl and a command line. Try it out, see what you learn. HN mangled it, but I think you can see where the line breaks ought to go. Here's the interview where Mark Zuckerberg admits that they're working on a social phone layer: http://techcrunch.com/2010/09/22/zuckerberg-interview-facebo... I'm in much the same boat. Just starting my first 'real' startup, and am coding my ever-living ass off on nights and weekends. I'm not yet successful, so if you hear contradictory advice, weight mine less. 1) I take breaks. Lots of them. I get up, I pace, I walk around. I'm working with a number of new technologies in my venture, that I have zero experience with (Tornado, SQLAlchemy mostly) and they're a pain sometimes. Getting up and walking around gives perspective (at least to me) when I'm stumped. I've had many a Eureka moment while walking around talking to myself that invalidated questions I'd just posted to StackOverflow. 2) Work on something else. I've got a very simple Tadalist of all the tasks that I know of that I have to do. Some of them are critical, most of them aren't. If I'm stumped on something, I just move to something else for a bit. Something easier to tackle. Ideally, I try to do the grunt-work that's boring (writing a terms of service, for example). The accomplishment lets me leave a session feeling accomplished, even if I didn't get anything more than a simple cookie-based login written. 3) Pay attention to your family. Your marriage / relationships are probably worth taking the occasional night off and catching a dinner and movie. I recently took a week off work and went out of town for a wedding. My wife was able to consort with all her old friends, and I was able to get some quality hacking time in. Win/win. For wedding festivities, we'd meet up at nights and just enjoy ourselves. Though it may take some sacrifice, just be aware that ideally, you'd like your success to be shared with your current family. 4) Aside from that, yeah, a startup is a big deal, and it takes a lot of dedication, conviction, perseverance, yadda yadda. That doesn't mean that you shouldn't enjoy the process. It's going to be stressful, but it should also be fun. It might also be that their cost for Hitachi drives is enough to offset any higher failure rate they may have. Could go either way on that front, really. I'm not a .Net developer by trade, but I've done a (very) little bit. Within the .Net installer builder (at least with newer versions of Visual Studio), when you build your installer, it has an option to supply the 'installer URL'. If you do this, your application will check for a product update (I believe) every launch, and prompt the user to download and install the update if available. I don't think it's amazingly sophisticated, in that it just checks the URL for files containing meta data with newer version numbers, but that's probably all you need in regards to your first point. As for piracy protection, I really wouldn't worry too much about it. I don't know if it matters per se, but I'm in IE7, and while the 'run this code' demos work on the site, almost nothing else does. Specifically, none of the buttons in the floating toolbar do anything. Also, I can't read the first paragraph of text, as the toolbar is hovering over it. Oh no, I understand completely. If my personal homepage works in IE7, it's a fortunate, but unintended happening altogether. That said, I was very interested in CoffeeScript as part of my job is to write new whiz-bang features into applications that run on older browsers (such as the IE7 I visited you on today.) Bear in mind, CoffeeScript especially appeals to people in my position. It just sucks I can't read it / play with it now. Still, I've bookmarked it for later reading from home, so hopefully I won't forget. They work like a champ, though I basically got what I wanted out of it last night at home. Any idea how far away you are from putting out something one might consider 'stable'? I'm in the government, and it's effectively impossible to use 'beta' code here. You might also really enjoy Snook.ca. The Six Revisions font-face-guide reminded me of this article ( http://snook.ca/archives/html_and_css/becoming-a-font-embedd... ) that Snook wrote, and which I have declared to be the most complete guide on font embedding whatsoever. It might focus more on 'front-end development' than design per se, but much of what he offers is invaluable. Since it's up for discussion, does anybody know of anything even remotely like YC for the DC/Baltimore area? I know that LaunchBox was here in 09, but it looks like they've moved to NC. Failing that, would anybody recommend any venture capital firms that focus on web startups? I don't know how you got downvoted, but I don't suppose it changes the intent of my reply either way: That MIGHT just be the secret to Zed's success -- that so much in the world seems to piss him off means that there is so much stuff he feels he needs to fix that he's constantly drowning in the need to fix something. Some of us are more complacent -- I'm happy to fix the things that irritate me, but my body of work may be less prolific because I'm generally happy with the products that I use. One of my favorite troubleshooting techniques at the office is to have someone SHOW me the problem. Often, in just trying to show me how they're gettingn whatever error they're complaining about, they realize they're doing it wrong in the first place. Then I get to stamp something 'solved' on my task list, and everybody's happy. Does the hiding of ' http://www really bother you? I remember it bothering me, until the first time I copy / pasted the URL and it is there in the pasted output. I personally prefer it. I don't need to see the http://www before each link, and if I'm just glancing up at the location bar to see where I am, on browsers that do show it, I have to mentally parse that out. On the other hand, when I copy and paste it, that means I intend to DO something with it, like send it to a friend over IM, or email it or something, during which case I want a full, clickable link. Which is exactly what they give me. On the off chance that I want to copy and paste the de-http'd URL, then I am in no better (or worse) shape than I would be with any other browser, in that I have to paste it and strip the ' http://www as I ordinarily would. Poor timing? "We'll be back shortly! We're making some changes to our infrastructure and certain pages may be unavailable for a few minutes. We're very sorry for the inconvenience. Please check back shortly." I'm honestly not sure if this is a joke, or if the post made it before the commit or something, or if their new launch had technical difficulties? Anybody know? For years, I worked for a boss who was always right. Not necessarily by being smarter, but by sheer force of will. She's a brilliant lady, and figured out the way to get some of the more competent technicians to perform was to subtly infer that she didn't think we could make deadline, knowing we'd bust our asses and put in 30 hour shifts to do it, just so she wouldn't be allowed to 'win'. We called this process 'Hate Driven Development', and yes, in hindsight (and even in the moment) we all knew what she was doing, but she was clever enough to put it out there in ways where it worked even still. I do almost all of my code editing in regular text editors, Vi or Notepad, usually. 4 spaces is impossible for me. Why do you feel that 4 spaces is better than 5, which is usually the number of spaces represented by \t? I have to agree with Dylan on this one. By default, the security of a system with ANY public addressability (vs. one that can't be seen except on outbound requests) is dramatically less secure than not exposing it at all. If we can believe the old adage that "The only secure server is one encased in concrete", then the average non-NATTED device is more akin to one that is concreted than one with public addressability. As it happens, I can't count. \t IS 8, though hopefully there's some other reason I got downvoted to -4 than that. Still though, my question remains. Is there a particular reason you prefer 4? Does it affect your workflow in any way or does it just 'look better' in the abstract? I'm curious. The Memphis ecosystem works especially well in that there is a really low cost of living and quite a good amount of talent in the area. Companies that transitioned through, like Stream, did a really good job of bootstrapping many an IT career in Memphis. That FedEx, Hilton, International Paper and AutoZone all have major IT centers there helps as well, though it does lead to there being lot of very UN-talented IT people on the whole. The trick, as always, is sorting out the good from the bad. Where I think you'll have problems is in raising Venture Capital (if you need it), finding dotcom-centric marketing agencies, SEO development, and that sort of thing. Of course, that only matters if you're looking local anyway. You're conflating design with UI and UX. I think the point was that being prettier alone wouldn't have won Mint the war, but being way more usable totally did. If you stripped the pretty colors, backgrounds and images from both products, the user experience for Mint is still miles better than Wesabe's was, and that is the difference. Oh, in that case, I respectfully disagree. To me, the 'visual design' of a site is what it looks like in Photoshop, or Gimp, or what have you, before it is even necessarily sliced into even HTML bits. Once it is sliced into HTML, and the mouseovers, hover elements and all that jazz are added (or not, depending on your workflow), that's when I consider it a 'UI' instead of a 'design'. Before either of those happens, you need to have at least given consideration to your 'UX', which is a concept encompassing movement between functions, what goes where, how you move from page to page, what glows or fades when you hover / click / etc., and all that jazz. Perhaps I'm the idiot here, and I'm segregating the concepts unnecessarily, but I don't feel like I am, though I'm sure my explanation here is poor (sorry -- pressed for time). If I incorporate S-Corp for the tax benefit, is it problematic to raise capital later? I've seen that VCs prefer Delaware (which this all seems to be), but I haven't seen anything in particular where they prefer C or S-Corp. I think he means that he has no idea what former perl users have converted to using. I'm working on a very similar site (though also decidedly different), and I can tell you the challenge I've found in that is publisher bias. For example, if I'm looking at 30 technology sites, and sort out by site, the content looks like a fair representation of what's popular in the world -- however, if I sort just by popularity, almost the entire page consists of HN and TechCrunch posts. It's a tricky balance, but I'm also working on it. :-) My first inclination is that it's the influx of Digg users causing the lower returns, however, I don't know if that holds water. Digg is notorious for providing low-quality traffic, but that the volume is going down doesn't make sense in that regard, as more users should equal more volume, even if the quality of the volume is lower traffic, it should still be up. This leads me to question whether or not the new Digg users are replacing Reddit users. Of course, it could also just be to a lower quality campaign, or perhaps ad-blindness as the users have become more used to seeing the ad on Reddit's site? Another possible explanation would be the rise of Adblock amongst Reddit users, of course, but I don't think that number scales enough to be the proper explanation. I'd love to hear from other Reddit advertisers to see if this is isolated or more widespread. That is a splendid list. I'll add: "Sandman" by Neil Gaiman. Also a graphic novel, but this series literally reinvented comics to me, and to many other readers. "Lunar Park" by Bret Easton Ellis. Probably the safest introduction to Ellis if you aren't looking for a rampant gore-fest. Spooky, creepy, chilling, but also insightful, confounding and enlightening. "Catcher in the Rye" by JD Salinger. Mostly recommending as it fits into the above list, but I feel like it was missing. I personally felt it was overhyped, but I'm the odd man out, as everybody I've ever talked to considers it profound. It seems like that's all I'm reading today, but this is yet another article that I started reading with one idea, and finished having completely rethought it. My instinct was to make a snide remark, or to say something like "Good luck", not believing there are serious inroads to be made there (at least, not by Calacanis) -- but he speaks of a 'race to the bottom', and in writing deeper, more detailed posts than those made in an effort to be the first to break the news. I've always felt that was an error on the part of TechCrunch, in that they are so eager to release that sometimes facts just get in the way of a story breaking. Or at least, aren't checked to the degree they ought. I personally, welcome something like this in the market. My initial hesitation would be that I wouldn't expect to hit this site every day, but it appears Calacanis has already thought about that as well, intending (at least to start) an email distribution, which I think fits the model nicely. Perhaps I'll learn to start keeping my prejudices in check. Regarding Djangy (and all apologies for how offtopic this is), you REALLY need to give some idea of what pricing is going to be. The "only pay for what you use" statement only works when I have a relative idea of how much a given computational unit costs, or how much the average customer is paying. EC2 could make the same statement, but there's a huge difference between a small and medium instance, cost-wise. Well, that's a question I'd loved to see answered. Simply put, I don't know if you can be 'more open source', and then simply change your mind on such a thing. Perhaps this situation isn't really reflective of what I'm talking about, but I don't think that you can un-GPL code that's already been opened that way or, even if you can, I don't think you can restrict those who are using the version you originally licensed as GPL in any way other than how you licensed it. It's a complicated scenario, for sure, but I'd like to hear whether or not the sort of bait-and-switch I described is something that can be done, or if there are any precedents either way. I agree that it's better, but I don't think it's so much better that I'd be willing to pay them even $1 a year for the improvement. It would take them being insanely better, and offering something that I really need (the 'which bookmarks go where' feature is almost it) to entice me into paying for something I'm getting in-built onto my browser that is free. It sucks for them, really, because even a year ago I'd have happily paid them the money. Cross-browser (Firefox -> Chrome sync) would have been worth it then, as would the segregation of 'personal' bookmarks from my work PC, but at this point, Chrome sync is in place, it's the only browser I use, and what's left just doesn't convince me to give them money. I wish them well, but they should have been charging years ago really. You've just touched on why the 'release early, release often' mantra, in some cases, makes sense. If he were in fact going to be beaten by Longhorn (who knows), it's likely that Apple would have gotten him anyway, but this proves that giving up on the rumor that Microsoft is swinging into your space is naive, pussy-footed thinking at its finest. If, in fact, Longhorn WAS his only threat, he would have had what, 6 years in which to prosper, and possibly even dominate as a 'preferred' alternative to what Microsoft was offering. He did just fine on his own, of course, so the conversation is moot. You've got to believe that significantly reduces the likelihood of somebody writing a bot to register new accounts and vote-bomb the service though. I mean, having written the occasional ballot-stuffer in my day, I don't know of too many customers who'd be willing to pay $50 for each entry, or at least if they were, that would probably reduce the number of fake votes from thousands to one-offs. Congratulations -- but uhm... shouldn't you check back in with Patrick and make sure his needs are met? I mean, he's Customer #1, and it sounds like your reaction to that was to abandon him. I might be misreading, or Patrick may have backfilled you, but the 1 thing I know about business to be more true than most things, is you take care of your early customers, specifically if they were good to you. I'm pretty sure that's the site I used to find a bar for New Year's Eve, which was the first time I'd been to the Sly Fox, which I am in love with. I owe you a drink! No, you should do it via SSH, just try to do it as soon after standing up your server as possible. The only place I know of that gets this right is Amazon, who stands it up with a key (admittedly one of theirs) that they force you to download before you can connect the first time. You're overlooking a lot of powerful applications that need SOMEthing to work client-side. Markup.io, recently featured here, is not the sort of application that can post-through to another page to fix. One could argue that it might also work with Flash, or ActiveX, but I'm only even mentioning them to head off somebody else from doing so, as that's hardly a solution. I suppose it could be implemented as an Applet, but what's important is that Markup.io is exactly the sort of thing that Javascript exists for, really. And yes, disabling JS will break it, completely, and yes, I think that's perfectly forgivable. On the whole, I agree that my blog should degrade, and data-entry type applications should work as well, but saying that everything should is completely overlooking an entire category of application for which it's perfectly acceptable, in my opinion. Oh, no I'm not even remotely connected to it, it was just the first example that came to mind. It is pretty cool though. Not anymore. I went to register it, and it's gotten by James Davis. Should you add 'No RDBMS' as a con, or has that changed since the last time I looked? Cause that is, quite frankly, the only con that matters to me. This is, I think, the number 1 application for A/B testing that makes it worthwhile, despite so many people loudly screaming that it's worthless. The simplest suggestion I can make is to test the living daylights out of pricing. Set your base at something reasonable -- definitely more than your rock bottom price, and should be well above break-even. If you can scale your fixed costs and estimate the average cost per user (bandwidth, disk space, etc.) then you can apply a margin. Make sure you're covering overhead (which is insanely complicated if it's Freemium), and then play around. Offer the 'base' price as a special deal, while testing out prices all over the place. Double that price, and set it as the 'non-discounted' deal to some users. Someone else recommended recently (I can't remember who, sorry) that if you want to be equitable, you can double the price on the sign-in page, then if they bite on that, only CHARGE them what you're charging as the base price -- but if you track the results on that signup page, you'll know how many people were willing to pay double. Lastly, as a piece of obvious advice, if you can at all help it, don't raise the prices on existing users. Grandfather them in unless you absolutely can't, and if you can't, figure out some way to take really good care of them. I didn't see it before-hand, but I suspect that it was inspired by a recent episode of "How I Met Your Mother", in which they were debating the qualifications necessary for being a New Yorker. Because of that episode, I immediately recognized the purpose and intent of the website, though I'm certain it was far less obvious to those who didn't see it. Of interest, the criteria they came up with were: You're not a New Yorker until: - You've stolen a cab from someone who needed it more than you, - You've killed a cockroach with your bare hands - Seen Woody Allen and, - Cried on the subway, oblivious to what anyone else thinks You're right of course -- I didn't mean to imply that you should use cost-plus pricing as a baseline, rather, that you should definitely not do anything BELOW cost+, regardless of how much (or little) value you might be delivering to your customers. That said, there are numerous examples in which even this rule can be thrown away (Facebook, Twitter, et al.) Too much jargon. You've managed to make it even less understandable. Answer these questions, and substitute them in your explanation: - What is a launch parameter? - What is a Metric? - Why do I want the Metric to be parsed? - How does a Metric render an interface? What does this even mean? - What is an example of a 'defined destination'? Is it my server? Is it digg.com? Is it a new site? Is it Google Analytics? Pretending I understand what that meant, a better explanation might be: "The Skanr client allows for mobile phones to update your server with usage statistics. It works by downloading Metrics stored on your server, parsing them to add client-specific details such as mobile browser version and carrier, and then uploading them to our analytics service." This is pretty comparable to a Linode 512 slice, but with a little more memory. The configuration is VASTLY different however. EC2 instances are basically writable CD images -- which is to say, whatever you 'imprint' it with as the image is what it will be every time it's rebooted. You can store /tmp and /dev/null content on the instance just fine, so long as you know they won't be there when you reboot. You are free to take 'snapshots' of important changes (like, I just deployed my new app, let's create a new image). To supplement this, they're also offering Elastic Block, which is an on-demand, resizable static partition. This is your long-term disk, but it's sold seperately, and has different usage / pricing metrics. Generally speaking, you allocate your storage, then build your EC2 image, then create a mount, set up your application / server configuration / etc, then take a snapshot. That snapshot is the image you'll boot in the future. So, the reliability may not be there for that. If an instance crashes, or becomes unavailable, or is, at the whim of Amazon, turned off, you've completely lost your settings. You can still use them as a standard VPS, of course, if you just take a little care and mount a static file system up front, then use that for all dynamic content/database store/uploads/etc. The only real difference is that your persistent file store is completely separate from the instance, which threw me for a big loop when they were new, but has become old hat since then. I don't know what the reliability is nowadays, but there used to be (when it was very new) complaints that the instances would crash or come offline without notice, and that as with all things, it would happen at very inconvenient times. With care, and forethought, it's preventable, of course; but what happened then was people trying to do exactly what you suggest, only to be thwarted by the unreliability of the system. Of course, the beauty of it, if planned for, is that it doesn't NEED to be reliable. If you use the Elastic Load Balancer, you can spool up pre-configured instances at the drop of a hat that service demand, and if one crashes, it's easy enough to replace with a brand new instance. The instances can all share a persistent file store, they can all be dynamically registered with the load balancer. They can all function on their own with relative autonomy (which is how businesses like CloudKick make their money.) If nothing else, I'd advise you take advantage of this deal and play around with it. It's a neat little system, and their elastic IP addresses are something of a thought exercise at the beginning, and nothing short of brilliant after you've figured it out. You'll learn something, and that's always worth something. Most bars do. The markup on alcohol is absurd. As an individual, I can buy a keg of a very good beer for a cost of approximately 38 cents a pint. That same beer at a bar costs more like 4 or 5 bucks. Cutting the margin down still covers costs considerably, but happy hours are a 'loss leader' to get you in to a bar that would otherwise be less occupied, and perhaps as a signal for those driving by looking for a 'happening' bar, which is usually done toward the end of happy hour. There might also be motivation to get you somewhat drunk so that you'll stay after happy hour and not realize that you're paying full price for beers. Not knowing what the job was, how do you know it was unimportant? I mean, it's easy to dismiss corporate policies as unnecessary, or even overbearing, but if he were working a job that was time-sensitive, I would certainly expect people to show up on time. Having worked help desk jobs, usually as the 'overnight' guy, I was personally the person that was screwed over when people showed up late, as I couldn't leave the desk unmanned. Regardless, showing up late, when you've agreed to show up at a certain time, is rude, at the very best. Not every employer care, or will even tie you to a schedule, but if you're on one, disregarding it as nonsense doesn't sound like the best way to stay employed. If you ever run into a copy of it, I'd love to get hands on it. barry.melton@google's mail service.com That is amazing. Canvas? If so, bravo. It's a little sluggish with Chromium on Meerkat, but I'm perfectly willing to overlook that. Brilliant visualization. I played around with this, and I'll tell you where I have problems. It's similar to the thing in AI where if you model a character as cartoonish, people's subconsciouses will fill in the blanks, making the characters appealing -- but if you get 'too close' to actual, then the brain only sees the flaws, and it makes the characters seem creepy. I feel that same thing here, where you're using actual HTML input elements, and actual page items, but without being able to repeat a background, and without being ACTUAL html. I only see the flaws. Balsamiq works best for me because frankly, I'm not going to use the browser's default HTML elements anyway, unless I've styled them at least a little bit. So the 'cartoonish' rough markups you are striving to improve upon are really features to me. That said, I don't think there's no market -- I'm sure the idea will appeal to some, but I don't know that the pixel-perfection is particularly a value add for me, it's just a different choice, and (for me) not paying any extra for. Honestly, I don't know. I mean, I think the market is for people who aren't put off by the high fidelity being somewhat limited still, or who like Balsamiq, but for some reason hate sketch graphics. I dunno. For me personally, that isn't a selling point. But the assumption is that you're more likely to find something of utmost worthiness to spend your money on than before. I don't have a particular schedule for my Groupon purchases, but if I see something convenient (that I would have bought anyway) or cool (that I wouldn't have bought except for the Groupon -- window purchases, basically,) I buy them. This means that in the past month or so, I bought a Groupon for Baltimore Coffee & Tea, which means I got my $34.95 a pound Kona coffee for roughly $17, and flying lessons, which is something I've pondered before, but never pulled the trigger on. Half off is a fine motivator. I'd be happy to spend more money with Groupon if there were more interesting offers being presented, and upping the quantity of those offers is likely to increase the odds of that happening. I liked it generally, until I wanted to go 'Back'. Almost every slide where they displayed a code comparison on separate slides meant that I had no idea what was done differently. Implement some navigation, and it's perfect. ORM = Object Relational Mapping Put as simply as I can put it, it's an abstraction layer in front of SQL. The general logic (which I object to, though I still prefer ORM-based development) is that most of your class Objects relate to how you would store them in a database. Your 'User' object has a first name, a last name, a password, etc., which all map neatly to database records. So, instead of doing "INSERT INTO users firstname, lastname, password) VALUES ('foo', 'bar', 'baz');", you create a user object: User.firstname = 'foo' User.lastname = 'bar' User.password = 'baz' User.save() Agreed. The only option that keeps me from buying all the coolest phones is the lack of a tactile keyboard. I don't like typing on a screen. That I can choose other options is neat, but really, it's more novelty than anything else. When they build an equally pluggable phone with a keyboard platform, then I'll be good to go. It's somewhat dated now, but yousendit.com is still around. Generally, the pros and cons list should be isolated down to a given implementation. While you can vaguely state that NoSQL data stores are fast, and that horizontal scaling is generally easier on NoSQL, that isn't always the case, and doesn't apply to anywhere close to every situation. MongoDB offers some REALLY cool features that enhance development speed. Inserting into a table that doesn't exist? It creates the table on the fly. Querying from a table that doesn't exist just returns an empty result set (instead of an error, or exception). If I had to speak in specifics though, I think it's pretty easy to say that NoSQL stores allow for querying very large datasets faster than you could on a relational store on similar hardware. I don't mean to sound glib, but I'd think you would -- less for the social stigma or potential for doing something idiotic while stoned, but if I were about to invest a significant amount of money in a company, I think I'd consider 'probability of a founder going to jail' as something that mattered. Perhaps he's discovered a retro-consulting market. You're off on the right track. You should probably report it via the Github Issue tracker here: http://github.com/ezl/hnofficehours/issues Alternately, if you'd like to hit someone up directly, the About page is a good start. http://hnofficehours.com/about/ What's the bug? I suppose that matters if the team plans to move to / stay in or is already in California. I personally don't have any opposition to it, but outside of California, it's much less forgiven by the legal authorities. Google would, quite obviously, be a VERY different company with Jobs on board, and I honestly doubt that Google would be anywhere NEAR as close to 'cataloging the world's information' as they are now with Jobs in charge. Google has been quite happy to acquire when it made more sense than building it in-house. Google has been quite happy to spread into entirely new markets. Apple shares this, sort of, but all their growth has gone into media markets, and Google has gone into some VERY un-sexy spaces. Google is more than happy to throw together a minimum viable product and release it, as they have with Wave, GMail, their numerous other 'beta' programs, etc. I can only imagine how much Jobs would have slowed this process, making sure that everything was just perfect. Mostly though, Google has way too many pots for Jobs to have had his hand on everything, which likely means that they wouldn't be shipping a tenth of what they are. Apple's release schedule is slow, but generally worth the wait -- Google 'ships early, ships often', as so many of us advocate, sometimes to great success, and sometimes to early failures. In many ways, Google still operates like a start-up, and Apple, in my opinion, does not. Perhaps I misspoke, but I essentially meant it in regards to the way they launch new products. In more ways than not, Google is ultramegacorp. They're buying companies left and right, striking deals with Telecoms and sitting on who-knows-how-many companies' boards. But, when it comes to launching something new, they definitely have no qualms about throwing the proverbial pasta against the metaphorical wall, and seeing if it sticks, hypothetically. Carving pumpkins with my daughter. Taking my family to the Renaissance Festival and not having to worry about the cost of a Henna tattoo, or the cost of an elephant ride. Time to sit down and play with the inner workings of celery, RabbitMQ, and just how exactly am I going to be able to leverage the subtask module for some high-latency network operations. Vacations across the country, with the ability to go to Long Beach's quirky downtown and pick up novelties for my wife without worrying about what else I might be giving up later. Taking my 8 year old daughter to breakfast and discussing how well her steak and eggs were prepared. This isn't much of an answer, but looking over the past few months, these are the main reasons I enjoy making the money I make. The TV in my living room is broken. I'm in no hurry to fix it. I drive a Jeep Wrangler, though I can afford a much nicer car. I don't have to worry about the cost of gas (for now), which means I don't have to live in dirty old DC, and can instead enjoy being by the water in Annapolis. I'm pondering the idea of launching for the Sprint (this MIGHT be the first I've heard of it) -- but after I saw the list of 'speakers', I signed up just to receive the emails, if nothing else. I have to say though, this IS a good idea, and is encouraging. I feel like I'm being helpful if I point out a UI bug in another HNer's product, because that might help them to correct it and make it better. I feel like it might be necessary to point out a bug in a product I've tried to use, as explanation for why I don't use that product (when the discussion is topical.) I might be inclined to complain about the Resumator bug, if it so affected me, but only after I've used it to apply to the job I wanted, and definitely not instead of. Regardless of exactly who is being hypocritical, the message you're sending is that the annoyance of using Resumator (a service that DeviantArt did not build) is greater than your desire for this job. If I were the potential employer, I would assume that means one of a few things, all of which are harsh: - You're too lazy to submit your own resume, and would prefer someone contacted you in whatever manner most convenient to you - You're too good to submit your resume, and would prefer someone contacted you in whatever manner is most convenient to you - You don't like the job that much, but would definitely take a paycheck if someone who was willing to do the job for you would also pay you as though you'd done it - You're FAR too detail-oriented, refusing to lower yourself to the standards of a poorly designed resume submission method. You can extrapolate out the rest if you like, as an exercise to the reader. For what it's worth, I don't necessarily believe any of those things, but one of those is the impression I got reading your previous posts in this thread. Yes, submitting for a job is an annoyance, and can be time consuming. It's part of the process. Are you going to catalog / rate the apps that get submitted, ala Rails Rumble? That would be exciting, I think. I think you'd be surprised how many contractors end up suing the government (or competing parties) in regards to a flubbed bid. This happens a LOT. The Federal Acquisition Regulations are designed to prevent exactly the sort of thing that Google is suing for (e.g., write bid requirements to functionality, not to products) -- and it is violated all the time. They government should be sued more often, probably, to keep from violating the rules it sets upon itself. I don't think that anybody meant to imply that you weren't allowed to have standards. Either you consider the job worthy of the annoyance of applying, or you don't. Given the latter, I see little point in bitching about the process while still soliciting employment. Call me old-fashioned. uhhh, True? I'd be wary, personally. Facebook bought divvyshot and shut it down, thereby creating a space in that market too -- that was then quickly filled by Facebook, as they reimplemented photos based on the work of the guys at divvyshot. Even for a talent acquisition, I'd be very surprised if they bought these guys to do something other than reimplement the functionality of Drop.io integrated into FB. My email address is in my profile - I'd email you, but I couldn't find your contact info. I'd love to help, but I have a ton of questions about what sort of help you need exactly, and what's already in place. Email sent. Generally, not to the person you're giving them to. However, they are pretty effective advertising for things like coffee cups, laptop bags -- items that are likely to be used on a daily or semi-daily basis, and that are large enough for people to see and wonder "Okay, just who exactly IS ?!?" The big catch with that of course is that most people already have a coffee mug or laptop bag, and aren't likely to switch to yours, so, while they'll gladly take them from you at your booth, they'll probably end up in a closet. The most important bit about this, to me, is that Marty, the webmaster/brother, is apparently falling down on the job. It's quite likely that Marty is unpaid in these duties, to which I can only say that you get what you pay for. If he IS paid, then I think it's time to replace him, and reflect deeply on the negative stereotypes associated with nepotism. My first inclination was to just email the guy and see if I could help, but reading on, he apparently maintains a staff for other purposes he considers important, and recognizes that the relative insecurity of his site impacts their livelihoods, but doesn't see security as something worth paying for. A donation of my time in this regard would, however noble the intent, demean the profession and relative value of security analysts and companies all over the world. If he's using Python, he's likely using "feedfinder.py", by Aaron Swartz. It doesn't find your feed at all. It looks like your feed isn't being served with an appropriate mime-type -- or at least not one that it understands. Seems to be failing in the 'test' method. I did the same. It's different when Hulu does it while I'm watching a show I want to see, because I already have a level-set that the juice is worth the squeeze. I think that, for things like this, the videos should be either inline, or as a commercial, interrupt halfway through or so. I'm betting that would considerably minimize bounce. A pawn shop / pawn store / pawn broker is a place where people can 'sell' items to themselves, via a broker. If I needed money, but didn't have any, I could sell a possession of mine to a pawn shop, who would agree not to sell it as long as I either paid them back within a certain time or made monthly payments to keep it. It's basically like saying "Hey, loan me $500! You can hang on to my guitar until I pay you back." If you miss a payment, or fail to pay them back on the agreed upon terms, they'll sell the item you left. From long-ago personal experience, they do this sometimes anyway. There are a lot of negative stereotypes for pawn brokers. They are often used as fences for illegal goods -- Using the above scenario, if the guitar is stolen, then you might pawn it and just run off with the money. There's a lot of speculation going on, and that's fair, I suppose, but isn't it possible that he just saw a record quarter, and realized that if he were going to cash out some shares, now is a good time? JRockit was already a premium JVM. OpenJDK was already free. This isn't really an announcement, per se, but what I like about it is that it means they're going to continue working on JRockit (that they got from BEA's acquisition). I've seen gains of over 100% using JRockit with Weblogic, which I also worried might fall by the wayside with Oracle's acquisition. I'm still not 100% sure on which way Webcenter is headed, and what exactly it's based on (as I'm not in that particular business anymore) -- but hopefully it scrapped all the aging AquaLogic code that BEA was still peddling as 'cutting edge'. I always end up using my private server as a second development sandbox, so, if it were me, I'd pick something that's different from the stacks you have elsewhere. Of the servers I have that aren't attached to any actual projects, I have one Solaris box, two Ubuntu Linodes, Github, an EC2 Micro with Ubuntu and a Fedora Slicehost. Oh, and a couple apps on AppEngine. I rarely have to look far for an environment to 'test things out on' quickly without having to stand up a whole new VM or anything crazy. That's just me though, and I don't know of anybody else that does it this way, so I wouldn't call it optimal. The point though, was that if you've never played with the quirks of setting up something to run on EC2, do that. It's fun knowledge to have. Never coded against AppEngine? Do that. It's worth learning. Stick something up on Heroku if you want. Build a blog there. Hardware: I alternate between a Dell 14" XPS Laptop and a home-built desktop. The laptop is run-of-the-mill, and the desktop is a dual Q6600 with 8GB Corsair and a couple 2Tb WD drives, housed in a gorgeous Lian-Li brushed aluminum 12-bay case and 3 24" Acer monitors (cheap). Keyboard is a Logitech G19, Mouse is a Logitech MX-9000. Speakers are the little volume icon speakers from art.lebedev (they were a gift, but they're cool, and don't sound bad at all). I've also got an 8GB Dell Optiplex that I use as a sandbox. It's running ESXi with a single Ubuntu guest. Looking around my office, I've also got some Linksys Powerline adapters (faster than WiFi), another Dell Studio 14" with 4GB ram running Windows 7. Software: All three boxes are running Ubuntu 10.something, the desktop and laptop are running 10.10, while the Optiplex is on 10.04(LTS). Servers: I've got a colo'd VM with 8GB RAM, dual Xeon 1.8Ghz and 200Gb disk running Ubuntu 10.04 with GoNexTek ( http://gonextek.com ) for some older sites of mine, as well as 2 512Mb slicehost instances for staging (haven't migrated them to Linode yet), and a Linode 512 Slice. Hosted platforms: I mentioned Slicehost and Linode, but I have a couple of tentative apps on AppEngine. Servers: I've got some (what I consider legacy) sites running PHP-based code -- mostly forums and the like. Newer stuff is mostly either Django behind either Apache or Nginx or, more recently, most of my stuff is with Tornado/Twister/Nginx (Twister is my management framework). Databases: MySQL, MongoDB The newest project I'm working on (Plum) is using the following: Nginx, Tornado, Python, Celery, RabbitMQ and MySQL & MongoDB and Memcache. Steve built a beautiful MySQL / Memcache abstraction layer he calls BPEngine that acts as our ORM, but in addition that, it also populates / expires / manages keeping memcache seeded & updated, as well as kicking off requisite tasks into celery for some of the backend work. That covers almost everything I can think of. Depending on the implementation, a Javascript only lightbox can be 508 accessible, and a CSS lightbox could be inaccessible. I generally do, yes. Working on the app I'm working on now, I can start the webserver and see hits to various exploitable assets on my server within about 10 seconds. This is for a site that doesn't exist yet, on a subdomain that isn't easily guessable, on a domain that hasn't been registered for a solid month yet. I have little doubt these IP addresses are from China, as they always are, every time that I investigate, but yeah, generally these get blocked out before launch. If you're looking for it, there are country-specific blacklists all over the web, but the safer strategy (if you don't want to block out a bajillion potential users) is to look for suspicious activity and auto-blacklist. Hits to phpmyadmin, 1st.cgi, etc., automatically get blacklisted. A good sysadmin would do the same for portscans and intrusion attempts on non-web ports as well. Yes, this. I was happily coding and kept failing the (very) simple "Shazoo" challenge because either 2.3 or your interpreter doesn't understand the "if __name__ == '__main__'" logic for Python portability. I'm ashamed to say that it took three tries before I just took that out and submitted a program that, while inferior, passed. Upon further reflection, it may be that you're loading the code dynamically or something (and not just running it as a command line application) or something that caused the __main__ not to trigger. Once I understood the constraint, I was fine. It's a neat little app, and for somebody who's never had an actual job as a programmer, some of these exercises I feel are things that I should at least know the pattern. I'm digging it. Can I change the name of the app after I've registered? It might be overkill, but the nearest analog (perhaps successor would be a better term) that I can think of is SketchUp. I empathize deeply. I wish I had more design skill than I do, and while I tend to do better than any other programmers I've worked with, I am a far cry from a real designer. The designs that I do manage to eke out are a massive effort. I am glad that the one thing this has really given me is an appreciation for stellar design. People who can take a blank canvas and build a beautiful, functional design that works is absolutely worthy of the same, or better pay than what I get for cramming values into a database. I'm sure it's biased in that I know how to do what I do, and I don't know how to do what they do, but a good designer is worth a mint. As is a good developer. I'm interested to hear this too. On the one hand, I went with a minimal 'give me your email' address form that I could make as attractive as possible without putting too much effort into it -- on the other hand, now that it's out there, I feel like I should have my value prop, an intro, a _reason_ to leave your email address. It's very difficult to leave it as a static page when I know that it can be better, but I'm fighting the urge to keep tweaking the prelaunch page and instead, keep working on product. I do have a deadline to meet, after all. Here's what I went with: http://plumrss.com/ When I was a kid in Hawaii (note, young Hawaiians at the time were very racist against 'haoles/foreigners', I got into a fight literally every Wednesday. At the time, I was a 6' tall, thin, awkward kid, too thin for my height, so every Wednesday, I got my ass kicked. It didn't help that I was a smart ass, and content to talk smack WHILE I was getting pummelled. Summer break came around, and I enrolled in Judo, Boxing and Muay Thai classes. I took an under the table job in construction to pay for the classes. I stole a kayak to get to work. Every single activity in my entire life was focussed on getting better, so I wouldn't get my ass kicked. I jogged, lifted weights, exercised, trained, etc. I was Rocky. I was the Karate Kid. When school resumed the next year, the first Wednesday, I got into a fight. I didn't lose. I wouldn't say I "kicked the other guy's ass", but I didn't lose. After that, i didn't get into nearly as many fights. I was no longer the easy target. And there weren't any other white kids in the class, so much of the violence stopped altogether. I'm sure you could potentially attribute it to the bullies being a year wiser, or any other number of factors, but from my experience, this argument holds water.