Is that using the latest mainline kernel? Burning cds/dvds is still a very convenient and dense affordable form of offline storage for backups and/or content hoarding. SD cards are not intended for long-term archival purposes, not 10+ years. They don't go bad per se, but the data on them may not be readable after slowly discharging offline in cold storage for a decade or more. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_rot#In_storage My personal experience has been surprisingly good even with cheap TDK CDRs I burned in the 90s still reading just fine decades later. For especially valuable data you want to preserve for 100+ years, there are "archival quality" discs [0] [1]. [0] http://mam-a-store.com/goldcdr.html [1] https://www.mediasupply.com/mamgold.html The last 10-15 years has transformed Santa Cruz into something I barely recognize anymore. It used to be really great. Abundant free parking, a huge multistory used book store (Logos), and a house turned cozy coffee shop overflowing with college students where you could spend entire days studying/working without going broke (The Perg) and without being a jerk occupying one of the few tables at the Starbucks or Peets. The last time I went there ~2 years ago I couldn't find any free parking other than the grocery store lot, and the coffee shops were hipster cafes without outlets and overpriced everything on very limited menus. At least there's still the Red Room. I'd like to know where the students go to study now instead of The Perg. I hope they're not paying through the nose at Verve Coffee. The free parking had a significant impact on what kind of people you encountered in town. I lived in a redwood forest near the coast at the time, so what Santa Cruz offered in those areas didn't really affect me. I didn't go to Santa Cruz to see redwoods or the ocean, I went for the quirky town and to hang out around interesting people in a nearby urban center (I lived in Butano SP). I guess if you were hostile to hippies living out of their vehicles parking in town and being visible on the sidewalks and at cafes like the perg. The town has changed since then, there's a lot more traffic and yuppies everywhere. The loss of free parking is just one symptom of how the place has changed. There's a lot more people and money now. It's not like the elimination of free parking has reduced the number of cars in town, it's changed the kind of people parking there. The lots still fill up, just instead of run down vans and RVs/buses and beater student vehicles it's more nice expensive vehicles. I fully expect downtown Santa Cruz to look like downtown Burlingame in the future, complete with polished stone pavers for parking spaces. That's the trajectory they're on when I last visited. > Don't live in the redwoods it's why we have fires. And I'm not sure what you're upset about here your nature destroying frontiersman fantasy is still very much alive in Bonny Doon It wasn't illicit, the area around the park isn't well defined and there's plenty of private property out there which the park's trails run straight through. I don't know what you're talking about WRT "frontiersman fantasy", my downtown Santa Cruz complaints have absolutely no relation to a frontiersman fantasy. How long is SLC flash good for? Archival quality optical discs are marketed as having a 300+ year lifespan. I've never viewed SD cards as something appropriate for long-term offline storage, is SLC flash exceptional in this regard? I was comparing the convenience of optical to tape, which is bulky and annoying, and in my experience quite unreliable. You don't even need to personally know CA-17 commuters, just try drive CA-17 during commute hours. Over last 10-15 years it's become very congested. And this doesn't even capture the many tech folks who have the luxury of working either 100% remote or commute to the office once a week. Copious and well run state parks, CA is a really great place to spend time outdoors. The local organic produce is very good too. That's just like, your opinion, man. In my experience when doing illegal modifications the transaction is not only in cash but also 100% off the books; there's no need for POS receipt shenanigans. I'll have to give that a try, I used to use the Kiss My Face 100% olive oil bars before they shut down and were acquired, now their products are awful. I've been using this [0] as a replacement which has been good but the Laurel blend seems to dry my skin more than the straight olive oil KMF bars did. [0] https://www.amazon.com/Aleppo-Soap-Hand-made-All-Natural-12-... I'm not sure what your expectations are, but I've done a lot of hiking and camping across the USA and CA does it pretty well. Typically the fees are proportional to the facilities provided. CA often provides well maintained and regularly cleaned flush toilets and even hot showers at the state parks w/campgrounds, this is far less common in other states. CA does it so well I generally prefer camping there over staying in hotels. It's typically too much of a hassle elsewhere in the country, where KOA "campgrounds" are often the only options with such facilities. I've also done a lot of day hikes in CA state parks where there's no fee. You just park at a trail head and off you go, and these sometimes even have pit toilets at the lot, still with no fee at all. Your perspective strikes me as misinformed. > There are over 100,000 flights daily. They account for about 2.5% of CO2 emissions yearly. The generally accepted emissions weighting factor for aviation co2 emissions is ~2.6. So it's more like 6.5%, and growing fast. This doesn't strike me as sad. What really strikes me as sad is: Despite understanding how inaccessibly distant alternative potentially habitable planets are, people here on earth seem utterly incapable of living sustainably on what will very likely be the only planet their species will ever comfortably inhabit. Presumably the return policies will change once there are no more brick and mortar local mattress stores to buy from. At that point, you'll only be able to buy online, and they won't need to offer returns. You have no choice but to have something delivered, or go without a mattress (my personal preference). I mostly just sleep on an area rug with a head pillow and blankets, sleeping on anything significantly more compliant just bothers my neck and back. You can achieve very similar results with a more elaborate arrangement by going traditional Japanese style, check out tatami mats if curious. Indeed. I regularly burn around $1k/mo when living simply in a cabin on my rural California property, with property taxes under $500/yr. There's a lot of rural California. The combination of modern tech enabling comfortable and connected off-grid living and UBI opens up pretty much all of it for residence, as long as there's a grocery store accessible. I chuckled, but there are actually three road courses in the NASCAR Cup Series. > Kids have nothing to do with it. Kids do tend to consume time which may have otherwise been used for work or work-related personal development. Time is finite, it's not just a binary matter of caring vs. not caring, it's also higher priorities displacing lower ones. > I often think about that when I'm waiting for my meal in a plane, seating in row 33 or higher. Odds are my choice won't be available when they finally get to me. I can choose not to eat, but it's more likely I will end up choosing from what's available. Considering what we've come to understand about the benefits of fasting and the mediocrity of airplane food, you're probably better off skipping the meal. Obligatory Carlin on the topic of voting: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIraCchPDhk Edit: American Dream chaser: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-14SllPPLxY > These things are nigh indestructible in my experience. Not in my experience. When new the plastic has enough flex to tolerate some abuse, but that doesn't last very long - especially if exposed to UV. Polypropylene does not like being exposed to direct sunlight. Most used examples I've encountered are brittle and break easily if not already cracked. They're disposable plastic garbage. The broad side needs to face the sun for optimal thermal gain, so they all end up ~parallel to one another, and ~perpendicular to the sun's rays. FWIW I've setup Raspberry Pi W cameras [0] as security and garage door opener (w/relay on GPIO) cameras for friends/family, using MotionEye [1] as the interface. I just use a cheap VPS like Vultr [2] to terminate persistent ssh tunnels from the cameras and run a self-signed https gateway into them. It's under $5/mo for the cheapest VPS option. It's a bit of work to get it set up, but nothing crazy hard if you know your way around something resembling a LAMP stack and ssh tunnels. There's no third parties integrated so you control the data and have a lot fewer privacy/safety concerns in general. If there's no wifi available, at&t offers mobile hotspot prepay service for as low as $25/mo. [0] https://www.adafruit.com/product/3414 [1] https://github.com/ccrisan/motioneye [2] https://www.vultr.com/ I've been relying on the command= syntax of .authorized_keys to restrict what's possible, but I'm not 100% confident in that being impervious to intrusion should someone get access to the on-camera SSH tunnel private keys. Wireguard is somewhere on my mental todo list for possible replacement of these tunnels, but they do the job and SSH is going to be listening either way to admin the VPS. Not really, the best thing you can do is not expose the car to salt in the first place. I once worked on an enthusiast's classic car back in the midwest which was exceptionally clean. The owner said every time he drove it in the winter or rain, which was rarely, he would put it in the air on the lift in his garage, and spray the car from below with WD-40 he purchased by the drum. That seemed to have helped, but it's no panacea, and there's definitely rubber stuff which will be unhappy about getting WD-40 soaked regularly. Aluminum gets pretty gnarly where in contact with steel, especially when you add salt water. I'd be surprised if Tesla's fasteners and sub-assemblies were all aluminum. Source: In a former life I worked as a mechanic in the rust belt. I've had absolutely zero problems with them overheating, and that's even using them as security cameras in a desert cabin without AC, where outside ambient temps exceed 120F. The only thing I did to prepare them for that abuse was adding a small adhesive-backed aluminum heat sink [0] to the CPU. It only required some filing of the fins to fit in the tight packaging of the camera enclosure. I never attempted running them without the heat sink, knowing it was going to be a rough desert life for them. So I can't even say if it was necessary. It's also possible my software settings which are optimized to minimize wifi bandwidth and storage consumption are helping keep things cool. The `motion` process is only using around 15% CPU continuously, and the loadavg hovers around .27, FWIW. [0] https://www.adafruit.com/product/3084 Hence the word implementation accompanying experience , which was not omitted in the citation you're responding to. Neat writeup, I haven't played the game but was surprised to see so much aliasing around objects in his screenshots considering everything was on "max settings". Does TW3 predate ubiquitous use of MSAA or FXAA techniques? That rationale works for motorcycles, general aviation planes have both a dismal safety record and can destroy an entire home or crash into a sky-scraper, etc. For some reason I don't get creative and productive until the hours I should be sleeping. Throughout my teens and twenties (I'm in my 40s now) I indulged this tendency and it served me well, often staying up for multiple days without realizing it and the productivity was incredible. Since then I've become more interested in preserving/improving my health and how such behaviors may be harming it, so I try to keep a regular sleep schedule and it does seem to be better for my general well-being. The down side is, I am never anywhere near as productive as I've been in the "sleep is for the dead" mode of operating. Occasionally I'll revisit that mode to get something that's been dragging on finished, and it's always incredibly effective. I wish I understood why long waking hours seem to stimulate my mind and coerce myself into the deep flow state. Colleagues have recommended I try Adderall in the past to enter that mode at-will with a pill, but I've always been averse to becoming dependent on a pharmaceutical to do something I can already do naturally. I wonder what's more harmful to self: regular sleep deprivation or consumption of amphetamines in the daytime? No, I would stay up for 2-3 days straight and it'd end with just a longish ~12 hour sleep, often leaving me with a sleep cycle randomly out of phase with the rest of the world to boot. The stuff I've read about sleep being when your brain bathes itself in spinal fluid convinced me this was probably not a good long-term strategy for preserving cognitive health. If it's an existential thing, and, judging from your description, perhaps a hint of paranoia, then I'd be a bit optimistic about overcoming it with either some regular meditation/mindful introspection or maybe therapy. It'd be nice if we understood the actual causes of things like dementia and alzheimers so we could make better informed decisions regarding behaviors like sleep deprivation. Even if we couldn't cure those conditions, just understanding something like "it's 50% more likely you'll lose your mind if you don't sleep 8 hours most nights" would be super useful. Yikes, I had no idea Tesla's kool-aid was so effective. It seems like there should already be an industry term for this, it's like the autonomous systems version of the "uncanny valley" [0]. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncanny_valley > I've noticed myself able to sometimes get some huge breakthroughs in the late night hours. My personal theory on this is that something dream-associated is still switching on from a purely hours-awake scheduled mechanism. Dreams are inherently creative and cerebral, and it feels like I'm just tapping into some of that by staying up late and working while my brain is wearing pajamas. I don't know if you've ever dabbled with more extreme forms of sleep deprivation, but at a certain point, in my experience, a full-on wakeful dreaming state is entered where fully featured dreams are playing in the visual field while the eyes are still open. The brain definitely has the ability to essentially dream while awake. Experiencing those things made me start suspecting sleep deprivation was a way to tap into the dream world for productivity/creativity/focus advantages. The anecdote implies the person may not even be homeless, they just appear homeless and crippled as a means of earning income, it's literally their career. When I worked in "the loop" of downtown Chicago I'd walk a mile or so from where I parked my motorcycle to the office @ 1 N. State. Every day I walked past the same people pan-handling on the same corners. Many had signs with invented stories to try garner pity from suckers, stuff that was obviously fictional to anyone who had been walking past these people every business day for years , like "Stranded traveler, need money for bus fare" kind of stuff. One day it became clear why some stuck with the stranded traveler story; it enabled them to wear normal, even classy high-end clothing, and not even have to be dirty-looking. On that day as I walked past a woman doing this I noticed she was wearing a new pair of some exceptionally fancy shoes, and the price tag sticker was still visible on the sole: $499. On another occasion, I recognized one of these people but off-duty, crouched against the exterior wall of Sears trying to light a cigarette with a match, with their wheeled suitcase parked between themself and the wall. It was windy (Chicago) and I had a lighter, so I went over to help them with a light and as I got close enough to reach their cigarette I saw inside their "stranded traveler" prop suitcase they had left open: it appeared to be full of cash. Another pro for the stranded traveler gimmick: it gives you reason to have a suitcase to hide the sizable stash. These folks probably weren't homeless, they just earned an easy living by acting like they were in a relatable bind of a situation to fellow tourists in a busy city. I got to know someone who lived homelessly for a few years on the streets of Chicago, and he said real homeless people in Chicago are easily identified by their clothes and possessions being bleach-stained. Apparently the municipal crews would spray down the encampments on lower wacker where they'd stay warm through winter, without warning. So people who slept down there would have all their possessions/clothing ruined by the bleach. This was decades ago, I don't know if it's still applicable. I read in a news article that people were catching it again after recovering, IIRC it was in reference to medical professionals working in China. And apparently it can survive on a stainless steel surface for 36 hours. [0] Also from [0] however: "Sunlight will cut the virus ability to grow in half so the half-life will be 2.5 minutes and in the dark it’s about 13m to 20m. Sunlight is really good at killing viruses. That’s why I believe that Australia and the southern hemisphere will not see any great infections rates because they have lots of sunlight and they are in the middle of summer. And Wuhan and Beijing is still cold which is why there’s high infection rates. In regards to temperature, the virus can remain intact at 4 degrees or 10 degrees for a longer period of time. But at 30 degrees then you get inactivation. And High humidity the virus doesn’t like it either. That’s why I think Sars stopped around May and June in 2003 – that’s when there’s more sunlight and more humidity. The environment is a crucial factor. The environment will be unfavourable for growth around May. The evidence is to look at the common cold – it’s always during winter. So the natural environment will not be favourable in Asia in about May." I believe this is the main reason May is the deadline for containment. [0] https://www.fwdeveryone.com/t/puzmZFQGRTiiquwLa6tT-g/confere... > When I was in a mild emergency one thing the experts did that stood out to me was forcing us all to take a break and cook a warm meal. It made a significant difference to perceived energy level and judgement, even if it wasn't strictly necessary. It does wonders for morale, otherwise it's really not that necessary unless you're running exceptionally low in the adipose department to begin with. > all sugar as fat and protein prevent hunger from subsiding I think you've got that inverted. People easing into intermittent fasting are often recommended they start with keto to get fat-as-fuel adapted and begin their intermittent fasts with a few days of keto for the very reason that it gets through the hunger pangs while still being able to eat, just avoiding carbs. > I personally perceived a benefit to focus, concentration, and problem solving People often describe the same things about ketogenic diets and fasting, which are both fat burning modes. The issue is if you only get into the flux state where you're in between modes. That's where you're hangry, irritable, and can't focus because all you can think about is your hunger. In that condition feeding restores normal operation, and can seem like the only path to recovery. But it actually passes eventually, and what happens afterwards seems kind of remarkable if you've never done it before. Water is a different story, but food is really quite optional until the fat buffers start experiencing underruns and your muscles start getting cannibalized, then you're starting to get into trouble. We've evolved to not just struggle through periods of food scarcity, we actually perform well and can be surprisingly athletic without food. It makes sense to me, since when we're without food we need to be on our game and go find some or eventually we'd die. When fasting, for me anyways, it really feels like a keyed-up high-alert almost stimulated mode of operating. I've gone on long hikes and runs after not eating for multiple days, it's kind of preferable now so I don't have to carry any food and it's more pleasant to do physical activities with an empty abdomen. Edit: Above where I wrote "feeding restores normal operation", I'm assuming that "normal operation" isn't a ketogenic diet, and feeding includes carbs. People already in ketosis don't go through this suffering phase when starting a fast, because it already happened when they ceased consuming carbs. Or mosquitoes and the malaria they spread... Malaria was responsible 405,000 deaths globally in 2018 according to [0]. [0] https://www.who.int/news-room/feature-stories/detail/world-m... Entire families don't die from mild chest colds without hospital care. The parent mentioned Zika, any such list including Zika would be incomplete without Malaria as well. I agree that covid-19 seems to have a larger potential breadth, and didn't intend to downplay its significance. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E-meter > I'm try trying to replicate some things I see in the GNOME settings app already, but I can't quite get it. Just grab the source for the settings app to see how it's done. I don't think the core gnome/gtk folks have historically made use of glade, though maybe that's changing. C is the native language because it's the lowest common denominator, not necessarily because they want everyone writing their front-end applications in C. It's simply something that works everywhere and can easily have performant and ergonomic bindings for $your-favorite-language. They're adorable as far as rodents go, but I've had to kill my share of them for similarly refusing to leave my automobiles alone. If you're resorting to killing them, I've found a 5-gallon bucket half filled with water containing a small bait-carrying raft to be quite effective. I just leave a 2x4 ramp to the bucket edge, they jump in for the food, the raft immediately sinks, and the walls are too high for escape. Slowing down its spread matters . A company working remotely while its workers eventually contract the virus piecemeal on a presumably much slower and staggered schedule is far better than having your entire offices out sick wholesale for weeks. Not to mention it's better for society and our health system in general to slow the spread. Or maybe a lot of people riding public transit are realizing they really miss their cars right about now, which isn't so great for the planet. Compared to what? Making such a comparison is non-trivial; does any highly developed western democracy share China's population size and density? I'm more curious about how this will affect India, where the population situation is more similar to China's. I haven't seen any mention of the virus there in the news, yet. > right now I am trying to learn that humans will never learn from history. I vaguely remember somebody mentioning that to me in the past, but I dismissed it as a nonsense. Perhaps it was in reference to the famous Aldous Huxley quote: “That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons that history has to teach.” X definitely has screen tearing, otherwise we wouldn't have the Present extension. Core Xlib is entirely ignorant of vsync or anything relating to completed frames. It's an immediate mode rendering model in that everything you draw just gets thrown on-screen by the display server whenever. Compositors were then bolted on w/redirect and damage extensions and basically randomly snapshot the client window contents before compositing a desktop frame, within that snapshot you can easily have tearing of half-drawn updates. Further extensions and hacks have tried to fix this like Present and frame clocks from the gtk/gnome folks, but it's all opt-in by X clients and non-uniformly supported by compositing WMs or not at all in classical non-compositing WMs where the X server just draws things directly on-screen as the protocol requests arrive from clients. Everything I just described is implemented in userspace at the X protocol level. You clearly don't know what you're talking about. The XDBE [0] extension attempted to add this, but I don't think anything actually implements it. (see edit) I tried using it over a decade ago on XOrg and it didn't seem to do anything useful... [0] https://www.x.org/releases/X11R7.6/doc/libXext/dbelib.html Edit: It's definitely there in the Xorg xserver [1]. My memory is fuzzy as it was a long time ago but I distinctly remember wasting a day trying to use this extension and becoming frustrated with its ineffectiveness. Maybe it was just for lack of any vsync mechanism to schedule the swap? [1] https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/xorg/xserver/-/tree/master/db... It can be really brutal. One of my earlier startups had multiple acquisition offers which would have made all the shareholder employees quite happy, but since the offers wouldn't have moved the wealth needle of the already wealthy founders by an order of magnitude, they turned them all down. Years later and $100m+ of VC money burned the place went bankrupt and I now have some very expensive toilet paper in a folder somewhere. Is that really true when modern American battles seem to always evolve into endless occupations? > Most programmers are complexity junkies getting paid to feed their habit. Maybe more so today, but historically I've come to appreciate programmers as megalomaniacal control freaks - myself included, which programming allows them to exercise within the harmless confines of an imaginary world hosted by microprocessors and the attached storage. It has been evolving though. Computers became networked, now software controls much of the real world, it's far less harmless than before. We also used to strive for minimizing complexity, I'm not sure how much of that was intentional or just a consequence of limited space while RAM was so expensive. There's probably some level of acknowledgement that there will always be a subset of repairs requiring the dealer's expertise and tooling. Especially as the machines keep getting more complex. So you will still buy the locally supported brand. Bandwidth is finite. It really depends on the style of rural living we're talking about. In my poor rural neighborhood most people simply consume substantially less than the average urbanite, and they reuse as much as possible. Since everyone has a lot of space, they tend to keep everything around and repair stuff, make things from disused junk, repurpose materials from disused/broken structures, etc. I've never lived in an urban setting where storage space was so readily available and eyesore messes tolerated that everyone could practice such extreme levels of reuse. I don't even have garbage service at my place. My urban experiences have been exercises in rampant waste and consumerism. There are folks who live an urbanite high-consumption lifestyle rurally, and those people are definitely burning a lot of energy getting everything brought to them continuously. But that seems to be the exception around me at least; those households stand out like a sore thumb, with a UPS truck visiting every day. > People living in single-family houses and driving everywhere consume much more resources per person than those living in high-rise apartments and taking public transportation or walking. Neither of those fall into what I'd consider a rural "homesteading" scenario. In my experience rural living conditions involve such an inconvenient drive to town that you make shopping lists and coalesce needs for the infrequent trip. It's necessarily a bulk-mode operation with substantially improved efficiency over what you're describing which strikes me as the typical suburban American home. Of course if rural folks are commuting to a city by car every day for work, it's not great. If you're going to reference the criticism you should really include Walker's response as well: https://sleepdiplomat.wordpress.com/2019/12/19/why-we-sleep-... I imagine it'd be fine for a single use even holding the thing if it's a low-power bird-shot shell. Frankly I'm surprised by all the comments here dismissing the practicality of the plastic pipe gun. Sure, there's risk of it potentially failing, but the whole scenario is implicitly a pretty desperate situation where someone's constructing a single-use firearm on a budget near zero. Safety and reliability aren't going to be the top priorities. It wouldn't surprise me if you were able to fire a smaller caliber slug from PVC simply by sizing the barrel larger than the slug so there's not a good seal containing the pressure. Sure you'll lose muzzle velocity and accuracy, but for an up-close weapon it can still be lethal while reducing the explosion risks. Anyone who's played with class-c fireworks like mortars will know that even a thin cardboard tube can be both safe and reusable in launching loose-fitting projectiles with black powder. The powder I removed from .357 bullets and mortars as a pyromaniac kid was pretty damn similar, almost identical looking in grain size and flame speed when burned in open air. Nice, ~1000lbs of sand in the back of an elantra gt must put it on the bump stops, no? I made a roof rack for my miata which attaches to the roll bar and windshield frame like the convertible top, it enables moving 4x8 sheets of plywood/drywall. I even moved a 305 gallon cistern using the setup without trouble, and a dozen 4x6x12' beams of douglas fir. > Miata Is Always The Answer It really is http://pengaru.com/~vc/tmp/tank1.jpg I agree that the police work and charges appear to be pretty flimsy, based on what I read in the linked articles throughout this thread. But that's all orthogonal to the feasibility of such a gun. I only saw one photo of the thing which didn't show any of the interior details at all. I'm assuming the police at least scrutinized it enough to determine it was indeed an improvised gun, i.e. verified some kind of firing pin mechanism. As for its diameter, I don't know why you're assuming there's not a coaxial arrangement going on here. Did you see photos showing details I didn't see? URL please if so. > IMHO, that's all you really need to know about X-Windows. That there was at least one poor, misleadingly titled book about MOTIF? I've had many X-related textbooks over the years, and frankly the documentation was exceptionally good and felt like a total waste on something as byzantine as X. They're pretty close according to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insulin_index "White pasta" 40 ±5 vs. "Beef" 51 ±16 > As a productivity drug, amphetamines far outclass psychedelics. They're not mutually exclusive, I'm sure there's significant overlap between the adderall and microdosing crowds. I've dabbled with that approach but it's really miserable having a 1-2 day migraine every few days. "asking for the rules to be suspended during the outbreak to prevent further environmental and economic damage" It's not like having those planes full of people results in less environmental damage. We're just trying to slow the spread so not all the vulnerable population - there's a large number, end up in the hospital simultaneously. If that happens, then everyone is more likely to die when they need the hospital for unrelated reasons and can't get treated because its doors are shut. You may be young and healthy and not be concerned, but if you're spreading it around carelessly you're facilitating the nightmare scenario of a collapsing healthcare system. Does that seem likely to you when the impetus for not flying is the coronavirus? I believe it's more nuanced than that. When you're a billionaire you're probably very diversified, and such foundations can serve as convenient vehicles for shuttling money between interests while giving a tax advantage and buying social favor, and who knows, you might manage to actually help some people along the way. Hypothetical example: Gates sits on the board of the medical company producing covid test kits and holds a large stake. So he directs his foundation to buy huge quantities of the kits and give them away. Gets a number of birds stoned at once. TIL a hypothetical example equates an accusation. Not trying to be cold-hearted about it, but if the virus ultimately kills off a lot of sick/edlerly people, wouldn't the aftermath of that be a boon for the economy? > Maybe, but at best this means... buying a few more things, taking a few more trips. I can think of some better effects than that. How about a bunch of California homes coming on the market and collecting property taxes proportional to their current value for the first time in decades? Same, I find it very effective for cleaning/degreasing parts without bringing real degreasers/soaps/water into the picture. It's also really useful for spraying down bicycle/motorcycle chains after they get wet to prevent rusting. But it does require some fresh lube after things dry off. > it almost feels like Trump has some secret weapons ready to save the day. You would think that, since most of the leaders are in a high risk demographic and spend large chunk of their time shaking hands with strangers, they would be more vigilant He's behaving entirely consistently with how he always has: deny everything, project perfection. There's no signal here of a secret weapon, it's a complete shit show. I don't know why you're being downvoted, you make a valid point. Do you mean in general routine maintenance or for when it's exposed to water? "there's no point for democracy when ignorance is celebrated" - NOFX The whole song is disturbingly accurate/prophetic. https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/nofx/idiotsaretakingover.htm... I'm completely unsurprised by what you're describing. I observed similarly disturbing behavior waiting in line @ Home Depot the other day. A customer was excited to find they had hand sanitizer in stock, and another customer told him there's a whole aisle full of the stuff and that all the covid stuff is fake news which devolved into nonsensical madness between yokels I had to just walk away from. Of course our Home Depot had some in stock, we're in rural bumblefuck middle of nowhere. Our stores only run out of things when the employees forget to do their jobs. also https://www.zdnet.com/article/intel-cpus-vulnerable-to-new-l... HP's legacy runs deep in the valley, it's not unique to Jobs at all. It's shocking how far HP has fallen from its illustrious past. > There really is a sweet spot in most people's disposable income and on-road costs and range anxiety (also a highly irrational place btw) which is just around the corner I often jump at the opportunity to talk EVs with common folks who aren't car enthusiasts but do own/operate automobiles. What I've come to appreciate is that range anxiety isn't even the primary anxiety anymore. There's enough EVs out in the wild and just general evidence of their being usable as daily drivers that it seems to be a thing of the past. What does seem to be a major source of anxiety is battery lifetime and serviceability/cost. And I think that's a perfectly rational thing. Consider what most people experience with laptops and smartphones when it comes to modern rechargeable battery technology. They swell up, they catch fire, they lose capacity, they're not even standardized on EVs so you're locked into a specific vendor, it might not even be made by the OEM anymore so you're stuck with shoddy reverse-engineered replacements (classic thinkpad owners know this experience all to well). With volatile companies like Tesla you can't even be confident they'll still be around to service the electrics/battery in 5-10 years. What I wish companies like Tesla would do is define some standard form factors for things like batteries, motors, motor controllers, and charge systems. If they'd just get things to where EVs are very much like oversized electric RC vehicles, where we can buy the vehicles potentially without any battery at all with a competitive market of battery vendors to choose from fulfilling requirements of an open standard, a lot of these sources of anxiety completely vanish. Imagine a world where you could have a Tesla delivered to your local mechanic without a motor, motor controller, or battery. It's a roller conforming to a set of standards for those components. Then you buy those to your liking from whatever vendors you prefer in the size/capacities/costs you prefer. I'm pretty confident such a situation would have EV adoption explode everywhere, nobody would be worried about having an unmaintainable rube goldberg machine of proprietary electronics collecting dust on their driveway in 10 years. Their March-April visualization shows Italy as being outside of the predicted at-risk zone. It's March 10th and Italy just announced a nation-wide quarantine, how does this square with the model as predicted? Is it just too early to see? Will we know by April if this model is useless if Italy continues to have covid-19 spreading? > Suburbs are the best place to be. I'm pretty sure I'd rather be homesteading off-grid in a remote wilderness or on a sailboat than in an average American suburb through all this. Because that's what happens in the aftermath of a scarcity event; all those people who were hung out to dry don't push harder for more in the future, and those who had it all decide to take less. This strikes me as child-level naivete. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_African_Ebola_virus_ep... I don't think it requires any more than an indifference towards the welfare of others from those who believe they can afford any kind of healthcare they would ever need while simultaneously pursuing a minimal tax bill. It does seem kind of karmic through the lens of NIMBY older folks have been making it impossible for younger generations to buy/build homes near them, and now they want the young whipper snappers to care about their welfare. Maybe the best way to become a home owner in SF in the near future is to run around infecting everyone there ASAP. (In case it's not obvious, I'm mostly kidding) I'm surprised they don't just provide a day care service for the children of healthcare workers, considering those children are more likely to get infected by their parent anyways just preemptively treat them as patients with some shared curriculum and oversight. > Many don't have more than a few days of food in-house At this point if you don't have at least a week's supply of rice on hand you're just being careless. It's dirt cheap and large sacks are readily available everywhere. The dude on Joe Rogan's podcast made it sound like the covid spread is mostly just a matter of breathing the same air. Is she allowed visitors? Where is she being held? Thanks, I had skimmed the article but missed the location. It's annoying, there's conflicting information on this front, like this article about the CDC changing its recommendation on the type of face masks hospital personnel should use [0]. They're claiming you can't get it by simply breathing the same air, and saying surgical masks are sufficient. [0] https://www.sacbee.com/news/local/health-and-medicine/articl... > more permissive license Not everyone favors a more permissive license. This makes me wonder if life expectancy in terms of years would be proportionally shorter if our days were say 48hrs instead of 24. Would slowing the earth's rotation have the side effect of extending our lifespan? > Oregon seems to be taking a "wait and see" approach which is ridiculous because no one can "see" anything without adequate testing! You still see fatalities and the symptomatic without testing. It's just not preemptive detection, "wait and see" in this context just strikes me as "wait til the hospitals are overwhelmed". Which is still dumb imho. Seeing the cellphone footage of Hubei/Wuhan hospitals from weeks ago didn't make me fear mob panic; it made me fear a total paralysis of the health system. It's tempting to imagine the same situation with Americans instead of Chinese would more resemble a Walmart riot on Black Friday. But I think when it's a bunch of genuinely sick people filling the hospitals, they're a more docile and incapacitated bunch. Those still healthy but panicky aren't going to be interested in being in close proximity to large numbers of strangers which is kind of a requirement for a mob to form. I expect quiet streets, like a zombie apocalypse film, with people minimally venturing out for supplies. No point in wasting a test on someone you're assuming is and treating as infected. I've experienced that with some Chinese folks on the streets of SF. But I've also experienced it with some Americans from NYC, and just assumed it was an emergent trait of people living in heavily-populated high-density cities. Edit: There's a similar phenomenon I've seen sharing space/food with guy friends who grew up with multiple brothers. The baseline aggression and competitiveness is visibly turned up a notch. People with symptoms who have had no known contact with the infected, to determine if it's covid-19 or just something else? Edit: I'm assuming we're talking about in the reality scenario where we don't have the testing capacity to test everyone . If you're not just testing the symptomatic, you're testing everyone who isn't already in the infected set, I don't think the US/Canada is prepared for that. If you want to contribute, fix bugs found by syzbot [0], there's an endless backlog there. It's the fastest way to get your hands dirty, familiar with a variety of subsystems, and land meaningful, appreciated patches upstream. [0] https://syzkaller.appspot.com/upstream Isn't a significant part of why we're fucked the gutting of ... everything, by this administration? e.g. https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/jan/31/us-coronavirus... There's a complete lack of leadership in handling this pandemic in large part because this incompetent administration disbanded the national security team global health security and biodefense directorate. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2018/0... This is nonsense, you don't even need to cook anything at all to eat healthy from the grocery store. You just have to get off your ass and actually go buy perishable fresh groceries regularly and plan for the week ahead. Laziness and convenience prevails. If it's a lack of time, then it's a lack of time to even hit the grocery store. Which depending on where you live, if it's a food desert situation, may be valid. > When you can buy twinkies and pork chops you're not actually poor. When you are really poor you eat rice and beans and some vegetables you grow for yourself. And then you don't have diabetes typically. The EBT program here in the US completely distorts the situation. My local grocery store serves a very poor community, most of the customers pay with EBT. I get to see what kind of things these folks buy, it's idiotic. We could do a lot of good if EBT were only applicable to fresh perishable goods like produce/eggs/milk/fish/meat. It almost seems like people on EBT hate themselves for being poor and lean in on being self-destructive while at the store paying for things with EBT. They largely buy processed/prepared junk food, it's unbelievable, but if you view the food they buy as another drug prodding the reward centers of their brains, it's making them feel good in the short-term while giving them diabetes and other ailments in the long-term. EBT enables affording it by being almost equivalent to cash. It is true, the produce department has some of the cheapest food in the store. How much is a bundle of bananas? That's a week's breakfast. Unless you only buy organic, then you might go broke while hungry. > Bananas by themselves are not healthy food, they're very high in sugar and have little else to offer. That depends on ripeness [0], I eat a mostly green banana every morning and it doesn't have much sugar at all while keeping my bowels very regular. It's been my breakfast for decades, I'm quite healthy, and eat a diet almost entirely composed of raw produce. The rest is nuts/seeds/legumes and canned fish. I rarely ever cook, and if I didn't go for organic produce this would be a very cheap diet except for the nuts. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Resistant_starch#Nutritional_i... > So it would be cheap if it was something else, but it's not. By volume most of the "nuts" are roasted unsalted peanuts, which are very cheap, and as you know actually legumes. I just have a taste for expensive walnuts and cashews, and like organic produce, but I'm not poor. Everyone can afford peanuts, or peanut butter. I prefer roasted intact peanuts since there's less opportunity for fuckery like replacing peanut oil with palm oil and adding sugar. Ya don't say... https://twitter.com/cjjohnsonjr/status/1238868541689880576 I believe it's normally limited to life-threatening circumstances, like showing up at the ER with a gunshot wound. Social distancing or voluntary unnecessary exposure to help others, which is it gonna be? It's unnecessary if your needs are covered. I agree in general for US vs. EU, here far more travel is done via automobiles. But the Bay Area does have MUNI and BART, it's not a no public transportation situation. The CDC web site is not behind a paywall. The office Trump's administration disbanded was formed after the 2014 Ebola outbreak handling was botched, precisely to address the shortcomings you're bringing up. Edit: It's being reported on currently: https://www.newsweek.com/former-head-white-house-pandemic-of... PSAs are meant to be broadcast to all audiences. On a subscription service, the audience is the subscribers. There's no requirement that I'm aware of for subscription services to offer non-subscribers any content of any sort, including PSAs. Well that was an interesting little rabbit hole with a grim end, thanks for sharing. "His son, Jesse Livermore Jr., committed suicide in 1975. His grandson also killed himself." > Don’t do this. It makes for boring reading. Your post was otherwise filled with pretty bog-standard leftist stuff that does just fine on HN. Speaking of boring reading... You can't get isopropanol/isopropyl/"rubbing" alcohol as sold in pharmacies usually near the hydrogen peroxide? You can mix this with aloe vera lotion in ~50:50 mix for a diy hand sanitizer. I did something sort of similar for the basic menu controls in a little game I made, visible here [0]. It's a fun puzzle to work out how to draw things like a question mark or on-off power icon in a fragment shader. Definitely not the easiest/quickest way to construct a UI though, especially with weak math-fu like mine. [0] http://pengaru.com/~vc/tmp/q.png > I don't look forward to being cooped up inside for weeks to months. There's no need to be cooped up unless you're actually sick. You can go for walks, runs, hikes, bike rides, do whatever outdoor activities you want as long as it's not crowded, without it being a problem. Indeed, public transportation is the worst option when it comes to sanitation. “Respirators, ventilators, all of the equipment — try getting it yourselves,” Mr. Trump told the governors during the conference call, a recording of which was shared with The New York Times. “We will be backing you, but try getting it yourselves. Point of sales, much better, much more direct if you can get it yourself.” https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/16/us/politics/trump-coronav... I don't commute, but use my automobile to retrieve groceries and potable water every week or two. I don't see this as a poor solution to my particular needs, but I do look forward to it being electric and charged from solar panels on my roof. It can't possible be worse than advice to buy at the start of this covid-19 disaster. I feel for those stuck holding this particular bag of shit. Fortunately I pulled out after the last TSLA earnings call, and look forward to the future shopping spree once the dust settles. I haul water from a bulk water dispenser in town operated by the city water department, have a cistern cache on site which gets topped up that way. It's not that unusual in desert communities like mine. Considering how much more likely you are to die from a car crash when the hospitals are saturated with covid-19 patients, he's not wrong. The two party system in the US behaves an awful lot like good-cop/bad-cop to me. I think so, on the surface, the democratic party seems to fit pretty well with the good cop as described by [0]. But the whole thing is a farce, neither is actually acting genuinely in the interests of the subject. That's the point. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Good_cop/bad_cop Things that can tolerate it without getting ruined/spoiled will sanitize much quicker in direct sunlight. Influenza is a completely different family of virus, COVID-19 is not another flu. The realm Riboviria is where they diverge, which is pretty far up there. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coronaviridae https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orthomyxoviridae I don't get it. At home I just step into the tub and wash my butthole with soap and water. Dry with a towel no different than having taken a shower, then get on with my life all nice and fresh down there. No need for TP or more consumer garbage to maintain and wear out that doesn't even clean as effectively as proper bathing w/soap and hands. Umm... 1. How often do you shit? If I'm shitting more than once in a day, I'm sick, so, exceptional. 2. I just remove my pants and underwear. There's a hand-held sprayer in the tub. My shoes are already removed if I'm indoors, and I don't usually wear socks indoors. It's a trivial matter to step out of my lower half and into the tub, spray my bottom without getting my shirt wet. 3. When I'm at home I'm generally just wearing boxer shorts anyways, pants are for work. I'm surprised this needs further clarification. > You use your bare hand? What do you bathe using? It doesn't matter when you have running water and soap on the ready. Obviously after your ass is clean you ensure your hands are washed too before shutting off the water. The water spray knocks off the bulk before hands get involved anyways. > When I read 1&2 I figure, ok, this commenter leads a peculiar life but it works for them. What's peculiar about 1&2? No shoes is normal for clean homes, and I'm in a warm climate so socks aren't really needed. It's not unusual for a tub+shower to have a handheld sprayer for spot rinsing, it's very useful for washing the facilities too. > Do you have guests often? Need to answer the door? Visible to your neighbors from any of your windows? I still wear a t-shirt most of the time unless it's hot. When guests are around I just throw on swim trunks over the boxers out of respect, that doesn't complicate dropping trou in any way; they come down and go back on together as a unit. Same for answering the door, throw on swim trunks beforehand... I'm on acres of land, the nearest neighbors neither matter nor care about what's going on in my home. Cool that they managed to get it digging. The "mole" is actually an interesting bit of engineering, since they wanted to dig to a depth of something like 16 ft IIRC, and obviously needed to keep the weight down. It's a sort of self-hammering nail. > But is it really necessary to act like everyone else are the weird ones for not giving their anus a sponge-bath in the bath tub every time they shit? Who said anything about using a sponge? My comment wasn't directed at "everyone else", only those using bidets at home. Elsewhere in this thread there are numerous comments from people debating ways to dry after using the bidet, complexities surrounding dirty towels or useless wet TP which then leaves pulpy clumps on your butthole and hair. I know the problems, I've used bidets, it's kind of awful. Why on earth would you subject yourself to this at your own home where you're in control? At the office or in a guest bathroom, ok, I get it. I've used the Japense style bidet seat attachments at the Googleplex, and think that's a neat thing for an employer to do for employees and makes sense as an improvement in that circumstance, but it's an unnecessary compromise at home. You presumably have proper bathing facilities. Instead of tapping into your toilet water line for some inferior fixed soap-less water splashy splash onto your butthole awkwardly sitting over the toilet, just get a handheld sprayer for your tub/shower and do it well. It's way better, and you can properly dry off with a bath towel leaving it clean enough for reuse. Nobody should ever have to exit their own damn bathroom with a dirty bottom. Per adult with more per child... It's concerning how hesitant I am to assert today's consumers wouldn't accept such a compromise. In the past, not even distant past, just ~15-20 years ago, I'd confidently say that would never fly without hesitation. It's definitely not the case today. Just look at how willing people are to delegate control over their lives to Tesla's "Autopilot". Even well-educated software engineers are being killed by putting 100% confidence in this glorified cruise control. > Well, I know that everybody's digestive system is different, but I have read that only one #2 per day is unusual for a lot of people and may be a sign of constipation. I think a lot of people go after most major meals. My impression is that most people with normal, regular digestion, ideally go #2 once in the morning after their laxative^Wcoffee and before bathing. In the distant past I had digestive problems which generally required a #2 shortly after any substantial meal. That was not what I'd consider ideal nor healthy. It was a nuisance and often resulted in an urgent need to use toilets away from home in restaurants and such, unhygienic to say the least. Learning how to eat the right things to keep regular with a #2 per morning, even without stimulants like coffee, for me was a major part of becoming an adult. I don't think this is that unusual based on convos I've had with close enough friends to speak freely on the subject. No mention of hydrogen peroxide... I've been using it to disinfect supplies I bring home and don't want to quarantine for a day before bringing inside, as well as washing my hands. Is there a reason it's not mentioned? Am I misinformed on its effectiveness as a disinfectant vs. viruses? It's always been my goto for disinfecting surfaces... it's nice in that it decays into harmless water, and it's not really an issue if you get small quantities of 3% in your mouth, even if swallowed. > This is stupid, it's a respiratory virus, it needs to enter your lungs. Get your stuff, wash your hands. Done. This is why restaurants are still open for takeout. Why is washing your hands appropriate but not washing the contaminated items you'll touch with your washed hands afterwards? Your comment strikes me as stupid. > Building up herd immunity in the rest of the population once hospital supply lines are robust might be the best way to unwind the existing rules Have you been out in public in the USA since the "shelter in place" orders took effect in any of the affected states/cities? This is not a quarantine, it's not an absolute containment effort. The effect is to simply slow the spread to something hopefully less than wildfire. There will be herd immunity developing regardless of what we do. Vulnerable people are already afraid and staying home as much as possible. Plenty of people are out going about their lives despite the shutdown. I'm in CA and went for a supply run yesterday, Home Depot was crowded with folks who seemed to be taking advantage of the time off to do home improvement projects. Plenty of evidence of sick folks out there being careless as well. The contagion is spreading either way. Are you aware that even with the measures you're arguing are unnecessary in place, our hospitals are fast approaching capacity and we're having PPE shortages? It'd only be worse. The average American has a long way to go before reaching "very underweight". It's more like the gnome people picked up abandoned torches. At least China now knows they have brakes that work. Only if you conflate the users with the existing pool of GTK/GNOME developers and maintainers of the time. I'm thrilled to see that fork attract enough new talent to apparently maintain itself and meet the needs of what's a relatively small fraction of linux desktop users. Everyone should have at least one large sack of rice and beans in dry storage. Expecting an operation like McDonalds to maintain enough spare capacity to provide everyone's emergency sack of rice and beans in the event of a disaster is completely idiotic. Exposing yourself to the people handling the food at fast food restaurants for a single meal is not what I'd call a remotely wise trade-off vs. a single grocery trip bringing home literally a month of calories in rice and beans. Consider the likelihood that whoever prepared your fast-food took public transportation and lives in cramped, shared housing, and is so desperate for income they're working at a fast-food joint. You can't even reasonably disinfect what you receive from the drive-thru before consuming it. When you're using the laptop's keyboard but a larger external monitor in front of you. Thinkpads have had this ability for as long as I can remember. Is this Lemur Pro yet another marked-up rebrand? Having used Thinkpads exclusively for decades, I had no idea it was a unique feature and nearly broke the hinge on my ex's Macbook Air when she was sitting across from me and wanted me too see something on her screen. I reached across the table and grabbed the top of her screen pulling it down to horizontal while I leaned over to look down on it while she exclaimed "stop! you're breaking it!" as her keyboard elevated her hands... Fortunately I had my Thinkpad in front of me and immediately demonstrated I wasn't completely insane for expecting it to be fine. Most home offices don't have 16 displays attached to the desk I was mostly kidding, though they do tend to have what amounts to a videowall attached to the trading desks from what I've seen in photos shared by friends working in HFT. What I suspect is a larger barrier is their paranoia. It'd surprise me if any HFT firm was comfortable with equipping the homes of its traders with everything needed from the bespoke software to appropriate hardware etc. They're very protective of their trade secrets and wouldn't want that stuff sitting around in the homes of employees where it can be either copied or otherwise scrutinized. Just because asymptomatic folks are testing positive doesn't mean they stay asymptomatic. My understanding is this is just a temporary phase of the infection where most people are asymptomatic while spreading the virus. Eventually , without treatment, it usually escalates to a symptomatic phase. > Packers and deliverymen should also wear gloves, etc. these days. Those same delivery men the news has been reporting on working while sick [0]? How confident are you they're not coughing and sneezing into those gloved hands? [0] https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/21/business/coronavirus-ups-... I'm pretty sure TP disintegrates in the sewage system, there's no hope nor need of separating it from feces. My understanding is that the solids are separated from the liquids and in the case of the MWRD of Chicago [0], air dried before being put to reuse. The point is TP just becomes part of the solids and there's no need to separate it from the rest of the solids, it's complementary being derived from trees. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metropolitan_Water_Reclamation... To add insult to injury all those CDC-developed test kits nobody was using because they were faulty actually were perfectly usable the whole time. https://www.businessinsider.com/cdc-coronavirus-testing-erro... It's a public mailing list, I see zero upstream kernel commits from arno@* so it doesn't appear the response came from someone who actually knows and works with the dm-crypt code. I'm on a number of public mailing lists and there's often a participant who tends to be both available/communicative and callous in their communication style. My assumption is there's a filter effect going on here where some folks who have very poor social abilities wind up at their computer alone all the time and public mailing lists become part of their few remaining human interactions. What I'd take away from this particular dm-crypt interaction isn't that the community is assholes, but that the community is small and the mailing list poorly attended/inactive. In the past I've reported my own dm-crypt problems upstream and it took years to get a bisected regression reverted. Just getting relevant people to pay attention was a challenge. > If you go to meet people instead of selling your product go to smaller confs put on by local organizers. An added bonus to strictly attending local conferences is less harmful emissions from frivolous air travel. No shit, it's not like we have no slave-owners today for lack of want, either. > We have no slaves today because renting turned out to be cheaper than owning with advancement of infrastructure and technology. Nonsense, I have an embarrassing number of acquaintances who've admitted to wanting slaves and that they'd have them if it weren't illegal. It's important to keep in mind that there's no shortage of people who'd be slave owners if only it were legal. What you see in the prison system is a modern variant but only accessible to very few. Conventional slavery was damn near ubiquitous, accessible to many. We have no slaves because it's illegal. For starters, in the early 1700s over 40% of NYC households enslaved people, not even in the south. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_the_United_States#C... Frankly I find this subject far too depressing to read about for your needs. I'm sure you're perfectly capable of google searches and reading about the history of slavery on your own if you're so interested. We were taught this in school, that it was a very common practice with little to no barrier to entry in the early days, and wasn't even racially discriminated until rebellions started. There are even well-documented records of freed slaves becoming slave owners themselves, it was that trivially accessible and generally accepted. My point was that slavery was accessible to many , contextually in contrast to prisons today, context your quote omitted. Slaves you'd acquire in units as small as an indentured servant, prisons are far more complex with substantial barriers to entry. In an environment of legalized slavery any household could easily get in on it, I can't even begin to imagine how I'd go about starting a prison yet it's presumably legal for me to try. > 3. This is nearly 5x (!) the prior record of 671K new jobless claims from 1982, and redefines the scale for jobless claims. [1] This should be normalized to be per-capita, comparing absolute figures is distorted by population growth. The US was only 230M people in 1982, 100M less than today. After normalizing it's more like 3.9x. > The only ones who will really see their lives change significantly are the ultra-rich, who need us riding around in Ubers, renting Airbnbs, and buying plane tickets so they can fund their wealthy lifestyles. [citation needed] Having curiously perused the source for one of Tarn's earlier games, Liberal Crime Squad [0], and running away in horror, I'm really curious what the source for DF looks like... especially considering for how long they've plugged away at it. Looking at LCS source was a lesson in how unimportant good programming can be when it comes to making a fun game. But I still can't bring myself to shed all my hygienic programming practices whenever I sit down to hack on a toy. It's really kind of frustrating, since it does add significant time to the development process from waffling about good names and clean abstractions. [0] https://sourceforge.net/projects/lcsgame/ In a world where people's identities have become hopelessly conflated with their occupation, preventing them from working for a prolonged period would seem like a pretty major change to their lives. I'm talking about working-class folks here, not the ultra-rich. Life isn't just about having money to buy food. Look at all those offices and spacious high-walled cubicles, productivity nirvana! I want to like this show, but it far too often devolves into the hosts giggling uncontrollably like a couple of schoolgirls. It lacks the professionalism and respect for the listener's time and attention I've come to expect after listening to shows like This American Life for years. I'm not complaining about the general light-heartedness and casual laughter. There are full on prolonged laughing fits about stuff the audience isn't even aware of. Like we're eavesdropping on kids experiencing a sugar high and giggling over an inside joke. That becomes obnoxious real quick. > But then again the cruise ship industry that doesn't pay US tax is getting bailed out [citation needed] What I've been reading is the opposite, like [0]. [0] https://www.miamiherald.com/news/business/tourism-cruises/ar... With proper care it's doable, but that stack is bringing a whole lot of baggage you'll need to either strip out or isolate your control process from. Having a bunch of cores is advantageous though. There are a variety of options for dedicating one core to the special purpose while the rest serve the general-purpose wild west. But I'd be surprised if you didn't have headaches just using some python code with cpu affinity on an otherwise unchanged raspbian install. There are a bunch of short earlier works when he was writing for something like Women's Home Journal to pay the bills that one wouldn't go wrong skipping IMHO. Zen is worth a read to acquire a label for gumption traps alone. But I must admit I've probably never actually read the entire thing, whenever chapters went deep into Phaedrus land I probably skipped a few pages here and there. “It’s not a concern,” he said. “The virus, we believe, is politically motivated. We hold our religious rights dear and we are going to assemble no matter what someone says.” It sounds like the bottles were serving as insulation, nothing structural. Was there anything used as mortar between the bottles? Relevant: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Earthship Lies. More uninformed lies... Does your app have an About App page or other clearly visible GPLv3 banner containing your name, which they then removed? "Smart" should be in quotes. Ease of maintenance by the same group of people who already work in that repo? Reuse of shared, low-level components residing in the systemd repository? It's similar to why drivers are preferably merged upstream into the linux kernel source tree. Doing so ensures they continue to work as the kernel evolves, it also makes them more likely to get maintained in the long-term in general. I haven't audited systemd-boot specifically but just look at bootctl.c's "" includes [0], those come from the systemd source tree, and very little is in the src/boot/ subdir. Consider the fact that the project is all relatively low-level C code without any external bloaty dependency like glib bringing simple data structures like linked lists and hash tables to the party. There's heaps of useful stuff in-tree, and its being maintained as a whole and kept in sync, in a similar style to the kernel. Poke around [1] [2] [3] for some idea of what's there. [0] https://github.com/systemd/systemd/blob/master/src/boot/boot... [1] https://github.com/systemd/systemd/tree/master/src/basic [2] https://github.com/systemd/systemd/tree/master/src/libsystem... [3] https://github.com/systemd/systemd/tree/master/src/shared I don't really understand what you're asking. Edit: Do you mean the component that actually implements the boot loader? I'm not sure if there's any sharing there at this time, it's probably largely as-is from the gummiboot import. This isn't an area I've worked on personally, but you can poke around if you want: https://github.com/systemd/systemd/tree/master/src/boot/efi > Unless you have the (ops) capacity to host it yourself reliably, chances are GitHub will be up more than your self-hosted solution. For an individual it's absolutely trivial to self-host git over ssh more reliably than github. It just costs a bit of money. > they still come out and make amazing little features like this one that nobody thought to ask for Privacy/security-conscious computer users have been asking for user-controlled hardware switches on such peripherals from the moment they were shipped integrated into the device. From one of the cited articles > Chinese scientists already have warned that further nuclear tests could cause the mountain to collapse and release the radiation from the blast. It sounds like it's "tired" in the sense that the mountain itself is exhausted from too many underground tests, and additional tests may collapse it risking test-originating radioactive fallout. > Violating a TOS isn’t illegal and I don’t have to import your requirements in a society ruled by law What do you think it is that empowers the owners of this web site to do as they please with it? You are a guest here, learn to be a better one. Relevant: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwkdGr9JYmE Same here, but disturbingly some sites are making it a requirement. The Match Group dating sites like Plenty of Fish and OkCupid recently made it a hard requirement to setup a 2FA phone number, even for existing accounts. It's a super annoying trajectory, and I imagine potentially dangerous if one considers the dating sites and victims of abusive relationships attempting to get out. Making physical access to the phone all one needs to gain access to a dating profile is a clear regression from unsaved passwords. Relevant: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUDP6e5N9gw What are you doing to combat the risks of attacks like SIM-swapping? Personally I find using phone numbers for this purpose as a cop-out, and like you said it's just a Twilio account away from being defeated. Like captchas it's only a matter of time before that is the baseline capability for bots and you're in no better place than before, except now your users have worsened security. IMHO the true business incentive for requiring numbers is just getting identity-coupled phone numbers which add significant value to their collection of PII. Isn't there always going to be some ambient zinc available even without additional supplementing? I imagine there'd be some evidence of efficacy regardless, but this is nowhere near my area of expertise. > And last I heard their factories never stopped running because they got themselves declared essential. RTFA: Tesla agreed to idle U.S. production last month amid authorities’ orders, choking off the supply of cars to customers. The electric-vehicle maker expects to resume normal production at its U.S. facilities on May 4, according to the memo. That article is comparing NY to CA with the expectation that they should be more similar. CA is a very car-centric state, the public transportation situation is a joke. I'd expect this alone to tamp down the spread relative to NY, considering the density of NYC and how ubiquitous public transportation is there. > Your comment makes zero sense, let me explain: most people use signal through the iOS app. It is very easy to shut down an iOS app. If Apple users actually controlled the software running on their devices that wouldn't be an issue. A want for federated services complements a want for control over our computing. > What disease has ever infected 100% of the population? Most people are infected with some form of Herpes virus AIUI, from Chickenpox to Cold Sores, it's very common. > What we fundamentally got wrong is that ventilators don't work in 66% - 90% of cases, so "flattening the curve" was largely pointless. Use of ventilators coincides with severe cases, and up until this point we haven't learned enough about curing those infected with this virus to recover all such cases. Why are you assuming the ventilator recovery rate is static? We should assume that by "flattening the curve", we've bought valuable time to learn more about this virus, getting closer to better methods of recovery. Ventilators will always play a role in keeping patients alive who've deteriorated to the point of requiring them. I don't think anyone had the impression that ventilators cured anything, which your phrasing of "ventilators don't work" seems to imply. For those wishing to watch this, it's all on youtube here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJ3RzGoQC4s While dated by now, it's rather disturbing how clear the lineage is from where the show ends to the current "social media" era. The breadth and efficacy of public manipulation is arguably greater than ever, and it's a clear threat to democracy IMHO. > Wish there was a way to put a few system critical processes into a container to guarantee them some resources. There is, memcg is a thing, and it has both minimum free and maximum bounds. See the systemd.resource-control(5) man page, you can put important services in their own slice or use nspawn containers. Personally I use nspawn containers for my web browsers, and set memory limits on them. This limits the live-lock behavior you're describing to just within the container. When firefox uses up all the memory, I see thrashing in the form of mostly executable pages being constantly evicted and faulted back in from disk, but the rest of the system stays responsive while the disk is hammered by the reads and some CPU burned while firefox spins its wheels. TFA ignores how much shorter everyone's attention span is in 2020 vs. 1930. > What term will you use when something truly bad comes up? Surely you can imagine genuinely offensive overreactions, plain use of 'abomination' is nowhere near over the top. Consult some of Linus Torvalds' famous rants for examples. Feynman never fails to bring a smile to my face, one of few men I regret being too young to meet before they died. > there's also Feynman the egotistical misogynistic alleged wife beater I find it rather unlikely he was a wife beater considering what I've read about the relationship with his ill wife. It seems far more likely this is gossip spread by folks on a mission to slander great men of the past. If you can't provide any actual evidence backing that claim, you should really refrain from spreading such things IMHO. The actual blog URL is https://www.iquilezles.org/blog/ Maybe the submission title should be s/Blog of/Articles by/, or actually link the blog. A speculative theory backed by purely circumstantial evidence gathered online of covid-19's origin is that chinese researchers investigating coronaviruses in bats working near the wet market in Wuhan had an accident and became infected, one who apparently disappeared and has been presumed dead. I don't know if that's pure conspiracy theory nonsense, but it certainly seems risky to be doing this kind of thing: > Free-ranging bats were captured, and rectal and oral swabs and guano samples collected for coronaviral screening Especially considering the potential for asymptomatic spread... With great care and from a distance. If we're manually catching and swabbing wild bat rectums, I don't think we're doing a good job of keeping a distance, especially considering how far technology has progressed. Is that supposed to be evidence of the covid-19 outbreak originating from the Wuhan lab? Presumably they mean something like https://shadertoy.com but native, like the demo scene's Bonzomatic. https://github.com/Gargaj/Bonzomatic Residents were displaced to build the facilities. People lost their homes and their lives were significantly disrupted, that's a cost it's difficult to put a dollar amount on. > In reality, the only way to be safe is to always wash all your clothing every time you go out, but with a dog, I find that pretty hard. Quarantining the exposed clothes is a better method IMHO, just setup a FIFO of quarantine bins. Add sunlight if possible. I've been using 2-3 days personally, depending on what it is. > I hate to say it, but I’m actually jealous of people who have gone through and recovered from COVID-19. You can enter normal life again, you don’t need to have the fear, the rest of us are simply waiting because the chances of us getting it at some point is very high. Even if you have antibodies it's not going to be normal a life. There will still be social distancing expected and enforced, capacity limits at stores, many businesses closed, and you still need to exercise caution to not spread it unnecessarily just like everyone else. > Being able to visit friends and family is a hell of a step up over having zero face-to-face interactions with any other humans though. Sure, if your friends and family all have antibodies. Otherwise you have to fear for their safety. You could just be running around spreading it to all your loved ones. Having antibodies doesn't suddenly turn you and your appendages into magical virus-free objects. Valve should ship the Steam Client native for ARM/Raspberry Pi Linux users. It's a fairly large underserved community when it comes to gaming, and they're practically all Linux boxes, and the latest gens are perfectly capable of modern 3D gaming, if not all the AAA titles. Fewer than there would be if Steam actually shipped ARM support to those who wanted it. It's a classic chicken-egg problem. I have a game on Steam, it builds and runs on ARM/RPi just fine, but there's no ARM in the list of architectures on Steamworks because the client doesn't support it. So I don't bother shipping the ARM build despite having one here and one of my artists using an RPi4 as their primary desktop with a functioning build of the game for testing. We're talking about commercial interests here. If a game has been ported to native linux/SteamOS, it's likely just a recompile away from having ARM support. If the Steam client were made available to Pi users the demand would appear on the store for more ARM-compatible games and we'd all immediately jump on the opportunity for more sales from practically zero effort. Just speculating here but I hung out with some NYC folks last month in SoCal and they practically all smoked. It was very strange, I rarely encounter smokers living in California. Ages ago in my teens I was part of a group road-tripping cross-country and we passed through Texas. I vaguely recall us encountering trash bins at a rest area with this slogan emblazoned on them, and one of the kids in the group accepting the challenge, kicking over all of the trash cans. Makes me wonder if such a slogan is a net win over just advertising stiff fines for littering. There will always be people who see such things like NO TRESPASSING signs as an impotent challenge. Tough crowd! Highest score for me is 36120, a session which uncovered an interesting emergent phenomenon in the gameplay. Much higher scores are likely attainable once the playfield gets divided into a large cleared area and all infections and vulnerable are concentrated in a small region. At that point respawns into the accessible space slow down significantly and you just have to liesurely dodge viruses... but it gets pretty boring. Adding a new element to spice things up would be nice. Also added a Raspberry Pi build to the zip last night, tested to work fine on an RPi4. This was the most sane and reasonable thing I've read about handling the pandemic, and I'm super bummed it's not regarding my home country. > You being entertained on the train by judging people on their phones sounds hardly more valuable as a hobby than them being entertained by judging people in instagram stories. There's a substantial difference between being on the sidelines vs. in the line of fire WRT the firehose of propaganda. And Twitter requires a phone number for "verification" shortly after creating a new account without one. Stop using this trash. > But Instragram/Facebook,Pinterest and co simply hate the web. I mean they like it when it comes down to user acquisition but their goal is to make you download their app. If they could do away with the web they would. They are no better than Microsoft Balmer era. The web is the real casualty of mobile taking over, more so than the desktop, IMHO. There was a minute between proprietary mobile app dominance and proprietary desktop app dominance where everything new and shiny was a web service first and foremost. During that minute everyone was able participate in all the new shiny things, regardless of what operating system or type of device they used - they just needed a standards-compliant web browser, and nothing ever required your phone number to register, except financial services I guess. I wish the average person understood how liberating and important that state of affairs is for everyone . Based on the few debates I've had on this subject with less technical folks, as long as whatever the average person is carrying in their pocket is supported and they can do/consume what they want today they dgaf how much the walls are closing in on them in the process. > The whole idea of "flattening the curve" was to preserve hospital capacity in order to save lives The lives being saved by flattening are not limited to covid-19 patients requiring intubation. It's also about saving the lives of people who aren't covid-19 infected at all, but require emergency hospital care, which there's a constant supply of on any given day in a major city. Frankly I'm surprised we're even having to clarify this at this late stage, sigh. You don't understand Italian culture. I grew up in an Italian household with both parents Italian immigrants and have a large extended Italian family. It would have been an embarrassment to be unable to make a quality espresso. I never drank any coffee/espresso beverages growing up and it was seen as a rejection of my family's culture, yet despite not consuming it I still was taught how to make espresso and would do it regularly for my parents. Cuisine is a big part of Italian culture. We didn't go to restaurants because they made food better than we did at home because they were professionals, we'd go to give my mother a break and every time it was like the restaurant was on trial with my mother pointing out every damn thing that was done worse than had she made it. Edit: Just wanted to add that having been raised in that environment where authentic home-cooked delicious food was made every day, I can't go to Italian restaurants anymore, not in the US. It's completely ruined it. There were no professional cooks or barristas under that roof, just OG Italians. I've been dabbling a bit in game development in recent years and have so far taken the approach of just building small composable libraries or headers encompassing units of functionality as needed. This of course meant progress was rather slow-going early on, having no prior experience with things like 3D rendering or the related math, spatial indexes/collision detection, the list goes on... I figured by creating everything as needed I would at least be getting a better understanding of what's going on and how everything comes together, plus owning all of the code doesn't hurt. Last weekend I successfully participated in a 24hr irc art contest by submitting a small game using some of these components, and I'm happy to say it's a whole lot easier for me to slap something simple together today with this pile of parts than it was a couple years ago. I made a Show HN about the 24hr contest submission since it's all GPL and thought some HNers might enjoy poking at it, but it didn't seem to get any notice. This was the post if interested https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22940287 Fair, I had assumed it went unnoticed due to poor timing then getting buried. My guess is they didn't even need to be fast, just render once when the window is configured and keep a cache of rounded corners in the window system complete with the masks. They're tiny, and symmetrical. Consistently fails to connect over here on a slow 14K/s link tunneled through an ssh SOCKS5 proxy. Not sure if the game should be playable in these conditions, but it does seem to aggressively give up hope when joining a room. We're not stopping the spread of covid, with or without "hoaxers", this is going to run its course. We're just slowing it to a manageable rate with fairly extreme measures like lock-downs (which will likely be loosening soon anyways), and I don't see small pockets of uncooperative people making a sizable difference in the general outcome, not at this stage. > Programming is a very demanding trade, and I don't think you can do it just for the paycheck, you need to have some degree of passion for it. If someone disagrees with me about this I'd love to hear different takes. There are more people writing programs as a daily grind for a paycheck than as passionate artisans practicing their craft, and it's only getting more so as "CS" becomes an increasingly blue-collar field. What you said strikes me as a rather dated view of programming. It was certainly more true back when just to operate a computer required significant resources, skill, and perseverance. It used to be such a horribly tedious, time-consuming chore to program them, that it often required something like passionate interest to stick it through. Well, Boeing does need money, overpaying for a bunch of crap already in the works is probably easier than a proper bailout. Though I imagine both will occur in the fullness of time. > I call it "vanity hiring". It already has a name; empire building > when I can apply for a mortgage, car loan, credit card, and all kinds of other financial legally binding contracts online in complete security? I enter my SSN, my credit report is pulled. Why can't I enter my SSN, it gets validated in a database on whether I'm alive/have already voted/am currently a legal citizen eligible to vote, and vote? Come back once only you can do all those things on your behalf, and not anyone else having your SSN or other PII. It takes some fussing about but you can do it in more or less the obvious way. I regularly use firefox in a systemd-nspawn container, the only annoying thing at this time is needing root to start the container but there's already a plan for how to fix that and I believe someone has also posted a PR for supporting starting "machines" (in the systemd-machined sense) as a regular user. I'm surprised to see Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory listed still. When I last visited Wilson Hall which must have been nearly a decade ago now, the pendulum had been removed. If memory serves it happened after the cable snapped from wear and they decided to just get rid of it. This [0] post claims they removed it in 2010. It was kind of mesmerizing to watch back in the day, Wilson Hall is a tall building with an open center, it made for a great Foucault Pendulum. [0] https://www.vofoundation.org/blog/cabinet-physics-riding-alo... If I were on the FAANG side and you just told me what happened, I'd value the honest candor and consider the crime irrelevant to your employment. If I had visibility into your post here however, I'd start having second thoughts. GNOME OS is already a thing You must not appreciate that the systemd name is overloaded; there's systemd PID1 the init daemon, and systemd the Katamari Damacy of Linux project. Most contention is over the latter, not so much the former by itself. > 1. No cross platform builds allowed. We can compile to Windows, Linux, Android, Switch, PS4, Xbox One all from one windows build machine. I build for OSX from Linux using clang all the time. You just need to grab the sdk from xcode and get your toolchain all setup. https://github.com/tpoechtrager/osxcross > Then why not run macOS? You value controlling as much of your computing environment as possible? Want source to all the software you use? Do we really need to explain the merits of libre software still in 2020? With that Ubuntu has become useless trash joining the ranks of Android and its impossible to disable constant Play Store updates funneling endless unknown changes onto a machine you supposedly own. > This system improves rocket-engine efficiency so that more power is generated while using less fuel than traditional rocket energies, thus lightening the rocket's load and reducing its costs and emissions. I'm talking about the play store updating itself. It's proven impossible to entirely disable over here, and when I used adb to forcibly uninstall the play store the device stopped booting a week later requiring a factory reset. Try absolutely blocking the play store from updating itself. Even when I've jumped through all the hoops to supposedly stop this from happening, it will still randomly do an update in my experience. It also seems likely to serve as clicking another step down the slippery /Big Brother surveillance now using your own property to surveil you/ slope. Establishing this precedent, helping condition people to cooperate with such unnecessary invasions, under the guise of a big doomy crisis, seems like it could serve a variety of erosive purposes. > Saudi has been investing heavily in the US stock market. At somepoint they were holding TSLA as well, despite relying on oil for their living. Is garden variety hedging and diversification really all that noteworthy? On what planet does anybody pivot to eating home-baked bread without consuming substantially more of it? > The comment is about total bread consumption, not home-baked bread consumption. If the majority of bread-eaters have pivoted to baking it at home, total bread consumption has very likely increased. Not only is it delicious, your home smells like a bakery with every fresh loaf and who can resist a fresh loaf of bread still warm? > Wayland is the next-generation display server for Unix-like systems The first sentence isn't even accurate, it's a protocol. Maybe new thinkpads are exceptionally bad, because I've used thinkpads daily for decades now and have never had this problem. X40, X61, numerous X61S's, X201S, X220, X230, X250, and mix of T-series machines back in the day, not once has this been an issue for me. And I abuse these machines to the point that I replace the worn-polished and sloppy keyboards, and often crack the chassis, they don't live an easy life under my hands. The only remotely related phenomenon I've seen is after resting on the trackpoint steadily long enough, it learns that to be the new center as it's constantly adapting. So upon finally removing my resting finger, it will drift just long enough for the adaptive centering to update and the drift stops. But that's perfectly normal and very short-lived. > This narrative of false equivalency is dangerous, IMO. What's dangerous is convincing yourself that proprietary systems won't betray your trust. > That's not what the parent post said, or inferred. Don't put words in others' mouths please. I thought it was clear those words came from my mouth. This makes me wonder if it has to do with the OS/driver configuration. I've always run the trackpoints as PS/2 mice in Linux which is basically the legacy compatibility mode, and I don't use the touchpad. So I'm not running the Synaptics driver at all, and I do remember when I tried using the Synaptics driver on the X250 @ my previous employer it was very frustrating until I got rid of that and got things back in old-fashioned PS/2 mouse emulation mode. I wasn't having problems with drift, it was more click behavior and acceleration curves being very wonky. But maybe if you're driving things at the Synaptics driver level there's a tighter integration and the OS/driver plays a bigger part in recentering the trackpoint. I'm just speculating here. They've all been bulletproof used as PS/2 mice. This should be more generalized to "write your own tools that suit your workflow and use them, iterating on them as usual." Ambien. after being asked whether he writes his own tweets: "I'm the only author, so, love or hate it, that's me. I've learned some lessons though, such as tweeting on Ambien isn't wise." [0] [0] https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/794578375415238656 --no-install-recommends > That's no excuse. Didn't mean it as one, I'm no Musk apologizer. His erratic behavior is terrible for the company and certainly discourages me from holding TSLA stock much longer than a few hours at a time during positive earnings calls. Presumably I'm not the only one who feels that way. macOS and other non-Windows machines sudo ./rssfs Just what I always wanted; an RSS reader running as root. /s Why are you using sudo here? FUSE filesystems shouldn't require special privileges unless they're accessing privileged stuff like block devices owned by root. You can similarly develop in C for Android using SDL2. Basically your app becomes a .so with a thin java shim SDL2 provides that calls into your .so and you're off to the races. https://wiki.libsdl.org/Android There's no such thing as a `fuse` system executable on linux. There is `fusermount` which is indeed suid (so is `mount` btw), but it's also been designed to accommodate unprivileged FUSE mounts and always adds 'nosuid' and 'nodev' mount options when establishing them. It's not equivalent to being root at all. https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/filesystems/fuse.html... Yeah, that seems to be the case, and I just ordered one even though I don't care about ubports. Looking forward to leaving gps, camera, and microphone switches in the permanently off position and retiring the existing phone lacking such switches. very nice! > This literally none of the merits of a motorcycle and all the detriments Oh please; it doesn't fall over, keeps its occupant dry, protects its occupant more in general, it obviously doesn't have all the detriments of a motorcycle. Pillion experience has more to do with not panicking and not upsetting the balance especially when cornering. Sure, it's not hard to acclimate at all. But I too have ridden heaps of miles in a previous life when I'd habitually tour the US on two wheels, and there can definitely be frustrations and risks with inexperienced passengers. From having to convince them things like No, your Keds are not satisfactory for us to go riding. Yes, you must wear a helmet and some pants and gloves would be smart. No, you should not lean into the corners, just be a predictable appendage of the bike especially at low speeds. No, you should not put your foot anywhere near the chain/chain guard, regardless of how annoyingly high the rear pegs are on this superbike. Yes, you must hold on to me and not let go and bail in a panic, yes, even if the front end comes off the ground and you're looking at the sky briefly. This walk down memory lane reminds me of the time I had to give my ex a ride to work when her car wouldn't start. I had an 04 R1 back then and she never rode on the back before because she was terrified of the thing, and I never had taken passengers on it because it was so poorly suited to it, I actually had to put passenger pegs on for that trip. Just breathing on the throttle in first with her on the back would pull the front end off the ground, it was comically bad with the combination of short wheelbase, high CoG of the passenger on that steep tail, and liter bike tq. When she got off at work she was shaking with fear and said she almost fell off the first time the front end came up a bit and that was having significant experience riding on the back of my previous sport-tourer. On that previous sport-tourer years prior we had an annoying spill where she was leaned over to see around my helmet while we were riding in an unfamiliar part of Chicago when the front end locked up briefly over an oily patch on Ashland braking for a light. Due to her leaning to see around me we were down and tumbling down the road in the blink of an eye, it was rather shocking but things happen quickly when the front end locks up with a passenger leaned over. Fortunately we walked away with just skinned knees, bruised egos, and a ground through stator cover. > his recent Joe Rogan interview shows the contrary I listened to the interview and found Elon ridiculously dismissive of the risks and when he started arguing Shanghai's gigafactory not having any employees die of COVID-19 was proof of the shutdown being unnecessary, it became hard to continue listening at all. How many of those workers got infected and went on the increase community spread to non-employees? Why are we only considering employee deaths? It's as willfully ignorant as people saying things like "I don't wear a mask because I don't have any symptoms." I find it hard to believe that any contemporary operating system can robustly prevent a locally executing program from tricking the average desktop user into entering the administrator password equivalent to TFA's /tmp/sudo example, not on today's average computer. Once programs are running on the machine with the ability to put things on-screen and read keyboard input, this is a very hard problem without hardware-level SAK-like mechanisms which AFAIK no consumer devices include today. The updated mnt reform [0] has some potential for this kind of facility with a keyboard-embedded display connected to a standalone EC and a dedicated button on the keyboard for notifying the EC without the host's involvement. This should enable an actual SAK-like mechanism, where the EC takes over the keyboard for security-sensitive actions like password entry: > The keyboard not only works as a USB HID device, but it also has a direct UART > cable connection to the system controller on the motherboard. By pressing the > circle key, you can interact directly with the system controller, bypassing > the main SoC. To give you visual feedback for this interaction, we added a > tiny 128 x 32 pixel OLED on top of the keyboard. From here, you can check > charger and battery cell status/health without any operating system support on > the main SoC (even while you’re still installing an OS). The keyboard OLED and > direct interaction mechanism has more potential future uses, like a password > manager/wallet or notification display. It's a non-trivial problem even with hardware assistance, without any it seems impossible. [0] https://www.crowdsupply.com/mnt/reform It's ridiculous how much random college-level linear algebra textbook material I stared at before things clicked in the course of just jumping in and exploring 3D graphics and writing my own 3D vector, matrix multiplication and 3D transform headers and using them in making some games in plain C. At some point it's like "Wait, is linear algebra really just about heaps of multiplication and addition? Like every dimension gets multiplied by values for every dimension, and values 0 and 1 are way more interesting than I previously appreciated. That funny identity matrix with the diagonal 1s in a sea of 0s, that's just an orthonormal basis where each corresponding dimension's axis is getting 100% of the multiplication like a noop. This is ridiculously simple yet unlocks an entire new world of understanding, why the hell couldn't my textbooks explain it in these terms on page 1? FML" I'm still a noob when it comes to linear algebra and 3D stuff, but it feels like all the textbooks in the world couldn't have taught me what some hands-on 3D graphics programming impressed upon me rather quickly. Maybe my understanding is all wrong, feel free to correct me, as my understanding on this subject is entirely self-taught. Not really, I didn't follow any specific guide. But if you like learning from youtube videos Casey Muratori has some decent streams about this stuff on his Handmade Hero channel. The 3Blue1Brown channel also has some relevant videos. If you've never written a standalone software-rendered ray tracer, I found that to be a very useful exercise early on. There are plenty of tutorials for those on the interwebs. Thanks for writing this. I intend to pick up a physical copy of Strang's book as it's been repeatedly mentioned in a positive light on HN. So does LA get substantially more involved than just lots of multiplications and additions or is it always at the end of the day still just bags of floats getting multiplied and summed? Is it just a fantastic rabbit hole describing what values you put where in those bags of numbers? Probably, though I suspect as energy density continues improving you'd likely always want the latest mass-produced tech for mobility use even if your existing battery has plenty life left. The used car batteries seem likely to transition into stationary uses like grid power, where density matters less. > it feels like slogging through Leviticus, plus an astronomical amount of suspension of disbelief You sure you're not confusing it with Anathem? SnowCrash was a quick read for me, but Anathem made me hate reading and I don't think I even finished it. Slightly off-topic: At my last office gig employing daily standups they quickly devolved into a thinly veiled attendance check combined with a passive aggressive attempt to shame unproductive team members on a daily basis. It became just another reason for me to never come to the office. At the time I was in a very head-down overworking phase of life and the leadership would turn my participation at standup into a major component in that shaming tool, because I always had a disproportionate amount of things to discuss. Everyone already gets exposed to common colds, hence common . > instead of letting them grown removes one of the last remaining habitats for animals living close to humans Clearly you've never owned a home with pest problems nor dealt with animals chewing the wiring harness on your vehicle or inhabiting its air intake circuit. I'm all for conservation and limiting human population size but there's no sense in encouraging pests to live in/around your house and possessions. > What? That's just absurd. I live in a house with tall grass that gets mowed only once, in fall, and there is a absolutely no pest problem. Jest a sea of colorful flowers ans beautiful insects doing their thing minding their own business. You're right, your sample of one clearly proves the absurdity of it. Butchering Eisenhower's famous quote about planning in times of war: > In producing a skilled game developer, I have always found that their self-made engines are useless, but the development experience is indispensable. "power-beaming technology" > Journalists need to stop using adjectives like "mysterious" when writing about the X-37B. Considering there isn't even a journalist attributed on the article, I'm not sure we should be presuming any were even involved in its publication. I have no doubts beamed-power is possible, I just assume it's effectively an energy weapon and the real magic is at the receiving end harnessing the power without getting destroyed. But if you aim it somewhere other than the receiver, it's a weapon, no? > I'm not convinced. I forgot the exact numbers but when I was trying to look at studies 5G alarmists cite* with an open mind some Energy Densities in question (being applied to animal subjects) were stronger than standing in front of one of those enormous ballistic missile tracking phased arrays (Which given the subject of this thread are also used for tracking satellites) Thank you for implicitly putting me in the company of 5G alarmists. We're not talking about 5G here. > Sending energy from orbit to earth sufficiently strong to kill someone would need something like thousands of gigawatts as a point source I think It doesn't need to kill people to have utility as a weapon. Just look at how the unexplained alleged "sonic attacks" on the US embassy in Cuba played out. I also presume there's potential for damaging sensitive electronics. I'm not in objection of any of this, it's a military mission in nature. It just seems obvious to me that anything capable of beaming useful amounts of energy from space to power drones or anything portable on earth also has potential for direct use as a weapon. The energy density must be relatively high for things having such limited area to collect it. SolveSpace for engineering-oriented parametric CAD needs "And cities with fewer than 500,000 people — most Bay Area cities — are not eligible for direct aid from the federal government." That's kind of amusing, from a NIMBYs doing their best to prevent their cities from growing perspective. > I'm making an argument about how companies should behave, not how they are legally obligated to. The same can be said of jackasses spouting harmful drivel within the confines of free speech. What's surprising to me here is that people are still using qmail in a serious enough capacity to audit its code. As a past qmail user of over a decade, that makes me happy. It's like you guys didn't even read TFA. The proposed building site is an existing public parking lot. The underground parking lot isn't just for the residents, it has to replace the public parking capacity it's occupying as well: Residents and the public would pay for parking in an underground garage, which would help finance the project, as would rent from a small grocery store. > Teardown: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ong91Ji3iDk That video doesn't strike me as particularly flattering. I'm no calculator aficionado, but just watching it already had me experiencing pangs of buyer's remorse and no money had even left my pocket. Echoes of the clamshell sharp zaurus; a well built piece of hardware with very poor software support relegating it to dust collector status. Their enthusiasm more or less ends where the hardware ends and the software starts. Some demonstrated flaws from memory: - Inexplicable help file error right out of the hole - No way to actually display values using the exceptional precision because of the software - Basically no included graphing capabilities despite having a pixel-addressable e-ink display the buyer is no doubt paying extra for - Weird font rendering bug and seemingly pointless font scaling - No modal alphabetic keyboard entry when attempting to do some rudimentary programming See my reply to sibling That's fair, like I said I'm no calculator aficionado and have zero prior experience with the HP42. So I'm coming at it cold and those choices are coming through as defects and an inability to make good use of the hardware being purchased. Can you provide some actual evidence to back your inflammatory, dismissive claims? There is zero mention of sed or awk at [0]. And looking at one of the references [1], it's pretty clearly more involved than sh+sed+awk. Is Apache UIMA [2] 90% sh+sed+awk? At a glance, it doesn't appear to be. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watson_(computer)#Software [1] https://www.aaai.org/Magazine/Watson/watson.php [2] https://uima.apache.org/ Neither seawater or dirt sound like they address the anode or cathode, which seem to be pretty major challenges when it comes to rechargeable batteries. BTW, speaking of seawater and dirt forming a battery, I recently needed a way to measure underground corrosion of buried copper pipe, and it went down a great little rabbit hole uncovering documents such as this [0]. It was fun to go put a voltmeter across various ground-coupled conductors in my home to see what, if any, voltages were present, with the earth serving as part of a battery. [0] https://archive.org/details/CAT78694105 How do you know it does absolutely nothing for you? At the very least, those 10 minutes you're spending meditating are 10 minutes not spent doing something else. Whatever that something else is, would very likely have a different effect. So if anything, meditating is affecting you by displacing something else that would leave its own mark. In some ways, I think "doing absolutely nothing" is the point of meditation, perhaps you're just not appreciating it yet. > Nobody cares if a solar panel is 2% efficient if it costs 100 times less to fabricate and install I use a modern portable solar panel that's in the realm of ~25% efficiency when camping, and I certainly wish it were smaller for the same output. I'd be willing to pay more for that. There's obviously segments that care more about efficiency than cost, not all solar applications have unlimited space. Diesel. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USS_Portland_(LPD-27) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Antonio-class_amphibious_t... I know an artist/dev who uses one exclusively, but it's kind of weird to see listed as a "Mini PC " since it's not x86. If you have any intention of using something PC-centric like Steam to play even simple games, it's not supported on ARM yet. Maybe they're too busy spending their MDB money. https://www.google.com/search?q=NASDAQ:+MDB I wish the rules also prohibited commenting on downvoting for breaking the rules. It too makes for boring reading. > Are companies not supposed to invest money into their product, sales, people etc ? > And why does being listed on the NASDAQ imply being flush with money ? It was intended to be a playful reference to MDB's stock price being on a tear right now, not simply being listed on NASDAQ. Expand the timeline on the graph to "Max", it's at an all time high. Can't wait to play with this once my pinephone finally arrives. Or Sexmo ;) I'll match your single sample of anecdata as a previous smoker from the midwest and occasional coffee drinker: I never found nicotine addictive. It never compelled me to increase my consumption beyond a few cigarettes a day, usually in social settings. I never became a regular purchaser of cartons of cigarettes. It was purely a social activity as most my peers were smokers and participating in the smoke breaks was a huge part of socializing. But it never escalated beyond that, there was simply no draw and stopping cold-turkey was completely uneventful with zero physiological effects. Coffee however, has such a profoundly stimulating effect on me, it completely derails my life for days after a lone day of consumption. It's a very on-vs-off modal existence, and if I fall into the on mode for more than a couple contiguous days, I begin craving it and actively seeking it out. And when I manage to finally resist those cravings, I end up going through ~three days of hangover-like withdrawal hell which if I'm not up for enduring will just push me back on the wagon to make it stop. For me, coffee/caffeine is far more sinister and addictive than cigarettes. > with an AMD cpu/GPU, and free software Last I checked the AMD story was worse than Intel. At least on Intel you can go the ME-cleaner route to disable the Management Engine backdoor. On AMD there's no equivalent for the PSP AFAIK. AIUI Purism ships Intel laptops with both ME disabled and Coreboot. As a child of two Italian immigrants, I can say that I am definitely not immune to the fattening effects of the typical western diet. There doesn't seem to be anything magical about my genetics, at least in that regard. > Maybe schools could be doing a better job teaching critical thinking? Critical thinkers don't make for easy consumers. I'm not under the impression that non-military research and academic computing facilities are particularly well secured. Decades ago I spent a bunch of time around fnal.gov with a buddy who worked there, and they were debating the requirement of every computer, including desktops, having a static, public IPv4 address. Nobody wanted to be behind a firewall in the name of open, collaborative research. > This seems completely, and sadly, reasonable. You probably couldn't design a situation in a lab that would screw over the poor more than COVID-19. I'm in a very low-income rural community. With most the folks living off food stamps already, their lives were relatively unaffected by COVID-19, it's not like they were working much anyways. If you wanted to maximally screw over the poor, you'd first get them all sitting pretty long enough to start making families while riding on a social system like food stamps, then yank it out from under them. This is something the current administration has been both working on and threatening, and that creates significantly more anxiety from what I've observed. > It works well, allowing separate boot images for each individual Pi on your network. Isn't that a natural capability with PXE implemented at the server keyed off the MAC address? There's also significant Russian space ship interiors shown in the 2001: A Space Odyssey sequel; 2010: The Year We Make Contact. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010:_The_Year_We_Make_Contact What's surprising is how often I encounter fellow Americans mistakenly asserting the first amendment extends beyond government and into the private sector. It's like they've never even been to a movie theater where they need to shut the hell up or leave. And here we have a US president signing an executive order in response to being moderated on a web site after years of arguably excessive tolerance of his b.s. I'm not sure how much more embarrassed I can get for my country. > I have no idea how the USA would react to something like that. We know how USA has reacted in the past; it carries on as if nothing happened. https://www.nytimes.com/2019/05/29/us/politics/immolation-wh... https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2019/apr/15/david-bu... I assume there are more examples, that's just first page picks from a cursory google search. My semi off-grid cabin has no well so I haul water. Showering is by far the biggest consumer, though I use a composting toilet so there's no flushing to compete with. Having to literally carry every gallon used has completely restructured my relationship with water. It feels very wrong to use a flush toilet now. What an obscene thing to do with potable water, especially in a drought-stricken place like California. I run noscript without any whitelist at all, and considering how popular noscript is I doubt I'm alone here. It makes the modern web so much more pleasant, paradoxically by breaking it, now that user-hostile machinations are the norm. And yes, gitlab's web interface is substantially more annoying than github, in my experience. ImageMagick's `convert` also supports stripping such metadata, the flag is -strip. I nearly always scale+compress photos that leave my possession, and usually using convert, so adding -strip is a nice streamlined way of doing all at once. Not OP but Chicago was built on marshland which I suspect plays a part. https://gizmodo.com/chicago-was-raised-more-than-4-feet-in-t... Tesla's marketing, particularly of autopilot, has been criminally misleading IMHO. The demonstration payload is the best part. There's a reason gpg supports --armor; print a backup copy of any important keys and stick it in a safe deposit box. > I know people who are skipping payments just to be in solidarity with people who can't pay. So they're donating what would have been spent on rent to an appropriate cause? Surely they're not keeping the money if it's just that. /s > These tenants are often not accepted by landlords because they're thought to cause more issues. You're ignoring the potential effects on property value. Influenza reproduces differently from SARS-CoV-2. I think the term is "recombinant virus" [0], making it mutate much more, it's like a regularly shape-shifting virus. From what I've read about SARS-CoV-2 it doesn't reproduce that way, it mutates relatively slowly in the usual random minor errors fashion. Because of the slow mutation rate of SARS-CoV-2, we're able to easily trace its spread across the globe by comparing genomes of collected samples. [1] This of course also bodes well for vaccination efforts, as well as developing robust herd immunity. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Recombinant_virus#Natural_reco... [1] https://www.nationalgeographic.com/science/2020/03/how-coron... It'd be neat if GM rebooted the Motorhome [0] as an EV, or maybe a plug-in hybrid. Hell even if they just took the original FWD ICE platform adding a skateboard full of batteries with RWD electric, cover the roof with solar panels, it'd make an interesting plug-in electric hybrid. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GMC_motorhome It's an additional revenue stream from parking spots and will likely stimulate more sales from the store during the wait. I fully expect the future to have charging stations pretty much everywhere there's parking, power, and demand. If gas stations are clogged up by EV charging, it won't be long before charging spots are popping up everywhere to capitalize on it. I don't get this comment, rust is a new language that isn't widely embraced by employers yet. How would rust have a significant number of users forced to use it? Maybe they should find a way to generate electricity from the bridge, it sees plenty of wind practically every single day for the same reason the SF bay is great for sailing. https://patents.google.com/patent/US9444372B2/en https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vortex_Bladeless It's a fairly conventional manned wheelbarrow, but with a sail to assist. In the case of the Chinese wheelbarrow, that is correct, but the sail is an improvement added later to the existing conventional design of the region and era which happened to use a central wheel. I'm no expert on international wheelbarrow histories, but assume that the term "sailbarrow" being so general applies to any wheelbarrow having a sail. The historic precedent of the Chinese incarnation is literally their conventional wheelbarrow with a sail added. I assume the same approach can be (and probably has been) used on any wheelbarrow in appropriate conditions. America has ADD. I can't count the number of times I've consumed raw USDA eggs in the form of uncooked chocolate chip cookie dough and cake batter throughout my childhood... I'm under the impression that not much confidence can be placed in the results of a single AB test. Well now that they've been severely defunded by the USA everything coming out of them is especially suspect as propaganda resulting from that leverage. The American president wants scapegoats for his failings, and despite completely ignoring the WHO recommendations at the start of the pandemic, he's turned the WHO into one. Every? B.S. On Jan. 30 the WHO declared a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. That announcement is a trigger for the agency’s member governments to follow its recommendations. These include establishing a comprehensive programme of testing, quarantining people suspected to be infected, and tracing their contacts. The US completely ignored it, while Germany, Signapore, South Korea, didn't. Nobody is claiming the WHO is perfect, but come on, this is such political hogwash. For me, part of the draining effect isn't just due to being an introvert... it's because I tend to engage far too willingly in what most would treat as shallow casual interactions. I tend to treat even strangers with too much respect to give them less than my full attention and thoughtful responses. That makes it a draining chore. Meanwhile coming up on a month of waiting for my ubports pinephone to arrive... Not even a shipping update yet. I purchased directly from their web store, not via a forum group buy or other means. They have my contact information, and I have not received a single peep to inform me on the status of my purchase. Just radio silence. If I'm expected to go root out some forum thread to monitor progress on things I purchase from the pine64 store, that's worth noting here to inform everyone's expectations. > Gotta wonder if the women thought that was progress, or not. It's not like women don't tend to love children... Certainly not today's women, that would get in the way of traveling and filling your instagram with selfies from exotic places. > This has more to do with far less sedentary lifestyles than sugar and processed food. A calorie is a calorie. This antiquated trope is like HSV; it just won't go away. Edit: To clarify; consider the effects of {hypo,hyper}thyroidism, which include weight-gain and weight-loss, respectively. Regardless of diet. Now consider the fact that what you eat affects how the endocrine system functions, similar to how thyroid disease wreaks havoc with it. That's just one example, and I'm no expert, but have read some books on the subject. Another I vaguely recall is the pituitary gland getting damaged or otherwise malfunctioning causing uncontrolled weight-gain regardless of diet. It's these edge cases of malfunctioning human bodies that helped illuminate how its energy storage is moderated with hormones. It didn't take much to confirm different foods trigger different hormone responses once scientists knew what hormones to look for. That's funny, an acquaintance of mine has been losing a bunch of weight with keto+intermittent fasting, and mentioned for some reason his libido goes through the roof in ketosis. It's impossible to measure how much impact just having Rob Pike and Google behind Go has had on its adoption. Those who want nothing have everything. They didn't give me a shipping update. They could post a shipping update on the wall of their local laundromat for all the good that did me when I'm not monitoring their message forums. If not for this thread, I'd still be operating in the dark having basically forgotten I even bought the thing. I appreciate your comment pointing me at the forum, pine64 should have emailed that link to everyone who ordered one in the affected time period. > Due to the laws of thermodynamics, people don't gain or lose weight "regardless of diet". Some medical conditions can reduce metabolic rate or increase hunger, but even so for every person there is a calorie intake threshold below which they will lose weight. No, AIUI there are metabolic syndromes where instead of losing weight, they'll just get sicker and die, even while gaining weight. My understanding, based on stuff I've read and talks by the likes of UCSF's Lustig on youtube, is that in some cases people can be effectively starving themselves to death internally while gaining weight eating a normal diet because most the energy consumed is being stored in fat. When you lower the caloric intake, they don't lose weight, they just keep getting sicker and can eventually die without the appropriate hormonal medication. If memory serves, one extreme example of this was a young girl with a small brain tumor whom after having it removed started putting on weight with nothing changed in her diet or lifestyle, no matter what they changed she wouldn't stop getting fatter - she just got weaker/sicker if they removed calories, while still getting fatter. They determined a region of her brain was damaged in the operation, IIRC it was the pituitary gland, and started medicating her with the necessary hormones to take its place and everything was back to normal. I'm pretty sure it was covered in one of the Lustig talks on youtube. These are really fascinating failure modes that illustrate how the body has complex control systems for energy storage and energy release. The orthogonal thing to appreciate is that what foods you consume influence these control systems without removing the relevant organs. We can look at the extremes of brain damage and organ removal to see how the hormones have the final say over where the energy goes for better or worse. The more complicated part is figuring out which foods have what effects. Currently fructose seems to be the primary concern. A calorie is definitely not a calorie; fructose calories appear to be toxic. Just watch a talk by Dr. Lustig, literally any talk will do. This one is pretty recent, and while it's more focused on linking sugar with cancer it still touches on the same general information: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpNU72dny2s My bandwidth is severely limited where I'm at, so I can't easily go digging through youtube videos to find the other I mentioned with the brain tumor patient. All of Lustig's talks have been insightful in the past however FWIW. I used to spend a lot of time on the commode or in the tub reading and thinking. Now I prefer to have more blood and air pumping for thinking, it's better. Discovering running and big DIY excavation projects I can do with just a shovel has been life-changing. Anything cardio that requires little thinking is wonderful, and it's such a great payoff for maintaining some level of fitness that forms a positive feedback loop. I'm disappointed nobody ever asked me to draw a bicycle from memory during a technical interview. That would be pretty fun. I get sea sick pretty badly and for a couple years went sailing regularly on the SF bay. Tried marijuana edibles multiple times, it only made the vomiting a more intense experience and going overboard more likely. It also made the sailing more error prone. Nothing seems to help me when I go sailing, nothing other than just doing it regularly and if I'm out on a multi-day sail I'll get my "sea legs" and it seems to stop. Only to return back on land where I'll be hallucinating waves with my eyes closed and feeling like interior spaces are rocking back and forth for days if not weeks. Is it just me, or is AI never capitalized in TFA? Every time I encountered the word while reading it was like a cache miss for my brain... Ah, yes, I am using noscript. That explains it, javascript is destroying the web. A bit disingenuous for the presenter to completely ignore the obvious vignetting of his dim projected image, the results seemed pretty mediocre from where I'm sitting. Kongregate's John Cooney did a flash games postmortem @ GDC which seems appropriate here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65crLKNQR0E And the fanboys are enthusiastically cheering his efforts to monopolize communications globally via Starlink. If we're going to be stuck with an overlord, he probably shouldn't be such a thin-skinned unscrupulous vindictive narcissist. Edit: Relevant article for the uninformed: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2019-03-13/when-elon... The pinephone like the librem5 has hardware kill switches so you can operate with the baseband off whenever you don't need the cellular network enough to justify the risks. Nonstandard anything is a nuisance for wear items on any equipment seeing many hours of duty. I don't know if the Librem5 goes beyond what the PinePhone is purported to do here: "The LTE modem on the PinePhone is a ‘black box’, and runs its own Linux system internally. This includes all the proprietary modules (blobs) needed to run the actual cellular radios. However, this system is almost entirely isolated from the main system running on the A64 SoC. The only data contacts between A64 and modem are USB connection for data and I2S connection for audio. All data going in or out of the modem must go over these connections. There is no RAM or flash storage shared between the systems. In short, unless you explicitly send data to the modem, it is never in contact with the blobs running inside it. The modem cannot send any data to the phone unless phone is willing to receive it (that’s the basics of USB)." [0] That's in addition to the kill switches. There might be other blobby aspects of the SoC/peripheral support story that the Librem5 gets better than the PinePhone, I haven't dug deep there. [0] https://www.pine64.org/2020/01/24/setting-the-record-straigh... Do you live somewhere flat or hilly/mountainous? Yeah, it's silly to compare. BEV charging infrastructure is trivially expanded and piggybacked on an already ubiquitous power grid. You still need big trucks constantly hauling liquid hydrogen around for the fuel cell option... It is pretty close to ideal. It doesn't even poison the groundwater when the pipes break. I wouldn't be surprised by a ~10% loss in range, which could be enough to make the EPA numbers look bogus to some drivers. Presumably there's also a subjective element, like if the driver tends to tailgate and brake late, which isn't exactly uncommon. You're not recovering any energy put into heating the brake rotors. There are also plenty of locales where you're repeatedly braking heavily for hairpin turns like winding roads on the side of a mountain. Teslas aren't exactly light vehicles... > so unless he tasted the crystals... It doesn't seem too far-fetched that he would do a licked finger dip taste test to help identify what he had found, nor does it seem too far-fetched that he wouldn't want to admit his curiosity. I would have assumed it were a bit of long lost cocaine, nobody expects to have much of a reaction from a little taste test. But LSD is pretty unique in that regard. Show me a position of authority/power that doesn't attract the least desirable kind of people you want in that position; those seeking to abuse it. At least in the USA we have the right to document these interactions with video footage. > I'd argue that artists lived as such because the large majority of them couldn't afford furniture. They couldn't afford furniture because they prioritized, in com2kid's words "shit to do, paintings to paint, music to write and practice." You're not arguing, you're agreeing. The early internet yes, the modern internet encompasses everyone and everything, it's a victim of its own success from the geek perspective. > but the hardware being used is far from that philosophy (Although Purism team seem to have taken great effort in choosing vendors). Far from that philosophy? How so? Unless we're talking about them not being entirely open hardware with downloadable KiCAD files for reproducing the devices ourselves, I don't get the impression they're significantly worse than your average Linux-supported laptop, outside the baseband. The Mnt Reform is the only machine on my radar that strives to be completely open, is the FairPhone on that level? https://www.pine64.org/2020/01/24/setting-the-record-straigh... > people who live in cities are people who want to live in cities, not people who need to live in cities I'm not under the impression that the droves of techies riding free company shuttle buses from SF to Silicon Valley want to live outside of the city. Maybe that's a uniquely SF thing, as I believe Silicon Valley still employs more tech people than SF, despite SF becoming a tech hub itself post-mobile. People don't live in downtown SF because they need to, they already live there because they want to. People tend to leave expensive cities to start families. > Maybe they really want to be with their extended family in a suburb of Cleveland. This especially made me laugh because the VP of Eng at one of my Silicon Valley startups was from Cleveland and would often joke "I escaped a prison sentence by leaving Cleveland" and "The place is so polluted the river caught on fire, TWICE!". I lived in San Mateo for a few years, right off 92 between 101 and 280 on the top of the hill. It was an ideal spot for 92/280 access. But while it was equidistant from everything of interest on a map, traffic was often so impossibly bad that everything was equally prohibitively inconvenient to reach. And forget about parking in SF after you've managed to get there, not on any busy night everyone else is out on too. If you want to access the SF night life regularly, San Mateo isn't really a convenient place for it. Maybe via Caltrain+BART@Millbrae? That wasn't easy from my place, our location was very car-optimized. I did prefer the San Mateo weather to SF or Berkeley though, even up on the hill we got way less cold damp crap weather ruining our nights out on the deck. According to the 2010 Census Cleveland lost 17.1% of its population at that time. Too many reasons to write here, I already said our location was very car-optimized which alone is enough for me. > - if you forget/can't prove you paid, $200+fine and interrogation This happened to me the first time I took BART to Millbrae from the Glen Park station. I did some transfer that I mistakenly thought was covered by my ticket but apparently wasn't. Was treated like a scumbag criminal by a BART cop on a power trip getting in my face and shoving me around, ended up with a stiff fine to boot. There's wasteful forms of friction at the road:tire interface when steering, look up slip angles. And there's always wasteful friction at the road:tire interface due to factors like toe and camber, even when going straight. The tire's not a perfect cylinder in isolation rolling perfectly straight down a perfectly flat surface, automobiles are not single-track vehicles. Since we're already in pedantic land, tires aren't spinning in a vacuum, there's friction between the spinning tires and the air around them. It's pretty bad, but SF vs. Man Jose there's no contest. Having spent quite a bit of time in the Santa Cruz mountains, Big Basin SP, Pescadero/Butano SP, and Portola Redwoods SP areas, the no mosquitoes thing is a bit optimistic. Sure it's not as bad as say, northern Minnesota, but once you get away from the ocean and desert areas, if there's standing freshwater around there can be plenty of mosquitoes. The last time I camped in Big Basin everyone was running through clouds of them to/from the restrooms. But yeah, in the cities like SF and LA, there aren't very many. The city would spray for mosquitoes at night when I lived in San Mateo, which surprised me coming from the midwest and not expecting Californians to be ok with such chemicals sprayed throughout their neighborhoods while they slept. > if you scp with an evil machine, bad things can happen. That's all. The problem is that remote hosts, even ones you think you control, should be assumed potentially evil (compromised). The limit certainly isn't here. There's zero reason for a file transfer utility to support running arbitrary commands on the local machine at the remote host's command. That capability shouldn't exist in the protocol, full stop. But since it does, if you're going to use scp regardless of what we know about it, there's clearly a broad spectrum of risk separating a random VPS in who knows what cloud running who knows what bits vs. the NAS machine in your closet that's only on a wired LAN behind a firewall running nothing that talks to the outside. Probably not the best choice to use scp to copy files to/from the former. Many fruits and vegetables have a waste component that nobody eats, but is necessary for the things to grow. Think banana/orange peels, carrot tops, or the vegetable placenta of a bell pepper. If you pay by unit weight for those things, and they're getting smaller, you're getting less of the edible component but still plenty of the wasted bits. You can think of it as relatively constant packaging overhead. I can't say I've noticed any of my organic produce getting smaller though. This isn't a remotely recent phenomena. Back in the 90s when I was studying computer graphics I checked out a textbook on statistics and data visualization from the local library. I don't remember the year it was published, but it was one of those old hardcover books with browning coarse paper pages and a dark linen lining on the exterior. It was full of real world, hand-drawn visualizations, and one of the economic examples plotted Hersheys chocolate bar size per year across over a decade, with some other economic factor, GDP or some such. The text went a bit off on a tangent describing how the price of the bar stayed relatively constant but its volume varied in lockstep with the economy. I doubt you could use the Hersheys bar today as an economic barometer since we have so much variety on the store shelves. Back then there was just one Hersheys bar... but they seem to have always manipulated its size over its price. It's the vulnerable populations that get taken advantage of the most. There's obviously huge opportunity potential in solving homelessness. But the money might have to come from the government. Private prisons don't seem to mind. Which is all fine and dandy, but an entirely moot point - that's a constant consolation prize largely independent of the size. We're not talking about fresh produce vs. other packaged foods, it's fresh produce vs. shrunken fresh produce. DOTT is particularly special for being a sequel to Maniac Mansion, a Gilbert game I had briefly played somewhere on the original NES. The entire Maniac Mansion game is also included in playable form within DOTT, on a virtual computer found within the game's environment. I remember first playing DOTT on the PC and discovering the embedded Maniac Mansion. Up until that point I hadn't realized I was playing a sequel to that NES game I'd long forgotten about. They're fun games, quirky with a great sense of humor and playful innocence about them. Surely you know the ability to identify an opportunity and the ability to capitalize on it are entirely orthogonal. The author, Ron Gilbert, did a great fireside chat style talk at Handmade Con 2015 where he discusses developing games at Lucas Arts, and his indie work in progress at the time, Thimbleweed Park. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cktmhqXMsGI It's just that the speed of light is too slow for any relatively recent signals to reach us from such distant sources. Most of what we can receive is very old news. nit: teeming > Nothing like having your pick of nice holes to plunder that's what she said > Edit: Actually there is software I have used from Intel that I have really enjoyed, the BIOS for the NUC. So I stand corrected. I am hugely appreciative of Intel's substantial contributions to the Linux kernel, which is obviously software. Being able to run Linux natively on modern Intel laptops with full 3D hardware acceleration, modesetting, and working suspend/resume using mainline drivers has been a game changer for decades. Without their stepping up and setting an example here, I doubt we'd have amdgpu today, desktop Linux use in general would be far less possible. > The numbers are supposed to be huge yet hospitals are nearly empty Oh? Our local hospital recently had to take overflow from a neighboring county. I was wondering the same thing having read on multiple occasions that the majority of Americans are prediabetic they just don't know it yet. Can't companies already be compelled to push updates to select devices adding a decrypted sidechannel to "e2e encrypted" apps, effectively providing a wiretap when a warrant is in hand? There's no need to weaken the encryption at all when end-users don't actually control the software they run day-to-day. Just replace the software while they're asleep. Now if only we could get the externalities of burning all that bunker fuel shipping the bauxite paid for up front... Lavabit shut its doors to not comply with such requests. Which would be great if co2 were all they emitted, burning bunker fuel is very dirty. Of all forms of emissions co2 is relatively harmless. He wrote Liberal Crime Squad [0] which is GPL. If LCS is any indication, the code in DF will be a horrible mess. [0] https://sourceforge.net/projects/lcsgame/ Back in the 90s we'd statically link the most frequently executed programs on busy servers for a significant performance boost. Dynamic linking is not a performance feature, it's a decoupling feature. > Running Gentoo and complaining about long compile times is like cutting off your leg and complaining that walking hurts. I fail to see the relevance of this comparison. It's more like wearing fitted clothing and (rationally) objecting to requiring a visit to your tailor every time you change your socks. Static linking has been such a nuisance for the libSDL folks that they implemented dynamic loading of itself [0], controlled via an environment variable, as an escape hatch from executables w/libSDL linked statically. It's understandable that games, especially proprietary ones, distribute statically-linked binaries ensuring any third-party dependencies will be present and be a compatible version. But the value of that decision tends to diminish with time, as those external dependencies are frequently the pieces interfacing with the system/outside world, which keeps changing, leaving such dependencies behind to atrophy at best or become vulnerable/incompatible/broken at worst. I don't personally think it makes sense to approach this so dogmatically. Static linking makes sense in the right circumstances, so does dynamic linking. For general-purpose operating systems, it seems obvious to me that you'd want most higher-order userspace programs dynamically linked. I want my openssl updates to touch a single library and affect all installed ssl-using programs, for example. Having said that, I do wish the average linux distro still statically linked everything in /bin and /sbin. It was nice to still be able to administrate the system even when the dynamic libraries were hosed. At some point it was changed to just a single static binary; sln for static ln IIRC, assuming you'd be able to fix your dynamic libraries with some symlinks if they were broken, if you happened to have a shell running and could navigate using just builtins. It was already an impossible situation, but even that seems to be gone nowadays. It's a more nuanced issue, taking an "everything dynamically linked!" or "everything statically linked!" approach strikes me as just another form of ignorant extremism. [0] http://hg.libsdl.org/SDL/file/2fabbbee604c/src/dynapi/SDL_dy... Apparently when you're accustomed to paying SF cost of living $1.14M loses its sting. /s They also pass Puffer Fish around as a form of social recreational drug use https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VE7ZCQzNiJU Also worth a watch/listen is the talk by Frederick Raynal at GDC about Alone in the Dark. He touches on converting Alpha Waves from Atari ST to PC: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2lgEyNaop4 If you haven't tried eliminating all stimulants like ADD meds and/or caffeine, they're obvious places to start. Finding specifically that between the lines says more about your biases than the hidden implications. You seem focused on defending the reputation of Apple when pointing out the interface as proprietary is as much about highlighting the fact that a driver exists for it despite being proprietary as it is about disparaging uncooperative hardware vendors. The entire tone of the article is basically "The Linux kernel is so amazing not only is it still maintaining support for ancient hardware, it's proprietary hardware (and what I read between the lines is likely reverse engineered by volunteers) as well!" I imagine you could just inflate the tires to the point of bulging at the treads to reduce the sidewall effects... Teaching people how to tie even simple knots is effective at distinguishing the visual from non-visual thinkers. It's one of the interesting aspects of going sailing. I'm probably conflating visual and spatial into one group here. This is like someone saying they've used a DSLR professionally for a decade and couldn't say what benefits they get out of it over a point and shoot because they've never done anything other than leave it in automatic mode. You owe it to yourself to explore and embrace the power of your tools as a professional. Vi(m) in particular requires a deliberate effort from the user to learn its features, because of how it stays out of the way by design. It's not trying to be discoverable at the expense of experienced users. Decades ago I tutored someone taking a C++ course who claimed to know vi and insisted on using it for the sessions. They knew how to use vi enough to be a notepad replacement, it was brutal to watch how much time they wasted neglecting to use any of vi's features at their fingertips. If you're navigating with a mouse or arrow keys, and treating vi as no more capable than notepad, you're not really using vi. There's too many little things to mention, they do all add up to be quite significant in the course of programming. Here's a tiny sample of some stuff I use constantly: Move cursor forward word at a time: w ignoring punctuation: W reverse: b B Move cursor to next occurrence of character Z: fZ reverse: FZ Delete forward to next occurrence of character Z: dfZ reverse: dFZ Change forward to next occurrence of character Z: cfZ reverse: cFZ (like delete but leaves in insert mode afterwards) Repeat latest edit from current cursor position: . A lot of the vi commands are composable, as illustrated to some extent above. To search for say the next line starting with void: /^void To delete from the current line up to the next line starting with void: d/^void Note the similarity to dfZ/fZ from above, it's not 100% consistent but most times you can take a chance composing things as you'd expect and things work correctly. There are far more sophisticated things too of course, but I'm not writing a vim tutorial in an HN comment. You can do things like rename a function while rearranging its arguments either file-wide, or on a number of lines, or on an interactively selected visual region, or a section selected similar to d/^void... I presume other editors have such capabilities, but I'm most familiar with vim. In vim the actual renaming and rearranging is done using a regular expression containing backreferences: s/old_func(\([^,]*\), \([^)]*\))/new_func(\2, \1)/ You may constrain that to a subset of lines a variety of ways, and on top of that can suffix a 'c' on the end of the substitution regexp to make it conditional and you'll get a chance to interactively yay/nay the substitution at every match in the considered lines. The conditional suffix is a godsend as it lets you be fast and sloppy with your regexps and just skip the false positives. > Honestly, I can do almost all of these things with any standard editor as well, with standard shortcuts. WTF is a standard editor and standard shortcuts? Would that be ISO or ANSI? My neighbor's home has been a full-time airbnb for four years, since the lockdowns started they moved back into it and have been living there since they couldn't rent it out. I had never even met them before covid. I'm certain covid has decimated airbnb income for many, and it must be part of what's driving down rent prices as these units come back on the long-term rental market. In the very comment you're replying to I already said "stuff I use constantly". Well that's a bummer. On a lighter elephants note, they're incredibly capable at painting: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLxO7MPUKH8 The handler is obviously present to manage the brushes, I presume the physical contact is more to do with signaling when to break for reloading/switching brushes. Do you really think the linked BBC clip would have been made if it were "puppeteering"? The whole premise was working with the elephant to explore its creative side. Did we read the same article? The cause isn't known yet. I'm not in favor of "shocking us into action" when we're not even informed of what it is we're acting on. Quick, act! Sign this petition banning dihydrogen monoxide! > Any action is better than diluting the discussion with irrelevant information At least you're aware enough of how embarrassingly dumb your comments are to use a throwaway account. They already did with SMS-based 2FA; give us your phone number for "security"! You actually believe using a virtualized system just for an SSH client is somehow preferable to a native application? In WSL2 isn't that a full-blown VM with another kernel and all? To run an SSH client? shakes head in disbelief The leaves don't contain detectable levels of safrole. [0] [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gumbo_fil%C3%A9#Health_concern... > It also never gets 'out of sync' like code comments tend to, as it's a comment on a static place in the code, not a dynamic one. That's simply not true, not in a git world where rebasing to rewrite history is standard practice. > My dad is not a gullible man. He grew up low-income at the border of Brooklyn and Queens, where street smarts were a survival mechanism. A 30-year career teaching high school students trained him to sniff out bullshit from a mile away. Your dad was not a gullible man. My dad was a very aggressive and assertive person throughout his life, didn't trust anyone, lived through some very hard times like post-war Italy where apparently even the feral cats vanished for lack of food. Then in retirement it's like everything experienced which conditioned him to be that way just faded away. His edge dulled substantially. The last time I traveled with him we were approached by someone on the streets of Palermo who was obviously (to me) sizing us up. Within minutes of talking with this total stranger my dad had revealed where both his money and passport were kept on his person. I had to abruptly intervene and remove us from the situation by insisting we enter the restaurant we happened to be passing. When I explained to him what had just transpired, he was in complete disbelief at how easily he had been tricked. The whole thing surprised me because my dad was the one objecting to our exploring the south of Italy the entire trip because of the crime and poverty! Even with him expecting we were going to have such problems he didn't catch it. A previous version of my father would have not only seen it coming, he likely would have escalated it with violence, he's a gruff old Italian sailor. This was like taking candy from a child. It's incredible how much people change in old age. It seems obviously wasteful to keep such businesses open where most the paying customers won't be showing up during a pandemic anyways. Why even pay to have the lights on? You need to mothball the operation ASAP and lobby for government assistance for the duration. I was just poking at rough figures last night out of curiosity regarding when the other end of this arrives in terms of 60% herd immunity for the US. Just pulling numbers out of my ass, like 200,000,000 for 60% and an avg infection rate of 100,000/day. With those figures it's 5.5yrs before 60% gets infected. We're at more like 50,000/day last I checked, but who knows how accurate that is. Either way, it looks like this is going to be a life of masks and social distancing for a long time. Hopefully a vaccine arrives in volume before 5+ years go by. Your comment is in direct contradiction with TFA, did you read it? Whenever I visit family in the midwest this phenomenon makes me twitch. It seems people out there have taken to using "exponentially" as a pseudo-scientific word meaning "a lot". i.e. "you're making my job exponentially more difficult" Edit: fixed typo :) There should at least be a setting akin to "show dead" that inhibits the censorship^Wdownvotes-coloring. > per passenger-mile, flying is much less polluting than driving a car, even after you account for the fact that pollution in the stratosphere is more damaging. If getting rid of air travel results in more people driving across the country, that makes the greenhouse worse. Flying enables burning more fuel to go farther in the same amount of time. Your comparison is simply bogus and structured to favor flying. In a world without flying, those travel miles don't get replaced by automobile miles. They simply don't occur for the most part. For such comparisons you should really hold the travel time constant, not the distance. Intel? Compiling large projects like the linux kernel is an obvious one. Kind of odd that they don't compare themselves to Blender and its successful foundation in the article, not even mentioned once. How did you disambiguate these claimed CoQ10 effects from the results of taping your mouth shut at night? "Not only did it fix my apnoea [sic] and huge lack of energy during the day" https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23432440 ... "I'm entirely healthy" ... ... "bad joints in my upper body" ... TIL, thanks, I didn't know that. "Those not comfortable with toxic language should pretend this is a religious text." I'll definitely be borrowing that at some point. In the video [0] it doesn't show combustion occurring on both sides of the pistons. [0] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26PjRQmIoeE I don't know about Redfield, but Fauci has gone on the record on this particular subject in his recent interviews. Surprised to not see any mention of avoiding heart-center containing boards. In my experience those are much more prone to warping, twisting, and splitting as they continue drying and acclimating to the destination environment. > Ego is important because it allows you to seriously attempt problems that many people would consider beyond them. This implies that a lack of ego will prevent you from attempting the same thing. One doesn't need ego to have a healthy awareness of how significant factors like self-discipline, timing, opportunity, privilege, access to resources, and myriad others can be when it comes to success. Decades ago I purchased a printed DIY fireworks guide from skylighter.com, it looks like they've since made a lot of that information freely available on their web site: https://www.skylighter.com/pages/free-homemade-fireworks-pro... Everything is coated with highly flammable powder, so they have no trouble igniting from the burst. It's a challenge actually to prevent everything from igniting prematurely. Especially with mortars, since they're propelled out of a tube with an explosion that can compromise the shell, igniting its contents immediately rather than up in the air as intended. If you've ever seen a public fireworks display where the stars exploded awkwardly close to the ground instead of way up with everything else, it's likely because the explosion for thrusting it into the air managed to ignite the contents instead of the delayed fuse. Is this not something you can just throw more hardware at? > Why do you think it increases user's privacy? I don't think Google uses analytics data for tracking the user. You've got to be kidding If you want to use rust, and can achieve fast enough performance by simply buying some newfangled threadripper machine with a boat load of ram, what difference does it make? The OP sounded like they wanted to use rust except for this one issue of compilation being too slow for their development style. How fast is fast enough and is that achievable just by throwing some money at the machine? Perfect is the enemy of good enough as they say. It's unlikely I'd ever share livestreams of my coding, but I do think there's value for any craftsman to watch recordings of their work. Programmers have it especially easy in this regard since it doesn't require any cameras/lighting/tripods/line of sight whatever. Just record your desktop for a day and watch it in down time. I think you'll be surprised to see what deficiencies stand out as an observer that you've probably come to just live with due to complacency/habit. It helps prioritize areas to improve, and you can do this iteratively. Still waiting for my UBports CE pinephone to arrive, which they sent a shipping update for weeks after I tried canceling my order which they completely ignored without any acknowledgement. Right now I am incredibly disappointed with pine64 in terms of their customer relations. > the Elon Musk-founded firm reportedly wouldn’t allow its customers to be surveyed in 15 of America’s 50 states If this is true, I don't care how reliable Tesla's are, I already know enough to never be a customer. Or the Nokia N9 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nokia_N9 > Same for sleeping, healthy eating habits or socializing. My health always deteriorates when I'm more social. Social activities rarely complement healthy sleeping and/or eating habits, in my experience. > now I'm switching from it to Librem 5 Do you actually have the Librem 5 yet? Based on the mediocre battery life I'm hearing about on the mntre reform 2, and the need for such a heat sink there, I'm very curious what the Librem 5 situation is. They share a common SoC. > The boy’s father said the hormone therapy has had a long-term effect on his son, who now scares easily and has become antisocial. “He’s like a different person. He just wants to be in his room, and he don’t come out for nothing, all day in his room,” the father said. “He was never like that.” How could one possibly discern this from the effects of going through juvie in general. I'd certainly feel betrayed by society, regardless of what meds I was given. Anybody know why YouTube doesn't plug the ad-bypassing loophole of fetching the content directly youtube-dl style? I presume this NewPipe client is doing something similar... > While it’s illegal here, the money will go to these cartels. Unfortunately legalizing doesn't end this, not when the legalized variants are so much more expensive. There will always be a lucrative black market to serve unless retail is both accessible and cost competitive for all consumers. What I've seen so far with legalized recreational weed in the states is it's incredibly expensive, heavily taxed, and there are tons of illegal marijuana grow operations - more than before because demand has increased thanks to legalizing. > .docx files don't have macros, only .docm files do. As if a filename extension means anything at all. My understanding is Feynman was a great explainer partially because he despised jargon and specialized terminology in general. It's no secret that small operators have lost out in the shift to legalization. You had to scale up or shut down. Unfortunately in my rural neighborhood, they've scaled up, and there are so many illegal grows it affects the area housing market. Are these running Tizen? Through the Gaia lens it's interesting to view the warming climate as Earth's fever to clear its human infection. nit: provenance Neil deGrasse Tyson pushed for this at WGS 2018, maybe they actually listened. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_m1mPtYzTk Banks I used back in the midwest growing up always had change machines and it was a routine to bring in our change whenever the container got full, they'd turn it into cash or deposit it free of charge. It seems way less common in CA, at least according to my experience. Wouldn't earlier plagues been in times of ubiquitous stay at home mothers as well? Surely a good chunk of kids just got home schooled. So instead you're effectively 100% guaranteeing you get a placebo? If you're down, do it, then get an antibody test after the fact. The midwest home I grew up in, constructed in the 70s, had multiple drains in the basement floor which was also where the laundry hookups, wash basin, water softener, HVAC w/humidifier and air cleaner etc. were located. It was nothing special for the area. Homes out on the west coast are constructed much less robustly from what I've seen. I presume the mild climate has a lot to do with it. The last thing I expected was EDF (Electric Ducted Fan) propulsion on something described as a jet. > In california reopening moved our daily death rate from ~60ppl per day to ~90 ~90 if you're using something like a seven day average. Today and yesterday have both been >150. There's a lot of latency separating actions like reopening and the consequences of that in terms of covid-19 deaths. It could be weeks-months before large numbers of people even start taking advantage of the reopening let alone getting infected as a consequence, then more weeks to die. A Scanner Darkly had a more apropos gestapo in unmarked van scurrying away a protester scene: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xz7591jlrL0&t=1m10s Since Machu Picchu has been at least partially restored up to an arbitrary level of "ruin-ness", I wonder how much of this impression is due to that vs. the original construction. I have the impression that the place has been optimizing for maximum tourism, not preservation, for some time now. Obviously there's a business incentive to maximize gatekeeping. Even if the gate's left wide open (for now), having control of a gate is of tremendous potential value. Just imagine how much more $$ one can elicit in an acquisition if potential buyers may add tolls to an already established and well-traveled gate. My understanding is that a major cause of America's burgeoning healthcare burden is the food environment. The argument I've heard smarter, better informed people than me make is: If healthcare were nationalized, it would incentivize the government to help fight the battle against itself in the context of unhealthy agricultural subsidies and policies. When the government subsidizes farming corn on a massive scale, and all these corn-derived products make people obese and give them diabetes, it becomes counter to the government's own goals if its charter includes providing affordable healthcare to all. If we don't stop subsidizing liquid sugar, it'll continue finding its way into everything possible. What kills me is people proposing taxing products w/added sugar... talk about the American way; spend people's tax dollars on subsidies producing the sugar, then tax them again for consuming the thing you made cheap with their taxes! smh Except measuring G-forces acting on a helmet doesn't directly relate to the forces acting on the head within it. The helmet is padded. Your head is in a suspension within the helmet, much like your brain is in a suspension within the skull. Your skull can accelerate at extremely high G's without harming the brain as long as it stays well within the modulus of the suspension. i.e. not for too long. The helmet adds another suspension on top of this. How is a collision not just another acceleration? Did you account for splits? According to [0] MSFT has split two for one on three occasions since 1997. [0] https://www.stocksplithistory.com/microsoft/ > By the time this is over savers will be completely destroyed. As a saver who owns his home outright, this statement cracks me up. My outlook on this situation is that I can weather the storm for years with zero income and stay in food and shelter throughout without government aid. The folks with little savings and high rent or expensive mortgages are who I'm concerned about. They seem far more likely to be "destroyed" in the coming months/years. Us savers can either sit pretty and watch the chaos, buy the dip and profit handsomely from the recovery, or go shopping for cheap homes. > the “folks with little savings and expensive mortgages” that you allude to actually come out on top. What good is an expensive mortgage when you can't pay it, lose your home, and now have bad credit preventing you from capitalizing on all the new opportunities created by all the foreclosures and vacant rentals? The savers have options . At any given moment a saver can decide to buy a pile of stock, or go get a mortgage. Why would we sit idly by while inflation gets so bad it no longer makes sense to hold cash? It doesn't happen overnight, there will be plenty of interesting opportunities in the mean time available to those with good credit and/or a pile of cash. > UCSF, the paper author, consider HFCS to be a poison and likely explains why there was no obesity in 60's photos I presume you're referring to Dr. Lustig of UCSF's research on sugar, or more specifically his position that fructose is a toxin akin to ethanol due to how similarly they're processed by the liver. If so, Dr. Lustig is careful to point out that this is not an HFCS-specific issue. Sugar and HFCS both contain fructose, and are essentially identical in this regard. This kind of misinformed demonizing of HFCS results in people thinking sweets are perfectly safe as long as they contain sugar and not HFCS, UCSF does not back such a position AFAIK. If you haven't seen/heard any of Lustig's talks on the subject, he makes a very compelling argument re: fructose being a toxin. They're readily available on youtube. Excess fructose consumption is implicated in causing non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, which affects about 20-25% of people in Europe, and 30-40% of adults in the US. [0] This statistic alone gives me cause for grave concern WRT covid-19 outcomes for those 30-40% of American adults should they get infected. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Non-alcoholic_fatty_liver_dise... I'm not missing that point, and actually agree with you re: HFCS replacing fat in processed foods. You're just being harmfully imprecise with your claim, because it implies non-HFCS sweeteners aren't poison - according to UCSF no less. The fructose is the poison, and it's not HFCS-specific. It happens that HFCS is the thing that's everywhere thanks to corn subsidies, sure, but there's still plenty of non-HFCS fructose sources on the shelves of stores that are equally harmful. You're not in the clear by specifically avoiding HFCS. I observe overweight strangers in the grocery store checkout isle extolling the virtues of eating sugar but not HFCS as they toss candy on the conveyor about once a month. It's rather depressing. Edit: BTW I suspect you're shadow-banned in case you didn't know, as your comments in this thread have been immediately [dead]. Looking at your general comments history there's a lot of [dead]. Presumably tourists breaking quarantine... Which months ago was something even Hawaii was doing to American tourists, so I don't think it's particularly interesting to note. I didn't watch the talk, maybe it's the same one, but I recall watching a talk about Tokomaks that said thanks to the development of high-temperature superconducting wire ITER is already an obsolete design. CA has plenty of people living in poverty $600/wk make a world of difference for. This brings back childhood memories of flipping through Service Merchandise [0] catalogs. Never heard of Argos, but it appears to be the same kind of thing. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Service_Merchandise It may make sense if you consider it more as a marketing hire. Such a person at least has potential for future interviews and talks one could leverage for increasing company visibility. As someone who has lived in several tourist-ridden parts of California, the idea of turning the airport itself into a tourist trap is very appealing. This is a very undesirable conflict of interests when you find yourself victim seeking damages. Your insurer should represent your best interests, not the healthcare provider's. I personally never choose KP when starting a new job if there's an alternative. You'll find yourself severely disadvantaged when the shit hits the fan under their care, speaking from experience. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tandy_Pocket_Computer Wake up whenever, exercise+stretch, wash up, do something productive while occasionally eating things until sleep time, exercise, wash up, sleep. Though lately there's been a lot of internet fuckery like HN interfering with the productive things.