Uh, I spend about 5% on rent, another 5-6% on drugs, and go out for food occasionally. No other expenses. I don't, um, save, though, so you might want to listen to someone else. "Source: EMC" (EMC sells "Big Data" storage.) s,JSON,BSON,g These logs are for machines, and should be compact -- why use JSON at all? All this method does is break the continuous [0,1) range into enough discrete buckets that each bucket contains at most two choices. Because the buckets are the same "probability-size" you can pick a bucket with O(1) and then do an O(1) comparison. Everything between "Loaded Die with a Fair Die" and "Vose's Alias Method" seems superfluous. Better than "how to XXX your start-up" and "business blah blah". So TRESOR needs to submit an acceptable patch to the nice kernel.org folks, and then it can ship as a distro default. One could imagine a "bzoncat" utility which simply reads bson objects on stdin and emits formatted json objects on stdout. I don't know, the difference probably doesn't matter. Server seems severely overloaded -- here's the latest archive.org mirror: http://web.archive.org/web/20101017092822/http://www.jamesmo... This is not relevant to fountain codes. This is like reading a newspaper article on computing ten years ago. The author is not a domain expert. I think depression is an issue among people in general. Perhaps people on HN are simply more willing to share with the (psuedonymous) internet at large? Yes. size_t is actually 32-bit on some 64-bit platforms; you want uint64_t. scp has some end-to-end latency for each file transferred. This means that for lots of small files, a single tar file stream is much quicker than 'scp -r'. Cool trick -- thanks! I'm curious what their performance numbers look like if they host the .git repo on tmpfs -- 15GB isn't unreasonable on a beefy (24-32GB of ram) machine. One of the biggest problems with this style of "scan all memory" GC is that you have to stop all threads (flush all pointers to memory) to perform a collection. Pointers held in registers in other active threads are inaccessible to the GC thread. Failing to stop the world (or ensure all pointers are in memory rather than registers) can result in live objects being collected. This happened to Ruby at one point: http://timetobleed.com/the-broken-promises-of-mrireeyarv/ Edit: This boils down to breaking the compiler's model of memory as specified by the C standard; all bets are off. Boehm controls malloc; it knows where the heap is. In general, yes, the more memory you have allocated, the slower BoehmGC will be. It checks both stack and heap. Typo: "This let's great dealers shine" -> "This lets great dealers shine" No. It's direct DMA from the hardware. Anyone who can backdoor a release on their FTP server can easily upload a new CHECKSUM file. Many users probably do not bother to check the hash. Even if you use public key crypto to sign the hash, users probably don't know your public key in advance. An attacker can sign their malicious hash with any valid public key they like. This article is almost as hilarious as the RIAA president's op-ed; unfortunately, this one doesn't reveal the author's name. I'm guessing you meant "sordid" history, as in: Sordid \Sor"did\, a. [L. sordidus, fr. sordere to be filthy or dirty; probably akin to E. swart: cf. F. sordide. See {Swart}, a.] 1. Filthy; foul; dirty. [Obs.] 2. Vile; base; gross; mean; as, vulgar, sordid mortals. (1913 Webster's) Try the LICENSE file or header comments in the sources. I would love to be able to use this at work (unfortunately, our lawyers take issue with GPL libraries…). I don't have a budget, and it's not worth enough to fight legal and/or someone with a budget for this. I don't mean to complain about the license — when I write open source code, I use the GPL too. That being said, I maintain a network file daemon for work and would be interested in using this library to simplify the code (assuming it benchmarks and tests OK). That's all. No. If you don't want to give ad money to the disgusting pile of slop that is phoronix, here are the relevant upstream mailing list links: "GCC 5?" http://gcc.gnu.org/ml/gcc/2012-03/msg00256.html "GCC 5 & modularity": http://gcc.gnu.org/ml/gcc/2012-03/msg00263.html They have a tendency to make stuff up. Among other things, they publish performance data which doesn't actually measure what they claim it does. "How not to write a HN headline" Yeah, someone is going to figure out how to give themselves 20000 billion by working around the hardware and Mintchip will die real quick. Last release was 13 months ago; if you follow the Ti calculator community ( http://www.ticalc.org/ ) you'll know this is fairly old news. Cool, I missed that. Yep. In my experience, banking and financial websites have much worse password policies than the web at large. E.g., fidelity.com has a maximum password length of 12 characters. USAA has a maximum password length of 12 characters. What the fuck. I've been experimenting with waking up at 5am to go running. So far, it's been great. I feel much more productive when I have some time to myself at work in the morning. The hardest thing is coping with friends whose schedules are offset so much from mine. For me, waking up this early means I need to go to bed around 8-9pm. So, I don't wake up this early every day. For those with trouble sleeping so early, I find melatonin useful for sleeping earlier. Lots of sources on wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mobile_phones_and_driving_safe... So, last time this was posted I commented that I was interested, but couldn't use this at work because of the GPL license. Since then I implemented my own M:N userspace:kernel threading library (which is what lthread boils down to) based on Russ Cox's BSD-licensed libtask. You know what I found? 1) Many libc routines require a surprisingly large amount of stack. 64kiB was the smallest power of 2 I could find where I wouldn't overflow the stack somewhere in a libc call. (This isn't a problem with stack-copying, but it is a problem if you have dedicated per-lthread stacks). 2) It was slow! Just dropping the M:N library and using blocking network I/O with 200+ kernel pthreads was vastly faster. 3) Many pthread-functions get very, very confused if they are used from different pthreads (same logical "lthread"). (This happens when a userspace scheduler swap happens between matching operations.) For example, pthread mutexes don't like to be locked in one pthread and unlocked in another pthread (same "lthread"). I ran into other things that match this category, but can't remember them off of the top of my head. I ended up scrapping it and just using a pool of kernel pthreads. It works, the code is pretty clear (blocking IO! whatever, man), and it's fast enough. Edit: By "fast enough", I mean "can fill 2x 1Gbit pipes from disk" (without any perf-focused work thus far). Cool! Thanks. Edit: looks like you missed COPYING; it's still GPLv2 (whereas LICENSE has BSD-looking text). A hacked up FreeBSD libc (we make a FreeBSD-derived operating system). Some of the authentication/credentials code, for example, creates a bunch of large stack frames. Since I can't edit this post anymore, here's the relevant code: https://github.com/cemeyer/taskmn (Buyer beware: this is basically a snapshot of it at the point we decided to drop it entirely; I poked it enough to get it to compile under GCC / linux, but haven't verified functionality at all.) More edits: 4) Re: Stack-copying; I found that without any attempt at optimizing memory use, my "light" threads were consuming on the order of ~600 bytes of stack (when de-scheduled); with a stack copying approach and a run-time stack of 128kiB, calling large-stack-using libc functions was fine. 5) Re: per-task dedicated stack memory; the default amount of memory allocated per-pthread on our platform is 128kiB, so 64kiB isn't great savings. I detected stack corruption at 32kiB and below by setting a canary value (at the top of the allocated stack) in the scheduler before running a ready "lthread." No problem :-). Re: "lower efficiency… is acceptable in such a use case": Maybe — it really depends on your use case. In the case you describe, sure. In my particular (specialized) case: 1) My clients are connected by 1Gb or 10Gb switched ethernet, and they are typically on firewalled local networks. I don't worry about trickle-style DoS attacks. (In other words: my threads are mostly-active, not mostly-dormant.) 2) My clients really only care about sustained streaming throughput. So, if they can max out the underlying disk with 20-30 simultaneous connections, they won't bother throwing 1000s of connections at my server. pthread-per-connection works great for this circumstance (with a pre-allocated thread pool). Use the right tool for the job ;-). According to SF, it was last updated in 2009 (is it actively developed?). I don't see much in the way of examples on the SF page, which is a bit off-putting. I guess I'm curious about the model it uses and how it performs, but my best guess is that it's not radically different from lthread or any other M:N userspace threading library. Do you know more? They're different beasts entirely. One key distinction is that GCD requires kernel support, while lthread and friends simply sit on top of any pthread-compatible system. As I understand it, GCD is based on an old systems idea (1991): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scheduler_activations It also has some auxiliary stuff (compiler-level support for C closures (Clang blocks), etc…) to "make threading easier," like you say. Or for that matter, WINE? The same way the underlying printf implementation does? This isn't wrapping printf(3), just the underlying write(2). Are you trying to ask if it catches, e.g., format string vulnerabilities? I think the answer to that is: Native Client's aim is to be a safe x86 VM, so — hopefully. But to me personally, it seems unlikely that they've thought of everything. I have. I've read both Paxos papers from the parent and grandparent comments. Comparatively, the linked article is succinct, well-written, and (relatively) easy to understand. Yes, I meant the topic article. I have some dog-eared printouts of "Paxos Made Simple" and "Paxos Made Live" lying on my floor. There are a few sentences every screen, and then scroll scroll scroll. It's like having a page full of banner ads… Tl;dr: Use HMAC for Hash-based Message Authentication Codes and hash functions for hash functions. Don't use them the other way around. PS, maybe more developers should take an intro course on crypto. Nope, you've got the two backwards. The same way as in this case… sex under false pretenses is not consensual; i.e., it is sexual assault / rape. An example of this might be pretending to be someone's wife to sleep with him. While this might appear consensual to you, this is sexual assault because the victim may have chosen not to consent if he had been given the truth at the time of the assault. I love the GCD api too, but I don't think the kernel support is there in linux. Someone has to fill the coffee ;-). Jokes aside, having someone else ask you questions about your software is a pretty good way to become familiar with it. I've read better articles on Unix. Just a few thoughts: 1) Software packages should probably install into /usr/local by default, not /usr as the author suggests. Distributions can always pass an option to install into /usr in their build scripts. In my experience as a distro packager, plenty of package-build/install systems install to /usr/local by default (autotools, python's disttools IIRC, etc). 2) FreeBSD (and likely other *BSD OS) ports install into /usr/local. So, if you're using the ports system for package management, you might still be screwed. (Of course, if you, as an admin, don't notice that you're installing over system packages, your system is going to end up hosed some day anyway.) At the end of the day, go ahead and use /usr/local. But be aware what your system does with it, and that other 3rd party packages may randomly scribble all over it as well. Trivial. See this "Readable C implementation of Keccak": http://www.mjos.fi/dist/readable_keccak.tgz 40ms extra latency on wifi is nothing compared to packet loss. Still, statistically unlikely ;) I don't have any sources to cite, obviously, but from what I know of it, quite a lot is grown locally (i.e., in Washington state). It's maybe less risky than moving it over the Canada-US border, and Washington has been fairly soft on marijuana users for a while (medical marijuana for two decades[0], lowest priority for the Seattle police department since 2003[1]). There have been ~illegal medical marijuana coops in Seattle for a long time now[2]. (IIRC, Washington's medical marijuana laws allowed patients to grow a few plants, but didn't allow for dispensaries[3]. Obviously federal law is different, which is what the DEA is acting on.) Those coops are largely stocked from locally grown plants. It wouldn't surprise me if some medical marijuana patients also sold into the grey/black market for some extra cash. [0]: http://apps.leg.wa.gov/rcw/default.aspx?cite=69.51a&full... [1]: http://clerk.ci.seattle.wa.us/~scripts/nph-brs.exe?d=CODE... [2]: http://slog.thestranger.com/slog/archives/2011/11/15/feds-ra... [3]: http://www.komonews.com/news/local/125532903.html Marijuana is sold by weight; this might have something to do with it. Producing high-quality consumable marijuana is a bunch of work. You have to be careful to separate the female plants, prune low THC content leaves and stems from the flowering buds, etc; the cartels don't seem to put this much work into the cannabis they grow. Cartel marijuana often has tons of leaves, stems, and seeds in it. It's earned the name "Mexican ditch weed." Right, it's likely they're already in those markets (harder drugs, etc) in some way and are saturated: they can't pump more money out of them. Taking away marijuana revenue takes away a fixed amount of their income. Actually, if either of these conditions are met, it's legal to grow in Washington: * Medical cannabis patient (limited to some small number of plants, like CO), or * State-licensed grower under I-502 This article misses a few points. I'm not going to cover all of them, but here's my pet issue: Yes, you can access existing Gmail accounts over Tor. But in my experience, it is damn hard to create them over the anonymizing network. Google wants a mobile phone number, which of course defeats the point. On the other hand, Hotmail had no such requirement last time I attempted this… Yeah, inconvenient security isn't useful. Atwood's an American. Writers will write what they know… they're hardly obligated to use an unfamiliar measurement system for your convenience. That and cost. No one is willing to pay for supersonic flight, and the sonic boom makes it obnoxious over land. You can absolutely page in data from Flash memory as needed, it's just non-trivial (and not handled by the "OS"). On devices with flash memory as an extension of RAM (TI 83+, 89, and 89 titanium), this could help for read-only level data that isn't needed all of the time. Edit: Of course, Joltima targets the TI-83 (different from the 83+), which doesn't have any flash memory. Bravo, Justin Karneges. (Neckbeards are a cost.) Exactly. I don't use chrome sync, never observed this crash. Okay, if your entire route is along the Burke, bicycling is great. But if you have to go anywhere in downtown, you chose between battling cars and riding the bus. (Disclosure: I biked SODO to and from Cap hill for a while. 4th Ave during rush hour is a nightmare =).) Next: Native Facebook for desktop! Can you expand on why the lack of personal income tax is a good thing? Instead, WA has roughly 10% sales tax which some would say disproportionately taxes the poor. "data = " + str(data), should probably be "data = " + repr(data), Outside of winter (November -> March) the rain is really light and doesn't interfere with wandering around outside. But I'm a Seattlite =). Sure, but what makes the whole "in a browser" genre interesting is that (usually) you don't need special dependencies to get started. If I need Silverlight and the whole .NET compiler, why not just tell me to download Visual F# Express Edition to get started? Because RAM is orders of magnitude more expensive than spinning rust, or even SSDs. Microkernels were an immensely popular idea in academia (Mach, Minix, …) when Hurd was begun; I don't think the fundamental problem with them — performance is horrible — had been made obvious yet. Microkernel design is probably a good idea, but the message passing overhead kills actual microkernel implementations. I've heard the Windows NT kernel described as being designed like a microkernel architecture (separate modules with clear APIs), but with direct function calls instead of message passing. I don't know if the Linux/BSD kernels are much different — I've poked at all three, and at a high level they look very similar. To quote that bastion of Jimmy Wales: "Although Mach is often mentioned as one of the earliest examples of a microkernel, not all versions of Mach are microkernels. The project at Carnegie Mellon ran from 1985 to 1994, ending in apparent failure with Mach 3.0, which was finally a true microkernel. Mach and its derivatives are in use in a number of commercial operating systems, … most notably Mac OS X using the XNU operating system kernel which incorporates an earlier (non-microkernel) Mach as a major component. Neither Mac OS X nor FreeBSD maintain the microkernel structure pioneered in Mach."[0] [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mach_(kernel) No. It seems like a trade-off: obvious control flow and some extra `if intermediate_result is None: return BogusValue` error checks are replaced by non-obvious control flow. Is the only value that you save a few lines of error-checking? It just doesn't seem worth it to me. The messages are stored for two days. Backups for 90… And: writing to (spinning) disk takes on the order of milliseconds. 20 seconds of RAM storage time (versus milliseconds) means several orders of magnitude larger working set size, which may well be larger than you can afford… Anonymous HN readers, why the downvotes? I feel like Mach's wikipedia page succinctly answers the parent's question and gives some interesting background. Am I crazy? > I think your (sic) arguing against abstractions in general No. > We replaced a manual, verbose and error-prone pattern with a standardized abstraction Alternatively, we replaced some easy to follow procedural code with a manual, verbose, and error-prone abstraction. I have no idea what is going on with the author's decorated classes, generators, etc. How do you create a new monad pattern and debug it? All code is imperfect; it feels like we're just shifting some of the logic around to a different place. > since most abstractions we care about obscure control flow - whether functions, loops or monadic bind This is apples and oranges. Functions and loops are straight-forward, monadic bind (in this framework) involves indirecting through a bunch of complicated Python magic. > I don't write my own stack push/enter/pop to call functions, and nor should I have to write out all the other boilerplate control flow patterns I use, when it can be simply programmed into a monad, and left to the compiler. It sounds like an arguments from the exceptions camp — "everything would be so much better if we didn't have to check error returns from every subroutine!" But like exceptions over error codes, I think introducing monads is inventing a bigger problem to solve a comparatively small problem. Just my 2¢. Tl;dr: Revoking a user's access to "Dropbox for Teams" kills their entire account, including content created / accesses granted before joining the team. I think that part of this is that most of the lower 48 US states (24-47° North) are closer to the equator than most of England (50-54° North). 95°F isn't an extremely hot day. We get 95°F days in the summer in Seattle, the city of perma-drizzle (47° North). From personal experience, most houses in this area don't have air conditioning. In the South, people regularly see much hotter days (I think Arizona (33°N) tops 110°F / 43°C during the summer). Also, traditional grep can easily find 'silver needle': `grep silver\ needle haystack`. However, it is perfectly possible in Linux to turn overcommit off. So you still need to check (or segfault…). Looking at the heart rate charts on the front page, it seems that the rates during meditation are actually much higher on average (eyeballed at 92 bpm) than the rates while surfing the internet (eyeballed average of 75 bpm) (and while the meditation rates have a lower variance, their mean seems to be in about the same range as the absolute highest heart rates while surfing the web). As someone who knows nothing about meditation (but obviously I have some background assumptions), this is surprising to me. I would expect meditation to be relaxing, and I would expect to see lower, i.e., closer to resting heart rates ( In general, the interview questions I've gotten are designed to test general CS knowledge and the ability to translate an algorithm into code. This is important, and as an interviewer myself, a lot of candidates fail at the translating to code step. Design questions are (at a high level) maybe even closer to "how would you do your job?" than coding questions. I have yet to see a company ask for specific experience with VB.net 2012 edition and exclude candidates like myself who are only familiar with C/Python/Java. If they do, I'd recommend straight out lying (for languages). You can pick languages up really quickly. For platforms, maybe you really should know it and it is actually relevant to your potential job. If the job you are applying for is to work on a rails site or develop a mobile app, I would argue that it is pretty important that you are already familiar with those technologies (and their pitfalls)… I wouldn't exclude someone unfamiliar with a specific framework, but as an employer you understand that ramping them up to speed is going to take a significant amount of time. Fwiw, CascadeLink is a high-speed apartment building ISP in the Seattle area (or at least, I that's why I recognize the name). Some of my friends get 30/30 for $40/mo. You would have to, wouldn't you? It's Oracle... But both clients still need to be able to decrypt it with their separate keys... even if the cleartext hash matches, the stored data is ciphertext and can only be encrypted with one user's key. True. But -1*INT_MIN is still 1 greater than INT_MAX in two's complement ... so that's signed overflow and thus undefined behavior in C. Assuming x86 signed overflow behavior, you're just back to INT_MIN again? Or am I crazy? Sorry, the use of the nym INT_MIN suggested to me that the implementation under the covers was C. It looks like it was once an interpreter, but is now compiled down to CLR and run with Mono. But, how does the second user to upload the same file know the file's encryption key (since presumably the server only knows ENCRYPT(FILE_KEY with USER1_KEY))? It seems like either the server must know the file's encryption key, or the key must be derivable from the contents... which is no good. Wolves and dogs can't do this over nearly the same distance humans can — they shed body heat through panting and can only keep up a run for 3-6 miles[0]. Humans can run marathons. [0]: I don't remember my source for this, sorry. But this is interesting for similar reasons: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Man_versus_Horse_Marathon Edit: I should say, wolves/dogs can run for long distances too, at a slower gait. But they can only out-pace human marathon-distance runners for a few miles before overheating. Edit 2: Found a source[1]: "Dogs can gallop for only about 10 to 15 minutes before reverting to a trot, and so their distance-running speed tops out at about 3.8 meters per second." As commenters below have pointed out, yes, if it's cold enough, this doesn't matter ;-). [1]: http://www.slate.com/articles/sports/sports_nut/2012/06/long... Tl;dr: Use int i = round(f); instead of: int i = (int)f; Good point! Also, humans do not run very well in snow (bipeds, too much weight per surface area, too high center of gravity and stride length...). Rock on, Microsoft — this is great news for Windows developers. As much as the open source community (of which I am a part) loves to rag on Microsoft, they seem to have recognized the threat of platforms moving off of Windows (Steam, iPads, Android, ...) and are taking reasonable steps to encourage development for Windows (make the developer experience better). This — a reasonable response to a potential threat — is a huge step for Microsoft. Kudos, VS team. Fwiw, my employer (large East coast USA software firm) also MITMs Github (and the rest of HTTPS, excluding a small whitelist). Their MITM software doesn't even bother to validate the certificates on their side of things, where it is possible. It is … not very awesome. > "No browser would prevent the authorities from using their ultimate tool though: certificates signed by the China Internet Network Information Center. CNNIC is controlled by the government through the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. They are recognized by all major browsers as a trusted Certificate Authority. If they sign a fake certificate used in a man-in-the-middle attack, no browser will warn of any usual activity." That is the important part. I am surprised China isn't doing this already. Maybe they are doing so, but only for targeted attacks. The CA community really shouldn't grant China any CA authority whatsoever... OP here. Actually, their logic is that this way they can scan files for viruses (not kidding). (E.g., from gmail attachments.) No, they MITM google as well as everyone else. The whitelist includes yelp, for some reason... not really sure what else. I definitely do not add their MITM CA as a trusted root in my browser... I don't want my corp firewall spying on net traffic, so I don't add them to the trusted CAs DB. It would be slightly more palatable if the firewall did cert validation on the other side of things… but they don't. Specifically, I am imagining attacks against political dissidents inside China. Sure, technology savvy folks like us can just un-trust the CNNIC CA. But your average person doesn't know enough to do so. You or I can, sure. But most people don't know how to. And even I use chrome on many machines… should I have to remember to un-trust CNNIC on every single browser I use? Maybe your older relatives were already familiar with computers, but, anecdotally, watching my parents, aunts, and grandparents attempt to drive multiple layers of menus … I do not think they could figure out how to un-trust CNNIC (and they wouldn't understand what the impact was, anyway…). Yes, getting around it is easy. It's just obnoxious, and adds latency, and application support for SOCKS is shitty, and … I guess I could set up OpenVPN on a VPS or something. Obligatory plug of Bootleggers and Baptists: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bootleggers_and_Baptists I sold at $17 and don't regret it (bought at $14-15 earlier that week). But my typical use is of bitcoin is a as barter currency (where the other party only cares about dollar value), I'm no speculator. Oh, for me it was more like 2-3 BTC. So not a big risk to me either way ;-). Not OP, but I'll fill in the blanks for you: (1) Bubble: http://www.economist.com/blogs/babbage/2011/10/virtual-curre... (2) Fraud and Robberies: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin#Theft_and_fraud (3) Money laundering: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silk_Road_(anonymous_marketpla... , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin#Taxation (4) Gambling: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin#Gambling (5) Ponzi Scheme: See "Bitcoin Savings and Trust" in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin#Theft_and_fraud Almost all of that was found in the Wikipedia article for Bitcoin (with citations). Please don't be too lazy to do your own research… Ruby follows this same model. See the macro FIXNUM_P()[0] and FIXNUM_FLAG[1]. Edit: Every ruby value is either an fixnum (invalid pointer marked with FIXNUM_FLAG), a pointer to a real ruby value, or possibly an invalid, sentinel pointer. The comment block starting at [2] is informative. [0]: https://github.com/ruby/ruby/blob/cbd1f2571af6bf93d5c4d4c25b... [1]: https://github.com/ruby/ruby/blob/cbd1f2571af6bf93d5c4d4c25b... Edit: It is assumed that pointers will be at least 16-bit aligned and thus, an odd-value pointer is never valid. So they can safely re-use half of the value space for integer values. So, you get fast integer arithmetic, but you don't get the fast floating point math like you do with NaN-boxing. [2]: https://github.com/ruby/ruby/blob/cbd1f2571af6bf93d5c4d4c25b... Edit-period has expired, so I'm replying to myself. The sentinel pointers work like this: the zero page is assumed to never point to a valid Ruby object (NULL through NULL+PAGE_SIZE-1), so they just use some otherwise "pointer" shaped numbers in that range as special values (nil, true, false). The reason WINE works is that it essentially runs x86 programs as-is and provides the needed linkage (shared libraries) used by the Windows programs. (Windows syscalls are usually issued through an intermediary shared library, so WINE can trap them there.) Much of this work is re-implementing the various libraries; bugs in WINE can usually be attributed to missing functionality (incomplete or stubbed functions) or bugs in the WINE implementation. Running an x86 program directly on ARM is … impossible. So maybe WINE on ARM can serve to run WinRT applications… but none of the existing x86 Windows applications can run without x86 emulation, which would be absurdly slow on Android devices. Edit: Another commenter says that the project wiki suggests using qemu to run the x86 code on ARM, and then trap calls into native (ARM) WINE libraries. This approach seems unlikely to yield good performance. I am concerned that different C and C++ calling conventions means some additional work will have to be done to cleanup function arguments at every call, which is just more overhead on top of x86 emulation… Sure, but then it's just normal WINE. Not WINE on ARM, which is suggested by the article =). Good question. I am not actually familiar with the specifics of WinRT; I haven't touched Windows regularly since the early 2000s. > So this b-tree implementation must be tailored to cache-line size, and it may performs badly on some CPUs. Um, no, Btrees are always going to win here as long as key size is relatively small compared to the number of items in the structure. Btrees, for small keyed associations, have a much better "branching factor per cache line." This means that fewer cache misses are needed to find relevant items (insert, delete, read, …), because the trees are shallower, and the cost of a cache miss on a btree node isn't much more expensive than an R-B node. Benchmark everything and tune your B-Tree container size appropriately, definitely. You could even instantiate the template with multiple different sizes at compile time and benchmark them at run-time, then elect the most efficient implementation for the hardware currently being used. I agree with everything you have said. I would just add that I think many of the most useful (and widely used) Windows applications do do heavy lifting in native code — Word, Excel, and Photoshop are all good examples here. They aren't explicitly number-crunching like BTC mining or SETI@Home, but there is a lot of x86 code running under the hood. Multicast on the internet is a nice dream. Will it actually happen with IPv6? My understanding is there is a barrier to adoption ­— basically all routers involved need to be aware of the multicast initiation/join/leave protocol, and basically, there's a bunch of old hardware/software out there that isn't aware. Is all IPv6-capable hardware capable of this (given that IPv6 came out in ... 1998)? At my employer, we use Outlook for mail and calendaring. Currently I have to remote desktop into a server to use Outlook or run a Windows VM on my Linux workstation. If MS releases this, my company can simply license Office for Linux and we can access it "natively" (modulo it'll be a closed-source binary). There is a market for this, if small. On the other hand, I'm terrified ;-). Quoth oliland: > When I was younger I went out of my way to get a V6 address just to watch it in color ;) Note the semi-colon ;-). Sure, but a reboot would be obvious, and writing to a partition while the OS has it mounted seems like it could go quite poorly... Cool, I learned something. I guess the boot partition is likely to be inactive, and with a ffs-derived file system you can simply overwrite some file in place with your own functionality. E.g., replace some unused driver code with your rootkit, which loads itself on probe. HPMOR can tend more towards fiction and less of this rationality stuff, but that's why it is a fun read. I like 'ctags' for the editor integration (vim) -- never got a handle on cscope's interface. > The speed limit is 55 mph on most highways Really? In this part of the country (pacific northwest) the speed limit on interstates is 60 mph in the city and 70 mph in the country. As minimaxir says, this is the weekends. Amazon.com gets big traffic spikes during the typical work week, I suspect HN's traffic spikes are the same effect =). While your satire is super clever, I think it is misdirected. OP is talking about the coordinated country-wide crackdown [0] on OWS (likely coordinated to kill media interest), not about the OWS folks themselves. The FBI coordinated take-down plans with local police, DHS, and big banks. That much seems pretty clear. [0]: http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2012/dec/29/fbi-coor... Zed Shaw benchmarked epoll vs poll a while back[0]. It looks like it really depends on the proportion of "active" clients to the total number. I would expect similar results for kqueue vs select (and as you point out, kqueue was horribly broken in OS X for a while). [0]: http://web.archive.org/web/20120225022154/http://sheddingbik... Just curious, how does ASLR make debugging painful for you? I don't know about these claims — just because most OS research is now 20+ years old doesn't mean that a result, process isolation, is antiquated. You likely use a very modern operating system with process time-sharing (1964) using virtual memory (1950s/1960s) and so many other results of OS research from 30+ years ago… This is how science works: research suggests some result; until other research suggests a different result, the first result is our best working hypothesis. Process isolation is hardly antiquated. I haven't tried it yet myself, but supposedly GDB has supported reversible debugging since 2009[0] — any experience with that? Limitations? [0]: https://www.gnu.org/software/gdb/news/reversible.html So ... are there actual pay numbers? I don't see anything specific in the article. I also can't find Valve on glassdoor.com, although that might be a failure on my part. I've heard that the gaming industry underpays compared with other software industries, but the Valve handbook seems to claim that the pay is better than Google, Microsoft, etc. Anyone have information either way? Sorry, maybe this is obvious, but — how do you fill up a remote HD with just an IP and hostname with nmap and friends? Really? After some quick digging, nope. Tl;dr: Not by default, and only on Linux, and only with btrfs (still marked experimental) and only with the `--reflink` flag. FreeBSD `cp(1)`: `copy_file()` does a simple `read()`/`write()` loop with a buffer[0] (despite ZFS maybe supporting CoW). GNU coreutils `cp(1)`: `copy_reg()` calls out to `clone_file()` if and only if `--reflink` was passed[1], and `clone_file()` fails on everything but btrfs[2]. [0]: FreeBSD `copy_file()`: https://github.com/freebsd/freebsd/blob/master/bin/cp/utils.... [1]: coreutils `copy_reg()`: http://git.savannah.gnu.org/gitweb/?p=coreutils.git;a=blob;f... [2]: coreutils `clone_file()`: http://git.savannah.gnu.org/gitweb/?p=coreutils.git;a=blob;f... Ugh, this is my second least favorite "feature" of zsh. (First is "are you sure you want to delete all of the files in this directory?") And yet, at the end of the day, he has $200-300 million. I don't feel too bad for the guy. It's on by default, so you have to disable it every time you set up zsh on a new machine. Yes, it's not a big deal. I just find it annoying. Political reform sounds nice. I don't have too much to say about that; I mostly wanted to voice disagreement with your tangent: De-federalizing destroys a lot of the political and economic clout that the US can hold over other, smaller countries. This is to the advantage of all the states; I don't think any state seriously wants to secede from union and lose the benefits the federal government entails. No one is forcing the states to "hold the union together" against their will. Other benefits of a federal government: shared currency and unified economic zone makes for more efficient interstate trade (see: Germany); shared federal agencies make for more efficient shared resources vs every state doing its own thing; etc. And more specifically, re your statement "I am not sure why people in California have to live under the same rules as someone in Georgia:" they really don't. States write their own laws (in addition to federally-imposed laws for all states). Example of the day, some states have laws legalizing marriage between same-sex couples, other states have laws explicitly forbidding marriage between same-sex couples. I do not disagree with anything you are saying. My language could have been more clear — I did not mean 'moving from the federal system (divided powers, central government) to one with less state powers,' but rather TruthElixirX's idea of moving from the federal system to separate states with no central government. > > De-federalizing destroys a lot of the political and economic clout that the US can hold over other, smaller countries. > Yeah. I want that. The U.S. fucks around with other countries too much. Iran, all of South America, Asia, etc. It is not just clout, it is direct military and economic warfare to bend countries to the will of the federal government and Pentagon. That's fine. And I, too, disapprove of many of the US' actions in South America, Iran, Asia, etc. But do keep in mind the economic and quality of life consequences (for US citizens) of losing that clout, and realize that not everyone agrees with you that trading clout for good will is worth it. > You are quite wrong, "They enshrined in that document the right to change our national government through the power of the ballot -- a right that generations of Americans have fought to secure for all. But they did not provide a right to walk away from it."[1], also the Civil War moved the Union from a voluntary organization of the states to mandatory. If you think I am wrong, I do not think you understand my position. I agree, the threat of federal coercion exists. But it is not actually being exercised. The elected leaders of Louisiana, etc, do not actually want Louisiana, etc, to secede. That is why I think federal coercion is not (at present) an actual barrier to secession — I think the loss of federal benefits and subsequent trade/political disadvantage with the remainder of the US is a much greater factor. Louisiana and Georgia, etc's, politicians, business leaders, etc, realize this, which is why the only place such a statement can get any traction is on the internet where every uneducated asshole can voice their opinion. (And trolls who are fine with LA and GA being shitholes can jump in on it too.) While true, I'd like to note that the article's author does have OOB access. > Checking blocks should theoretically possible using HTTP transfers with byte ranges, if you have a separate index file with checksums for each block. That way you get failure recovery but serve your content from Really Efficient Webservers like nginx or Amazon S3. Anyone know of any projects that do this? Sure, one example is bittorrent (WebSeeding), among others[0]. Turns out bittorrent is a pretty good format for describing chunks of a file (full SHA1 per chunk, variable sized, if you care), and any httpd with byte-range support can fetch arbitrary bittorrent chunks of files. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BitTorrent#Web_seeding Might not have very good data from self-reporting, especially in the workplace. And what solution are you peddling? I don't think GP could do much better than aspirin. People get headaches out of the blue, not just from avoidable causes (hangover, ...). Good point, sir =). I approve, but a 3-week vacation is not nearly as accessible as aspirin (e.g., at my work I get three weeks of paid vacation time per year). I think the 5.8 billion may include late-payment surcharges, given that this happened in 2002 (11 years is a lot of interest). Mirror, anyone? I can't get to it on Comcast. NoSQL YesACID LBJ IRT USA LSD LSD LBJ FBI CIA LSD LBJ… > Haha. I'm afraid to look like I'm asking for my own > recreational purposes, but what doses would that be? GP here (separate work/home accounts). Anecdotally, I get a mild high from 10 mg of dextroamphetamine or adderall, and have experimentally taken as much as 30 mg. But I have zero tolerance; I've taken amphetamines less than ten times in my life. > Again, this is anecdotal and doesn't prove anything, > but when I've taken too much Adderall at once I haven't > found it very pleasant at all. It wasn't fun and nothing > about those dosages made me want to repeat the > experience, much less experiment with even higher > dosages. > (For me, "too much" would be taking 15mg in a single > dose. I know that's not a huge amount in the scheme of > things.) Yeah, at 20-30 mg there are definitely negative side effects; I wouldn't want to do anything social, like the article's author describes, at those doses. > > I agree that typical meth use is > > very different from typical medical adderall use. > > I don't mean this rhetorically at all... what do you > feel is the reason (or reasons) for this? I think they are introduced to people differently, on average. I think adderall is primarily introduced to people as medicine by some authority figure the person respects (doctor), and they're likely to stick to their prescribed doses. Vs, I think meth is more frequently introduced as a fun energy drug (or advertised as MDMA), with vague dosages, unknown quality and purity, etc. Maybe meth users titrate until they feel good, which means escalating dosages quickly due to tolerance. (I can't speak from personal experience here.) I think some minority of both adderall and meth users (ab)use the stimulants to try and overcome drowsiness and focus more on their work, like some college students (including article author). I think a fair number of people do this without any bad outcomes (myself included). But a fair number also escalate in response to tolerance, and this kind of use is problematic. Maybe awareness of tolerance, neurobiology, etc, would help? I read a lot of erowid before I ever consumed any drugs, but I also have pretty strong self-control, so I don't know that it would work for everyone. Anecdotally, I don't even try to use amphetamines for productivity anymore because they don't clear from my system fast enough to avoid interfering with my sleep. I'm more productive for one day (if that), but less productive over a two-day period. moxie, I'm curious how the "short authentication string" prevents MITM attacks — can you shed some light on this or point me to existing documentation? Thanks! """ Overall code quality: Who knows Should I use this to fight my oppressive regime? Yes -- if your fight consists of sending dirty self-portraits to your fellow comrades-at-arms. Otherwise, probably not. """ Am I missing something? Does this assume that the voice channel can't be doctored? But couldn't a MITM attacker do just that — compute the "correct" fingerprint and speak it to the recipient? True. Is he suggesting that the closed-source implementation-unknown app is better that the others, somewhere? Or is the problem that he is failing to condemn it as any worse than the others? Okay, cool. It sounds like this sort of attack is very difficult for now — but I would rather be aware of it than not. It sounds like RedPhone doesn't actually save the keys yet — it's a work-in-progress. But that makes lots of sense. A friend of mine uses it to send money to family in Russia as well. Lower overhead than Western Union, wire transfer, etc, for small sums of money. "Just" error handling? That's the hard part! For the curious / lazy with youtube-dl, the video id is "Syo5sI-iOgY". > Most apps have error handling code taking up what? 20-30% of the code at the most? For some reason I imagine this stuff being almost 70% error handling but I am not sure if that is realistic. I work in a FreeBSD-derived kernel in areas related to the buf / caching subsystem, which probably has a lot of similarities to pre-2.6 linux (they have diverged more since the 90s). I don't know that I can quantify it, but 20-30% feels like a low number. > So, assuming there are shed loads of error handling that knocks on to everything else about the system. How do they test it? One thing we use to test error-case handling is "fail points" — sysctls usable from unit tests that trigger some fault condition. These aren't perfect — they are manually added to code, and because of this, coverage is fairly low — but they're a start. > How do they spec out all the possible conditions? What do they do differently to someone writing a SaaS, Desktop app or IOS app? Good questions :-). How many people make (And re: "default", I've looked and looked, and can't find such a thing. How do you determine a "default" withholding from a W-4 other than just taking your expected income tax for the year and dividing by pay days? If you do that, you shouldn't have a $10,000 refund...) For what it's worth, in 2012 I made less than $100,000 in AGI, withheld the W-4 default for my filing status (Single, Independent), and my refund was $650. More or less right on the mark. Edit: Aha! Found it[0]. $100k biweekly is $1923/week of gross pay; let's ignore medicare and social security, etc. For Single/HoH, that's $344.20 + 28% of 1923-1732 = $397.68 weekly or $20679.36 / year[1]. Since our expected total tax is $18,500, we get back $2,100 in refund. Big-ish, but not $10,000. And only 2% of $100k. [0]: http://smallbusiness.chron.com/calculate-employer-federal-wi... [1]: page 44 of http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p15.pdf Well, C will be faster anyways... and the JVM is probably faster than v8 more times than not. The network stuff is, yeah. But presumably you want your minecraft world to be durable, which means hitting disk. And you don't want your network stuff blocked behind that. "NetBSD turns 20, still lives with parents." Anyone else get: """Error: Server Error The server encountered an error and could not complete your request. If the problem persists, please report your problem and mention this error message and the query that caused it.""" When attempting to identify using a Google account? Assuming you care about the distinction between null and no such key (for many applications you can avoid storing null, IMO), you can actually perform the containsKey() after the get() for only keys which get() returns null. I think that see all of the perf overhead of a single lookup if most values are non-null. Hm, in our kernel, when we need to do floating point, we just set a flag on the thread control block which preserves the floating registers on context switch, and then do our floating point operations. Maybe there is some API abstraction hiding the messy details :). They tend to pick an asset allocation and stick to it (plus some automated whizz-bang stuff like rebalancing or tax-loss harvesting). Once picked, the asset allocation is a bunch of index funds. In general index funds are very good at tracking their benchmark indices. So it's mostly a question of, do they do a good job of picking asset allocation from the start? The robo advisors charge an extra 0.3-0.4% on top of Vanguard's expense ratios. So at the very least, from a cost perspective, they're more expensive than just using Vanguard. (Side note: The target date funds have slightly higher expense ratios than just rolling your own with the same underlying funds and "Admiral" share classes.) The question is, what is the value you're getting out of Betterment/Wealthfront? I don't recall where, but I've seen one or the other say that its estimated value-add was 0.7-1%. So less their fees, that's net positive (if you trust that). Automated tax-loss harvesting is a big deal for workers. It saves you a little income tax at your marginal rate. Automated rebalancing removes some of the annual work associated with maintaining your own portfolio (but so does a target-date fund). At the end of the day, I'm not sure they're worth the fees... I still manage my own (simple index-fund portfolio). But they're pretty close to worth it. I'm not sure I agree re (2). TLH isn't super difficult, but there are enough things to do wrong that it's easy to fuck up. And 2 x16 PCIe. Yeah, and this is weird . Most countries do not do this. 1983? He'd get in after his first try, with "password". Yes. The problem is the damn tax code changes every year (see: Intuit's lobbying) and you need to pay for an army of lawyers for when you get it wrong. The firmware author(s) should not brick their hardware when EFI variables are deleted. That is an invalid behavior. > And, that you can't distinguish b/w a regular candy and one with marijuana in it. It's easy to tell — look at the price tag. One is 25¢ and the other is $5. Remove VLAs from the language. They were a mistake. @haberman, you don't use it for constructing an object you want to return. No. You don't want the vast majority of C++ semantics; especially classes, templates, and different casting rules. Additionally C++ compilers are just slower than C compilers. > because an _optional_ feature is impractical on a few niche architectures That isn't why it's a mistake. Arrays and the stack don't mesh well together, especially arrays that aren't bounded by anything other than the width of the integral type used for the VLA length. out_error: dtor(self); This reads as unnecessarily nasty and mean-spirited. Sure, I am biased, I am a FreeBSD developer. It seems like something in the middle would be a good idea. Low cost, 2 year program, sufficient to cover some theory — but CS only, unlike community college associate degrees today. Do we really need to pay $10,000-30,000/year for gen. ed.? > Marijuana should be legal but discouraged, not permitted to be advertised, put in plain packaging, kept behind counters and not turned into novelty products that appeal to teenagers like foods. All of these requirements are implemented in the Washington state roll out. Re: discouraged, there are radio ads warning parents to talk to their kids about the dangers of marijuana. There is zero advertising and everything is behind counters at special stores that don't sell anything else. > Hard to see how it's much different to tobacco really. Hey, why leave out the other big sin drug? Alcohol gets a lot more free roam in advertising and sale/visibility in stores minors can visit. You can pretty much universally run a debit card as a credit card. It's the other way around that's expensive. Convenience is good, but it isn't exactly the same as having the full might of credit card consumer protection laws. All existing SPARC hardware is very old at this point and has horrible energy efficiency and poor performance compared to the other options, including POWER8 and ARM. ImageMagick is a poor example of "doing one thing right" because every command line tool actually does a million different things with different command line switches. Additionally, it can't do everything GIMP can (which I think you're acknowledging with the winky face). Sure it is. You have to do twice as many directory lookups, even if they're cached. ^ For other readers, Kent is the author of bcachefs and bcache. Unfortunately this slide deck is from 2010 and I don't believe bcachefs was around at the time. I, too, would be interested to see bcachefs's performance relative to the traditional Linux fs set (ext4 & XFS). > And people might run zsh and busybox on top of the Linux subsystem, and eliminate GNU entirely. Nevermind that many userspace components Linux-users interact with are not GNU projects. GNU was essential to the rise of Linux as the 3rd party operating system, and is still essential to the system today, but it is not the biggest piece. If people want to identify the system as Linux regardless of the other software in the system, it's fine by me. Yep, any useful compiler support for fence/lock intrinsics will prevent optimizing out those intrinsics. Talos plan to, if demand allows, sell you a bare bones POWER8 (CPU, heatsink, and mainboard) for $3,700 USD. https://raptorengineeringinc.com/TALOS/prerelease.php Yes, very hard to justify when a high-end 4-core Xeon outperforms on some benchmarks[0] and costs half as much or less. Not to mention vastly mature open source floating point, compiler, etc, support. As well as existing (invalid, but still) programs that assume x86isms. [0]: https://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&item=talos-wo... You do need volatile (or equivalent) to instruct the compiler not to optimize away an access/write. Locked read/write intrinsics will already be annotated such that they don't get optimized. Relatively low interest compared to Linux, Windows. I wish they had kept the GNOME application names (Nautilus, File-roller, ...) that I am familiar with instead of renaming them. Sure, they are forks, but spiritually similar. Perhaps "MATE Nautilus," etc., would have been fine. Yes, exactly. A unique name for a given codebase lets me google for documentation and source code. "Disk Utility" doesn't help nearly as much as "palimpsest." Shampoo is maybe useful. Some sort of soap + scalp action, occasionally, is beneficial. Plenty of people in the west don't use shampoo or use it rarely. You don't really need toothpaste. It's the brushing part that's good for removing detritus from your teeth. Edit: Downvote with no comment? How is this comment non-constructive, so I can avoid doing it in the future? Not as specific, for sure. They aren't especially extraordinary claims. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shampoo#No_Poo_Movement https://www.quora.com/How-much-less-effective-is-brushing-yo... Base salary vs total comp data from the research can be eyeballed from the first graphic in the article. For anecdote, approximately 66% of my total compensation is in base salary. When I first started working 5 years ago, it was 92%. These numbers are probably skewed somewhat by Bayarea salaries, which have to compensate a little for the high cost of living (compare for example Facebook/Google to Microsoft/Amazon, which are primarily Seattle-area employers). In general, I've found the Bayarea salary bump doesn't overcome the Bayarea cost-of-living bump. So these salaries are only higher on paper. Most teams require some on-call time every month or two. That's a big factor for me—I value my sleep. Additionally, last time I interviewed there they did not have remote work in any form. If you get a 2am page, you have to drive in to the office. (And you have to commute.) "Backloaded." Amazon's average retention is 2-3 years so they mostly don't have to pay that out. It's pretty horrific for individual employee compensation. If you leave in year 3, you lose 80% of your signing grants. > Once word gets around that the best way to get a fair raise is to interview elsewhere, people start interviewing elsewhere, and some of the people who interview are going to leave, even if that wasn't their original intent. Isn't that true pretty much everywhere? Possibly a Bay area vs Seattle compensation thing. This would have been in 2012 or 2013. Perhaps lack of remote work was specific to that team. It doesn't make sense to me either. I believe at the time they said something about having a strict network access policy, forbidding access from home. TOR is also useful for routing around damage (censorship). Onion domains are just an encoding of a hash of a public key. To get a memorable name, you have to find a keypair that hashes to some letters you want. There is no correlation between any of the characters, so you have to do an exhaustive search to find nice strings. Why do motherboards have this limitation? There's nothing inherent in PCIe that restricts devices to such a small range. Is this a 32-bit BAR / low 4GB space issue? Bike thieves are hardly organized criminals with weapons. Probably mostly homeless or very poor people without better ideas. It's a very low margin crime. > We cannot rule out possible infection methods, but it is highly unlikely that attackers will reliably insert a phony DT_NEEDED entry that is contiguous with the ones generated by the linker. It seems pretty trivial to delete the DT_DEBUG entry, shift the entries in front of it forward by one, and then add a (now contiguous) DT_NEEDED entry. That shouldn't affect the offset of the GOT/PLT segment. Edit: The Saruman backdoor injection detection at the end seems pretty simplistic too. E.g. on FreeBSD you could arrive at the same data with just `procstat -kk pid_of_host`. Martin Shkreli & Turing Pharmaceuticals comes to mind as a recent example. I think this part describes Shkreli: > you're the only guy left in town so you raise your prices to the moon and profit. Sure, it's not because of dumping. But you can do that with an effective monopoly (pseudo or not). If they stayed in the right lane it wouldn't be too much of a problem. The problem with trucks vs cars I run into most today is trucks passing other trucks in the left lane, or middle lanes on 3- or 4-lane highways. A convoy isn't the same thing as three trucks abreast, though. This person made at least four other grammar errors. I don't think they are a native English speaker. If their Github is anything to go by, they appear to work for a Chinese company. It was unanimous—the absolute number of R and D votes just reflects the political demographics of the House. Unlike a breathalyzer, I don't think anyone has (yet) argued that a driving license implies consent to phone searches. This page absolutely wrecks Firefox 45.0.2. UI thread gets blocked indefinitely and spins a core. :-( getcontext(3) / setcontext(3). Not standard, but exists in both Linux and FreeBSD. NetSpend (US) promotional rate is 5% annually. Capped at $5000, but that's certainly above inflation for that balance. Various banks and credit unions (US) have promotional (capped) 2% rates. (Above inflation.) Ally bank (US, online) has a ~1% rate, which is sometimes above inflation (uncapped). More info: https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/banking/nerdwallets-top-high... Ally and others linked at nerdwallet are not capped. I think maybe appropriately paranoid. If the FBI called me and wouldn't tell me what it was about, I'd be concerned too. Yeah, but you didn't ask to "get ahead." Just: > Show me a savings account in a developed country earning above inflation interest. Anyway, 0.1% above inflation still beats 0% cash-under-mattress (in inflationary environments). If you were going to murder someone's wife, it would be a good misdirection, wouldn't it? In "VNP," the N stands for Nicotine. Makes me wonder why they called it "d2SSAOptimizerUndefinedIntOverflow" and not the existing `-fwrapv`. National inflation doesn't cover local cost-of-living variation. How do you just ignore housing, though? Housing is probably the single most important expense and the most likely not to track national inflation. That's most of what people "on a fixed income" are at risk from. There are a lot of AWD/4WD cars in WA and they generally get waved through without chains. In truly bad conditions they might check everybody. Driving through the mountains in really bad conditions is time intensive. In my state, you're not supposed to speed and fly into fields either. (Maybe Germany has a passengers law too — the kid was ignoring other laws already.) And junk corporate bonds are probably less likely to default than LC loans. It's just pure torture. I've IF and exercised around noon for some time and it's a struggle. Coffee compensates somewhat. Interesting — FreeBSD 7 and 8 binaries available for download. Neither of those is a current supported release. It's like offering RHEL 3 or 4 binaries. I finished all of the Microcorruption challenges relatively quickly (I'm on the first page of the "Hall of Fame"). Yet I have no idea how to approach the 2nd level of Stockfighter ("Choc a Block"). It's frustrating and I don't enjoy that game. Given that, I don't see how Starfighters could possibly place me in a reasonable role. I had one of these. Everything using HTML/JS was a poor idea on hardware of the time (six+ years ago?) and probably still a bad idea today. The hardware keyboard was pretty crummy. Maybe better than a touchscreen keyboard. Why would you do that rather than just splitting the patch first? https://github.com/mark And yet, he is a white male. It's a mindset problem where you project your experiences on everyone else. Sorry. searine is really missing the point, though. No, you misunderstand my statement. I'm not arguing anything. You're missing the point. E.g. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11715126 and https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11716004 . Anecdote, but I graduated in 2011 and almost none of my friends have their student loans paid off. Yes! My public school alma mater is now about $12k/year just for tuition for in-state students. That doesn't include food or housing. Most students take four years to graduate. That's a $48k floor; private school costs more, living away from home costs more. Shouldn't ZFS have similar problems with overwrite workloads? I think your first paragraph is spot on. > I suspect that one of the things that Netflix cannot afford using AWS is to have content available that not enough people watch. They end up paying the storage charges with no revenue. Licensing is a vastly higher cost than the AWS bill. It's all about what they can afford to license. (2006) The basic premise is to mmap() the same physical memory twice in a row (in virtual address space). Then you can always point to a contiguous chunk of memory to reference a given object in your queue. This has additional restrictions: * (Maximum) item size must be known in advance, and * Buffer items must be smaller than half the buffer size, and * If items are not suitably sized, buffer fragmentation may result There are also some cases where the padded size requirement may exceed available non-wrapped space with bip vs VRB or similar. Anyway, most OS support mmap(2) today :). Shhh, we're trying to keep it a secret. :) I think you may not grasp how many thousands of engineers Facebook employs at this point. It is literally easier and less risky for them to assemble a 5-10 person team to fix Hg than to fix the code of thousands of other engineers. Git could use inotify (Linux) or kevent (BSD) to monitor for file changes in the background. It's not a limitation of the format or workflow, just the current tools. When you say it like you did initially, yes! You can split an Uber 4 ways but you can't split a bus fare. So if you go out with a few friends it becomes much more reasonable for short trips. If Uber gets more expensive, some people will go back to public transit. Yes, like a taxi. The primary benefits Uber has over traditional Taxis are 1. price; 2. they have an app, and it works well; 3. drivers arrive in vaguely predictable times that are less than 45 minutes; and 4. it doesn't discriminate as badly as cabbies. > Uber will never come close to moving the sheer numbers that public transit does. You can't do it, not enough road to fit all those cars. Especially in downtown cores. I never suggested anything of the sort. Especially not at commute hours. > So Uber competes with public transit as much as taxis compete with public transit. I think we agree. I just noted that if Uber prices rose, some Uber users would prefer to use public transit rather than pay higher Uber prices or Taxi prices. I would also guess it is much higher than 7x on a per-mile basis. Once a month from my roommate in the US. > I'm not from the crypto community, but putting Skein into FreeBSD seems a very strange choice, I agree, but it wasn't chosen arbitrarily. It's only for use by existing ZFS code in a mode already supported in other OpenZFS trees. For ZFS: https://lists.randombit.net/pipermail/cryptography/2013-Octo... High voluntary compliance rates and low long-term capital gains and dividend tax rates. Why did a straightforward factual answer, with citation, get downvoted? Y'all confuse me. Another relatively common "accelerator" problem is a floor mat that rests on top of one or both pedals. > It's not really about closing the deal as much as making sure the Trolltech developers were paid during the time you needed their support. The OSS license doesn't grant you any support from Trolltech, does it? That's a stupid argument and you know it. It doesn't do you much good to be "innocent" if the state just takes all of your money. Immoral, obviously. Probably unconstitutional (that's one for the lawyers, though). Obviously not illegal. Unfortunately, article doesn't really address that. Just some he-said she-said opinions. > However, he said everyone also has a winter car, a Subaru or similar, because the electric range is so severely limited by the cold. Article seems to suggest otherwise — population of 5 million, but only 3 million cars on the road. Or just `sed -e 's|\r||'`. panic_fmt can be as simple as (C pseudocode): printf("..."); kill(getpid(), SIGABRT); while(true) /* In case kill(ABRT) returns, halt. */; If 3d Xpoint is cheaper, lower latency, and higher throughput than DRAM, yes, it will obsolete DRAM. Currently it is higher latency, and lower throughput. And it is cheaper on a per-GB basis, but with a much higher minimum GB (like, 128GB). That's awesome. Yes, that's true (wear). Still, if 3d xpoint is durable enough and cheap/fast, it goes a long way towards obsoleting DRAM. Cramped airlines seats aren't great for tall people either. Thinking a bit bigger — when do we stop involving pilots in commercial aircraft flight? Much like trucking, flight is something computers can do very well. Index funds crash whenever the market does. In 2008/2009 they were down 50% just like the indices they track. I've always heard 20 years. Look at stagflation in the US in the 70s. The troublesome part is the headline. Both userspace stacks bypass several standard kernel interfaces to achieve good performance. If you want to integrate with normal kernel configuration (interface, routing, etc) and BSD sockets, then maybe you do need to be in the kernel. (Maybe it's possible to improve user kernel interfaces to reach good performance in userspace with standard kernel configuration, but we aren't there yet.) Would you mind dual-licensing under a more permissive license (BSD or MIT) so the work can be included in the BSD family of operating systems as well as Linux? FreeBSD has a moratorium on importing new GPL code to base, and especially the kernel. Thanks for considering it! For what it's worth, there is dual BSD/GPL precedent in various places in Linux (e.g., most of the drm GPU drivers, NTB, etc). Just buy directly from Dorco on Amazon as needed. Dollar Shave just rebrands Dorco products and marks them up. I saw that visualization back in 2011 and I think it's actually a pretty poor one. It uses shades of red for what are objectively not bad outcomes (return greater than inflation is red, real return between 3 and 7% is pink). IMO that's misleading. It would be helpful if it compared against the same visualization for other straightforward market investments, like bonds, or savings accounts / CDs. Those asset classes would be red (or pink for long-term bonds, perhaps) across the board. Stocks look great in comparison. But picking a slightly more reasonable color scale would help. Yeah, you're not a lawyer. This is nonsensical gibberish. 3-7% looks more pink than beige to me, but I'm a little red-green colorblind, so what do I know. IMO it would make more sense to show 0-3% real return — strictly above inflation — as beige and 3-7% real return as a shade of green. It sounds like this has some parallels to Mesa's Gallium llvmpipe. (Both projects aim to render some version of OpenGL on the CPU.) Does anyone more familiar with either project know how much those goals overlap and if opportunities for code sharing exist? 600 people is an incredibly large plane. Most are more like 160-180. How is that going to work? I thought 5GHz had really poor penetration and attenuation. Will it trash wifi performance? How so? They could drop an executable named "configure" in the tarball. I don't think they would, but they're not really limited by the format. Worth mentioning if it's still correct; last time I heard, terms are capped at two years tops. Looks Good to Me is commonly used in code review at my employer (not Google). It's C generated by disassembling x86 assembler code. It is not an example code from Intel. The function pointer at `v3 + 0x8` is invoked with arguments: (1) the pointer at `v3 + 0x0`, (2) some fixed pointer, and (3) a pointer into the CommunicationBuffer. E.g. here's more idiomatic C code to represent the same idea: struct Thunk { void *argument; void (fp)(void *, DWORD *, void *); }; struct CommunicationBuffer { uint64_t unknown[4]; struct Thunk *thunk; ...; }; EFI_STATUS __fastcall sub_AD3AFA54( EFI_HANDLE SmmImageHandle, VOID *CommunicationBuffer, UINTN *SourceSize) { struct CommunicationBuffer *cb = CommunicationBuffer; if (cb->thunk) { cb->thunk->fp(cb->thunk->argument, &dword, &cb->unknown[3]); cb->thunk = NULL; } return 0; } Maybe. From the assembly we don't know what type the pointer is. The general C style for closures ("thunks") is to store two pointers—a function and `void `. Since `void ` can point to anything, it's fully general. But maybe the original has a less general type and we can't tell from the assembly. `qsort_r(3)` in libc, for example. It's not uncommon in idiomatic C code. Go is Java 2.0, but from Google instead of Sun. At least the syntax is a little nicer and less boilerplated. Yes, although without JIT it's slower than CPython. So, what's the point? LLVM isn't as widely portable as generic C, either. ARM and x86 are well supported in LLVM, but CPython runs fine on MIPS, Sparc, PPC, etc (via GCC or other C compilers). Sure. But if you're already using CPython (as most users are), and you know Pypy will be 3x slower on your platform, why switch? Has anyone tried it on some real-world codebases? How about kernel code? It would be very exciting to improve real-world crash safety and security by e.g. converting popular drivers quickly and automatically, followed by a manual pass applying safer Rust semantics. Contract or start your own business. It is syscall-level emulation. Emulation in this case doesn't mean it has to be slow. I am curious how they implemented `fork(2)`, though. Perhaps the contractual obligations tie up all of his or her time. > What is the total fee load for your plain old S&P 500 index fund ? https://www.guideline.com/pricing They're just Vanguard + 0.03% custodial fee. So whatever institutional version of VFIAX they can get + 0.03. Maximum 0.08% if they only get the retail investor version (0.05%), minimum 0.03%. SIMPLE IRAs have lower employee and much lower employer contribution limits than 401(k)s. I think it'll be solvent one way (reduced benefit or increased benefit age) or another (increased tax rate on workers) by the time I'm 62. Why do you have a tax-managed fund in a retirement account? SEP IRA has worse benefits for employees than a 401(k), but it is cheaper to offer. You should not be paying ETF trading fees. And the bid-ask spread is quite small for most popular ones. I don't think there's any inherent difference between ETFs and mutual funds as far as dividends go. The target funds have higher fees and are less tax friendly for non-retirement accounts. In a 401(k), if they have low institutional fees, sure. Basically, with component funds, you can always implement a target date glide path. You can't get the component funds usefully out of a target date. > Guideline is trying to be the Vanguard of 401(k) custodians. Vanguard is customer-owned, while Guideline is not. That is an important distinction, regardless of current low fees. Even in the retail segment, the target date funds don't have "Admiral" options. So you see 0.16% with VFIFX, 0.05% with VTSAX, 0.12% VTIAX, 0.06% VBTLX. A 3-fund of VTSAX/VTIAX/VBTLX can average around 0.08% for the same underlying asset allocation as VFIFX at 0.16%. That's roughly double. Institutional class expense ratios are much lower than 0.18% average. Also, they can pick the lower cost funds. Yes, you can create a solo 401(k) for 1099 income. It's a different sort of thing than what Guideline offers, though. Solo 401(k)s have higher contribution limits and allow you to save more of your business income tax-advantaged. The fees may be worth it. I call my 401(k) biweekly to perform in-plan Roth conversions, but would be very happy to self-direct it online instead. I hope not. One would have to exclude benefits to a lot of people who have been paying the top tax rate for SS to save any significant amount of money. In effect, this would be a retroactive tax. SS has never been a means tested program. See also: > Social Security benefits are relatively evenly distributed among retirees. The vast majority of benefits go to people who are low- or middle-income by any standard. This means that a means test that is focused on taking back benefits from upper income retirees is likely to raise very little money... > This suggests that means testing is not an effective route for reducing the cost of Social Security. Source: http://cepr.net/documents/publications/ss-2011-03.pdf Both Fidelity and Vanguard brokerages offer a wide selection of ETFs with no trading fees. What do you mean by rate increases? Vanguard brokerage is funded by its ETF expense ratios; Fidelity by kickbacks from ETF ER as well as subsidized by other products they sell. But I'm also confused why you suggest doing 400-2000 buys per month. That seems very high to me for a long-term retirement portfolio. Thanks for the thorough and thoughtful answer. > They won't update the "amount you will get" to reflect Congress dipping into the fund. The statements operate on the "if everything continues to go well" basis, and so what Congress does isn't reflected on them. Right. They do say, "Your estimated benefits are based on current law. The law governing benefit amounts may change. Congress has made changes to the law in the past and can do so at any time." At least. I am converting after-tax, not pre-tax contributions. For more information on why that would be desirable, this is an easy read: http://www.madfientist.com/after-tax-contributions/ Fidelity does not :-). SSDs also like nice big sequential writes, although it matters less. It's easier on their wear-leveling firmware and erase blocks. And fewer commands back and forth to the drive reduce latency. You're absolutely correct. Wear leveling can affect total IOPS and drive longevity though, so it's still something to consider for those eking out the best total performance from the drive. You can do some checks as non-atomic instructions too, with careful use of memory barriers. Buses come every 15 minutes if you're lucky and they're on time. Most of the time during commute hours one gets bogged down and they stack up (2 come every 20-30 minutes… great). That said, ST3 is better than the alternative. Streetcars in shared lanes have some downsides, especially (as a cyclist here) cycle safety. That said, if streetcars are how we're going to get on-time, effective mass transit, I'm for it. Even as a cyclist. Anything to get cars off the road. There is the non-standard O_NOFOLLOW. That's what WINE is, to the nearest approximation. Windows' ABI to userspace is at the dll layer and much larger than Linux. WINE tries to handle that, but falls short in some areas. The Linux manual page is a little misleading, and I didn't dig further into POSIX. Mea culpa. O_NOFOLLOW If pathname is a symbolic link, then the open fails. This is a FreeBSD extension, which was added to Linux in version 2.1.126. Symbolic links in earlier components of the pathname will still be followed. See also O_PATH below. ... The O_CLOEXEC, O_DIRECTORY, and O_NOFOLLOW flags are not specified in POSIX.1-2001, but are specified in POSIX.1-2008. Right. The right thing to do is open() with NOFOLLOW, then fstat the resulting fd. Then check for S_ISLNK(st_mode). I don't know why this is downvoted. Several of the author's claims about C are just wrong. Modern C compilers can warn you about most of these, and literal initializers eliminate the missed zero initializations. It isn't type-safe in the sense you're used to in C++. But common pitfalls can be avoided if you don't destroy the type information by assigning through a vanilla integer. enum a { A }; enum b { B }; static enum a a = B; $ clang -Wenum-conversion -Werror a.c b.c:4:19: error: implicit conversion from enumeration type 'enum b' to different enumeration type 'enum a' [-Werror,-Wenum-conversion] static enum a a = B; ~ ^ 1 error generated. You don't unlock reporting comments with the downvote. Source: only have the downvote myself... Yeah, it isn't real type safety. That said, don't assign enums through vanilla integers if you don't have to. :-) Our engineering organization of 300+ people builds the majority of our code with -Werror (and a bunch of warnings enabled). Just an anecdote, of course. Yes, there are huge downsides to forcibly uprooting people. But you don't need to throw out attacks like "warped." :-) Real estate returns are historically flat. Only recently have they risen so quickly. If the bank thought they would get 5-7% on the house, why wouldn't they just buy it themselves instead of giving you a 3.5% loan? This is not criminal prosecution. AES and SHA2 are completely different algorithms. > Also, this is another really good reason never to use a sha2 as your hashing algo for password storage. I don't know what you mean by this. I understand that SHA2 is poor for some things, but I'm not sure how this illustrates that. Google indexes Gmane HTTP, but not NNTP. That's a big feature. So it's 20x cheaper than the noble gas version — what's the absolute cost? I assume it's not cheaper than pumping fossil fuels yet, but I'm curious to know how far away it is. It would be pretty shocking if it was already cost comparable, of course :-). Twice as much on a per-volume basis? Or per-weight? How does one use a binary reverser commercially? They're useful in cases like this, where the set of entries is much smaller than the total set size (e.g., all URLs). Once you approach sets with 50% membership, a bitset becomes more efficient (accuracy per space) than a bloom filter or any other probabilistic structure. The trick is the Xeons are an older generation and/or Engineering Samples rather than retail processors. The result is more, slower threads. For some workloads, that's a good trade-off. Probably not for videogames, though, where single-thread performance is still very important. Games haven't really utilized more than one CPU well until quite recently. Even a quad core is overkill. Basically, yes. There was a well-watched talk about it that introduced it to people who hadn't seen it or hadn't bothered to try it. I eat a lot more running 30 miles per week than zero. And I drive, sometimes. :-) Did you miss the directly following sentence? > We are reviewing this policy for cases where a proof-of-concept or working exploit is already public. The existing policy is flawed and they intend to fix it. It just hadn't been a problem before now. Figure 4 and 5 have the same credit groups, but opposite colors. That seems unnecessarily confusing. The nice part about the Unix Haters book is that the authors were actually familiar with their subject material :-). 7 mph is pretty limiting. You can literally run to your destination faster. The iphone 6S can do 120 fps for a short period of time. And if you follow the github thread to the bottom, the problem seems to be tracked in this freedesktop.org dbus bug: https://bugs.freedesktop.org/show_bug.cgi?id=95263 (which is no longer responding, at least for me right now). Mostly unrelated, but this reminds me of Norbert's Gambit[0]. (A method for converting USD CAD at market rates using dual-listed stocks. By other methods, Canadians face relatively high add-on fee percentages for USD CAD conversions.) [0]: http://www.finiki.org/wiki/Norbert's_gambit Essentially no capital gains on the sale because you expect no price movement over the time period. It may be non-zero but should be insignificant. ag was initially written as a faster ack. Maybe ack has caught up since, though. They ship an old version of BSD grep, presumably. Not their own implementation. What do wash trades have to do with capital gains? A wash sale relates primarily to capital losses, and is distinct from a wash trade . They didn't abandon the desktop focus. That's "TrueOS Desktop." You can always overwrite in place (that was how it worked before beadm), but it's riskier. The big index funds already own REITs in proportion to market cap. Nothing changes here unless you're slicing and dicing sectors. That's not how it works. If they were too small to be sampled before, they're still too small. Just because they have a seperate sector now doesn't mean a market-cap total index (or even S&P500) has to buy more of them than before to track the index with minimal error. (Nevermind that, in all likelihood all big S&P500 index funds already own every single fund in the 500; and usually a few more below the top 500 as well.) The big total market funds almost assuredly already owned at least one REIT that would land in the new sector :-). Not really? Go to http://quotes.morningstar.com/chart/fund/chart?t=VITSX&regio... and click on "Maximum" and compare to VFINX. The total market and S&P500 indices have tracked really closely for a long time. You're not missing out on much, if anything, by holding only the S&P500. Absolutely no impact. This change shouldn't even affect REIT stock prices very much in the short to medium term. Total market has outperformed slightly since 2008, but for a good period prior to that, the S&P500 was outperforming total market (also slightly). It's not super cut and dried. Nvidia can't be bothered to port it. PC-BSD is now called "TrueOS Desktop," FWIW. The BSD model is somewhat challenging for porters (maintainers of the 3rd party software). Making sure the software compiles on three different FreeBSD releases (old-stable, stable, development branch) is much more work than the usual Linux 1:1 model. Basically, because a lot of data isn't safe and only manages to seem safe on average because the power is very reliable and data loss becomes an occasional race condition. :-) Jordan Hubbard hasn't actually committed anything in years. He does like to suggest FreeBSD adopt mach and launchd. That has seen some push back (people don't want mach IPC and people seem to think XML is required for launchd plists—it isn't). Matt Macy already did a port of both pieces; they're ready and sitting in the NextBSD repository: https://github.com/NextBSD/NextBSD . No, actually launchd: https://github.com/NextBSD/NextBSD :-). XML isn't required; plists can be JSON or UCL or whatever. What is the ethical implication here? The package repositories for CentOS 6 and 7 (and Fedora 23, 24, rawhide) are all distinct; each release is a git branch in a given package's repository. Whereas on FreeBSD, the head ports tree is shared between FreeBSD 9, 10, 11, and CURRENT. It's a distinction that makes a difference. Tangential, but how do you stand to check tire pressure so frequently? Just taking the dust caps off is enough of a burden I don't do it frequently. I think it's a good article, but misses on one of its claims. > Another powerful driver for the uptake of electric vehicles is that they are a vastly superior platform for autonomous driving, infotainment, connected vehicle and transport-as-a-service technologies, ... And it simply makes no sense to have an inherently analogue power unit – vibrating, volatile-liquid-consuming, hot-polluting-exhaust-producing – at the heart of a fully digital, sensor-pervaded, solid-state-electronics-controlled system. I don't think there's anything true about this statement, basically. There's no reason not to put automated driving, connected vehicle, and transport-as-a-service technologies in petrol cars (as long as it's still economical to make and sell petrol cars). I don't think we're remotely close to cars being SoCs, or that there's anything about analogue components that magically resists monitoring with sensors. If anything, I usually clean the windshield. But that's a good idea, thanks. > We're not close, but like I said, we're headed that way. Maybe in another 20 years, say. I don't think we're even headed that way. Not faster than petrol is going to become uneconomical due to renewables or at least government incentives/tariffs. > But the architecture of even current electric cars goes far beyond this: electric cars don't monitor the analogue components with digital sensors, they simply have ADCs connected right to the sensors, and take the now-digital signal from the sensor and feed it to the car's CPU, where that signal—that data, now—can produce many separate outputs. This is a statement without meaning. Nothing about petrol engines prevents ADCs connected to sensors. > Surprisingly ... while the electric architecture can centralize data-flow. This also seems kind of meaningless. > You don't have to worry about the driver attempting to move the car with the parking brake enabled; the information of "gas pedal depressed" goes through the "brain" of the device, where it also knows that the "parking brake engaged" line is high, so its desired-torque output should just stay at zero. This is just drive-by-wire. Again, nothing about drive-by-wire is exclusive to electronic-drive vehicles. For example, all aircraft are powered by kerosene and yet modern aircraft are all fly-by-wire. There's basically very little about the drivetrain that actually matters to any of this technology. The key advantaged of an electronic drive train that I would highlight, in roughly most to least important, are: * Reduced maintenance and mess * Emissions, and access to renewable energy as it increasingly powers the grid * Regenerative braking (but note that even some analogue vehicles have this in the form of flywheel energy storage), and * High torque But this paragraph of the original article is bunk. You check your oil and coolant levels once a week ? For topping off air I just use a floor bicycle bump I already have. In 2030? Maybe for new car sales, but there will still be plenty of older cars on the road. There's a huge difference between starting a company that will fail on (lack of) merits, and being unethical to your employees. Huge. I think the patents covering x265 might be younger, too. Myspace and Adobe, neither of which is present in my password manager. Huh, no memory of those. > Make this install on modern laptops. I'm tired of being recommended five year-old Thinkpads. This branch does carry the (work-in-progress) i915 driver updates that bring support for modern Intel graphics (Haswell, Broadwell, Skylake). > what kind of organization has a product's success completely reliant on one person? Hah. Without evidence, lots of them. I still use LibreOffice for my day-to-day word processing and (limited) spreadsheet needs. I'd greatly prefer for it to continue functioning well. It's a little odd to me that they're adding new codec code in C++ when they have this little memory-safe language in their back pocket waiting to be used for exactly stuff like this. Most businesses paying a salary expect (and sometimes encode in your employment contract) that it is your sole job. They don't want the stress, mental fatigue, and time commitments of a second job competing with your work for them. (This is my understanding, as a person living in the US anyway.) > By mid-1927, the new denaturing formulas included some notable poisons—kerosene and brucine (a plant alkaloid closely related to strychnine), gasoline, benzene, cadmium, iodine, zinc, mercury salts, nicotine, ether, formaldehyde, chloroform, camphor, carbolic acid, quinine, and acetone. I don't think any of those are just natural byproducts of making high proof industrial alcohol. Or do you contest that claim? I don't think you can blame MDMA for drinking 10L of water. I think that's entirely a socialized overreaction to the typical side effect of MDMA (not noticing you're overheating from constant activity in a crowded space). It seems to me that Rust would be perfect for a tiny, mostly irrelevant, self-contained feature like this. :-) If it works, you don't need most FF devs to have fluency because the code base simply doesn't need fixing. The API surface is tiny. And the impact of it being broken is pretty low. Best interest of the company usually includes producing the most income for shareholders, which involves minimizing expenses. Taxes are an expense. It may not be written down in stone but it follows logically from other principles. Well, and that NULL was a valid memory location on this platform. It's actually quite nice to have virtual memory with NULL unmapped! > When those developers age, will we see a more natural age distribution? Yes. You also have to keep in mind that developers get paid a lot of money compared to most workers. Many can afford to retire early, and do. Bells and New Belgium are commonly referred to as "craft" despite their volume. The stuff that definitely isn't craft is AB Inbev, Miller-Coors, and imported mass-produced beer. Phoenix is by all accounts not helping: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phoenix_Jones#Arrest_record "Seattle City Attorney Pete Holmes has called Jones a "deeply misguided individual." If the PC reboots with your work unsaved, you could lose a day's work, for example. It took the music industry a long time. > The tracking stock, DVMT, that EMC owners were given has traded pretty well since it was released, it's slightly up, so atleast people who want out of the new entity have an easy avenue. It's trading at a 35% discount from VMW, which is pretty steep. Cough . I work there. :-) > 1) This is the first time tracking stock has been issued on a public company so there are alot of people out there who aren't really sure what to make of this class instrument yet. I don't think it's the first time. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tracking_stock has some examples (although I don't know if those are public companies). I thought I had heard of other examples in the articles about the deal. > 2) You'd expect a steep discount due to liquidity and lack of typical share holder rights. For example, if VMWare did pay a dividend, then the tracking stock would not necessarily have to pay that out to unit holders. Sort of. The tracking stock is non-voting, but I'm not sure how much that matters. (You'd expect a small discount for that.) VMware doesn't have a dividend now, so I don't think that should influence the tracking stock price much. > 3) EMC paid a dividend. There are alot of funds that bought EMC to get the dividend. They've been forced to sell the tracking stock as VMWare doesn't pay a dividend and the tracking stock won't pay one. Sure, but theoretically VMW shareholders (anyone who thinks VMW is a buy or hold) should be incentivized to buy a bunch of cheap DVMT, propping the price up relatively close to VMW. Why do VMW shareholders think VMW is worth ~$73 but DVMT isn't worth more than ~$46? Math. They're pretty unusual. DSSD D5 doesn't count too, I guess? And I'm personally working on a new product line that will have an all-flash version as well ("Nitro": http://virtualgeek.typepad.com/virtual_geek/2016/05/emc-worl... ). If it sounds like something you'd enjoy and the pay is right, I don't see any reason not to. Very modest bonus in the trenches. RSUs granted before October 2015 vest early (today). You could buy a nice new car, but not a yacht. (I couldn't buy a Model S with my buyout bump, for example, although I'm sure some others are seeing bigger bonuses.) It's basically a prime sieve done on a string encoding. Not calling the cops showed that, especially. He's 22, not 9. I furiously agree with you. Peak Web failed their SLA in the first month, before the Cisco issue even cropped up: > According to Machine Zone, the hosting service couldn’t make it a month without an outage lasting almost an hour. Another in August of that year was traced to faulty cables and cooling fans, according to the publisher. And why is that a problem, exactly? In the end aluminum is fungible for aluminum, and the US is getting aluminum from Mexico under NAFTA. Trying to enforce a tariff on element production from a subset of external countries seems sisyphean. > 3. Get your FICO score from discover [0] for free OR Open a credit card with Citi cards [1] and I think for $95/Year fee, they give you free FICO score which is the score that majority of lenders use. There are many other companies that offer FICO score for a fee but this was a good way for me since I needed that type of card anyway. As well as Discover, Barclays and USAA credit cards both offer (one of) your credit scores without paying an annual fee. I have also never had much luck with the annual report site. > How much is this connected to not having a real id card? Social security number is sort of that. But various businesses keep accepting it blindly from fraudsters ("identity thieves"). So for now it remains semi-private because it is overused for authentication. > Another concept that I don't understand is that USA's social security number has to be kept secret or otherwise your identity can be stolen. How that is even possible? Doesn't your employer needs it? The trouble is really that it is accepted as a an authentication credential in many places, even though it is just a not-very-random unique number. It is certainly intended to be unique. Yes. I too "failed" the public information database of my history. :-/ A general-purpose operating system really seems inappropriate for 2kB of RAM. In that space I think it's all custom applications doing very specific things. Minor nit: HPN has been dropped from openssh since this was written. It's surprising you can still do cryptocurrency mining with GPUs. Not bitcoin, then? No one was available to benchmark HPN vs no-HPN to illustrate it still made a difference. It is implied that mining is how they are familiar with bit error problems in GPUs. > The other popular self-balancing trees are good candidates as well (AVL and LLRB/Red-black). While they do essentially the same, they can have very different performance characteristics, and switching can influence the program’s performance vastly. In what scenario would you prefer an RB-tree (or AVL tree) to a B-tree? My understanding is that the performance characteristics of RB/AVL trees can mostly be described as "worse." Maybe insert speed? But in that case, you'd really prefer an LSM tree. The author is also very confused about how hash table DoS attacks are protected. And what a cryptographic hash is. There are very fast non-cryptographic hash functions like xxHash (in fact, I thought siphash was much faster than 1GB/s, but I could be misremembering). Good point. Before you go through Point's laborious quote process, check this list of requirements (which should be front and center, IMO, but whatever): http://help.point.com/article/15-how-do-homeowners-qualify-f... (They want minimum 20% down, for example.) Suggestion to Point: Allow potential customers to fiddle with quote parameters without redoing the entire form. And make it clear when a parameter will immediately disqualify them. > It might make sense, at this point, for people who own property to become permanent landlords, and for the vast majority of tenants to be renters. This is exactly how prop13 distorts the market. > This might even be better for renters, since the overall cost of housing would be lower due to overall lighter taxes and interest rates. Until they want to buy. Or until income taxes / sales taxes are raised to counteract falling property taxes. Or increase the CO2 fee. Basically they've expanded the persistence domain from just the DIMMS, to the DIMMS and memory controller, obviating PCOMMIT. Previously you would use CLWB, SFENCE, then PCOMMIT. Now you use CLWB, then SFENCE. Sure. Kernel direct access to Xpoint and similar DIMMs. Potentially applications via mmap. You'd probably write a simple assembly function for it and invoke that from a language that can call assembly routines. Obvious applications are filesystems and databases. > If you can only put 10% down on a home and are that desperate to have a 80% LTV mortgage, sure, this would do it. They don't even help with down payments. Minimum buyer down is 20%. Better to go with a conventional lender. Tl;dr > The health benefits of running short or long distances are so overwhelmingly positive that they swamp potential dangers. It's worth adding that some people are able to continue running after knee surgery. And many non-runners have to have knee surgery too. > It takes major dedication just to work that amount in, I have no idea how I'd spin up to do 40 mi/week. Slowly, and do a little every day. Or at least, that worked for me. I do 3-4 miles a day (longer on weekends) for 25-30 mi/week total. I've worked up to that from zero over 18-24 months. 40 miles / 5 hours is 8 mph or a 7:30 pace (presumably "easy" for him/her). That's quick but not olympics level (they do more like 6:30 easy, I think). (As a much slower runner, I can maintain 7:30 for a mile or two. Just not 40. :-)) Old tech workers who have been making good money for decades are not a disadvantaged group. I find it odd that 18-40 year olds are not legally protected from age discrimination in the US. Right, exactly. That doesn't dispel the fears of lots of non-immigrants older than 5. :-) If you make more than ~$62k (single earner) and have an employer 401(k) program, you're not eligible to deduct traditional IRA contributions. (Non-deductible traditional IRA contributions get a worse tax treatment than a taxable brokerage account.) At very roughly $120k-$130k (single earner; I forget the exact figure) you're no longer eligible for Roth IRA contributions . However, you can make non-deductible Traditional IRA contributions and then do a Traditional-to-Roth conversion ( not "recharacterization"). This is known as a "Backdoor Roth IRA contribution" and is legal and explained in nauseating detail on the internet. So: > Under what conditions could this occur? If you make more than ~$62k, have an employer 401(k), and contribute the maximum to it, funding a Roth IRA is a good idea. (Unless you have an existing traditional IRA balance which would make backdoor Roth funding counter-productive due to the pro rata …. blah blah. If you don't have an existing Traditional IRA balance it's not a problem.) > I simply cannot fathom why he would state that. Me either, unless he assumes: 1) His audience is all tech workers, and 2) all tech workers are making better than $62k (single earner) or whatever the higher married-jointly exclusion is. That's not so unreasonable. GP is talking about Federal brackets. 33% starts at $190,150 AGI (after deductions) which is well above what a new grad could expect (from their employer) or require to pay rent, even in the valley. "Backdoor Roth." You must know a different group of millennials than I do (anecdata at best). https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics This is among the worst possible financial advice, along with "put it all on black." Google "backdoor Roth" for more thorough description and discussion. Since you are all forum nerds, y'all might also enjoy: * https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics ("I have $X, what do I do with it?") (and the rest of the PF wiki is a good general resource as well) * https://www.reddit.com/r/financialindependence/ (How do I save enough to be able to stop working?) * https://www.bogleheads.org/ CWGIX is one of those front-end load and high-fee funds you should avoid, though. It's like a traditional IRA, but the age for penalty-free non-healthcare withdrawals is higher (65 vs 59.5). Just something to keep in mind if you're older and think you might need the money sooner. There's a decent argument that American companies are multinational and therefore already exposed to foreign markets. I don't subscribe to that, but it's not totally unfounded. I don't see how the IRS would crack down on that unless the rules change. I don't see the rules changing without notice (time for people doing this to self-reimburse medical expenses before the rules change). S&P500 index funds are up 77% over the past 5 years. I would say that's kind of proving the point, except international indices have done poorly over that time period and I think that explains most of the difference. (VXUS is up only ~7% over the 5 year period.) (All figures quoted above are "price" and ignore dividends, which is bad but I don't have easy access to dividends-included figures.) What is the blood harvest and what does Sothic replace? I'm confused. Only in jest. > Yes, I've heard that a million times, but that kind of advice presupposes a bull market. What if it's 1967, and you're about to go into a 15 year period of up and down markets, with no real growth in stock prices? And that's before inflation; the market fell substantially during the horrible 70s if measured in real dollars. All kinds of stock enthusiasts (like most folks here) got eaten alive. Pessimism reigned by the early 80s. http://awealthofcommonsense.com/2014/02/worlds-worst-market-... > What if you had retired in 1929? You would have received nary a return for 25 years. That just isn't true? You're looking at charts without dividends reinvested. Plug 1929-1950 into https://www.measuringworth.com/datasets/sap/ for example. It had bounced back above 1929 by 1937; never falls below the starting value after 1944. http://awealthofcommonsense.com/2014/02/worlds-worst-market-... Almost nothing happened to the US stock market on the day of Brexit. (Home currency) cash is essentially an ultra-short duration, zero yield (home government) bond. Edit: Clarified that both are local. What if trump wins and the market goes up, too? Things that "everyone knows" are already priced in. Same for Fidelity funds (or many iShares ETFs) in a Fidelity account. The only trick they have is tax loss harvesting, which has limited effect (mostly due to $3,000/year limit on deducting). And you can do that by hand pretty easily. > evidence to support that they underperform direct index funds Well, they charge additional fees. They have to make that up somewhere or it's the same (but at higher cost) as buying the indices directly. > very frequent automatic rebalancing This actually costs money and doesn't improve outcomes. Scroll to "study for the NYTimes on rebalancing" on http://johncbogle.com/wordpress/category/ask-jack/ . Or http://www.morningstar.com/cover/videocenter.aspx?id=615379 . > automated (aggressive) tax-loss harvesting Tax-loss harvesting has very limited benefit. Mostly you can offset income. But it's only $3k/year. You can harvest enough losses by hand to easily take the $3,000 deduction too. > Third, the ability to diversify any amount of money. You can put $1k into Wealthfront and diversify across five Vanguard index funds. But directly on Vanguard, this is impossible because the minimum investment in most Vanguard funds is $3k. No... you can buy the same Vanguard ETFs with no minimum. > With that, take their Total Stock Market Index Fund as an example. If you can only invest $3k in it, your expense ratio is 0.16% [1]. If you can invest $10k in it, your expense ratio is 0.05% [2]. Through Wealthfront, I can hold the VTI ETF at 0.05% expense ratio You can just buy VTI as an individual. You still get the 0.05% rate. > The best possible claim I can imagine then is that for very large accounts, excluding tax-loss harvesting benefits and any benefits of rebalancing, it is cheaper to index invest — for example, if you have a $100k account and can spend less than $225 worth of your time [4] in the entire year keeping up on it, rebalancing if you wish, etc., then in some cases you could beat the robos. Yeah. Reducing expenses is the goal. Sort of. Ideally you're trading future long-term capital gains taxes for lower income tax today. You assume the future cap gains rate will be lower than or equal to your income tax today. As you reach the $3k max and your portfolio continues to grow, the benefit to fee ratio becomes worse. Like an IRA, you're free to open an HSA with another provider and transfer the balance. You get the deduction from your employer and can invest in lower-fee funds. The best options are still relatively expensive compared to the IRA/401(k) scene, unfortunately. Agreed. That horribly misleading graphic mislead me for a long time as a child. > Non deductible has very little benefit, so might as well go with Roth, or back door into a Roth. Non-deductible IRA actually gets a worse tax treatment than an ordinary taxable account, due to the long-term capital gains rate being lower than the income tax rate. It depends on how long you have until retirement, which is influenced by your saving rate as a percentage of income. If you can save 99% of your income, you can retire real fast and your investment choices don't impact your pre-retirement earnings very much. (That's pretty much the gist of this post: http://www.mrmoneymustache.com/2012/01/13/the-shockingly-sim... ) That said, you need to be invested somewhat just to fund retirement. It can be pretty conservative, though. Oh hey, I recognize you u/misnamed. I saw a comment on I and EE bonds and looked up for the username :-). EE bonds don't trade on a secondary market. :) Yep. https://investor.vanguard.com/financial-advisor/financial-ad... Any 10-15% yield loan today is essentially junk grade as far as bonds are concerned. (That would be the opposite of "low risk" investment.) You can only contribute $18k as employee and $35k as employer (under 50 years old, anyway). Those totals are across both traditional and Roth 401(k) accounts. If you have 401(k)s at multiple, unrelated employers, you can get employer contributions from both to a total over $35k. But if both are Individual 401(k)s, I don't think that applies. FOREX movement doesn't factor here? I'm talking about a single currency. > can be cheaper than buying the indexes directly for a lot of people. If that's what you think, you've missed some of my post :-). Specifically, I said: > you can buy the same Vanguard ETFs with no minimum. As an individual you can get 0.05% VTI directly from Vanguard. No $3k minimum (minimums are a mutual fund thing). Just because the market's down doesn't mean you can't spend retirement savings. You wouldn't need to starve (as someone wealthy enough to retire in 1929). Ideally you scale back your spending and look for work. Social security was signed into law in 1935 (6 years later). The problem isn't lasting the first 6-15 years (4% rule of thumb = 25x yearly spending; in very low risk cash/bonds obviously that lasts around 25 years), it's having any money left over to last the rest. And keep in mind, 1929 and ~1965 are the two worst years to retire in in US history. Hm. On some machines I only have 8x the SSD as RAM. I might take the 2.1GB to 21GB trade in that case :-). Root can modify the filesystem arbitrarily. To what extent should developers proactively scan their own files for arbitrary changes by 3rd parties? How much work should go into this, rather than fixing other bugs or improving performance? If you're using packages on Linux, the package manager is responsible for uninstalling the old version. For example, yum/dnf on Fedora/Redhat will only keep one version of a package during 'yum update' (with the exception of the kernel, where the most recent 3 versions as well as the running kernel are kept to avoid breaking boot). Fair enough! I think GP is just suggesting that Google has had the knowledge about this specific 3rd party issue (via this bug) for years. It can't fix all possible 3rd party installer-induced issues, but it could potentially fix this one. (Or at least notify the user.) > They also reinvest dividends automatically Typical brokerages can do that too :-). > rebalance automatically The value of which is maybe dubious, as pointed out elsewhere in the thread. It doesn't need to be done frequently, if at all, and is pretty trivial with a simple 3-fund portfolio. > Tax loss harvesting is limited to 3000 per year, but you can carry over until you've exhausted the losses. Right. But you only get so many working years. > Of course TLH is only good if you're in a taxable account with them. > I also don't buy it being easy- particularly with trying to avoid the pitfalls of wash sales and the paperwork to actually claim it. You need to be aware of how wash sales work even if you use a robo-advisor to do the TLH. You need to be sure you don't have substantially equivalent securities in your IRAs and 401(k), etc. The actual mechanic is pretty easy — sell one index fund (with shares held over 30 days), buy another extremely similar index (but not the exact same index). As far as the paperwork — it's imported automatically with Turbotax etc and is exactly the same paperwork as is needed for capital gains. TLH is also only good while you're working. If you have enough TLH saved up to cover the rest of your working years at $3k/year, you can stop paying the robo-advisor premium. Why would you do that instead of just putting away 53k pre-tax, as a self-employed with Solo 401(k)? Right. And that fragmentation is probably a bad thing. It's a common way to claim tax benefit now, but control (to some extent) giving in the future. E.g., * https://www.vanguardcharitable.org/ * https://www.fidelitycharitable.org/ It allows you to significantly mitigate tax in high-income years (e.g., an exit) while providing a steady flow of money to charity even in lower income years. Islam has lots of very different (from a Western perspective) personal finance rules. Just two examples: * Lending with interest is forbidden (which also rules out investment in traditional bonds) * Zakat is a mandatory annual 2.5% wealth tax As you might imagine, the latter makes it very difficult to retire without some sort of pension system. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_banking_and_finance https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zakat The tax deduction happens when the money (or stock/equity) leaves your (direct) control and is deposited in the DAF. Later suggested donations from the DAF to charities are not tax-deductible. Yeah. > There are banks in the Muslim world that have thought about this, and one thing you can do is replace interest with something like a rent payment. The customer, the person who wants to buy the house, doesn't own it right away. Instead, the bank buys the house and puts it in a legal entity called a trust. Then, the customer makes monthly payments for, say, 30 years. Each month, they own a little bit more of that trust until, finally, the house is all theirs. So that's pretty much a conventional mortgage, except you don't own it immediately. So it's not a loan because you only own the portion you've paid for, I guess. > Now, not all Muslim scholars are OK with this. Some say this is just interest by another name. It's a religious loophole. > You are probably assuming that employees are definitely under compensated This is a reasonable assumption about startups. Reducing the friction in donating a complicated asset is useful.