i'm genuinely wondering how they managed to break something this simple in Opera. wait, basic building blocks of applications aren't features? don't worry so much about the career thing. if you're at a good and challenging spot that meets your personal needs, you'll start to shine automatically. think about what really makes you tick, and try to find a place that matches this. why are you in a startup? for the autonomy? or for the superhero feeling? for the potential big money? other way around, what of that won't you mind missing if you switch to a big company? answering these questions may help you find the kind of spots you like best. describe the workplace you'd like before giving it a name. i mean, there are middle grounds, it's not a black and white thing. i work for a 250-ish people software consultancy firm, who 'rent' me to a well-funded and well-managed 10 people startup. i have all the joys (and occasional overtime/stress) of working at a startup. this includes high degrees of autonomy ("we need something fixed here and there, kind of, to solve this and that problem. we think. you work it out.") and a cozy "us against the world" atmosphere. meanwhile, at my actual employer, i get coaching from experienced engineers and managers, a training budget, and the comfort knowing that if ever my work at the startup stops being challenging enough, i can switch projects without even quitting my job. this matches my needs, as a result of which i'm learning and growing fast. what are yours? Nice story, bad title. Unlike the US and UK legal systems, in the Netherlands, court rulings don't define new legislation. Some court may rule different in another case; judges are to only consider the law, not other rulings. > - If you think you need variables (like in SASS), you are probably thinking about it the wrong way I've yet to see CSS code for page layout without the usual awkwardness where margin-left of some element MUST equal some other element's width minus some bar's left offset, yadayada. It's for stuff like this that variables make sense. I wholeheartedly agree that if you need a variable to colour two bars and a heading orange, you're probably doing it wrong. The blog you refer to only has an example with colours, which is just too easy. I don't know where those guys live, but on my planet all resumes are communicated as PDFs. Nearly all shown examples lose some or all of their power when not in physical form. That said, it seems it's most designers' resumes so maybe that's why. I wonder what CVs could be cooked up for more technical and/or organisational positions. A github printout comes to mind. Why don't you just split into two little 37signalses when the time comes? In all the proposals / solutions mentioned here for dealing with growth while maintaining a flat culture, this is one approach I haven't seen yet. It worked well for a Dutch consultancy firm called BSO, which reached over 6000 people in the 90's, all organised into near-independent little companies of 50-ish people each, all targeting a different market, but each with the same culture and values. The firm itself was a flat company of these little companies (called "cells"), so effectively there were just 2 to 3 layers of management. ( http://www.extent.nl/articles/entry/origins-original/ if you care about the details) Nice trick, but you end up selling a LOT of readability and maintainability just to get a "cool feature". When in Rome, act like the Romans: wouldn't a nested for loop do the trick just fine, in a way any C programmer can understand? Ok, well I'm rather new here, but if 50 applications were accidentally marked as late, does that mean there were like 100+ applications overall? That's a lot of new companies. Are all these already for real, or are the bulk of them in the "programmer with an idea" stage? I had hoped that, too; as an avid Opera Mail (M2) user, this would've been awesome. I don't see why a browser vendor needs to run a webmail service so bad (also, it's not new; i had an @operamail.com address 6 years ago) on the latter example: you could also just compile that hugely useful c library as a nodejs plugin directly. Do you want high grades, or do you really want to learn something useful? If I were you, I'd not worry so much about "getting the most out of of university grades" and join the board of some student organisation instead. Or start an evening startup. You'll learn plenty difficult engineering stuff also if you get average grades. Meanwhile, you'll learn about the real world in a safe environment, without the risk of having no money to buy food if you fail. That said, if your main worry is to pass the exams at all (or to finish that report, etc), I've learned two tricks: 1) start with the easy parts. Sounds stupid, but it helps motivation tremendously. Especially works with reports etc, but you can do the same with exercises while preparing for exams. 2) Remember why you're doing this. I'll assume it's because you want to get the degree, you want to show yourself that you can take on this difficult program, because you know you can. Or something along those lines. I can't seem to access the site, and I also can't seem to shake the idea that announcing an unreachable site confirms all my stereotypes about business in Greece :-) seconded. in addition, it feels arrogant. highlight how nice and fun it is, not how super-special-awesome. nice story. paragraphs would've helped, though. true that. which immediately shows how excellent the HN community still is, because i've seen far lower points on every other social site i know. good going, guys! for me, these tools just underline how horrible regex syntax really is. I always wondered why Node.js is based on V8 in the first place; to my (limited) experience, SpiderMonkey's API is both simpler in use and better documented. Was it a speed thing in Node's early days? Cool move, nevertheless. Sounds like a pain to maintain, though. Won't you spend as much on gas driving to wherever you decide to bulk shop (Bay area isn't tiny) compared to your neighbourhood supermarket, as you'd save by bulk shopping? Cool stuff! If it works as advertized, it's basically wget plus a lot of perl/bash hacking, but then for non-programmers. I think it solves a very real problem. Basically voids a whole bunch of the infamous REBOL oneliners ( http://www.rebol.com/oneliners.html ). I guess data export options would be very important. I wonder to who they want to market this. I think the target audience willing to pay for it is very much used to working with installed enterprise software only (MS Office plus some CRM/ERP that they hate), and might be reluctant to switch over to a web application. Freemium model? sad as it is, i guess this just means the web software industry is growing up. in the high tech devices industry (consumer electronics, advanced machinery, etc), this has been the status quo for decades. there certainly are time zones with less than 500k inhabitants. if you're dropping GMT+0, it'd only be fair to drop those other time zones too! > Second, the advocated method of stying your site with Modernizr is to first make it look good assuming no "advanced features" exist and then progressively enhance. This ensures that the failure of Modernizr to load will leave you with what you started with. I think the big problem and why separation of concerns matters is that people don't design a site once and then let it be. Most frontend developers maintain already existing sites, across new features, new browser versions and new end user expectations. You can't apply that "advocated method" there, or at least you can't do so equally well. I guess that simply disabling Modernizr when adding new design elements until things are good enough, and then enabling it for the "advanced features" could be a work around. I've yet to see such a disciplined workflow somewhere, however. Nevertheless, I agree with you that it's the least ugly option available. Maybe making it easier for a developer to temporarily disable modernizr helps styling with the "prefer good styling with no advanced features" approach. The first blog comment somehow underlines the truth in this post: > You’re such a dick, Scott. Nice idea. It seems like a workaround for HTTP's one-request-per-file problem, rendering it useless once HTTP gets "fixed". Will this be useful once something like SPDY gets commonplace? Only his response to the AVS question in http://acko.net/blog/on-termkit#comment-4240 made me realise exactly how powerful this premise is. TermKit could become my OS of choice. thread tl;dr: boring post, let's discuss beer instead. don't confuse naivety with pr: she's talking on record there. barring a few nutjobs, i've the idea most politicians are significantly less naive than they let show. all security i've seen depends on the obscurity of passwords. There is no difference, except in how easily things are spread and cached and logged (i.e. the only reason to not put passwords in URL query strings) Socially awkward people are seldomly "clay candidates". > Ask me to reverse the order of words in a string and you'll get: "Words in a string".split(" ").reverse.join(" ") #=> "string a in Words" Which is, of course, the best answer you could provide. Unless you're applying for programming microcontrollers, that is. C has modules all right. A .c/.h file pair is essentially what many other languages call a module, and have all the problems that the modules in Joe Armstrong's fibonacci example also has. Wonderful how if something is long ago enough, expansionist powerplay and useless collateral damage becomes "truly magnificient". Unfortunately, they're not. Nothing here either (Opera 11, Windows). Seriously guys, Sproutcore is so horribly not-cross-browser that it's a joke. Please stop making sites with it. Didn't 236759 people already make this? Smells like vaporware. I never really trust it when people first make a blog and a domain and a fancy headline and a fancy logo, and write prose with lots of "will be's" and "will have's", all without showing anything substantial. I'll assume that there's a reason why you wrote "across a large number of browsers, including IE7 and IE8" in reply to a comment about Opera? I must admit I haven't checked right now, but at least a few months ago the site was all about how awesome Sproutcore is, but accidentally neglected to mention that there are common browsers on which it does not work. I had to install and try to use it to figure that out. IMHO this is a serious attitude problem; launch first, make work later. That's all right if you're open about what's missing, but the Sproutcore site makes promises ("it works") that it can't keep. This is what Microsoft has always done, and afair it's the only company to ever have really succeeded at it: make a piece of software accessible and understandable for novices, yet powerful enough for power users. Office has this. Windows has always had this. If any company can actually make something that works great on very different devices, it's Microsoft. Scala oneliners: "Multiply a list by 2" REBOL oneliners ( http://www.rebol.com/oneliners.html ): "Open a GUI, read web page, send it as email" Site seems down. If getting HN'ed already kills a service like this, it's not very reliable. Not something I'd want to depend on for this kind of service. Oh man, and I just coded essentially the same (with persistence through, for we need history) with CouchDB over the last 2 months. If only you'd have launched a bit sooner! ps. Maybe it's me, but 2 hours ago your site worked great in Opera, and now the design seems broken. If you changed some CSS, then that might be it :) If this works out, it basically also means Scala->JavaScript through emscripten ( https://github.com/kripken/emscripten ). Slow, probably, and probably with nearly impossible interfacing with the DOM and JS libraries, but still - pretty cool The current CLR version is definitely not at production quality like the JVM version, and afaik it never was. At a recent talk in the Netherlands, Martin Odersky also basically admitted that there's still a fairly long way until the CLR version is really at production quality, and even then it will probably keep lagging behind the JVM version. So surely you're right about intention, but that's also about all it is. Nice story. People still do this stuff by the way, for example in 4k democoding. E.g. how these guys put an entire world (+ music) in 4 kilobytes: http://www.pouet.net/prod.php?which=50063 ('download' for the Windows executable) Or use an email client with a horizontally split screen. Damn, I read "One of the coolest eruptions from Sun you'll ever see. This happened today." I was like finally, closures in java! Not sure which 'this' you're referring to, but my joke is now at 38 points. Does it really matter? They're just points. And don't worry, i'm still not able to downvote people :) We use OpenOffice at work. Aside what the others said, it has horrible automatiritis, worse that old Word versions. Example: I have a "Heading 1" style at 20pt, bold, italic. Start a new line at the end of a document, choose "Heading 1", OOo decides to make it 20pt, bold, but not italic. No idea why. Style setting is correct. Only fix is manually adding italic markup to the text. Just an idea, no clue if it has any value: I know that at least a fair bunch of US startups have teams that are highly geographically distributed, incl all over the US or even across contintents. Bandcamp, Banksimple and Stackexchange come to mind, probably many more. Can't you apply with companies like that and work from home? It gets you into contact with the kind of cool guys that you can't find in your area (which might help you stand the local folk better too), gets you some income, and gives you some additional purpose because you're working on a cool product. Seems like two erfectly sensible points to me. Why did people downvote this without even bothering to comment on why? Quite the talent buyout I'd say: they're actually convincing people to move to Palo Alto from Amsterdam . That's not particularly Mountain View. Surprising, too; If some BigCo would buy the company I work for and ask me to pretty please move across the pond, I'd reconsider inf times. It's kind of sad that the skill demonstrated here is often the most important skill of a programmer: solving problems with the simplest approach possible. unfortunately, many companies fail to acknowledge that the real superstars are these people, and not the people who'd say "ok, but i'll need a 3 person team and 2 months". Well, that's demotivating. I always thought that producing OSS was a matter of hadcking something awesome and putting it on github with a nice readme. Turns out you have to read a 300 page book first. That assumes someone has live access to your email. If someone has a recent enough dump (or simply a mail you forwarded yourself, because you didn't understand the security implications), then the "forgot password" button does really provide more security than login tokens inside the URL. Meh. The author implies that farmers are likelier to have no clue about computers than people who "would buy their fruit online". That's just nonsense, and it illustrates that the author has a very 1950's idea about farming. Farming in western coutries these days is about running lean and highly automated businesses on tiny margins. Virtually all professional farmers are comfortable using computers and specialized software. > Furthermore, when offering direct login links you are training your users to not remember their passwords. Come to think of it, that sounds very convenient. How about a security model that links an account only to an email address? This implies that anyone who can read that email account can log in. For many purposes, this might be fine. You could do without those nasty passwords entirely then. Logging in from a new computer without cookies stored means having yourself a new "log me in" email sent. Sucks if you have to open your email just for that, but then again, for some services, this might seldomly be a problem because of their email-oriented nature. > I might as well put my password on a post-it and stick it to my monitor. Hey, guess what my mom does. if you want to go to a link called "14 comments", start with typing "14". I think you get the blank stares because half the interviewees don't know what "pessimal" means. TL;DR: Author had a deadline to meet so he wrote about how nobody, himself included, knows whether or not Facebook will be big and awesome forever. Attached a catchy title for the pageviews that his performance will be judged by. i must admit i'm somewhat impressed how fast the hackers and cheaters managed to take over bitcoin trading. i think it's kind of cute. people hoped for an economy no government could control, and got exactly that: anarchy and a burning world. > Of course it might be possible that the computer of the person who sold the Bitcoin was cracked. But that's not the fault of Bitcoin. Just like it's not the fault of the dollar if someone mugs you at gunpoint. Except robbing someone typically requires you to take physical risks and (threaten to) use violence. I'll be very curious to see any effective way of tracking down bitcoin thieves. If you have to be a security expert to own more than a few dollars worth of bitcoins, the project has effectively failed already. > You should be willing to cut out features that aren't used. How about the features that everybody wants but weren't marketed / made accessible well? In other words, I think such a statement (as well as a fair part of the article) are too simple. How do you know people just don't want the feature, but can find it and understand it? The extreme example of this is an entire product. If a product has few users, because it has recently launched or was just badly marketed, does that mean you should cut all features, i.e. the entire product? Genuine (almost entirely off-topic) question: why the indirect link? You're only mad because you don't know anything about the company that used to own ING Direct (a Dutch bank called ING, currently heavily state supported because of over the top cowboy banking). if you can always legally access the book, which will for sure be available to you in that drawer, then the hotel key you stole must be a closure. A closure is the hotel room key that you kept so you could always access all items you hid in there, and the hotel personnel cooperating with the whole ordeal. Why the hell does this site need to be able to read my Twitter direct messages for me to be able to cast a vote? This article made me realize that to enterprises, what SaaS really sells is not the ease of (or lack of) deployment, but the disability for IT departments like these to control deployment at all. i liked the examples. a typography noob, this was mostly new to me, and made me think about how small things do really matter. Wait, I don't get it. The title is about laying visualization like music, and the text is about implementing game of life? Didn't everybody and their little brother do that once, on the then-current platform of choice? Then do a startup in Eindoven. On the international scale of things, Eindhoven is a suburb of Amsterdam. Or the other way around. People don't live in SF and work in San Jose much, either. That said, my underbelly feeling is that Eindhoven is getting a nice startup scene, slowly swelling, though mostly focused on devices and not so much on software. But in all honesty I don't think there's much of a difference. Whether my startup buddies make html5 apps or the next revolution in fitness machinery, we face much of the same kinds of problems. Addendum: I think Eindhoven might have near virgin hiring grounds. Thousands of brilliant people currently work at a small number of high-tech BigCo's, spending a week on fixing two bugs in 30M lines of unmaintainable C code (I'm talking to you, ASML). Some of these must know, deep inside, that things can be better. I think that a startup that grows a fair bit past ramen profitability has a lot to offer to these kinds of people. The biggest problem is how to get the word out. Are you going to post new Appsterdam articles every day now? If you approach someone in Dutch speaking with a (non-middle eastern) accent, people will switch to English without asking. It's horribly annoying really, learning the language (and thus really picking up the oh so important subtleties in professional and private life) is made really difficult this way. People often explain it as kindness, but it's really just plain rude laziness: for many Dutch people, speaking slow and clear Dutch requires a lot more energy than upspeed English. Let alone listening to and trying to understand broken Dutch. Cool stuff. However, something mostly entirely offtopic that I genuiunely wonder about: it seems everybody registers a .com just to make a HN post. What's the point of this? Why not post the same data on your blog? Paper.js admits to not supporting IE http://paperjs.org/about/ ). Other browser support is not even listed. I guess this means that it's not usable for most serious end-user apps now. This article surprises me. I'm Dutch and I always thought that in the US, everybody had super awesome broadband for nearly no money. Not sure why, though. woa, is that http://documentcloud.github.com/visualsearch/ in those screenshots? if so, wow for fast adoption. I don't think most posters in this thread realise how many flat-out nutcases there are out there. My girlfriend's 90+ year old grandma used to be occasionally harassed on the phone because she was listed as "Maria Lastname" in the phone book (in Denmark, where this is common). I can only assume that the callers didn't expect her to be 90+. The harassments stopped a while after she changed it to "M. Lastname". My conclusion: some people will go pretty far to get in touch with the other gender. If people want to hide their gender online, they should be given the possibility to. Please blame the messenger. See http://www.ilo.gw.utwente.nl/ilo/index.php?option=com_conten... for the M.Sc. thesis' conclusions. Notably: Students read the reading tests EMT and Klepel twice. Once printed in the font Arial and once in the font “Dyslexie”. The order was randomly assigned and in-between the reading tests an auditory task was fulfilled. Thus, the study measured whether Dyslexie reads better than Arial. Maybe Georgia reads even better. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2756870 Love it. I would like to be able to easily send thoughts to it from random places and devices, though. How about via email and/or SMS? I doubt you'll make an app for my Nokia anytime soon, but having to start up a mobile browser just for logging a thought will probably be a blocker. hmm, it's like twitter with only your future selves as followers. nice! You might appreciate what Jerry Neumann has to say about that: http://reactionwheel.blogspot.com/2011/04/advertising-fallac... Short quote: "In that case, if I put an ad in front of someone, and that person decides to click it, then I must be solving a very difficult problem indeed. ", but the article is best read entirely. Cool. Is anyone outside Facebook currently using this? At a quick glance, I like the focus on workflows rather than on features. Everytime I see an article like this, of this length, all to explain a single git command, I get the feeling that git (and all other decent SCM tools at that) are way too complex. It's well written and well illustrated, but I feel like I shouldn't have to read that much just to learn a basic feature of a tool that's supposed to exist to help me. Is this just me? Of course, the feeling is strengthened by the fact that I still don't completely grok git, but shouldn't a tool that's there to help me be easier to grok? I understood dropbox in 1 minute. I learnt TDD in 3 hours. Why should (distributed) version control be so much more difficult? I don't know how, just wondering if I'm the only guy who feels like this. I think it's a bit of a non-issue. It's really about time we get IDEs that allow us to hands-on manipulate the AST of a language, rather than edit text. In such an idea, displaying the That said, given that Scala doesn't have operators at all (just infix methods that are named with a series of symbol characters), isn't ← just implemented as an alias to I'm convinced that indeed it's worth spending more time to grok [git/hg/bzr] and really get the power out of it, but I just can't shake the feeling that somehow, it should be possible to make something with the same benefits that works much easier. I was hoping that maybe Kiln is exactly that, but from their promo-page all I can see is a rant about how cool DVCSs are, and not much about how Kiln makes Hg easier. There you go. What's a "branch tag"? What do labels do in "trees of nodes"? Mind, I don't mind tackling this kind of complexity when I do algorithms for getting something done. I'm perfectly capable of understanding what you mean if I'd really invest the time in it that I should. But why do I need to do such (relatively) complex yet abstract thinking when I want store a README, undo a mistake and then share it all with a colleague? True that, and that's what I do (well, I don't type that command but I right-click in Explorer and choose Git Commit, but I see your point). I guess the difference is that if there's something that Word can do that I want to figure out, there's good Help and I can get pretty far by scanning the menus. With git, good help exists too (in the form of blog posts like this article), except that the concepts are significantly more complex than those involved in making automatically numbered chapter headings. In short, to my experience figuring out how to do something non-trivial with Word is exploration. Figuring out how to do something non-trivial with Git is more like studying an advanced CS class. Argh, dah. Forgot that :) > It's one of the great things about Git; without it, you wouldn't be able to create commits from a subset of the difference between your working directory and HEAD. I never understood that. I can do this just fine even with TortoiseSVN. Just click "commit" and select the files you want to include in this commit. I don't see how I need to keep yet another data structure / piece of "state" in the back of my head for that. I definitely don't see why I have to look for an alternate career because of that. Am I missing something? I'm amazed at what people in the US earn. Seems like the Netherlands is a developing country after all. I'm rather certain that my employer rates me in at least what you describe as the "under 100k" range, but I earn 40k euros per year. Do you guys all go on holidays to Latin America 3x per year? And have six broadscreen TVs? And villas with seaside views? Or is a 1 liter bottle of coke just also 10$ in the US? The thing I liked about standard pace was that I had plenty of time to fail in boards of student societies, events organizing and an own company and whatnot. I always wonder a bit whether the people who skip years and study super-fast really know anything about the world. I once made a similar (but less real language-like) site to fool spambots on my now-defunct web consultancy's page ( http://www.resolution.nl/food if you care). The idea was that if a crawler that searches the internet for email addresses to spam would fill its DB with bogus, after which, hopefully, the spammer would simply dump that day's result in annoyance, including our real email address. Never figured out whether that really worked but it was fun to make. What did work, however, was fool a searchbot: The whole thing got me a very angry mail from a Dutch search engine team (ilse.nl) whose bot had been stuck on it for an entire day. I had no robots.txt (didn't even know what it was), which the search engine team decided was a really nasty case of lack of netiquette. Correct, which is why I laughed. Isn't the whole point of Lorem Ipsum to move the reader's attention away from the text? This text does precisely the opposite. What need does this solve? Their homepage ( http://www.veracity-scm.com/ ) lists a feature comparison chart, but that it has "user accounts" and "SHA-2" does not really help me figure out why I need this. Took me a while to figure out that it's only keyboard controlled. How about mouse input, or at least some "please use a keyboard" thing? I love how an article in a US paper about US defense strategies and US lobbyists working to get US politicians to make choices that only affect the US, is filed under international . > Ditto for a few shooting sprees in shopping malls. I don't know, the day after my neighbourhood supermarket was open like any other day. Sorry to nitpick, but is this guy really making a point that a site with a bland design ( = no rounded corners and gradients) isn't fun to use? Ah, right. Thanks for the clarification. I can imagine that sites appear to be fun to use, initially, because of a great design, but I really have a hard time believing that they really become fun to use. Like a game with awesome graphics and sucky gameplay, people play them for a day and then get rid of it. To me, the obvious use case is not bringing the .Net platform to Scala developers, but bringing Scala to .Net developers. At my company, we do a large majority of our work in .Net languages, mostly C#. Being able to incrementally mix some Scala code into this for additional productivity, especially in the areas where Scala rocks (such as distributed / parallel processing, or in-language DSLs such as Scala's parsing library), sounds like a big win. Support for C# generics is a must for that, though; you need to be able to pass List s around. Like other commenters said, the only danger is if the Scala guys would decide to stop supporting the CLR in the future again. > How does parallel processing in Scala "rock"? Actually, in this case I was mostly referring to the parallel and distributed collections. And stuff like coding a for comprehension that can be transparently spread over multiple cores or even boxes. I don't know enough about the actors stuff to make a good statement about it. Could you elaborate? (true interest, I didn't downvote) You almost make recruiting sound like a fun job! Thanks. Sounds much like a matter of taste then, though. I much prefer clicking a button over typing a command (f.ex. tortoisegit over git, explorer over bash mv/cp/etc). > Let me kindly remind you that every comfy house is built on ground first pioneered by people enduring hardships of camping. I think Bruce is on about the people who have a comfy house, but still choose to endure the hardships of camping. That, he feels (and I couldn't agree more), is more like masochism than like pioneering. For example, I really don't see why ' git commit -a -m "turd" ' is pioneering while right-click, Commit, check boxes, enter "turd", click "Ok" is not. Colour me impressed. I thought you needed fancy (relatively) modern stuff like Ruby for decent in-language DSLs, but clearly Bash can do the trick, too. I wonder how decent a programming language you could turn bash into using tricks like these. It's called "Software as a Service" for a reason. Hint: it's not "Data storage as a Service". The problem with PHP isn't so much PHP itself as the shares of bad programmers, libraries and examples out there. Awesome PHP is awesome. Wait, you can upload a .rb file to a random hosting provider and it'll just work ? Such a friendly response. The GP talked about "the given problem domains". One problem domain is simple, one-shot processing for plain old websites. Custom sign-up forms for stuff. Forms that email their data to some address. Homecooked personal-use search boxes that have "magic" functionality. All kinds of simple shit. These are deployed by FTP just fine. Another problem domain is deploying something to virtually any cheap shared hosting provider. These very seldomly have e.g. ruby support. Sometimes, for all kinds of practical purposes, you don't get to choose. The analogy fails because using XML is, often, a choice. You can't get around JavaScript if you want to make a decent web app. The platform dictates it. Or bzr lightweight checkouts? Quicker checkouts, less data on drive? He designed the app around this blog post. The actual checking out goes faster with SVN, nevertheless, because it's so much less data (assuming a decent amount of history). I'm not stating a preference, just facts. I love the idea, but I think the fighting-back tricks are a bit disappointing. I expected stuff like "uses its own botnet to ddos the attacker". Yeah yeah, stupid, not realistic. But redirecting to goatse? Come on. That's less exciting than a garfield comic. Excellent. Makes you wonder why browser vendors never improved on the usability of such controls themselves. I'm rather impressed that US states can, apparently, really make the case that protecting particular businesses against competing businesses is a "state function". What the hell? Shouldn't the exact opposite be a state function? Is this common in the US? (governments openly and clearly admitting to favouring A over B, because people high up like A better) It sounds like the direct opposite of a free market to me, and isn't that what the US is supposed to be all about? I mean, here in the Netherlands, we'd call that corruption and a scandal would ensue (which doesn't mean it doesn't happen; it just means that governments wouldn't admit such practices so openly). Note: I don't mean to judge; I just genuinely wonder how these things are viewed by common Americans. So why don't you just get a job? Much safer. A story like this gives me the impression that even if you want to clean the floor at Google, you need to know when to mergesort and when to bubblesort[1]. Why does Google find this important? Why do people who will not do programming at all need to know (relatively) low-level software optimizations? To be sure, if I'd ever apply at Google (which I doubt), I'd probably apply for a programming position and totally expect such questions. I'm asking about the non-programming jobs. [1]: not too far off though: http://web.archive.org/web/20050208031623/http://preacher.st... i don't get this. is it about a personal site? if so, how paranoid can you be? or is it about a professional site? if so, who not try calling a colleague? I doubt it. The next computing giant will want to sell in the US, too. Patent laws don't cover where you're from, they cover where you sell (or where you give away free stuff but make money from ads). You'd have to block all US visitors from your site to avoid the US patent system. I've been thinking about workarounds. Could a "I confirm that I'm from Malaysia" button do the trick? The text uses the term "research" with respect to Dyslexie. The only research performed was an M.Sc. thesis that showed that it is slightly easier to read than Arial. Symfony is a rather popular PHP framework; it is commonly regarded in the PHP community as one of the higher-quality frameworks (amidst many half-baked frameworks that cause serious problems once your use case moves past the blog tutorial). In terms of functionality, it's basically for PHP what Rails is for Ruby, but unlike many other PHP frameworks, it's been designed with the platform in mind rather than trying to force Rails' concepts into PHP, as a result if which it feels "just better". This has given it an edge over competitors, which is why Symfony is remarkably popular among the more professional PHP businesses. I think it's basically the only mature and popular surviving framework that dates from the blast of PHP frameworks that came to be when Rails got popular and PHP coders wanted that too. You sound like a PHP coder telling DHH to stop doing Rails 3 and get working on some existing open source framework instead. I know that HN is somewhat ignorant of the PHP community due to the large set of idiots there and the so not cool factor, but you're taking this to the extreme. Symfony is probably one of the most decent and most widely used pieces of open source PHP out there. > Everything is a Bundle in Symfony2: A bundle is a directory containing a set of files (PHP files, stylesheets, JavaScripts, images, ...) that implement a single feature (a blog, a forum, etc). That changes everything. Share your bundles between your projects or publish them in the wild. I have no idea whether this is novel, but it is to me, and I really like it. > it's a shame that they seem to be always running behind on standards compliance, causing all kinds of problems in daily usage. It feels a bit to me like you're reiterating a myth. I've used opera for 5 years and I've never run into this, afair. I virtually only get problems when devs use browser detection and then tell me that "this site does not work on opera". I've also had problems with sites that were just only tested on Firefox (used to be IE but the short-sighted devs all switched browser), but there it didn't work on Chrome either. Of course, this is just anecdotal evidence, but I think comments like yours are what keeps some people from trying out an excellent browser that does what you want and nothing else. The only thing that I think really rocks more in Chrome is its super-smooth and entirely hidden auto-updating mechanism. The article identifies a strong problem, but: > "This attitude is a natural outgrowth of our decision to operate education as a monopoly." Without any arguments to support it, the libertarian approach is served as the only solution. To my experience, Cake simply does not grow beyond their own blog tutorial. Maybe they fixed this, but last time I used Cake, for instance, if you were overriding hooks in the Model to e.g. change the data as returned to the view/controller, you had to do this different depending on how the data was collected. So in the same hook method of the BananaPeer, you either got a single Banana, or an array of Banana objects, or an array with a key "Bananas" which had an array of Banana objects. There was no way to figure this out except with a lot of testing. There was no uniform way to implement standard features and constraints inside the model. Cake was full of this kind of shit. It was, simply, horribly badly designed and to my impression only popular because its web site was pretty. The source code was horribly undocumented and the internal SQL query building process was a disaster. I love how the GPL lets people not have the features they want because of nonsense like this. It's a clear case for more liberal licenses. that first answer is basically pretty basic procedural graphics. There's a whole scene of people using smartly combined simple functions to create pretty and/or realistic shapes. Check out 'cdak', a 4kb executable realtime animation for a rather impressive example: http://capped.tv/quite_orange-cdak (video) or ftp://ftp.untergrund.net/users/ized/prods/cdak.zip (4kb windows executable) Since I've started to frequent HN, I've learnt a lot about stuff I wasn't initially very familiar with (mostly the non-technical stuff posted here). Recently, however, I find that more and more of what I read is slight variations of what I read before; I don't learn as much anymore. I think that this is not HN but me, and I think it's good. Basically, for me, it may very well be that reading HN for the first few months is launching, but reading HN for over a year isn't. Needless to say, it looks like I'm not launching anytime soon. > Basically it's the perfect SQL database for the times that you shouldn't be using an SQL database. Well, that comment resonates with me. I feel the same but can't support it well with arguments. Care to share what you would use instead? F.ex. to replace fopen() with like the OP describes. A bit boring, but Google comes to mind. I don't know, to cultivate a culture of absolutely not sharing sounds like bad business, to me. Sure it's good for each individual, but aren't you severely limiting the organization's product (let's call HFT software a product for lack of a better word) quality and competitiveness? I'm not talking about whether or not I'd mind working in such a culture. I'm talking about how ridiculously stupid it is to encourage such a culture. Isn't there some team of highly motivated, cooperative good engineers who are beating all the solo pilots, right now, somewhere? back at d-cibel industries, i only worked something like 10 hours a week. My experience is it doesn't matter much. The last startup I worked for had 4 women and 4 men (on average, over time; it varied a bit). I don't think gender was a significant issue to anyone. People were hired for their merits and treated as such. Is that so special? I think it's great that you're actively open to feedback and fixing it, but basically it means that you started out writing about stuff you, apparently, knew nothing about, so just assumed things. That sounds a lot like FUD tactics. The internet freedom camp seems to apply these more and more, seriously blurring the debate and screwing it over. Why are you doing these things? Why do you act as bad as the people crafting these laws? Why do you allow both camps in this debate to remove all truth altogether? I think 10$ for an obvious weekend hack is quite a lot. Aren't we all supposed to scream "non standard!!" like we did when IE added behaviors? The lawyer charges you once. Also, the lawyer charges you alone. Also, lawyers are overpriced, but that's another story. I'm sorry, but an article that starts with an authority argument as follows: > Bernard Hayes, PMP (PMI Project Mgmt Professional), CSM (certified Scrum Master), and CSPO (certified Scrum Product Owner). makes me not want to continue reading much further. To clarify: you become a CSM and a CSPO by taking a 2-day course each (well ok, there's an online exam, but you can look up the answers on wikipedia and pass). PMP is the only certification in that last that takes some effort, but it's totally unrelated to software and, thus, to most of this article's subject matter. My argument isn't about the article's main content, it's about its attempt to back up its arguments by listing certifications, but failing to do so because the certifications are meaningless. This is the internet. We tl;dr on little details like these all the time. My assumption is: "if the article's author thinks that these certifications give this person authority about what he's saying, then the author must not know what (s)he's talking about". Basically, it feels to me like the article says something comparable to "XML sucks because John Johnson, who studied Python programming for five days, said so". How am I a "reverse snob" for pointing that out? I learnt a lot during my 2-day CSM training. But nothing that makes me more qualified than you or my mom to say something about forgotten software engineering knowledge. Genuinely wondering how my pointing out that monthly subscription fees aren't one-time service fees deserves me downvotes? I like the idea, but it feels a lot like the W3C in the 90's all over again: solving a perceived problem with a standard instead of a product. Nonsense. I'm neither technically nor artistically top of the bill, I have no good clue about the "capabilities of modern computing", but still I've been an active demoscener (producing and consuming) for years. To say I don't understand why these things are impressive is, well, a bit weird. For me, it's simply (and only) freeing yourself of the limits of and replacing that by the limits of your programming skill and your computer's raw power. This differs per person, but in the winning Assembly demo shown at the OP, for instance, some people may find the sea-particle-system impressive for its technological prowess; i'm more impressed by how code, not keyframes, was used to choose where which wave flows. This also implies that I can find the same awe in watching Processing sketches, even though those hardly ever push the hardware limits. I love it. You spark an (imho) much more interesting debate: that of raw smartness vs pragmatic productivity. A colleague of mine (now hired) was asked to code a string compare during her interview for a .NET function. She said "String.Compare()". This puzzled the interviewers for a while. They asked her whether she could write it out, she said she didn't see the point. They ended up hiring her for other reasons (notably, references from trusted colleagues who had worked with her), but I still wonder whether that attitude worked for her or against her. That's my point. At work, I'd prefer someone using String.Compare() over some nasty hand-crafted for-loop with switches and things for all kinds of collation issues. Why would I ask something else during the interview? I love the GGP's solution for the same reason. If the regex is compiled only once, it may be only marginally slower (if at all), and it significantly improves readability and maintainability, and tremendously reduces the chances for bugs. I'd hire the him. I have the impression most Google-interviewers (and similar dudes/dudettes) wouldn't. I wonder why. Opera allows you to set the tab bar on your left (with little page screenshots) for years already. Works pretty well on large, wide screens. And not get the job, because it's likely wrong. Its gameplay sucks. This is because it was made by hobbyists who just couldn't bother spending any more time once the "omfg a good-looking FPS in 96k" effect had been accomplished. Kkrieger has all the problems that the OP highlights: it's half a game. I can't relate to this at all. Restaurants in my area have crappy sites, but none of them annoying in ways this article describes. They're just a bit old, or the text is too small, or the pictures are ugly. You know, the usual. Is this SF local news? If so, why is it on HN? But in a way, using the namespace like suggested is much more PHP-ish. After all, your class does not have sensible instances. There is not much OOP about it. Where there is something not-much-OOP about something, PHP supplies global functions (compare md5() to 5 lines of Java code) instead of classes. So, using global functions would. in many ways, be much more PHP-ish than using static class methods (which is more Java-ish if you ask me). Of course, you don't want to pollute the global namespace too much, so using the '_' namespace sounds excellent. I really like the idea. > If you want to defend PHP in any meaningful way then you can't just list things that can be done easily in almost every semi-modern web ecosystem Did you ever read Python's documentation? Or Ruby's? Or Java's? Show me one popular web programming language which has a full page, up to date, with examples and user comments and version incompatibility info, per function . Of course, it's just one point and I otherwise agree with your comment, but it's one hell of an advantage. Oh! Well, I must've missed that train (haven't done py for a few years). A couple of years ago, you had to get your info from a mix of a tutorial and a library reference, and most functions were documented with 3-4 sentences max and no examples. Hmm, that said, that's still exactly what I find on the official Python site (e.g. http://docs.python.org/library/stdtypes.html#string-methods - PHP beats this by lightyears with a single page with examples and comments per function). Which 3rd party thing should I be looking for? (genuinely interested btw - the docs is one thing i dislike about python, and maybe unrightfully so, apparently) In all honesty, what's the point of this? I understand the point of compiling to JavaScript simply because that's the only language that runs on the most ubiquitous platform in the world. Why compile to any other high-level language? Are there so many similar places where users are forced to use Lua, to warrant an extra layer? (with all the complexities such as debugging, a compile step, tracing errors back to MoonScript code, etc) Note, I'm not commenting about the language's choices. Maybe coding in MoonScript rocks big time. I just don't get why it compiles to Lua. Genuine interest: why is it so important to go public? What does your company win by doing so? I understand companies who need the one-time cash injection to stay ahead of competition. It doesn't look like you guys need that much. So what is it, then? Icons, in general, are overrated in my opinion. Only if an icon has a very clear meaning to all it can be safely used. Using an icon anywhere else is a big bet and starts with usability issues. E.g. whoever designed the play/pause/stop/previous/next buttons pulled that off, but it's a risk. I think a button that says "Save" is much clearer than a floppy disk. I think a button that says "Link" (or "Insert Link") is much clearer than a globe, a chain or whatever weird arrow you can come up with. I never understood why so much software has so many icons. I also think MS got it right in Office 2007+ with the ribbon, which essentially was made to enable "more text, less reliance on icons". I don't know any software that I find easy to use that relies on icons. I just landed and I can confirm that things are very bland here (and somewhat confusing). I agree! I also think compilers are ridiculous. You spend much more time tuning their output and learning their arcane options and switches and pragmas than you would need just writing ASM by hand. How about we've progressed to the state where HTML is the bytecode you don't want to see anyway, and designers can use modern tools to manipulate it? If the generated markup works, cross-browser and cross-platform (I don't know to what extent it does, but let's assume so), then what's the problem? For many purposes, optimizing the HTML nerd out of the process is a much bigger win than a 20k download (don't forget gzip) is a loss. I know this is going to get me downvotes, but I think the dogmatic "HTML shall be written by hand!!1" attitude all over this thread is just people clinging to the past. Oh well I also think vi is ridiculous so there :P I don't understand this move. To study at a renowned US university, you need to cough up a forture. To learn exactly the same but not get a piece of paper that says you did it, you can just take the classes online. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for free stuff, but I'd feel pretty cheated if I'd be attending Stanford on half my relatives' latest savings and they use my contribution to give it all to freeloaders. Note, I'm not against it per se, I just don't get it. Isn't this very unfair to the people paying the bill? Can someone explain the reasoning behind it so I can stop complaining about this? :-) I don't think you can put this out there any less harsh than this. Plus, all the harshness that's there is towards stupid journalists, not to the kid. And, well, they deserve it. > What Apotheker is doing is to change HP's business altogether. No he isn't, he's reducing its scope to the most profitable and future-proof business units. HP is one of the world's biggest enterprise software business. Yes, also before they bought Autonomy. They just also make PCs and printers and the likes, which makes consumers not know any better than "HP is a PC and printer maker". I see the sense of this, but I find it very difficult to accept. Anyone else struggling with this? Right, so a tiny measurement (relatively) is extrapolated to thousands of years? That's like standing at the beach, seeing the water rise and predicting when Europe will have sunk. I stand corrected. I vote yours as the best comment in this thread. Wait - is this special? Don't hundreds of companies do this? Given Google's excellent track record on direct contact customer support, I trust this will be an great step forward for the entire community! I can't wait for Finns to pop in here to tell us about the dark sides of this success. There must be some. For one, there's a tax rate that would make most Americans, and even most Europeans, choke on their latte. I'm not sure that's bad, but this article seems to neglect to mention that nothing comes for free. This isn't just "doing it smarter", it's also investing a massive chunk of money. Additionally, I honestly doubt it's sustainable. The example of the Kosovar kid with a language delay is telling: this will only work if there's only a few such kids in the school at once. With immigration to Finland strongly increasing over the past 5 years, the problem may at some point be more difficult to tackle the "traditional way" when, at least in certain cities and suburbs, half the classroom has trouble with the language. I don't think there's an easy solution to this. A lot of tools for (almost) the same job, it seems. I also like Zed Shaw's TNetstrings alternative: http://tnetstrings.org/ I like how it, indeed, is trivial to parse. Well, I heard that my milkman's aunt heard from a friend that Alex Payne said he would quit unless everybody moved over to become his neighbour! In fact, you made me wonder: how the hell do you determine that one city is better than another for "customer service hiring"? I don't imagine there's indexes for these sorts of things. Or education programmes for customer service people, at all. Or a single "best profile", even? Because every programming language's library does it slightly different. With the T, without the T, with or without the Z, converted to UTC or not.. Of course it's no rocket science to figure out, but it's work every time. Notably, JavaScript has no standard way to convert a Date to e.g. 2007-03-01T13:00:00Z. UNIX timestamps are worse because there's no hint about the timezone (should be UTC but often isn't), plus no space for milliseconds. Of course you can just *1000 for msecs and document that it's UTC, but once again, not trivial. Basically, you can't just convert a JSON string date into your language's Date(Time) class and be sure that it went right. This is a lot of energy wasted. The organizational and cultural changes needed to implement this list of steps are enormous. Massive . I really don't see how they could every become reality while managed by a company like HP. Changing software is easy . Changing a business is damn hard, doing it overnight straight out impossible. I doubt the OP realises what he's asking. it took me a fair while to figure out that this article is about multiple programming languages. Only in America could "what have you been doing the last 7 years?" be considered an insult. I consider it an interesting and spot-on question with, in fact, a very nice answer, too. Someone who can't deal with questions like that probably should never dream of becoming CEO of any company at all. You're asking that like it's special. Why is that? I mean, Python works great on Windows. Has an installer and all that; next next next finish. Package management is something of a hell (esp if you're used to ruby gems) but all in all it works fine. I for one, prefer win as a dev platform, no matter the deployment platform. That means if the language of choice is Python, I use Python on Windows. I always assumed that this is rather common.. Well, for Ruby, if your program complains that it needs "somelib", i do "gem install somelib" and it works. In my experience, this holds 100% of the time, on Windows. For Python, I have, afaik, 3 (and a half) options: 1) Use something called "easy_install". Installing "easy_install" is not at all easy, which means that the entire experience is somewhat, well, ironic. 1b) Something with "egg files". I never quite understood what these are or how to use them, but I believe they are somehow related. 2) Use something called "pip". If "pip" knows your lib, then all is fine, but if not, things are bad. Also, there are different versions of pip for different "builds" of Python, and I do not know which to use. Tools seem not to be able to figure this out for me. In at least one case I ended up having multiple versions of pip, installed through different means, because the one that came with Python (which afair is the case) was not the right pip version. 3) Google for the library to discover that there is an installer for it, instead of using one of the package manager thingos mentioned above. Trying to install trac on windows, I had to use all 3 of the above options (not 1b). I forgot what for what, but it wasn't trivial. As you can see for my story, which is probably full of incorrect details, I'm not an expert. But I'm no expert of ruby gems either, and when I use Ubuntu I'm no expert at apt-get. Why do I need to be an expert of all the four-ish python library distributions to be able to install a single program? I think that, these days, uniquely identifying oneself with just a single programming language is a bit like identifying yourself with a particular OS or computer. Most Windows users don't care much about this. They use Windows because it works best for them, not because they have t-shirts with Windows logos (or vice versa). The same holds for the choice of programming language. how, exactly is windows not developer-friendly? I'm a win dev by choice, so i wonder what makes you say that. I prefer VS over vim, TortoiseGit over remembering command line switches by heart, explorer over cp and F5 over 'make && ./myprog'. This is all just taste. But how is what i just described not developer friendly? Earlier results of this process at Eindhoven University of Technology included that "due to safety restrictions, the scientists were not allowed to eat the meat, which tasted bland". (sorry, lost the reference) The article has exactly as much information as its title. This article makes me wonder why Android, made by the world's champion of web apps, treats native apps and web apps so different. > Fun fact: The API being used has been deprecated for a while and, as far as I know, there is no alternative. Amazing that it works on non-Chrome as well, then! (opera, in my case) (also, hi! small world) Wait, it's invite-only, but you're doing promo on forums to get invites? No offense intended, but since I only want to be in a club that won't have me as their member, my interest just dropped. Nice initiative, but why try to hard to force a paradigm into a language that supports it badly? Kent Beck's more specific version of similar worries: http://www.threeriversinstitute.org/JustShip.html Lovely splash page. The feature list very much lacks a "supported languages" list. I know that the USA is the world, except that, well, it isn't. I like the pricing, btw. 10$ is an amount I'd be willing to pay for this (if you'd support Dutch). Uhh. I use _.map and co with objects all the time. It works fine. I don't see how it is any different from Maddy.map. What did I miss? Also, if the major difference is bugfixes in iteration, why don't you just contribute to underscore? > If you’re anything like me, you probably wondered why you were the only stupid person on the planet who didn’t intuitively get Git already. Spot on! I really thought I was the only one. I wonder what would happen if we'd take the git object model, totally as-is, and redesign a coherent set of commands to manipulate them. With simple and consistent switches, good command names (if at all possible), closely related to the concepts in the object model. Would that be very different from what git is now? My underbelly says yes, but really I'm not knowledgeable enough to tell. Any ideas? You're kindly assuming people never enter the wrong command by accident. Undoing a commit, for example, is very common and necessary, especially for beginners. > MBAs uploading django onto it Wow, your MBAs got skills ! Thanks for the in-depth answer. I'm clearly too noob to understand the "that the use of objects as hashes in JavaScript was inherently broken". I understand you disagree with this conclusion? Is there any URL to the discussion that I can read? And why do you disagree? At Asus they are now toasting champagne. I'm sure there are similar devices that make the same mistakes even for the login screen. For me, this article isn't so much about this particular device, but more a very clear and illustrative guide to how easy it is to get root access to many little linux-driven devices. am i the only one here who finds the whole "omfg, this is so amazing!!1" tone of this article mildly offensive? i mean, it's not like he has a self-levitating hamster or anything. Unless, of course, you already knew about lazy sequences. I can explain classes in 10 minutes and have the same effect. Assuming, of course, you've only coded FORTRAN. In fact, you picked out the part that I mostly found mildly offensive. He's treating his readers like "less smart than him". Oh come on. Everybody complains. All the time. Depending on who and where you are, you'll complain about hunger or about that annoying co-worker down the hall, but you'll complain. This is all right. I'd say that taking what you have for granted and complaining about what you don't is human nature. But it does not mean that people despise their lives. It means they like to complain. Asking people, as a stranger, about "their careers" gives them a cue to complain. This makes the results even worse. Note that this is just the bonus. The salary is not dependent on local living expenses, but on average income for similar work in the area (plus a little bit). Love it. However, I think that this does not apply to every situation. It's fine for presentations at conferences, or presentations designed to convince an audience of a certain view or standpoint. But if you've been asked to research a set of options for viability, for example, things are different. You'll need bullet-points with highlights, tables with totals, and conclusions that summarize the main differences. Such things are very well presented with slides. I believe that this is the kind of stuff Powerpoint was originally invented for. Similar stuff if I'm going to explain Coffeescript to a room full of C# programmers; I want examples, on slides. There's probably more examples like these. The moment you want the audience to make up their own mind (which option do I prefer? do I want to use Coffeescript?), you need to present facts, not just a story. I strongly doubt just telling people how cool Coffeescript's => operator is will get the point across very well. If my audience wants hard facts, I'm going to put it on slides, whether or not my CEO has a 3 slide rule. > You don't ever need bullet points. This intrigues me. How would you present summaries or pros/cons of options? I'm talking e.g. a presentation that compares various web UI frameworks for a to-be-developed project that involved multiple parties / departments. Not the typical startup situation no, but common nonetheless. I wonder whether all this would have been different if a ppt file (and similar) wasn't commonly called "a presentation" but e.g. "a deck". Weird title - nothing about this company seems French You're really kicking my leg here. I see your point and cannot refute it, but it feels bad. So someone almost ported Mustache. Makes me wonder: are the differences historical (e.g. the projects didn't know of it each other until well evolved), or are there good (C++-related?) reasons for the slightly different syntax? Ah right. I stand corrected. > In my mind, dynamic typing = bugs, interpreted language = slow. Ahhhhh! He explained why he changed his mind on performance, but not whether or not "dynamic typing = bugs". This would've been interesting to read about from a recent convert. This also means that opening the tar.gz does not work. Not knowing about the cheat, I'd want to try. My 7-zip choking on the file would make me download again. After the second time, my trust in Singlehop's transfer abilities would be very low - after all, files they send appear to get corrupted. That reply works for every place where someone criticizes any feature of any product. And it makes you look like a stuck up brat every time. Not very cross-browser, is it? Even the page itself lays out entirely wrong on Opera. It's a good thing that Silicon Valley = The World, because otherwise half this post wouldn't have made any sense. HN's "Who's hiring" thread, yeah that works. And I think the amount of hiring managers in the Netherlands who know Github is below 10. Sure, some years may fix this, but right now, the advice in this blog is painfully regionally specific. Nice geek porn, but the title and the premise is basically nonsense. EU politicians knew for many years that Greece was scamming things. Maybe not so much when the Euro started, but well before it all blew up. All kinds of circumstances, however (such as the need for Greece's vote on some other hot issue of the moment) made sure that no one had the will to really do something about it. Statistics is nice and dandy, but it doesn't help a dime in fixing the broken mess that is EU politics. ps. Fun trivia: if the EU applied for EU membership, it wouldn't get in because it's too undemocratic. Next up on TechCrunch: Larry Page sneezed! > It is far more readable than URLON but I find that it doesn't feel like it's a part of an url. Should it? That. I'm a relative git novice, and feared that the survey would not allow me to answer well because of that. The opposite was the case and I learned about possibilities and tools. Feedback: only after step 3 of the signup process I discover that "The Netherlands" isn't in your list of states. Of course I should've seen that coming, given how early launch this is and the cost of overseas mail, but still it's a late anticlimax. wait, so, in the US a programmer earns double what a doctor earns? The article lists $45,000 per year for doctors. Programmer polls on HN showed that $100,000 is little. What am I missing? :-) Right. Turns out I completely misunderstood every sentence that contains "resident" in that article, then :-) Thanks for pointing it all out. Does make his argument about the bad money bogus though. Nearly every other job is worse money than being a doctor (which is why he compared to investment bankers and the likes) In science, there are still such things are "good manners" and "common scientific practices", not all of which are directly incentivised. For example, every article contains references to other articles that helped create it. Every article credits all authors, usually in a particular order (which differs culturally per discipline). They're all fairly common sense, and there are many more. Some are listed explicitly as rules for journal or conference submissions. Some, however, are considered too obvious for that. These are rules everyone follows. People get frowned upon when they are not followed. Unfortunately, when these rules came to be, there wasn't that much code around. You can't print out your physics experiment setup. Additionally, every additional piece of info, be it data, code, or whatever, would need to be printed and shipped. This cost too much, which encouraged a culture in which only the most important parts, findings and a brief story of how they were obtained, were to be included in publications. But then the internet came. The whole world adapted, but science culture didn't. The internet allows large sets of information to be shipped along with papers. This does not just hold for computer science. Entire data sets of physics experiments could be included. Survey data, code, Matlab models, and so on. All this data is collected using tax payers' money, done for the greater good of the world. It makes perfect sense to include it all with the publication, online. In fact, it is criminally wasteful to make different teams collect the same data, or do the same work, over and over again. I think the only change necessary to make this happen is for a few influential publications and conferences to require that all data, code, etc is published online along with the paper. It can start in a niche subject area and expand from there. What Jacques (or anyone else) is doing to fix this system is yelling on the internet about it, so that conference programme committees and journal reviewers may at some point be swayed to add this little rule. A rule that makes sense, just like "your paper must contain an abstract" makes sense, just like "you must include references to all works you borrowed from or built upon" makes sense. Remarkably true. Anecdote: first real customer (a reseller) of a consumer product that involved cell phone apps, web services and custom hardware. He had to drive by his customer 3 times because our product failed 3 times (hardware failure, configuration mistake, error in the manual). Each time the phone rang at our office we were slightly afraid it was him again. Most of the times, it was. After it was all over and the product flew and the consumer was happy, the reseller sent us a mail about how much he enjoyed working with us and how we really cared about him and his customer. We had given him cause to drive to his customer, 100km away, 3 times too often. We expected an angry resignation, not compliments! The bar really is ridiculously low. Ok so why would one use a browser made by Big Evil Privacy-hating Spy Firm #1 and then install an extension to prevent logging by Big Evil Privacy-hating Spy Firm #2? I'd be very amazed if Chrome would not, now or at some point in the (transparently and unstoppably auto-updated) future, keep track of what you're doing, too. you,re forgetting about google adsense. google has been tracking you across the internets before fb even existed. > Varona et al. hypothesize that the shift towards more extroverted personality types is caused by a need for ever more collaboration among engineers. I don't believe this. Since when did a person's interest get determined by the need for a particular kind of skill or personality? 26% in a single MBTI type mostly suggests to me that the sample was too small or the research was set up badly. Another theory: the survey was done among Cuban software engineers. Now, I know terribly little about Cuba, but I do know that in some Eastern European countries, computer science is a very popular subject because programmers are in demand. Thus, becoming a programmer is a relatively sure-fire road to a decent career and a decent income. ExTJ types, maybe more than any other, may be very prone to carefully plan their careers as a matter of course, and listen less to what they want to do most, deep inside. So if Cuba is anything like Eastern Europe, this could explain a large amount of ExTJ types in programming On MBTI: you have misgivings about the test, not the type system itself. I did a bunch of different tests over my lifetime, yielding various results. However, in a group session where all the different factors were explained and 'tested' with examples, I clearly figured out that I'm ENTP. Don't do a test. Just read up on it and figure it out. (note that MBTI itself is frowned upon by most psychologists - nevertheless, I find it a useful tool in explaining the basic attitudes and actions of myself and others) I don't see how you can call this a subtle pattern distinction. MVC contains 3 words: 'model', 'view' and 'controller'. These interact completely different in "real" MVC and in most "MVC" web frameworks. The point isn't the observer pattern; that's just a tool. The point is that in MVC, only the controller talks to the model. The model in turn notifies the view, but doesn't know anything about it . In Rails & co, the controller knows a lot about the view. Also, there typically is only one view per controller. These limitations are not there in real MVC, because the controller does not know anything about the view. This nearly complete independence of the three components of MVC is what makes it good. Exactly this is what traditional web frameworks don't have. This article is so typically dork-disconnected-from-world that it's a bit sad, really. Any site that uses SOAP violates HTTP (use POST also for GET-style requests). Any site that has delete links (as opposed to buttons) violate HTTP (barring onclick ajax action, that is). The big mega bucketload of sites violating HTTP this way (GET having severe side effects) is the very reason offline browsing and prefetching never took off much. Every site that uses comet very much violates HTTP. This is no "message to the future to Mark Zuckerberg". It's just using the available tools for the job to their limits. Note, I'm just as much against the whole frictionless sharing thing as most people here. But the moment we allow geek nonsense like this to overtake the real arguments is the moment the world will stop taking it seriously. This is what happened to the net neutrality debate ("net neutrality"? who made up that term? how will i ever make my mom care about that ?), let's not let it happen here. Awesome wife. I'd say love, even more than Quake, changed the OP's life. Great story. Feels very tailored to classic websites. I have the underbelly feeling that for web applications with non-standard interactions (i.e. not just forms and buttons), you'd need more categories, or maybe different practices and rules governing these categories. Hm, cool. That shuts me up :-) Guess my underbelly feeling may simply be wrong then :) Duplicate: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3034573 HN really needs a trailing-slash-insensitive equality operator. This article tells me that i'm not modern because I don't use a Mac, I don't like zsh, I prefer Mercurial, and so on. Why isn't it titled "My brand new Rails development stack on Mac"? This kind of stuff always makes me doubt why particular stacks are the most popular. Wondering, is the OpenResty solution otherwise single-threaded-with-an-eventloop much like node? Ah right, I see. From the nginx wiki: > Unlike Apache's mod_lua and Lighttpd's mod_magnet, Lua code written atop this module can be 100% non-blocking on network traffic as long as you use the ngx.location.capture or ngx.location.capture_multi interfaces to let the nginx core do all your requests to mysql, postgresql, memcached, redis, upstream http web services, and etc etc etc (see HttpDrizzleModule, ngx_postgres, HttpMemcModule, HttpRedis2Module and HttpProxyModule modules for details). Is that talk-via-nginx-commands thing cumbersome in practice? I can't relate to this at all. I hardly ever run into the problems he describes. I usually just start Visual Studio, create a project, import some NuGet packages and off I go. (No, that wasn't a "my framework/platform is better"-rant - JVM IDEs + Maven can do essentially the same thing) Point is, I don't even know what autoconf is, and I like to keep it that way. Only a tiny fraction of us have to make Node/Java/.NET/Ruby+Rails+Rack+etc. All the rest can just go and solve problems. These tools really do abstract away from accumulated platform complexity. They add a little on their own (like $NODE_PATH), but that's on the platform level too, the level i don't care about anyway. I have npm, you know. Bold action is for sissies. We'll deal with the black hole when it comes! Thanks at least for responding. The other thumb-downers were too much in a hurry to, apparently. I know I'm not doing system programming. My point is that a very small minority of programmers is doing system programming. And if you're not part of that minority, software isn't at all as bad as Dahl describes. In fact, it got super many enablers for free, without many corresponding headaches, over the last 10 years or so. There are a lot of real decent high level tools. Most of the Java ecosystem is open source, btw, and it has comparably easy high level tools as Visual Studio / .NET. Eclipse and NetBeans are real decent and open source, and so are Maven and all tooling for the cool JVM languages (i.e. not Java). I don't think my point applies to proprietary platforms like .NET only. In fact Node is quickly becoming an equally cool platform. Big load of open source libraries, robust and dependable core engine, thriving community, excellent package management, etc. Nothing there to hate. I daresay Ryan Dahl hates software for us so we don't have to. The advantages of IDEs over text editors isn't look or feel. It's code quality. Especially with statically typed languages, good IDEs make developers significantly more productive. Programmers spend most time reading code, navigating code, understanding code. Much more than writing code. Unless you've only done greenfield solo projects in your life, you know this is true. IDEs have code navigation features and tooltips over types and methods. Features like this help a developer understand code significantly faster. Additionally, code occasionally needs refactoring. Most common are the real simple refactorings: A method might grow too hairy and need a split up, maybe a method's name does not correctly convey its meaning anymore, arguments would have to be reordered for consistency, and so on. In a text editor, you have to manually update all references to the changed method. All you can do is compile (or unit test, in case of dynamically typed languages) until all the errors are gone. This is cumbersome, error-prone and time consuming. Search&replace often creates more errors than it fixes. IDEs have direct support for simple operations like these. Larger refactorings are mostly compositions of smaller, simpler ones like I described above. Being able to trust the tool to have made the change correctly is invaluable in this process; it avoids a full unit test suite run after each step, and significantly speeds up major refactoring work. The end result is that a team that uses IDEs and understands its navigation and refactoring features find it very easy to increase code quality. A room full of vi users, not so much. A text editor user would prefer to keep things as they are and add new features instead. The cost of minor refactorings, such as method renames, does not weigh up to the gain. This gain is small in the short run, because the developer is actively working with that part of the code. In the long run, repeatedly skipping these improvements makes code ununderstandable. Also, let's not forget the "not invented here" syndrom. IDEs make it easy to figure out how to use 3rd party libraries and colleague's code with ease. Type the name of the class/object, press "dot" and you get a nice overview of the class's capabilities, including tooltip documentation. A text editor user has to task switch to the browser for docs all the time. If there are docs. Or read the source code that is being used. This means that for relatively simple operations (say, a Point class, a string operation, etcetera), a text editor user will often find it easier to just write the damn thing right now. Its easier and more fun that scouring the code base for something that looks like it. The result is low code reuse. In conclusion, correct usage of a decent IDE increases code quality, makes maintenance a blaze and keeps developers happy. Except the first week, when they're not yet used to the slightly odd UI. But if that holds you back, you're not a professional, you're a whiner. I admit that IDEs have most value for statically typed languages (which, for me, is the strongest case for statically typed languages out there). Dynamically typed languages basically have the problem that they can't get decent IDE support, ever. Which is why the web crowd keeps using TextMate and vi, keeps using Ruby and Python, and keeps writing increasingly unmaintainable code. Of course, because the tools available a decade ago were even worse . Hm, cool. They must be doing some internal type inference, insofar that's at all possible, then, in order to add such refactoring features. Thanks for pointing it out! How does it work for you in practice? E.g. does it help you what operations are possible on a function argument? (inside the function definition, I mean) Good point. I made the argument under the assumption that the team is, in fact, good. I know that that isn't a common situation. Bad programmers with text editors write unreadable code. Bad programmers with IDEs write slightly more readable code with autogenerated try..catch blocks that do the wrong thing. There's no real difference. Ah, now I see your point. I'm talking about code that survives for years. Not about making a new project every half year with the latest & greatest libraries of the time. There have been some rants about unmaintainable Rails projects here on HN the last months. It's those kinds of projects I'm referring to. His first point here really hit home for me. Indeed, people like Ryan Dahl hate software for us so we don't have to. Opposite for me. I never really knew whether to choose Mercurial, Bzr or Git and ended up using Git for everything because of Github. It's amazing that your comment got thumbed down, not up. All points seem perfecly valid, so it really must be the "Apple customer" reference that killed it. Sad. An acquaintance of mine goes by bars, small stores and coffee shops in his town. He tells them that he knows the neighbourhood pretty well, and that for the low, low fee of $400 a month, he can make sure that their store doesn't burn down or get trashed. It's cynical, reprehensible, and evil, but it's a pretty solid business model. Looks like someone at HN stopped an attention whore from attention whoring too much. Censorship, yes, but nice censorship. I'm sorry, but - what a nutcase. Silently accepts Stallman's years of nasty comments, cynical attitudes, world-wide conspiracy theories and downright condescension all through. Then Stallman says something unfriendly about god^H^H^H Jobs, and he resigns. Oh, come on. The problem with hardcore ideologists is that they always end up bickering about details with other hardcore ideologists. This is fine, and it's their right to do so, but from a distance it will make the movement they all represent together look like a bunch of fighting children. Any activist group that has ever made a difference in history has had leaders who were able to accept their minor differences and fight together for the greater good (until the fight was won, at least) RMS is entirely incapable of separating main points from side issues. This makes it impossible for him to make peace with people who are, in fact, on his side. How can you expect someone like that to ever gain the amount of support needed to really push a globally relevant point forward? The world of software isn't a village council. This man might have been a great programmer, but as an activist, he's a joke. > Activists raise consciouness of an issue, and he seems to be doing that quite fine Are you sure? Afaik, he's only reaching us, insiders. If you want to convince a non-nerd about using free software, would you dare using material that RMS produced? Would you show them a recording of him speaking? > Also, minor differences he's capable of - he's apparently given up on the hurd kernel due to the linux kernel being top dog, despite not fully approving of it. That's super fucking nobody-cares-about-that-shit minor. Really. Which kernel you use is not what free software is about. My experience is that with ridiculously much exercise, I can do with less sleep and still feel excellent. However, that usually means trading one hour of sleep for one hour of additional exercise. And I'm lazy, so sleep it is! :-) The thing I'm jealous at you US people for most of all (except those from Maine and Alaska) is the ability to wake up with the sun each morning. Here in Northern Europe, the seasonal differences are simply too large. A language that compiles to JavaScript really needs better browser support. Decent web apps use feature detection to provide graceful degradation for browsers from the stone age. Dart breaks this by making it impossible to run any code at all. I mean, "IE9 support coming soon!", what the hell? What about IE6? This isn't a CSS style or an animation library we're talking about. The lack of browser support implies architectural choices that will always make old browsers lag behind. It means that the generated JS uses modern JS features. If it would be easy to support older browsers, they would've done so already - at least to some extent. The fact that it compiles only to JS for the very latest versions of a small number of browsers gives me the impression that a lot of language/compilation choices are closely tied to these new JS features. This, in turn, implies that supporting older JS versions is non-trivial. Maybe I'm wrong, that'd be nice. Wait, I get downvoted and you don't? I wonder how this story would apply to the situation in many European countries; in the Netherlands, companies typically pay commuting costs. Of course this money has to come from somewhere, so effectively everyone's salary is lower, but my salary won't increase when I stop commuting. This only leaves the cost of time, but IMHO that argument doesn't hold; most people consider their off time to be worth less, when expressed in dollars, than their on time. It's the same reason why many people with good incomes choose to paint their own house rather than work more and hire a painter. Finally, I think the author forgets about love. If my dream job is 30 miles this way, and my partner's is 20 miles the other way, the total commuting will be the same no matter where we live along that line. I love all of DDG, except its speed (might be latency, I'm in Europe) Happy to hear that! I disagree. It belongs in the browser. Also, Opera has had it for years (right-click any form field and choose "Create Search" - no plugins or options screens needed) And put the tab bar on the left, making keeping an overview of 30+ ungrouped tabs no problemo! Hm. That's pretty cool. i don't understand this sudden focus on retirement. You could've had a nice programming job and done it for years with enjoyment I don't believe much in this. I think a large percentage age discrimination in engineering is well-deserved. There's so many people at any large engineering firm who at some point just start doing the same thing over and over again for 20+ years, protecting their little knowledge island, resisting new ideas and approaches. If these people lose their job and enter the job market, yes they are discriminated against. I call this "lack of skills and interest discrimination". I believe that in most working economies, this is allowed. Of course, as with anything, there's exceptions, but I'm convinced that if you keep investing in your own knowledge, keep exploring and learning, and keep figuring out what it is that you'd like to do most, you can avoid age discrimination pretty well. The few 60+ year old co-workers I have confirm this. The large amount of aged Software Superheros out there confirms this. True. Anyone knows that if there's farmland in-between, startups can't be on a list together. Ah. Around here we've always always called that poing. For "PrOgrammING" Surprise! Dart was actually Java all along! Short isn't equal to expressive. Making every operation a single character does not really help understandability, IMO. What a condescending piece of junk. It serves absolutely no other purpose than to make programmers who do grok everything mentioned feel good about themselves. Worse yet, programmers who could actually benefit from an article like this (i.e. programmers who shouldn't be programmers) won't understand it. E.g. "(Functional) Creating multiple versions of the same algorithm to handle different types or operators, rather than passing high-level functions to a generic implementation" - a bad programmer won't understand what is meant here, so he will simply skip over it and not get the hint. Finally, I find the notion that you can't be a good programmer if you've never really used Lisp laughable. I was equally confused about this for a while. With SaaS in practice being "runs on the vendor's servers", I think "CaaS" is a badly chosen name. I think it's ridiculous to thumb down the parent just because he misunderstood this. Someone is trolling you. Downvotes should have usernames attached, and cost a karma point. I never really understood the point of these editors. Isn't the whole point of Markdown that you don't need to think about layout until you publish it? (which is when you make a small number of superficial fixes and that's it) Am I the only one who occasionally gets a page full of Go Daddy ads on http://lamernews.com/news/1 ? I really disagree with the premise of the article that IDEs encourage copy&paste. Full screen editors do. IDEs do the opposite , by making it super-easy to reuse existing code through code completion and docblock tooltips. In a decent IDE, copy&paste is often more work than finding the right method and calling it. > "but now that i'm currently uninsured (i may do a follow-up post on finding cheap health insurance packages), i'm beginning to care more about my physical and mental health." This one really scared me. The author wants to work on his health for money reasons ? I know that money is virtue in California, but isn't this taking it a little to extremes? I find the idea to screw up your health because you're "insured anyway", well, disturbing. Not sure I'd take sleeping advice from someone with this attitude. I'm impressed by the amount of comments here that point out some (perceived) hypocrisy in the actions of Wikileaks or Assange. This isn't the point. I myself don't really know what to think of Wikileaks. I, however, do know that major banks and financial institutions find it perfectly okay for you to send money to all kinds of horrible organisations (say, the Ku Klux Klan, clubs that campaign for underage sex, Westboro Baptist Church, whatever you can come up with, and they probably have a bank account), but not to Wikileaks. I can't imagine how Wikileaks can be considered a so much more evil organisation than Stormfront ( http://www.stormfront.org/forum/announcement.php?a=63 , all cards accepted) that the first needs to be blocked and the latter does not. It can only be that at least this part of what Wikileaks is saying is true: Major banks and businesses, a scarily small number of organisations that control a large part of the world's financial transactions, want to control to who you give your money . This means that they want to control who gets money and what they do with it . This shit is NONE of their business, and the fact that they can do this without serious legal issues scares the shit out of me. I like to believe that western governments are out to serve their citizens and protect their freedoms, but I cannot explain how that fits with what these banks are doing and how the governments just let it happen. This has absolutely nothing to do with the nature of Wikileaks as an organisation. Really, this fact alone makes me want to send money in an envelope to Wikileaks, despite how ridiculous I thought Cablegate was. Edit: If Wikileaks were a terrorist organisation (blowing up buildings and people and whatnot), I'd understand governments to force a ban. Not banks banning them on their own initiatives, but governments forcing it. If you genuinely feel that Wikileaks is as bad as Al Qaeda and Hamas and the alikes, then I'll understand if you disagree with me, although even then I hope you agree that it should've been a government decree, and not banks solo-piloting their sense of morality. In all other cases, really, I can't wrap my mind around it. I would guess so too, but if you don't make that claim, even the most hardcore non-conspiracy-theorist can't debunk the argument. This is my whole point, and what makes me so angry/afraid: sticking only to the plain facts , the ones that are out there in the open, that everybody agrees on, you can still show that something is horribly wrong with what our governments are doing, without assuming anything beyond those plain facts. That's pretty unique, I believe. I believe that "everyone" just upvoted your first comment. A small bunch of weirdos disagree with you by vehemently agreeing with you :-) True that. Genuinely wondering whether it's investor bait. > is zero-friction undo even a good idea? Yes. It's the major missing feature for git. Novices spend more time figuring out how to undo their mistakes than anything else. If the undo has side effects (i.e. "if someone cloned this branch since you did the action you want to undo, stuff will break"), the tool should display that warning and ask to continue. Undo on local working branches only would already be a big help. Big bucketloads of business terms and concepts were stolen from the military. Tactical advantages, strategic initiatives, anyone? And what about the ranking system in your average BigCo? They guys aren't called Sergeant or General but in effect it's the same. There are many popular languages for which this is the case (C#, Ruby, PHP even), and I haven't heard anyone panic yet. The deal is that if you implement a property getter, you promise no side effects and fast execution (for some value of "fast"). If you don't do this, your code is broken. No clue why that got voted down. I think you're right. No coffee? :-( Java's anonymous inner classes basically work like closures, except that they require that you mark some variables as final and that you have to write a lot of boilerplate. My underbelly feeling is that xtend's closures merely compile to those. Often, such closures are enough. E.g. with Google Guava's predicates and filter/map methods, you can do with Java (guava + anonymous inner classes) what LINQ enables in C# (System.Linq + lambda expressions). The Java version has a lot more line noise than the C# version, however, which is what Xtend fixes. I love it. > The fact that Xtend can be easily translated to Java source code is a big sign that it probably won't have any dramatic impact on your productivity. It appears to be common Hackernewserthink that "productivity" equals "the ability to write code as fast as possible". Beyond the first few weeks of coding, you'll spend much more time reading code and refactoring it. What Xtend offers is an object model and type system that anyone with Java experience can understand right away, but with significantly more readability. This means better maintainability, which means a significant productivity increase once you're past the "hack away, guys!" stadium. Coffeescript has exactly the same major advantage over JavaScript. The point is that because CoffeeScript/Xtend so closely mimic their target language, there are no leaky abstractions, so no thinking-in-two-worlds headaches. Yet, the code becomes significantly more readable, which matters . These developments really are major. There's a reason so many more people use CoffeeScript than, say, ClojureScript or GWT. The only reason why the same wouldn't happen with Xtend in the Java world is non-technical: too many Java shops are conservative and afraid of change, even change as low-barrier as Xtend. They should've called it "Coffee", though. Eh. I was arguing the direct opposite. I have the feeling that you're just looking to pick a fight. The one-character variable names remove any value this snippet might possibly have for documentation or demonstration. > If you want to come talk to the MongoDB team, both our offices hold open office hours[2] where you can come and talk to the actual development teams. We try to be incredibly open, so please come and get to know us. I envy how all your (potential) customers are from California. I stared at the "welcome to the quiet place" sentence for 2 minutes waiting for something to happen. Lousy quiet place if I have to press space bar all the time, only to be rewarded with messages about how addicted i'm supposed to be to things. I tried it a few years ago, but I had a hard time getting into it. (Back then, ) its documentation failed past the obvious first examples, which meant that the authors basically assumed you already knew everything about how to write realtime 3d graphics on modern hardware and recent OpenGL versions. I'd assume that if I already knew all of that, I would've probably made some own code for it before, so wouldn't need Cinder for anything. Compared to Processing, Cinder's entry-barrier is orders of magnitude higher. Or maybe I'm just too stupid. :-) These guys sell 1.000.000-ish licenses of, say, $40 on average every month, with 25 employees (or something like that). Do the math on how much profit they're making. Now that they got bored of buying exclusive cars that match the Italy villa, they hired a filmmaker. Why would they care what an investor thinks about that? The message to customers is, and will be, "so many people chose these products, they must be good". It'll take years for that trend to reverse, and by then they can just fire the filmmaker, hire one extra interaction designer and make another nice product that they can make everybody want. I started last week and compiled a stable Redis 2.8 this morning. Nitpicking: simpel.nl is actually a word joke, because they sell SIM-only cell phone subscriptions. So in effect their name does convey more meaning than "Simple" does, so it doesn't really belong in your list :) I like the attitude, but can't help thinking that using a decent modern statically typed language prevents half of the problems that this article poses to solve to begin with. nice idea, but the graceful degradation also needs extra work if usability is the goal. On Opera Mini, for example, it's a text box. The javascript will round-trip to the server, taking several seconds. I'd much much prefer the dropdown. Out of context, i'd not even know what to type into what appears to be just a text field. You could consider this a usability flaw in Opera Mini, but it means a usage drop for many mobile browsers for sure. Java isn't the best example, no :-) For example, its checked exceptions basically force dealing with them all over the code (if you want a nice API without seventy throws clauses, that is). The equals example you're giving is horrible indeed. My personal favourite, which is C# at the moment, also has the "null" misdesign so you're right about that. Still, none of the duck typing issues exist (other than the null checking, which admittedly does undermine my point). Also, the IDE helps you do it right, which gives you more confidence as you write the code . Why is it that political journalists are critical, trying to turn every stone, and business/financial journalists treat their subjects with softer gloves than a teen mag does Rihanna? If there's one person in the Valley who you can ask difficult questions, it's Bill Nguyen. Instead, the author asks him about whether his wife likes the house on Maui. Funny - I went exactly the other way, from PHP to Ruby to C#. The .NET environment is amazing. Its open source community is really picking up speed lately, the framework docs are top-notch, and, most importantly: C# is a great modern language with excellent editor support - a unique combination (possibly barring F#). Java has good editor support (IntelliJ, Netbeans) but, well, it's Java. Ruby and Python are nice, but can never get the support for maintainability and refactoring that a statically typed language can. After my Ruby years, I never want to have to guess what I can do with an object passed to some method I'm maintaining anymore. And then I didn't even mention all the framework magic circling Ruby, making it even more difficult to understand what the code you're looking at does. The ability to type "varname." and get a list of what I can do with it is so powerful. I can use a (well designed) open source library that I just NuGet'ed in, without ever even looking at its docs. Can you write PHP without alt-tabbing to the manual all the time? Can you do it with Ruby? I'd even choose Java over Ruby for that if I had no other option; I'm no Microsoft evangelist. I'd probably do Scala if the editor support became better (which I hope it does), but C# comes pretty damn close to what I'd want to use Scala for anyway (closures, LINQ, properties, extension methods, even currying is no problem). > Given the dynamicness of PHP, the editor support may never be as comprehensive as VisualStudio/C#, Exactly my point. But indeed, you're right - used Netbeans for PHP a few years ago, and it was awesome compared to the text editor I used before (but not like Visual Studio with C# by far). Hm, I don't remembering the "for free" argument in your article :) (but might've read over) I completely agree with your point on learning other languages and frameworks, btw - the story on your journey was an interesting read. I'm just a bit staggered on how your journey ends with you choosing what I consider to be vastly less powerful tools (e.g. vim) when you know that there's tooling out there that, well, in my opinion is just plain better. If money is really the main argument, then, well, fair enough. Even then I'd choose Java, once again for the refactoring/maintainability support, but people have called me an idiot for less so I guess that's just me :) Thanks for sharing. Genuine interest: Mono didn't work for you? How so? Yeah, like at my firm we used to use capital punishment for motivation but then we were told that we couldn't because of the law so I became a libertarian. Not so fast. I heard God is in favour of SOPA. I like it, but I think he's fooling himself. If you want to lose weight, you need to take in less calories than you burn. Sure, you can increase how many calories you burn, but it'll make you hungry and, well, you need to buy a treadmill desk :-) The simpler option is to eat less. Of course, I know, this sounds simpler than you think. I'm just a single guy, so here's my personal anecdotal evidence: I gained about a kilo each year, reaching about 101 kilos this summer. Not huge, but not particularly thin either. (no clue how much that is in pounds btw). I decided to start eating less. I noticed, however, that it was very hard to resist cravings, so I needed rules. Now, being Dutch, both my breakfast and lunch are centered around slices of bread. That's just how we do it here. I'd eat about 6 slices, with all kinds of nice toppings, for breakfast, and then again 6 for lunch. This is a lot - I'd eat a full loaf of bread ( http://www.relouw-janssen.nl/wp-content/uploads/waldkorn.jpg ) every 2 days. So I made two rules: 1) Only 3 slices of bread at breakfast, only 3 at lunch. 2) No candies, cookies, etc while at work. Note that there is no rule 3: I can eat whatever I want for dinner. These rules aren't the "best" or "healthiest" rules; they're rules that are easy to apply in my current situation. You'll probably need different rules. Turns out I needed these to be simple, strict, and well-defined rules, for this to work. I tried many times before with all kinds of approaches, but I failed each time, and discovered it was because the rules were either too vague or too difficult to meet. I started with rule 2: no candies and cookies. Our office is littered with candies and cookies, so I needed to learn to resist, and I knew I could not do that if I'd just went from 6 to 3 slices of bread at breakfast. I managed this without exceptions for 2 weeks, so I decided to start on the bread. Breakfast was easiest, because I bike to work and then eat buns at work that I made the day before. I could just make less and there'd be less for me to eat, whether I wanted to eat more or not. Our office lunch has a walk-by buffet where you take what you want, so I could apply a similar principle here: take only 3 slices. Then the only rule became: don't walk back to the buffet. Putting a big bag/pot/jar of food in front of you while you sit down to eat is the killer. You'll have a very hard time resisting taking another batch. Take how much you think you're allowed to have elsewhere (in the kitchen, at the counter, whatever), take it to where you'll eat it, and don't go back to get more . No getting more. This really made it easier for me. Now, I computed that I'm eating about 500-ish calories less every day. On the male average of burning/using 2500 calories, this is not a lot. Results match this: over a bit less than 3 months, I lost just under 6 kilos. 6 kilos on 3 months is not a lot. Losing 30 will take a long time, and that's even assuming that it'll keep going as fast (which it won't). This is fine, however. Fast weight loss probably means you're not changing your patterns, but you just decided to suffer for a while. There's absolutely no point in suffering for a while. Change your patterns, and you'll be able to really get thinner, and also not get fatter again anymore. It'll be suffering in the very beginning, but your body will get used to it ! This is very important to realise. I do still feel somewhat hungry most of the day, but I don't mind anymore. It's not driving me nuts like it used to. My next steps are cutting back on dinner, too (using the "don't go back to get more" rule). I really think I'm on the right track here. On a slightly related sidenote: I can really recommend "The Hacker's Diet" by John Walker of Autodesk fame ( http://www.fourmilab.ch/hackdiet/www/hackdiet.html ). I didn't manage to do it, because all the heavy calory counting did just not fit my patterns ("is this hamburger 500 calories? or 700? how the hell will I find out?"), but the first chapters have some great info about what does and does not matter in weight loss, and why that's the case. There's a lot of bullshit out there about the topic, and the Hacker's Diet really helps cutting through to the core. Note: I agree with the other commenters about exercise: you should exercise, no matter what. I bike to work (20km a day) and go to the gym once a week, so I think I've got it covered. Just losing weight without exercise is stupid, you'll turn into a sissy who can't bend a ballpoint pen. The "Not Invented Here"-Syndrom at Google is absolutely baffling. I can't wait until they port the entire Closure suite to Go. Ooh, I love "what if" stories! Hey, if Turing had died even earlier , maybe the Valley would be in Germany! And I'd be eating pretzels and bratwurst. "Elite", that's when you can hack into the school's mainframe and turn on the sprinklers, no? ...I tended to scan the lane to the right for cars with foreign license plates. These had an immensely increased probability to switch lanes at 120-130 km/h when I was approaching on an otherwise safe/clear/free lane with 220-230 km/h. Hah! That was me you were braking for. Never realised that that's dangerous. Thanks for the heads-up! The author is forgetting the massive size of the search engine market. If Duck Duck Go can get even 0.5% of the market, that's millions of users. Essentially the same story as why Opera is still very much in business. It's complicated. Special price for you mister! Only 25 dollars! > If anything, it's a bug in mathematics. I heard the next release will fix that. I don't think "annoying" is one of the reasons why they don't do ads. Completely off topic question: the background song of the video sounds horribly familiar, but I can't put my finger on it. Anyone care to give me pointers? Right! Thanks :-) Cool story, and seems to make a lot of sense. It brings up one thing I've been wondering about for a while already - I've always found that CouchDB's authentication feels more "bolted on" than anything else, and this is a nice use case where it doesn't fit. I love Couch, but I'd have loved for the authentication scheme to be an entirely separate layer, more customizable and programmable, less "one per database, period.". Such a design would probably cause all kinds of other problems again, though, but I wonder to what extent this has been thought through. > Ultimately, the only way to know if functional programming is better for some problem you have is to first understand its fundamental building blocks. Without understanding anything about event loops or closures, you can look at http://www.nodejs.org and think "hey wow, that looks just like what I need!" Why can't the same hold about programming languages? Why do the functional programming aficionados insist that I get all turned on by a quicksort before telling me how immutability with remove all my multithreading headaches? I mean, F# for example, has a communication system (Agents) which I find really gorgeous on first glance. These help solve real problems, and can do something you can't really do well in C#. I don't get how a US body has to decide whether Dutch and Japanese research papers are allowed to be published. Soo if a university group can do it, then it's too difficult for North Korea to do? Ahh right. That makes sense. That said, I can't see Science (the magazine) being mentioned in the article anywhere - unless the "Science" in "Science Insider" and "US National Science Advisory Board for Biosecurity" refers to the magazine. Call me a cynic, but how is this relevant? Everybody knows that Node is popular. It's like adding "Rihanna scores #1 hit record" as a news item. I don't understand the monad because I'm too stupid, but I really really like Roy nevertheless. I've really missed static typing on Javascript and Coffeescript; little typos are so hard to find! Structured typing really sounds like the way to go for putting type checking into Javascript, and I like how, just like Coffeescript, Roy tastes a lot like Javascript otherwise - avoiding all kinds of leaky abstractions you get with less JS-like languages. Plus, it has a sexy syntax. I'd like to try this out in a real project. Is that being done already? i dont know where you're from, but your universities are RICH! also, it would make more sense to compare node to ASP.NET. Oh my god! There's people out there being unproductive ! If you really think that that's a problem, you must've had a terrible life. I'm too stupid. Care to elaborate? Should have been renamed to "Some Vim tricks for CoffeeScript writing". I don't understand anything about this. In the US, straight persons can't get AIDS and gay persons can? Or, what's the point? Anyone care to explain? It sounds like nothing but Alan Turing-style discrimination based on fairy tales to me (but I might miss a point. like that research that proved that being gay is genetic and the same gene also causes sloppy bone marrow) I think I like your comment, but I'm not sure because I didn't understand it. Could you (honest request), maybe try to rephrase it in a way that non-English-language-PhDs can also follow? Like, what is "supposedly immutable male sexual dynamics"? I understand immutable data, but not immutable dynamics. > our primary interface emulates a DEC VT100 terminal from 1978 Huh? I didn't know the DEC could run software like Visual Studio, Explorer and TortoiseGit. Whether you use an interface from the past or not is entirely a choice. Many developers apparently prefer it, and that's fine. I don't prefer it, so I use tools with a rather modern and well-designed interface, tailored towards developers. Good move. Reputation is far more important than people getting easy access to useful tools. Don't get me wrong - it's their fair right to shut down a site they own. It's just highlighting a particular set of priorities they seem to have. Great article. It made me realize that BSD-licensing really does mean "others can do next to anything with your code". So they can sell it (yeah ok, I knew about that one already). But they can also put it into a GPL project. Or mix it with tabasco and blueberry jam. If you don't want that anyone can do anything with your code, anything (as long as they keep the sticker that it came with), don't use the BSD license. > May be because India is a country of a billion people, even small percentages lead to a big number. So your chances of finding not so good developers are higher in India. Sorry, but you really should try and do that math again. Phenomenal quote: Just as Codd's discovery of relational algebra as a formal basis for SQL shifted the database industry from a monopolistically competitive market to an oligopoly and thus propelled a billion-dollar industry around SQL and foreign-/primary-key stores, we believe that our categorical data-model formalization model and monadic query language will allow the same economic growth to occur for coSQL key-value stores. In other words: "this article will move mountains". Let's wait and see! > I often have sex with Asian women Now I'm jealous! I'm buying this even though I've no way to play blurays. Somewhat off topic, but it looks like their blog has absolutely no link to the main site. I had to edit the URL to see what it was all about. 18 months of cash. That would take me about 180 months to save up. Are you guys all really that disciplined when it comes to saving up? Or simply earning way too much? > Also, what is the point on having a production quality Redis server on Windows? I (co-)run a small bootstrapped startup running on a Windows server. We're considering to use Redis as our primary (only) database. For us, the simple ability to run Redis and our main C# application on the same box, in the beginning, would be a big plus. It simply saves a server, and unifies our production environment to a single OS. Of course, it's just something relevant in the very beginning, and probably only for the non-valley-super-funded kind of startups. But it's this kind of stuff that might make us change our minds about Redis; if we can avoid doing system administration on two different OS'es for the time being, plus avoid installing two servers per application instance, then that's really a big plus for us. It allows us more time for functionality and less time for all kinds of admin scripting and whatnot. Of course, you could reason that we should simply switch off Windows entirely, but we really like C# and Visual Studio and we're productive in it. Also, it'd be great to be able to develop against a more "official" version of Redis then what we have now. Note, I'm not at all telling you what to do. I'm just giving you an idea why maybe it is useful to consider supporting Windows, using my personal situation as an example. Not every startup chooses Ruby or Node. Not every developer prefers a Mac. For the same reason I also humbly doubt the 99.99% number you quote. I think if you'd move to support Windows better, that number would decrease because organisations and people who run on Windows will now often simply disregard Redis as an option. Especially corporate environments (business IT for instance) are usually very heavily Windows-based. The same holds for nearly the entire "high tech" industry (software for machines, devices, factory lines - e.g. nearly any office-scale printer you can buy runs Windows, nearly all factory management (MES/SCADA) software is Windows-based, etc.). These are industries that could benefit a lot from the performance increases Redis could give them (by using it essentially in the same way as stackoverflow does). My bet is they'd often be reluctant to even consider it if it means training an entire sysadmin force for a new OS. And that's even disregarding the software vendors who (so oldschool) sell software installed by clients (f.ex. the factory line stuff). They want to make their software faster, they don't want to force their client to administrate an extra OS. Once again: not telling you what to do, it's your call (and I'm thankful for Redis no matter what). I'm just saying: mind the big jolly POSIX filter bubble; there's a big, big world out there, and a lot of it is very much not POSIX. oh, i'm sure they exist. there's no reason why a printer can't run linux. It's just that when most high end printers got UIs (mid to late 90s), Windows was the only decent dependable, supplier-backed option available, really. And since then the software evolved and thus stayed Windows-specific. Similar reasons for why most other industrial / high-end professional devices run Windows. Effectively, Microsoft has locked in an entire industry (and as long as their developer support keeps kicking ass, few in the industry mind this). Antirez makes the point that linux has won the SW deployment war. And, really, it hasn't, with the possible exception of web startups. A lot of software isn't standard SaaS web stuff, and a lot of software won't for a long time, for all kinds of practical reasons. Antirez, if you could try and imagine how Redis could be used in different environments (inside devices, as a component in 'end-user' business software, and so on), you might see why 'deployment' and 'servers' and 'the cloud' is not at all the only area where Redis might shine. It's your project so your choice, but don't neglect industries and areas simply because those involved in it aren't so represented among your twitter followers! I'm sorry, but I'm really not interested in the whole Linux vs Microsoft flamewar. It feels a bit last century, and, well, I doubt we'll be able to change each other's minds here. Some small responses to some other points you made, though: > And yet, when antirez says "meh, not interested, it goes against my focus", you call his response "bubble filtered" Thanks for pulling me out of context. I also said, twice even, that it's his fair choice and I just wanted to give him a different point of view that maybe he's underexposed to. We're all in a filter bubble. Considering "you're bubble filtered" an insult feels a bit, well, naive to me. > You guys are paying* Microsoft for the privilege of using their products. * I'd pay for a Redis version on Windows. > You can just run your C# code on Linux, rather than Redis on Windows. Mono really is that good. I'd love to believe that, and in fact I'm absolutely baffled how non-sucky Mono really is given how little support it has gotten from both corporations (MS included) and the rest of the open source community ("yuck, Microsoft!"). It's really awesome, all the work they did there. However with the tech we're using (such as, for example, parts of .NET 4's Entity Framework), I doubt we'll be able to move to Mono soon. > Could you help me imagine how Redis can be used inside devices, or as a component in 'end-user' business business software? (unless it employs a "server"). Not all devices are phone-like end-user devices. I can imagine a machine that produces something. It is full of sensors and actuators, plus logic that uses sensor input to compute what the actuators most be doing. Typically one would store some recent sensor + actuator decision data in RAM to calculate averages, do all kinds of computations, etc. Storing the same data in Redis instead gives you all that, but persistence for free. That's great, because it means developers / maintenance people / support people can always get a decent dump of what recently happened, without much overhead or extra work. The memory is the log. Elegant! Computer systems that control factory processes, such as SCADA and MES systems, often have to deal with large amounts of data coming in from many different machines. Most vendors therefore wrote what they call a "real-time database", even though it is not really real-time, just fast. Redis would be a great substitute for such a database. A high-performance multifunctional office printer has a large memory of jobs sent to it by many different people; print jobs, scan jobs, and so on. These often incorporate fair amounts of data, but the data processing speed requirements are very high because the printer is so ridiculously fast. I imagine that right now the entire job data structure is effectively held in memory and hand-persisted just in case the printer fails; people wouldn't want to lose their print jobs, would they? Persisting data that must be held in RAM for performance reasons. Hmm, where have I heard that before? I'm not saying Redis is the ideal choice for these particular cases. I'm just quickly braindumping some examples. I must admit I can't come up with a great end-user business SW example right now though. Maybe I was off the mark there. That said, as more business applications are moving to the web too, Redis would be very much applicable there. Many organisations (think offices, services sector) have their entire custom-built internal IT systems based on Windows. Much of this is probably a relic of the vendor lock-in practices that MS was very effective with a decade ago, but they're still there and as MS keeps supplying excellent dev tooling, it's unlikely to go away any time soon. Imagine a team of 10 sysadmins for a 3000 person company all highly skilled in administering Windows systems. Moving such people to Linux "just" to administer a Redis installation is impractical, and the company will rather disregard Redis for other options. > Hello!!! You are posting this comment where??? Apparently, posting on Hacker News now means "you're supposed to disregard the entire world except web firms, or else you don't belong here"? Come on, man. I said "linux" where I should've said POSIX. Sorry about that mistake. wth did i deserve those downvotes for? sorry for not perfectly designing an application from the ground up on an internet forum. people said they could not imagine use cases for Redis outside the web cloud stuff. i gave some examples in an attempt to help people's imagination. a decent response to my post would be to explain why Redis fits web/cloud only and why its design is a misfit for other areas by nature. all these devices could run Linux, yes. All webapps could run on Windows, too. But as POSIX won the webapp server war, Windows won the expensive machine war. also, you seem to very much want me to demand that antirez codes a windows port, for free, pronto. i never asked for anything like that. i was, and still am, only referring to antirez's conclusion that POSIX is the 99.99% platform for all places where Redis could the best fitting option. I was hoping for him to slightly adjust that conclusion. What he does with it afterwards is entirely up to him. > You sir, are apparently willingly ignorant. Hm yeah, it appears I am. I think you're actually right about that. Have you come to this thread to bash anyone who "admits" to using Microsoft software? It feels like that to me. I don't consider buying software from Microsoft to be "choosing a side", just like I don't consider buying Apple products to be choosing a side in the child labor wars, just like I don't consider buying a chocolate bar means I choose the side against slavery in Africa. If you're as hard-line as you demand, everybody becomes a hypocrite. > Cool. Don't be surprised that your choice of platform and tools, e.g. the latest-and-greatest .NET 4 Entity Framework, limits your access to other tools, e.g. redis. Life is a tradeoff. Completely true! Did I ever say anything to the contrary? There's a big difference between "There are valid use cases for Redis on Windows" and "I demand that Antirez port Redis to Windows, now, for free". I really only made the former point, but I have the feeling that you're passionately ranting against the latter. There's absolutely no need to teach me software engineering 101, and I'm not sure why you feel the need to be so condescending. When I design a new piece of software, you can be sure that I'll find my nails before I choose my hammer. When discussing whether hammer X fits nail Y, please pardon me that I try and consider that in detail before I dismiss the hammer at all. This entire thread is about whether it makes sense to support Redis on Windows. This discussion, in it's very essense, is a "we've got a hammer (Redis) that could be changed so it can be used on some more nails (db/persistence problems on Windows)". I list some Windows-heavy situations in which Redis may be an excellent hammer indeed. You respond by lecturing me. What's up with that? Once more, to avoid the standard anti-MS downvote: I'm not demanding a Redis port. I'm not claiming Windows is superior. I'm not claiming to some "right" to get good software for free on my chosen platform. I'm only pointing out that more than the 0.01% of Redis users that antirez quotes in his blog post could prefer Windows, for good reasons. One addendum: I see you and beagle3 involved in another argument with angersock, which is getting quite emotional. I have the feeling you two may be accidentally spilling some of that emotion over to responding to me. Could that be the case? I really feel like I've been getting a fair amount of fire here for writing things that I feel aren't that offensive or stupid. I can see that you may disagree, but I can't see where the heat comes from. In all honesty, I think antirez is a great example when it comes to open source developers who take into account needs that are more than his personal needs. In fact, the linked article even underlines this: he perceived a user need for a Windows port, took it very much into account, and carefully wrote a blog post about why he chose not to go down that path. I may believe that some assumptions in that blog post are too strong, but I very much think that even writing the blog post shows that antirez cares very much about stuff he's not personally helped by. So calling antirez "short sighted" because of this is, well, IMHO, a bit beside the mark. Oh! I appreciate the apology. Very much, in fact. Also, if you felt I was rude back to you at some point, please know that I did not intend for that either. (offtopic) Really, it's this stuff that keeps me on HN. The ability to shake hands and move on is quite seldom on internet forums. Kent Beck calls this the "Red Test Pattern". If you do test-driven development, check in your code, write one more test that fails, and only then stop working. Works wonders for me. Aiii, caught by the troll. I'll admit, you won. (offtopic) Genuinely wondering: I once said "fuck" in an HN comments and got 10 downvotes. Used some other form of very slight rudeness (often considered humour where I'm from), downvotes again. Assumed it was an American thing, tried to adapt. Now here's an article full of profanity, and an excellent read also because of that, and nobody complains. Don't get me wrong: I love it. I wish everyone on the internet would get their heart out so well. I'm just surprised HN digs it so much. Anything cultural I'm missing? 7-zip is also free, very easy to use, and fast. xz certainly misses the "very easy to use" part (an area on which WinRAR is also starting to lag behind) and, well, WinRAR isn't free (unless clicking "cancel" each time it starts up doesn't bug you). This is why I think that all in all , 7-zip is definitely the best Windows archiver out there right now. Maybe I'm stupid, but the linked article gives me the idea that JavaScript is requirement to be enabled to allow log-in. Is this true? I know, I know, it's 2011, but still I feel it's unnecessarily limiting. in addition to the other comments: this is why you need evolutionary database design. Damn. Got to this link from an HN twitter bot. Didn't notice I was reading a Sebastian Marshall page until halfway through. What's a "TA"? I always wonder about these startups whose entire business model depends on other startups. Isn't that way too limited a market to endure? Do these people even intend to live out this decade? An interpreter means a program that runs a program, straight from its source code. A compiler transforms a program from one format into another. decac does not execute programs, so it's not an interpreter. C#'s ?? operator does exactly that. `x ?? y` returns y iff x is null. In daily practice, I've hardly ever used it. I use early returns all the time, though, and the code becomes very nice and readable. I like the presentation, but for me it just underlines how it's smart to stay far away from Python. It's great that it's improving, but many other languages have a much better library/API situation than Python has had for years already. Will Python catch up fast enough? I like the list, but some entries are disappointing. Like playing mspaint.exe as audio - didn't we all do that when we were 14? I know I did. Yep, basically my point. But you're formulating it better :-) You still have to implement the inverse of the arbitrary operation, at some point, somehow. A programming language can't figure out what the inverse of open() is without someone somewhere telling it to close(). The point of the idiom is to have a library figure that out so that users don't have to. Therefore, Ruby supports it fully (there where API developers are sane, that is). > If this keeps up two years from now virtually everyone will be on IE9/10, Chrome or Firefox. And Opera. Come on guys, why the downvotes? It's might not be the brightest comment on HN, but what's offensive or bad about it? Just discuss! (upvoted to counter stupid downvotes, even though i don't agree with you) Huh? The GGP talked about trends. Opera has been at a stable 1 - 2% for years now. Opera usage doesn't appear to be decreasing much at all. I think this is an excellent move that fits with the current times. If I'm going to use a DB for production use, I want it to be well supported, well documented, easy to use, etcetera. Very few consensus-based projects I know reach all those goals. CouchDB sure hasn't entirely. If this move is going to improve on that, I may very well end up a Couchbase customer. > * (locally I've been smashed into teams still on svn ... on new projects)* Completely off topic, but: is this necessarily bad? Does the world stop when there's a centralized source control server? I'm in an environment too where people are sometimes reluctant to move to newer, better software (svn is an example, our bug tracker sucks too), simply because of the learning curve / overhead involved. I started out by being annoyed with this, until I realized that at the same time using modern SW development practices is really what matters (e.g. a lot of TDD, BDD, MDSD here). I can survive svn, but I can't survive the waterfall model. Same here. My impression is that the puzzle lovers turn out to be the algorithm geeks. You need a bunch of those, but I can't see how a room for of complexity analysis experts necessarily creates well-structured software. I'm an API design geek. I've never seen a cool puzzle about API design, or something remotely related. win! Genuine interest: why? I felt the same, until I realized that I also want continuous integration, preferably as continuous as possible. This means that if my coworker works on a feature that somehow affects what I'm working on, I want to find out now , not in a week after he merges his feature branch. If there's a single central repository anyway (continuous integration, remember), plus you want people to share with master/trunk/whatever after being under water for at most 2 days, the workflow when using git/hg becomes awfully much like the workflow that SVN enforces on you. When I realized that, I stopped investing time in converting my colleagues to git. I use git-svn myself so that I can stash, move files without `svn move`, do local commits, etc, and everybody is happy. But I may be missing a great argument. What? C# has closures but the CLR doesn't. For the CLR, it's just yet another object of some class, where the class has a relatively funky name. True about the new patterns, btw. I guess you'd need to port a jQuery to .NET first in order to be productive. Odd choice of name, given that http://boo.codehaus.org/ has been around for a while It's not an error, it's an exception. Also, the whole point of the original comment was to not catch the exception, but to have it pass down the stack, while providing safe cleanup anyway. I don't get this. Sure, the tutorial looks very pretty, but it does not explain any concepts. "Create a new repository." What is a repository? What do I do with it? The HEAD is a tree "which points to the last commit you've made". Huh? A tree can point? The one in my garden can't. Also, what's a commit? I thought "commit" was a verb, not a noun. And so on. It's nice that people want to make something as complex as git accessible, so I applaud the effort. Nevertheless, this just makes me feel like a moron for not finding it simple. After all, the layout and the pictures make me feel like I should find it simple. But I don't, so it must be me, right? I think it's tutorials like these that keep people on TortoiseSVN. Hmm, I'm not sure "having a little knowledge on an SCM" does the trick. Let's assume that I've used subversion for years (which surely is SCM). Therefore, for instance, I know that a repository is something on a server that can hold all relevant for my current team (we'll checkout a subdir for each of subproject). Also, I know that committing means sending a change to the server. I also know that I can lock a file and then nobody else can commit it, handy! The meaning of nearly all SCM-related terms in your tutorial are highly git-specific. Making an SCM intro does not really help that. You need to make a git intro. Can someone explain this article to me? If I understood it well, the author hates Android because Google made some deal with an American carrier. I don't exactly understand what deal that really is, he seems to imply that we all know that. I'm in Europe, where Google made no deals with carriers that I know of, but I'm genuinely interested: should I care? Should I hate Android for the same reason, whatever that may be? I mean, right now the closedness of Apple products is the only thing keeps me away from Apple. Am I being an ignorant hypocrite? I'm not sure why HN's duplicate checker doesn't find this, but: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1219065 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1618201 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1987621 Not sure about UK, but in the Netherlands, volunteers often get a "costs reimbursement". If you're a full time volunteer, that reimbursment may roughly equal a crappy salary. Maybe that's what Liz is getting, too. It'd be nothing like what she could earn in industry, but enough to keep a roof over her head and food on the table. And a Raspberry Pi in every room. Ups to you! I think (and hope) that we haven't seen the end of magnet yet. I wish the scientific community would start using magnet links for paper references, instead of archaic bibtex layouts combined with online publishers who charge 30 dollars without adding value. Isn't all this fuzz just Microsoft's history hunting hem? I mean, where's the Ars Technica article about how it's not possible to install Android on an iPhone? So unfair! Nearly all phones and tablets (typically the devices with ARM cpus, which must be Microsoft's reasoning too) only run the OS they came with. Surely phones and tablets with Windows on them aren't the exception. Full agree. That's what I should've said. Guys, why the downvote? Upvoted to counter. It was a fair argument. It's lovely how you confirm the common prejudice: 1958 - John McCarthy and Paul Graham invent LISP. Due to high costs caused by a post-war depletion of the strategic parentheses reserve LISP never becomes popular[1]. In spite of its lack of popularity, LISP (now "Lisp" or sometimes "Arc") remains an influential language in "key algorithmic techniques such as recursion and condescension.[2]" (from http://james-iry.blogspot.com/2009/05/brief-incomplete-and-m... ) Hm, given that Hackpad is based on Etherpad, wouldn't some credits be due? > This is such bullshit, I really wish I could downvote this sort of post. Don't forget that people might upvote a post not because they agree, but because they're interested in the discussion that follows. At least, it's why I upvoted the post. I hadn't completely made up my mind and arguments like yours convinced me. Yeah, because identifying the core of a problem and trying to do something about it makes you a hypocrite. I love the concept, but the tutorial somewhat puts me off (admission: I only read the first third). I mean, using an "element from a finite set" to index a vector? Back home, we use natural numbers for that. Idris also has natural numbers, but somehow we still have to, essentially, use the "finite set of values we don't care about, but that we can order if we want to since, after all, the set has a finite number of elements" concept for what's essentially an array lookup. Why can't there be a type of "natural numbers under N"? Or am I all misunderstanding things, and is the "finite set" exactly that type, just explained in a very not straight forward way? Also, impressively, the author claims it has C-style speed. Does that mean that looking up a value in a vector by means of an element in a finite set is actually translated to a single *(vect+index)? (in C-terms) That is indeed exactly what Fin is. The first n natural numbers is a finite set of n elements after all. Ah, right! I must admit that it feels like an odd definition to me indeed. I see how "the first n natural numbers" is a finite set of n elements, but I don't see how the reverse is true. I mean, look here, a finite set of n elements: {1, 1, 1, 1}. 4 elements, and they're all valued 1. They're also not ordered. So your concept of taking an element from a finite set (in this case, let's say, 1, or maybe 1 instead) to uniquely identify an element in a vector sounds a bit odd to me :-) Clearly, I'm the noob here, and maybe in this stage Idris just isn't meant for people not on Lambda the Ultimate, but if not, it's good that you intend do something about it :-) Cause once again, I love the concept, and I'd love to program with this. Oh fuck. Bags and sets. I'm an idiot! And that only 3 years out of university :-( > Also, it seems like his tracks are extremely simple (though, they still somehow are fairly good). This is very difficult. It's just as difficult as making a powerful API that's still extremely simple. Wait, Mercurial users start coding when they run into a problem with the tool? I always start googling and hoping there's a stackoverflow question about it that has an answer that I don't get. Genuine interest: Marco calls this a 'campaign finance problem', but isn't politicians submitting bills for money usually called 'corruption'? Why aren't the Americans really mad about it? I wrote the contents of freedom.txt on a piece of paper and put it in my drawer. That'll teach those Hollywood bastards!! I hate the factual inaccuracies in this post. For example, it says that Rasmus Lerdorf got the idea for PHP at a neighbourhood Italian restaurant, but Qeqertarsuaq has no Italian restaurants. Are articles with questions in their link-bait titles nothing but baseless speculation? Genuine interest about the doing this every day, also in the weekend: What if you got drunk last night? Which matters! :if => lambda { |(cond, thn, els), ctx| eval(cond, ctx) ? eval(thn, ctx) : eval(els, ctx) }, Seriously, any production code like that (very long line, cryptic variable names to make it fit better on said line) would get nasty review comments here. Why not put the whole thing a single line and have an even prettier page title? I think in the Netherlands, we've had this discussion a while ago already. Outcome: cities like Amsterdam have intentionally few parking spaces in the center, and they cost ludicrous amounts of money per hour. People living in the center either complain their asses off, or ditch the car. I'm not sure that this really helped people much. Ditching the car means you can't go visit your grandma in that village without a train station on the other side of the country easily. Keeping the car means everything sucks (super-expensive, no place to put it, takes ages to get from your house to the highway). Real solution: keep the car and move away from the city center, the exact opposite from what the OP is suggesting. Long story short, I doubt there is a simple solution. Back in those wonderful old days, everybody lived 2 miles from their grandmas anyway. (there probably are plenty non-simple solutions though) Ok guys, stop it already: > I know he’s a genius but the border between cocky and stupid is often paper thin. Kimble is no genius, he's just very, very greedy and has less ethics than most of us. He's completely succeeded in convincing people that he has, say, hacker skills, which he doesn't. Unless, of course, you think that convincing authorities all over the world that your a dangerous hacker, is genius. Nice related trivia: If the EU would apply to become an EU member state, it would be rejected because it's not democratic enough. Yes, that's a problem and yes, it'll take decades to fix. I really hope you're right about all this. Still wondering why there's no SOPA-style outbreak in any EU country but Poland. Maybe because we all, like me, just sit and wonder? This appears to me as a ridiculously good idea. I've no clue whether it's really novel, but to me it is. Anyone got a clue about the implications? Also, how difficult to do? (besides than the author's own impressions) Would it be possible make a more generic solution? Well, for instance in the Netherlands, we have a lobby organisation called Bits of Freedom, who are basically an EFF but less Linuxy. They are usually rather capable of causing a somewhat decent ruckus when nasty stuff happens, and they usually quickly get the support of at least the liberals and the far-right-conservatives (who are pretty consistently in favour of free and open internet though nobody understands why). Still, nothing about ACTA. Thanks for laying out the Polish case for me though. Most EU countries have a multiparty system with somewhat less buyable politicians than the US has in exchange, though. This might help. After all, why else did it take so long for ACTA-ish laws to show up at all? Or maybe I'm just naive (I like to believe that most of our politicians are selfish and stupid, but not corrupt) and missing something. Maybe it's because English isn't my native language, but I didn't understand half the worlds in this article. I mean, 'sedimentation'. What? I find this a bit odd given that the article is about understandability and accessibility for the layman. I'm very fond of an article called "Consequences of erudite vernacular utilized irrespective of necessity: Problems with long words used needlessly", won an Ig Nobel prize in 2006 ( http://personal.stevens.edu/~ysakamot/730/paper/simple%20wri... ). I agree that my being a non-native English speaker clearly makes the difference in this case, but "more of an educated style of writing" generally means "bad writing" to me. If there's a difficult ("educated") word and an easy word to choose from, there's absolutely no reason to choose the difficult one. True! This is why people invented type checking. Nice idea, but not very revolutionary. I mean, we already have Processing, which is the same but with time included, and which has significantly more interesting efforts in its gallery, if you ask me. I'm not sure what these people are trying to achieve - if it's to get more people into procedural graphics, an (even) more accessible set of tools would be warranted. If it's to create splendid graphics, better tools would probably be warranted (though admittedly I've only checked 10 pictures or so). On the programming-a-picture front: I always thought that this one [1] is particularly impressive (4 kilobyte Windows executable; zip includes a jpg for if you don't run Windows) [1][ http://loonies.dk/demos/bin/lns-burjbabil.zip ] > Normally, the launch of a new record label wouldn’t be the kind of thing we’d cover at The Next Web, I can see that. This is like a music blog covering the release of a NoSQL database. They just don't have a clue. There have been netlabels with free music downloads on the net since before mp3s were popular. The days that these only published amateur music of mediocre quality are long past. Many labels have had mixed free/non-free downloads for years, too (i.e. some releases are free, some aren't). ps. if I upload some mp3s to a wordpress blog, do I get to feature on thenextweb too? Offtopic, I know, but in fact I'm most interested how this guy becomes a VC 2 years out of university after being a telecom banker, and "advices startups". Does this mean he's nonsense (e.g. no startup experience), or am I missing something fundamental? Needless to say, deep inside I'm just jealous. Nonsense. For all international intents and purposes, Holland and Netherlands are the same thing. The fact that "Holland" originally refers to only a part of the country is really off the mark when talking to foreigners; many languages don't even have a word for "the Netherlands" and simply call it something that sounds like "Holland" (e.g. Polish, Icelandic, Malay, etc). Or, more often, there is an official word for "The Netherlands", such as "Alankomaat" or "Países Bajos", but nobody ever uses it, often does not even understand the word. I really wish my fellow countrymen would stop this nomenclature chauvinism. It's really just a symptom of an inferiority complex from the less populated regions of the country (traditional "Holland" roughly coincides with where the major cities are). Get over it already. (disclaimer: I've always lived outside traditional "Holland" myself) I expected much more from this, off the title. Look, Git is a major pain in the ass because it's designed to support every possibly imaginable workflow. The only way to do this is to just expose Git's internals, i.e. make users think like Git, instead of making Git think like its users. This fits the minds of kernel hackers perfectly (they think like computers do all the time), so there's your history-of-Git in a one-liner as a free bonus. The only way to make Git more usable is to make a frontend that carefully and in a well thought out way enforces a certain workflow. It'll be more usable for people who use that workflow, then (and, obviously, less usable once you want to step outside that workflow) git-flow [1] is a nice example of this. I'd love to see more examples for additional workflows. I'm also very curious whether it's possible to do this without leaky abstractions, i.e. to really have a team up and running that doesn't understand anything about Git, and only understands the workflow. Did anyone using git flow manage that? (i.e. have devs never touch 'bare' git) [1][ http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/ ] "Now Anyone Can Write Programming Tutorials" Nice move, but there's something about the article title that rubs me the wrong way. Ever tried codecademy? They teach by real-time evaluating your code. They just haven't built the real-time Ioke evaluator yet. I'm probably missing something, but isn't this race condition galore? As per the front page example: var news; waitfor { news = http.get("http://news.bbc.co.uk"); } or { hold(1000); news = http.get("http://news.cnn.com"); } or { hold(1000*60); throw "sorry, no news. timeout"; } show(news); This starts the first 'or' clause the moment the http.get(BBC) suspends, which it does quickly because http.get is async. Now, if the BBC get returns just after my hold(1000) has completed but before http.get(CNN) had the time to really launch the http request and suspend, i'll have done the CNN get for nothing. Of course in this case this only means a wasted request. But what in case of side effects? Cool living room! > Do whatever you want. Don't learn it if you feel it's too much effort just for nothing. Learn emacs instead. Or stay in your IDE using a lousy editor. Whatever. Why do all articles about how wonderful vi is end with condescension? Anyway: vi -> fast editing. IDE -> fast maintenance. I know which one I'd choose. The text editing features of an IDE is not why people choose to use IDEs (note: of course this helps best if you use a well-supported statically typed language - a Ruby IDE can't be as awesome as a Java IDE). Also, there could perfectly well be good IDEs with good Vim key binding support. This would be a wonderful mix of two worlds, and finally end this stupid discussion. I believe at least Qt Creator has a half-decent FakeVim mode baked in. That's not what the GP meant. He meant getting Vi key bindings in any imaginable text field. Oh! I read over the line that says that the author is actually developing a Visual Studio plugin to close exactly this gap. That's cool. Also puts what I took for condescension in a different light. Anyone used it? I might consider learning vi bindings decently if I can keep getting all the IDE goodness. Important background detail: the author is the Slovenian ambassador to Japan. not an (indirectly) elected politician. I think it is very courageous of her to write this, since traditionally ambassadors never publically reject their home country's domestic policy making. I also like it because it debunks my image of ambassadors as conservative seniors who prefer signed letters, LPs, and fax machines. I like it. It scares me a bit that the tool layout seems buggy on my Opera, does that mean that the output will be buggy there too? That said, what can you expect from a weekend project on a browser with >1% market share. Nice job! I'll probably use this. I doubt it'll work. HN doesn't work just because it's there, it works because it has a certain traction among a certain community. Building up such traction is very difficult, and I doubt doing so by adding a link to it from a non-Europe-focused site is going to help much. Lamernews looked real cool the first 2 weeks as well, and then it mostly died out. How will Hackful be different? I mean, I'd love it to be different, I'd love a site about hacker culture more focused on European issues, people and businesses. But I can't see why it'll work. Ah, right! Why not make an about page that explains this? For all i could know, you had simply put a homehacked version of HN for the kicks of it. This, again, differs very much from area to area and from subculture to subculture. I, myself, feel very European. In the hacker culture context, even more so, given that it's my way of saying "Not USA". We have multiple languages (impacts app design and priorities), a very different set of employment laws (impacts hiring approaches), a more laid back working culture (impacts to what extent VCs can get you to work 70 hours a week), and so on. All of these things are relatively common among most, if not all, European countries, yet very different in the US. Canada is, as usual, somewhere halfway. I love articles like this. All the dry analyses, the subtle counter-counter-arguments, that the usual tech opinion articles on HN have make me nuts. The little layer of emotion and drama added here gets the point across much better, IMHO. Of course it doesn't do anything but preaching to the choir (hi there), and not convincing anyone not already in the choir, but it's a great read! (and so is this thread). In other news, if you're voluntarily using a dynamically typed language and an editor without an integrated debugger, you're not fit for programming! I'm absolutely no expert, but if it's really about noise, isn't good noise-cancelling headphones a much cheaper investment than more walls? In a rant essentially about people generalizing and forcing their own world views onto others' words, the man sure likes to generalise and force his own world views onto others' words. Where I live you could sue your employer for that. Stronger yet, they'd get an unannounced visit from the work-health folks and get a massive fine. IMHO, you're taking the wrong approach. Make something you'd like to make, then find the tools you need for that. I mean, if you want to hack on your house so that it says "hey there!" whenever your friend (and not the mailman) walks in front of your house, I doubt CoffeeScript and MongoDB are going to get you far. If you want to make a social local web app startup coolness like the other kids though, then yeah, those are fine. My (8 person) team is currently developing software for a machine. It's the first version, in fact the machine hardware doesn't even exist yet. Instantly deployable code is, therefore, of no interest to us (currently). Things'll be different when we have releases out, installed in machines at customers, but for now, really, why branch? The author does not actually give any other argument for branching, except for "master should be instantly deployable". And even that problem could be solved in other ways than e.g. feature branches. In fact, we want to take continuous integration to extremes. This means that if I work on X and George over there works on Y, and we end up breaking each other's code, I want to find out as fast as possible. Not when my feature is done. Today. Less branching directly implies earlier feedback. We've yet got to hit the problem that people are really messing in the same code, big time, at the same time - after all, that's what the daily standup is for, right? Really, how would branches help us in any way? It's a great idea, but how is it a startup idea? Not every good project is necessarily a business. It took me a while to figure out that you're not Hungarian, but American (right?). Puts the comment in a rather different light, indeed. Genuinely wondering: it looks like there went a considerable amount of effort into the design, presentation and polishing of what's effectively a small programmer utility. Do the authors expect to somehow generate an income from this? If so, how? Btw ups for decent cross-platform-ness. Most of the tools in this space are either *nix-only or Windows-only. Didn't everybody already know this? I'm not particularly in Silicon Valley, but I really thought most startups work the way Joel describes, instead of with the fake Steve Jobses. Was my idea of the world too good to be true? I want this for beer. Oh come on boozehatemafia. I was actually serious. I do want this for beer. Being slightly tipsy is much nicer than being drunk. If UNIX gets language-aware tools that allow me to search-replace methods of a particular name (and not other identifiers with the same name), and if Vim gets autocomplete* that understands which packages/libraries/headers/assemblies I'm importing, then I'll seriously consider moving to UNIX as an IDE. Until then, I fully agree with you. * To be ahead of the haters: autocomplete isn't a trick for avoiding having to type some extra characters. It's a way for exploring an API you're only vaguely familiar with. I guess you need to be at least somewhat familiar with statically typed languages in a decent IDE to really appreciate what this can do to your productivity. I seldom need to refer to the API docs of libraries I use. Smart! But will it work without actually running the code? Will you be sure that the method which is available on the object now is available on each object passed to the method you're writing? Emacs != UNIX. The OP talks about awk, sed, etc. Emacs, IMHO, is much closer to Visual Studio than to bash+vim. I wonder what letters / blog posts / emails are written now that will make us look back in awe in 60 years. The .com doesn't make random US agencies able to look what's on the servers. Worst case scenario, they could block the domain. Quite a difference, I'd say. This is my reason for never deploying an app on anything that runs on e.g. AWS (thus incl anything on Heroku). It's like personally, directly, with no notification and no warranty, selling out your users to the NSA. Asking an ally for help and simply sending out a "please turn over that data, mr Zuckerberg" is quite a difference. One is top diplomacy, interpol, the whole shebang. The other is something plenty NSA people can do on a whim. Maybe I'm missing something, but doesn't my Android Honeycomb tablet have half these features? Quick access to common settings check , system-wide accounts, check , decent keyboard check (just install your favourite keyboard app to replace the default). Admittedly, the task-switching is awful on it though. Voila. 90%. (Two notes: 1: that's a reasonable average at least... sometimes better, sometimes worse and 2: I realize I'm not exactly sure what "Voila" means, looking that up now). If mailinator wasn't already awesome, his writing about it sure is. 2) is solved with HSTS [3]. You can contact me (@chromium.org) to be built in. There isn't a notability requirement. I don't understand that. If I serve http://example.com/mypage which has a link to http://mint.com/justin , you won't convert that to https://mint.com/justing , right? Even if example.com has HSTS enabled? Cause that would assume that mint.com has https, or else the whole thing breaks. Cause in that case a man in the middle can just insert links to other domains (say, http://examp1e.com/myotherpage when I was serving a link to http://example.com/myotherpage ) and still have the attack work. Like the GP said, only starting at an HTTPS page would solve this. But you're the expert and I'm not, so what am I missing? :-) Seconded. I love .NET, but I hate how MS's not-invented-here syndrome repeatedly (albeit unintendedly) kills great open source projects. (point in case: NDoc vs Sandcastle). Really hope this won't happen to Servicestack your entire point is based on that 10x productivity rule. it keeps popping up. Is it just someone's gut feeling turned into an urban myth or have real studies been done? Damn I envy the GitHub guys. They can send a mail to their users about SSH Keys and nearly all users simply understand it and get it over with. In any other business, the result of a similar mail would be an overloaded helpdesk, a significant reputation hit and a massive bucketload of competitor FUD. I've absolutely no D experience, but maybe others do: I wonder, if a nice and friendly library uses features like this to provide a fancy embedded DSL, would compile-times suffer? If so, by how much? Say, you could make something like LINQ entirely from inside a library using methods like these. Strongly typed ORM-ish methods that depend on the data model in use, even, maybe? Would that be too slow? Horrible. Do founders not care about their own products anymore? Or is this just forced-by-the-VCs? I don't generally mind when this happens with a services firm, or a tool with very few users, but Posterous? We all moved our Wordpresses there. True enough, we all got it for free so we can't complain, but I can't help feel that the Posterous owners let something lovely fly. Ahwell, no 10x ROI eh? Am I the only one who thought that Kernighan was yet another D (the programming language) convert upon reading the title? That. GPL is excellent for a "take it and contribute back, or pay my next holiday - either are fine by me!". It's a very fair deal. I'm not saying everybody should go GPL, I'm just saying it's great for many purposes. I came the other way from the open source zealots. I used to scream "viral effect!" whenever something was GPL, thought it was bad, bad, bad. Nowadays, when something is dual licensed GPL and commercial, I tend to become a happy customer. Typically, the long-term prospects are lot better than with BSD software slammed on github with a "here you go" note attached. No evidence, btw, just a feeling. The Quake devs just took the program, dumped the sources online, voila. Open source community built itself. It really depends on what you're making. If the software is popular, there's little need to help form the community, facilitate the process, and so on. It might help, but just dumping the sources online is way better than nothing. My conspiracy theory is that the majority of SaaS startups that get bought don't open source it for shame of how horrible their code is. After all, the only goal of their financers was a quick exit. You don't need pretty code for quick exits. This kind of pressure seeps through to the coders fast enough. Wait, Croatia has a well-functioning local economy and little corruption? Well, that went fast! Hey! Ho! Stop that. Nobody uses the word "Decoupling", I just learned that in the video. You must be pulling a fast one on me. > I'd love to just use one editor for everything, but the language IDEs (Eclipse, XCode, Visual Studio) are too good in terms of intellisense and platform integration to pass up for their respective languages. It's a pain in the ass juggling contexts, especially with vastly different keybinds in various editors, but it's definitely worth the pain when you're on a roll with something. That. The religious text-editor wars really hurt the discussion when language-IDE-platform combinations exist that really boost productivity and maintainability. In the same way, though, it makes little sense coding Python in Visual Studio. Makes me wonder if all the "My editor simply is best" people can code in more than a language and a half. And there was me thinking that the first real threat to bitcoin was already back when everybody lost interest. The same thing is true in programming: you have to start with interesting algorithms. Only when you understand them well, can you come up with an interface that will let them work. Taking software engineering advice from algorithm geeks is a mistake we've been making for decades over and over again. In my professional life, I've not had a need to engineer a single algorithm. I have had to make plenty fault-tolerant, maintainable and understandable control software, though. The same holds for most, if not all, of my colleagues. Common professional software engineering has nothing to do with sitting in a room on your own figuring out how to best store a dictionary in memory such that it is fast under insertions, removals and lookups. > The bottom line: If you have a .com domain name, or other at-risk domain names like .net, you are subject to US domestic laws and jurisdiction. I don't understand this. If you buy an American product and use it for business, you're an American? Except without the benefits? Isn't that like Taiwan (or, well, ROC) filing an extradition request when I use my Asus laptop to pirate Taiwanese movies?? Or like Miele dragging me before the German courts because I vacuum cleaned (loudly) on sunday? What am I missing? Is US law really this fucked up, or is the article exaggerating? In fact, most of european TLDs are managed in a similar way. Usually always a non-profit, with varying degrees of involvement from internet-related businesses. You watched too much James Bond. Learning any sufficiently foreign natural language (i.e. any that you can't understand simply if a speaker of it talks slowly enough) is significantly more time-consuming than for anyone who already knows one programming language to learn, say, C++ sufficiently to be productive in it. You're comparing learning a natural language until fluency with learning a programming language entirely . These are very different things. Most people make mistakes speaking and writing their native language. > Sometimes it's nice to provide a few jobs and make some bank. Unfortunately, with $17M VC funding, I doubt the stock owners feel the same. Nice article, but IMO it's essentially a software-specific version of the Belbin Roles[1]. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Team_Role_Inventories Starter -> Resource Investigator Architect -> Shaper Debugger -> Teamworker Finisher -> Completer Finisher Roughly. What I miss most in Jacques' article is the Plant, the person who thinks things over and then comes forward with problems, issues and risks in the chosen approach. It's, fortunately, a very common trait among SW engineers though, so I guess every team has at least a bunch. Am I the only one who misread the title and looked over the "off" part? try a daily standup. Or, as James Iry said on twitter a few days ago: Brogrammer is just short for B programmer My underbelly feeling says that this isn't very unique, nor novel (still good, though!) Admittedly I don't know the details, but I'm pretty sure that in the Netherlands a large amount of government levels have guidelines in place that state that 'if quality is equal, the open-source alternative must be chosen'. Companies such as Zarafa (open-source alternative to MS Exchange) have been able to grow and sustain themselves in their early years much thanks to these guidelines. Come on, seriously. A team of 20 ships a product and some junior engineer buys everybody a dinner out, incl all the bosses and their bosses? Yeah, OK, that's one way of making all your peers feel really awkward and uncomfortable. And wondering what the little suckup is up to. Serious question: how is sucking up to your bosses by giving them treats "trying to improve things"? Note, not trying to be cynical here. Maybe I'm so ingrained with this culture you describe that I can't see your point. Patrick said "Buy your team dinner". That's what I was referring to. Buying a round of drinks is a very different thing, IMO. It's perfectly natural and social behaviour in many cultures. Completely true, but Github still beats Codeplex by parsecs. i miss the lovely and extremely liberal zlib/libpng license. in short "here's the code, don't sue us". > I think I speak for most when I say that my reaction to this news is "expected disappointment". I never truly believed it was real, but I wanted to. Dearly. This was exactly the point. The guy is a movie maker, a story teller. By positioning it as real instead of a hollywood blockbuster, it got these emotions going inside a lot of people. Moving people is the goal of any story teller, and by doing it this way, and this well, the impact was much bigger than if the film had been called "My Special Effects work: flying like a bird". Neo does a lot more spectacular things in The Matrix , but it moves us less precisely because we know that it's all CGI. I say, a massive success. The only way to tell a more moving story is to tell a real story of something spectacular. This is what all the war journalists are doing - genocides and floods always do well on public TV. Essentially, you could call the Bird Man hoax the "good news" version of the same goal. Main difference is that the zlib license does not require you to ship the copyright from non-source distributions. It's essentially "I don't need credit, as long as you don't say you made it yourself". Legacy code is a problem in every language. Whether the language evolves, or just the common insights of how to use it best. In fact, C# deals excellently with legacy code. While, unlike the JVM, .NET is not binary backward compatible (allowing some excellent language improvements that Java still has not managed to pull off), it is nearly (but not entirely) source code backward compatible. Sure, this allows to old code using old constructs to stay alive, but it works . That alone is pretty unique, especially if you see that nearly any other language either does not manage to move its community to the next version with breaking changes (Python 3, PHP 6) or has tons of compatibility issues every time something changes (Ruby, Scala), or simply is at a standstill (Java). Having to deal with a DictionaryBase child class which was made before generics were added is way less of a deal than not being able to upgrade your software to the newest version of the language at all. Which is what would've happened if this was done like Scala. Or, if it was done like Java, we'd still be hacking DictionaryBase child classes. I'd maintain that no language/platform deals with legacy code better than C#. huh? what was not fit for HN about my comment? if you disagree with the content, how about your respond instead? They're called the downvote mafia. Little to do about them. Hm, hm. I guess you're right. Or, at least, I can't find any proof that you're not, so you get my benefit of the doubt :-) I take the part on Scala back. That's just not true. All the suggestions on the list make sense, and many like them have been added over teh past few years. To me it seems that all of them except the 'reference types that are not nullable' one could be easily added without breaking backward compatibility. In fact, I wouldn't be amazed if a C# 6 has sugar for tuples and destructuring assignments and the likes. It matches the language well (already got a type-inferencing compiler, already on the road to incorporating increasingly many functional programming ideas). And, well, in code you can already say var george = new Person(); But in property and field definitions, you still have to say Person george = new Person(); How is allowing "var" there a turning "C# into a different language"? Nearly the entire list the GP mentions are fixes on this level of complexity. The only reason I see for not doing things like this is to avoid becoming the next C++, in which there's just too many features and things to understand. It doesn't fit the language and the environment. ASP.NET MVC is way too much of a RoR clone than is good for them. C# programmers aren't used to magic: they're used to compilers telling them about typos. Convention over configuration is nice, but it's essentially the concept of dynamic typing translated to frameworks. It fits badly in a statically typed language. I'd have much preferred ASP.NET MVC to have less magic and, for instance, decent, controllable, IDE-supported and compiler-guarded routing. Example: in an action method, parameter names are mapped to URL parameters. This is horrible, I should be able to change the parameter name in any method without calling code being affected. Or, when this is not the case (e.g. when C# 4's named arguments feature is used in calling code), I want a compiler error saying that calling code can't find the parameter anymore. In ASP.NET MVC, I get neither of those things. I might have as well gone Ruby all the way, then. In short, it's brittle. Compiled languages have pros and cons, but if you're compiling anyway, please use all the pros to the max. APS.NET MVC doesn't, and that's a shame. It's still a nice enough framework, but it screams "missed opportunity", much like all those Java libraries that were ported over to C# back when .NET was new. Wow, cool stuff! I think code generation from inspecting source trees really is the future for compiled languages. I used to think that the only reason to generate code (instead of using reflection or interpreting some DSL) was speed. I missed how code generation gives you excellent additional features, such as more compile-time safety and, most importantly, excellent IDE support. Once my code is generated, I can talk to it from other code like it was a hand-written library including all the IDE goodness (API discovery through autocompletion, etc) that it comes with. I really hope they'll keep making T4 even more awesome than it already is. Combined with Roslyn, I think we'll get some pretty cool tools ahead that we can't even fathom now. They say it's for humans, but then explain the commands in terms of "normal git". This'd made a lot more sense for me if they explain for what particular workflow it's intended and how to use it as such. With examples and all.