" mind is formless, non-physical, separate from the brain ", well it can be reduced and explained in terms of the functioning of the brain. "Functioning" is not an object and cannot be encountered, to assume the mind is substance is the category mistake made, and why people leap to something non-physical: if it must be a substance it cannot be physical, for sure. As for "completely simulated", I do not believe that computers - as we now use them - are capable of "simulating" a mind. The mind is much more than symoblic processsing : it attaches meaning to information, creates relations between itself and the world, (amongst many other things). These phenomena are not information processes and cannot be achieved by Linear Regression (to characterize Machine Learning accurately enough). It is important to point out that any scientific explanation of consciousness is going to be unsatisfyingly reductionistic. Science significantly reduces experience to a "substance model" where everything can be modeled as substances in motion ... and thus the mathematical edifice which results is completely devoid of the vast majority of information which one acquires: the sound of the cannonball as it his the grass, its colour, significance, etc. The vast majority of our experience which we may hope to explain is discounted (necessarily so) in order to be scientific (predict what our next experiences will be like). There will be an increasing number of "explanations" of various aspects of mental functioning based on the structure of the brain, I doubt any of these will provide anything more compelling than what we have currently. There are "brute certainties" (brute facts) which are undoubtable and the starting point for all investigation, scientific or otherwise. This brute fact is experience, or more accurately, the world of signficance, relations, awareness, etc. in which the self as well as everything else is embeded within. Explanation proceeds as generalization, taking one aspect of Experience and generalizing to some general property of Experience: pens fall, all objects fall, all objects in gravitational fields fall. There is nothing we can appeal to in accounting for Experience itself: there is nothing else available. Explanation has to end somewhere, and that is the final - and only tenable - reply to the question of our conscious experience. Should we charge more for disabled people? Does any additional cost to a company mean that it can treat its customers differently? We must have a society where the equality of people is incontrovertible, and we make accommodations for the fact. That a thin small woman weighing 50Kg is worth the same as a muscular or fat person weighing 100kg. To ask one to pay more for a service because of what they are is unequal treatment. The people weighing less are charged more than they would be otherwise, so that everyone has the same price. But their arbitrary birth characteristics that make them under the average weight should not entitle them to benefit in "proportion" nor equally should the characteristics of another cause them to be disadvantaged proportionally. I would prefer a society where neither the state, nor private citizens, were able to reward birth-lottery success at the expense of birth-lottery failure. And im not talking about genetics. Being muscular or fat, a result of a series of choices (no doubt), is still a result of birth lottery. So you had a single mum in a por community that fed you cheap fast food? Do members disadvantaged communities (who are more overweight and unhealthy than the average) have their disadvantage compounded by being responsible for their parents and community? Sex is a vice? It's interesting how much Victorian baggage people carry around... even in articles on the Internet and the economy! Well there are many competing princilpes, and the way we prioritize them will affect the kind of society we end up with. I believe in this instance, the benefits of equality outweight the costs. If we believe that a "free" market would distribute prices differently so that lighter people paid less and you believe the free market price is fair . Then some small ecnomic harm is occuring, to those who pay more. The social cost of rectifying this small harm however is, i think, considerable. It makes transportation harder for poorer people and perhaps those that need transport the most. And so on. In this case, i think the $500 extra /flight can be distributed across the couple hundred passengers without much to-do. I've always been quite proud of having Darwin there, perhaps a commemorative note? I think his ability with English maybe giving the impression he was being flippant. If you remove implied meaning, it says only that "I know it was bad for the company, but I found it fun". That is really bad ideological myopia there. He refused to consider alternatives (for which I would adovcate functional design or something like sqlalchemy). "Actually I think this is an inevitable consequence of using a relational database - you either have to make your in-memory model more relational, or you complicate your mapping code." No its an inevitable consequence of trying to think with an object-oriented type system to describe a set-based data collection! In other-words the problem is attempting ORM: he's begging the question! I would expect better from Fowler, but it does go to show the futher into an ideology you get (heavily design-patterned OOP in fowler's case) the more you see design and programming problems as problem with OOP rather than anything more fundamental. I accidentally deleted the original submission. Yes, that's the standard compusci response, and that's why debates in this area are presently fruitless. I dont really care to know to what extent PHP can be written in first order logic, nor does that help anyone decide between PHP and Javascript (via Node), for example. With any philosophical project there are assumptions that you hold fixed and work that you assume "has been done" (or could be). Either way, I think there is substantive and helpful contributions to be made by forgetting where programming languges come from, by ignoring their syntax and by treating their standard implementations as worlds-to-be-explored. And if you like, the above statement is my starting point, and implicit rejection of the compusci approach which is to ask all the questions im ignoring. Oh it certainly lacks rigour. I was just outlining "an intention to be rigorous" to see what the response would be. There seems to be, so far, quite a lot of interest in this kind of project. >In the end, you can compute anything compuatble with any Turning complete programming language Well it's this defeatist position i'm arguing against. > you should be using some university ressearch language I'm largely a PHP developer / "architect" by trade; I'm not in the business of pushing Haskell onto CMS developers. I am interested in the programming language debate, and I'm not convinced "the market" is the best judge of what the most useful language is. That it happened to be, for example, the internet was coming of age during PHP's invention which gave us a generation of script-kiddes (98 - 06) seems to me an accident of history. This accident is being corrected by Zend Framework and corresponding language changes (06 - 13), so by today PHP is a language which resembles a pythonized java, rather than a javascripty perl. The market in this instance is doing precisely what has been recomended by the leading theoretical voices in this area: coming from Zend, Sympfony, etc. My intended contribution is to provide a conceptual framework in which to make sense of these changes, to advocate for these changes, and to compare potential changes. Mailing lists are abound with favorite features, I've yet to see a feature suggestion with a complete argument of the kind I would advocate. Though some of the very best do actually get 95% of the way there (ontology: showing the new feature in other languages to "get a sense of what it is"; epistemology: showing how to reason about it in different areas; abduction: showing how it represents problems better than current technologies): if you look at a modern high quality PHP-RFC today you're getting very close to what i'm proposing. The open source market of merit is putting these individuals in positions of power over the evolution of languages, it would be useful - i suggest - if we could have a standard which provides the means for establishing good arguments from bad arguments in this area. I agree 100%. I think however that there are two projects: the "phenomenalist" and the "instrumentalist". In the former part it's a group of polygot philosopher-developers waxing philosophic about the nature of programs and in the latter it's "briefs for lead developers". Whilst my inclination in being a Husserlian first-and-foremost is to engage in the former, I think the latter is definitely of interest. The third choice, and this is i think what you mistake my current project to be, is this "binary reductionism" or "symbolic reductionism" where DSLs are either 0/1s or predictate-object statements. I disagree with this entirely, and i think it leads to the current "chose what you like" defeatism. I would like to explore the middle ground for awhile, an "early heidegger" if you like. I think that's going to get a lot more traction in the implementation community. There is definitely a lot of space at this moment in time for some real substantive work in all non-reductionist areas. NB. i think my use of "metalogic" has confused at least a couple of people into thinking im talking about something CSy. Logic in the sense a continental philosopher would use it: a mechanism of reasoning. As I say in my "notes on terminology" i mean to include things like the domain/business logic. I think that, for example, that "a car shouldnt start with no fuel" is part of the program (the metalogic of the program, not the logic itself: it is part of what we need to consider to fully understand the progran). Perhaps i shouldve used "meta-rationale" or something. As I said towards the end of the piece the intention is to come up with an abductive process an, "inference to the best representation", a formalized method for deciding between languages. I am aware that there are various taxonomies, and perhaps I shouldnt have made the aristotleian comment because it was rather misleading. My intention was to take an honest (you may say phenomenological) look at programming languages: to have a system by which the idioms of the language, its communal metalogics, etc. are all part of how we assess a language. Not the reductionism of the "procedural-functional", pre-existing landscape. I guess my point in referencing this landscape was to point out how inadequate it is, and how there might be a more complex and useful way of reasoning between languages. My next article on the subject, which I'd imagine will follow soon, will certainly be slightly refocused and clearer. This is very much a just-finished-typing first draft that I put out to see what the response would be, and what the appetite for this kind of analysis in the programming community is. The surplus he's talking about is in the structure of the program: why is it that way rather than any other? Because of some meaning attached to the program, some "metalogic" (my terminology): a logic about the program which is not formally in the program but which nevertheless has significantly affected it. facebook is not written in PHP, it's written in a PHP-like language developed by them which is then transcompiled into C++ and then to binary. > It's the job, not the tools. Again, this is what i disagree with. There really is something objective, independent, and "true" to be said about the utility of various languages in various problem domains. There really is a language which represents the problem space most accurately, for example. It's just defeatism to suppose that "it's all the same, whatever works". Innovation is, of course, the opposite drive. It is at the innovative egdes of programming languages that these debates are had. If you arent part of this innovative edge then it may seem to you that the things youre using are just "market decisions", they are far from it. Every programming language you are using has not been created by the market, it has been shaped by the very debates i am talking about. The market cannot create languages, it does not improve them, the market merely plays out a baggage'd history which language-theorists have to cope with. This is why PHP has changed so much: it is the force of the people who engage in this discussion on the market, to drive it towards "better". reduction implies elimination of something. the argument was never that a program could become incomputable, but that it is much more than merely what happens when it is run A Follow Up: http://blog.mjburgess.co.uk/2013/05/notes-on-systematic-argu... I think it's more a "who we want to be" kinda thing. Kickstarter doesn't want its brand associated with any potentially controversial/etc. topics. Exactly. All you really need to know is how to accomplish things in functional, OO and procedural languages. The advice given in the article is very nearly syntax based, not conceptual. Which is nearly useless if you're going very far from C/++. If you're in a procedural language the questions is: what's the for-loop? If you're in an OO language: are there iterators, how do I use them? If you're in a functional language: what the syntax for mapping, etc. All this Gaurdian praise neglects the fact that they have had all of their exclusives handed to them over the past few years, from WikiLeaks to Snowden... and for no good reason other than that's who it was given to last time. If papers such as the independent, etc. had been given this information, im sure there professionalism would have been the same or higher. Outside of handed-on-a-platter reporting, the Guardian has massively cocked up in the past (leading to the arrest of sources, etc.). Does that have more to do with the G. pushing it as a "unique selling point"? I dont know what the press landscape would look like if the indie/etc. had been given the exclusives, but I suspect it would be the same in reverse. Journalists are particularly cynical people constantly chasing after anything that will get their by-lines in front of faces.. i dont think we're looking at a paper which has suddenly found its 21st C. political morals, but rather a paper that has suddenly found whistle-blowers queuing up at their door. All this Guardian praise neglects the fact that they have had all of their exclusives handed to them over the past few years, from Wiki-leaks to Snowden... and for no good reason other than that's who it was given to last time. If papers such as the independent, etc. had been given this information, I'm sure there professionalism would have been the same or higher. Outside of handed-on-a-platter reporting, the Guardian has massively cocked up in the past (leading to the arrest of sources, etc.). Their iPhone app is paid, so i assume their android version is... I wont say this list is worthless, but, given that there's so much missing or wrong... it's at best pointless. I guess their plan might be to be bought-out by instagram when they get popular enough. It doesn't sound like their livelihoods depend on the app though, if it didn't get many downloads in its first year. I looked this up several years ago as reply in an IRC argument. Before I posted the reply I went though an actually looked at many of the quotes in detail (because I knew my interlocutor would do the same - I had been burned before!). Disappointingly every one I looked at turned out not to be a "contradiction" at all - at least in the logical sense. But given the least charitable interpretation, could be construed as one. This isn't good enough if you're addressing well-read Christians (, and have any intellectual integrity). I clicked on one just now, by way of example, http://www.skepticsannotatedbible.com/contra/jesus_dad.html The contradiction concerns who the father of jesus was: Two "contradicting" quotes are: "Concerning his son Jesus Christ our Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh. " "When as his mother Mary was espoused to Joseph, before they came together, she was found with child of the Holy Ghost." There are valid interpretations of these two quotes. Talking about "contradictions" is pointless. What we need to be asking is, "what is the best explanation". The best theory of a non-historical Jesus (a greek euhemerized tale about a jewish demi-god) interprets the first quote about "god taking the sperm* of david" as god having used the sperm of david to create a demi-god called Jesus. The later story about him being born to Mary is a euhemerization. Historical interpretations "interpret" sperm to signify "part of a lineage"... that Jesus is descended from David somehow. *the original text says sperm, "seed" is an english euphemism I'm as cutting edge in the PHP community as any is going to be (having used the latest betas & community-best-practices since 2004). I still have serious doubts about PHP, and always insist to new developers should learn a (ruby/python/... clojure/...) too. The main problem with PHP is the language itself. There is no paradigm it does well. If you're into class-ical OO, then the language's type system is a joke (esp. with the lack of co/contra-variance in type hinting). If you're into dynamic OO, PHP's java leg-humping perpetually gets in the way. There is no meta-classes, monkey patching, etc. everything that should be dynamic is static. If you wanting functional programming... you have nothing. Literally. The best they've been able to do is a half-baked closure system. Half the library uses references (rather than returning meaningful data) so you cannot compose functions and there is no hope for any kind of collections system (lists, arrays, etc.) that support a typical functional manipulation. All you're left with is a "dynamic C". Add to this that PHP is designed to terminate immediately... and you're modern "daemonic" web requirements (concurrency, queuing, etc.) are completely out of the window. From the point-of-view of "web-scale" application development PHP is a broken toy: both in the sense that talented developers are hampered by it, and in the sense that its execution model is ill suited to the problem. I think we need to distinguish between "faking", "demonstrating" and "supplying". Faking should be reserved for literally providing false data with the intention that it's believed to be true, eg. the dating site example. Most of those examples were not faking anything. Rentoid actually supplied a serivce, though it wasnt "user-generated". Reddit supplied links their potential users would be interested in. This is a mixture of demonstrating how the service works, and supplying actual content to potential users. By way of contrast, what the dating site admins should have actually done, is ask all their single friends to sign up (and any other single people they could get their hands on directly). It seems a perfectly good and moral business strategy to generate your own content which is representative and useful. I think "faking it" is a bit more questionable. I was pointing out that undue author was overloading the word "faking" and in doing so obscuring what was actually going on and lumping together a lot of different practices. Well the "love interest" story is much worse. The stasi maintained the authoritarian political and psychological control over the german population through blackmail and spying. Invading the privacy of (innocent, or incidentally guilty) citizens turns the NSA from a national security agency into a secret police. > clitable I'm sure im not the only one that misread that. It does not rely on an implementation detail, that is how iterators work. He's just supplied the same iterator to a function which consumes iterators... that's exactly the expected behaviour. "I guess this'll be used mainly for function pointers"... first example. Said the inventor of rails... (...?) Take Home: IDE-style code-browsing for the web The poem is itself ironic... it's about Ramses III who rule c. 1000 BC and yet was famous enough that poetry would be inspired by him 3000 years later. or just federally cap tuition fees The scary thing here is that people are phrasing economic obligations in moral terms. You may get fired for doing something your boss doesnt like, that has nothing to do with whether it is immoral to do so. > It's unethical to act against the express request of your employer; ! whistle-blowing is unethical? They already exist (python, ruby, ...). Improvement is the only way the PHP commuity as the php community will progress. Having money or providing is does not entitle you to determine how other people live. Wealth entitles you nothing to deciding how society should be structured. You're having more market value than a janitor may give you the practical power to bully the people around you into behaving as you'd like - it's immoral for you to do so though. Yes, this is the economized vision of programming (as a trade). I'm sure it plays well in the Bay area. I'm sure its very "realistic" (that is, plays well within the current Standard Assumptions and Expectations). I personally wish to emphasize the creative aspect of all human activity, esp. programming. The vast majority of worthwhile and lasting contributions to society (, etc.) are creatively, not financially motivated. Financial motivation is the death of creativity and intellectual progress in general. Think about these statements for a moment, in particular the first which places a slash casually between "yourself" and "company" as though these were twin aspects of the same entity. > You become a detriment to yourself/company > Most people are seeking success in their business > focus on business success > you need to make sure you can cash in on that investment "Get Shit Done", that is, accomplishing projects is not a matter of equating your interests to the pure financial motivations of a hypothetical business. " If you want to build a ship, don't drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea. " This seems too profound to too grand for everyday matters, but it is precisely about a (then) every day matter: building a ship. When a researcher spends 20 years of their life on a single problem is it not their University they are thinking of, nor of the "business success". When might we again write programs for the sake of something ? And when might we take the writing of programs as an end in itself? The two ethical and aesthetic questions which this monetization of motivation completely obscures. Fine, he was mischaracterized and he replied. But jesus, > pg's response is actually priceless: it is like a soft-spoken witness upending a bullying lawyer who had just viciously attacked him, leaving the attacker reeling for all to see. What's with the almost cult-like reverence for this largely pseudo-intellectual entrepreneur? "pseudo" was a little strong. But if you have any serious familiarity with his "off-topic" rants, youll see he writes about issues glibly and with a severe lack of information. I dont mind "academic journalism", I do it a lot myself: write on difficult topics for a lay audience and maybe sacrifice a little accurasy a long the way. I think pg likes be seen making points more than he wants further understanding/truth/etc. > If you're under 40, I'm largely uninterested in your take on the world. pg isnt peddling his "take on the world". He talks about serious academic topics in a chronically under and misinformed way. My 50 year old plumber knows jack about Metaphysics, Quantum Field Theory or Abstract Expressionism despite - as in a Louis CK bit - his seeing a dead body "one time". If you want to have a fire-side chat with him - be my guest. But I ain't fetching the scribe because he's had a few decades wandering around. I seem to have been down-voted, maybe some dont see the problem. Here's a randomly picked example: http://paulgraham.com/inequality.html Randomish quote from end of article, "The problem here is not wealth, but corruption. So why not go after corruption? We don't need to prevent people from being rich if we can prevent wealth from translating into power." Umm... how about in a capitalist society money is the vehicle of positive freedom... to increase ones ability to do something on has to have more money. Therefore under capitalism there is always a fundamental tie between money and power. That's a small off-hand point. But if you have any serious reading on the last two hundred years of economic, political and sociological critiques of capitalism, wealth and power that whole article will just seem silly. I'm sure he means well. But it takes a certain kind of "pseudo"-something to think that this kinda hackney "thought-lite" material should be delivered at a major conference (Defcon 2005). If i were asked, on the back of my reputation, to speak on this, I would at least spend a week watching/reading/etc. as much as I can in the area. None of his achievements as an entrepreneur give him insights into philosophy, political economy or anything else he writes on. I granted him "entrepreneur" status. He can have "compu-sci" intellectual too. You can see my comment here on his pseud-osity: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6988150 to save repeating myself. > Which I say about very, very few people. Going by your personality as demonstrated here it seems you idolize intellect so when you "think he's more intelligent than" you you're going to put him on a pedastle. This may seem natural to you, but it comes across as fawning and misplaced. It's "amateur social science" in the sense that it's an "off-hand comment". I could write a 5k word essay on this very small point and make it respectable, I didnt because HN comment boxes are not vehicles of long essays. If pg's observations were confined to small discussion threads on HN i wouldnt have much issue. But he presented the article I mentioned at Defcon. And his "Essays" section are presented as essays, not "off-hand comments". > Why would you do that? I'm responding to the questions raised in the most convenient way. I'm not going to give a serious critique of the many essays which require it to make a small point about his blase approach to serious academic topics. Far too much effort to spend on a crowd whose faith in pg's intellectual status is based on his money-making ability. I agree that a lot of the time intellectual pursuits are misdirected ways of solving life's problems (though the worst culprit here is wealth acquisition, doubling the critique of pg here). There is a kind of wisdom that arises through knowledge of oneself and other people that comes with age. A kind of knowledge which helps you predict what is going to be worthwhile, etc. However we shouldnt fall into the trap of saying "academic persuits might leave you unsatisfied therefore you can be blase about them whilst discussing them". You cant dispense with the particulars of physics when discussing gravity because your interest in "the universe" owes to a unfulfilled religious need. "age" is a different category of knowledge and doesnt excuse or justify glorified amateurism in another. He isnt "echoing their thoughts" any one who has read Adam Smith systematically would know that the very first few lines of this are explicitly rejected by him. They're childish research-lite versions of a 50s-style classical liberalism. It is much the same as Ayn Rand another amateur philosopher who knew very little on the topics she was writing about. I dislike the "talking head" approach to serious topics. I dont think "giving your opinion" excuses a lack of serious research. Half-baked, under-informed opinion isnt truth or even the attempt to reach it; regardless of whether it is phrased with feigned objectivity. I wouldnt be too annoyed if he wasnt glorified by other $-eye'd idiots. > the most clueless people in those areas I know are tenured professors. Not about the subjects they research. That is the purpose of research. > are full of scorn for academia in general All of those people are academics par execellance. I'm not talking about business-ified institutional academica. I'm talking about spending a long time on a topic, researching it and thinking deeply, clearly on it before you offer your opinion as though it were valuable. > do a SPECIFIC critique of what he wrote somewhere I have on one of his essays, but I took it seriously to write that critique. The audience I would be targeting in a critique of the man (via a critique of his under-informed rants) are those who equate money with success and "money-making" with intelligence. I value my time too much to spend the amount required undoing that confusion. It isnt back tracking when at the time you made the comment you said it was an off-hand comment . It isnt "backtracking" to criticize a person for one thing while you are doing another . Jon Stewart criticizes news programs whilst his program isnt a very good news program. Fortunately he's in the comedy business. Equally, my off-hand comment isnt a very good essay but fortunately I didnt post it to an Essays section of a website and then go and read it to a conference audience. Political power is one form of power; political action are one kind of action. The point I made encompassed them. For example "the ability to be heard" increases with wealth: having your opinion be prominent in a democratic society is politically powerful and the more money you have the more you are able to finance outlets for your views. One's ability to make money - to have one's skills suit the market; or to be lucky - has nothing to do with the value of your opinions or how frequently/prominently they should be offered to the rest of us. pg doesn't even begin to engage in anything like this critique of inequality. I dont really think he knows anything about why serious academic researchers and writers have seen inequality as a serious problem for democractic societies. Because he hasnt spent the time to find out. I'm reacting to how he is treated and how he writes (playing up to this image of himself as a Heidegger). If we attribute his writing to a small time blogger who's writing on a few topics for fun then all of my critique looks insanely harsh. You have to put what im saying in the context of how his work is read (as some kind of obviously briliant religious text). It's the opinion of any academic philosopher who has ever reviewed her. It also has nothing to do with her individualistic/libertarian view - Nozick, for example, who shares many of the same conclusions wrote a detailed review of her books in which he exposed her arguments and philosophical analysis as barely at an undergraduate level. This is why Nozick and others are taught in political philosophy and not ayn rand. You can listen to a somewhat detailed introductory treatment by people well-read in philosophy here: http://www.partiallyexaminedlife.com/2013/07/01/ep78-ayn-ran... . One of her greatest sins is her perpetually trashing people like Kant whilst having no idea what theyve said - because she makes many of the very same points. pg does this too. I know his academic background. His article on philosophy cannot have taken "weeks" because it is so woeful. > It is not clear to me why we should care about the other standard of quality. Yeah, I think this is a fairly good characterization of pg's audience. I would need to go through many of his articles to expose their chronic lack of information. It's not a case of disagreeing, it's that others have disagreed and he hasnt bothered to make himself aware of how. This is no good for an "intellectual" idol. > It's a matter of degree. It has nothing to do with "degree". "Corruption" has nothing to do with the mixture of wealth and power: in extremely capitalist societies the Law codifies wealth as power (eg. Citizens United) and in extremely Socialist societies it codifies the opposite. "Corruption" is perceived to be prevalent in societies (eg. italy) in which the public and private sphere are blended and the Law tracks this lack of clarity. This is why its not sufficient to say "abuse of wealth" is corruption and we need to fix corruption. Because "corruption" is defined by and against the norms of particular societies and does not measure how much wealth distorts the political landscape. Americans do not see owning many news outlets as "corruption" for example, but it is arguably an abuse of wealth to gain political power and influence. To treat his articles seriously and engage with them (I have written about his essay on Philosophy before) is to give them too much credit. If i wanted to contribute substantively to this debate I would go and find someone informed on the matter and reply to a essay they have written. To reply to pg is to educate him. You're right. I shouldve emphasized the "pseudo" part had more to do with the gap between how people treat him and how he really is. The number of defenders coming out of the woodwork may perhaps suggest something. Whenever one writes something critical about pg or one of his articles you get many people making cultish appeals to authority, "what do you know, he's founded x/y/z" though this has nothing to do with his credibility on Q topic. As I have said elsewhere you have to take my comments in the context of his fawning fans. As a guy "writing about shit", fine. But as a guy who plays up to this praise and receives it whatever he talks about, he aint anywhere near the intellectual ballpark for that. I mean if he wrote an article about race and Cornell West wrote a critique, you'd have hundreds of people coming to defend pg on the back of the cultish Bay Area mentality. There really needs to be a JVM crash-course for clojure... I can understand the syntax well-enough, but I want to know what java libs i need/how i use them/etc. ie. when I have to "leave clojure". Yes... but reading api documentation isnt a tutorial. I was asking for a tutorial for common java api stuff. If a tutorial goes through some common apis then you can get a feel for how to read the documentation through a clojure lens. Well for a start they're misusing apachebench gnuplot data (which isnt time-ordered). And "compiled to php" is kinda meaningless, it depends what it's compiled to. There is no "native routing" language. For my two cents, if you're having to translate your solution into simpler code your solution is wrong. Strong AI is not a matter of "processing power". These pop-compu-sci guys are selling the 50s AI project which was already dead in the water upon invention (cf. Hubert Dreyfus' critique) but has since been realised by the compu/cog-sci people to be irrevocably flawed. Today the thesis that Strong AI is a function of processing power is snake oil or a result of a serious lack of knowledge of this area. The latter is OK for a layman, not for this kind of "expert". They arent definitionally "trolls" but they cannot be Using the patents (deriving value from their being patents in the fist place). So it's still a useful metric. I guess it's like a pyramid scheme where everyone knows its a pyramid scheme and believes theyre close enough to the top that they'll still profit. Physicists tend to be metaphysical sceptics on the whole, meaning that they arent really convinced that the implied objects (/particles/fields/etc.) of physical theories actually exist^. Merely that "something exists which makes the mathematics work". Seeing so many different kinds of math work for the same physical system tends to engender a kind of scepticism towards the "metaphysical power" of mathematics to imply anything ontologically particular about the world. Now, when it comes to results like this, they are interesting because it doesnt really matter if there are magnetic monopoles if you "just wanted to use a magnetic monopole" - you could create some in supfl. He. The point is that whatever system enables the math to work is irrelevant to what ever uses theories will have for this math. Of course it is still practically relevant, because a simple monopole experiment might be extremely expensive/difficult in Supfl. He. NB^: Pop physicists who wax philosophical on TV shows tend to be sceptics but appear "hardcore realists" for TV. Part 1 has, Part 2 is still in progress. I dont know if he'd complete all his parts though. Capote and Magnolia cemented him, in my mind, as one of this generations leading acts who'd mature into a Mirran/Hofman/Freeman/etc.-class actor. It's such a tragedy for film - which will outlast us all here now. Even so, this issue has nothing to do with a corp suiting a state. Any one can sue a state if its under some larger (eg. federal) umbrella. Google are suing France because they conform to EU Law rather than French law, and would like European courts to resolve the issue. Europeans arent as unreflectingly captialistic and "frontier"sy. Americans have always seen success in business as an crowning achievement. Europeans have traditionally found this kind of pre-occupation with monetary success somewhat crass or trivial. > Europeans don’t realize that if a company that went from nothing to connecting 7 million homes is not celebrated... That's total BS. You dont need a culture of fanatical adoration of business success for their to be successful businesses. > if a company ... is not celebrated ... we will not get young Europeans on the right track It really worrisome how these people have to go around reminding everyone how amazing they are. I think our children will do just fine without being propagandised by self-aggrandizing money-chasers. You have this thing called "The American Dream" and you have an entire cultural history tied to self-motivation, entrepreneurship and "pushing the frontier"... Clearly every single american isnt subject to the same cultural pre-occupations, that's absurd. But there are only certain cultural phenomena possible in one place or another. A right-wing party in the UK could not even begin to use any of the ideas or rhetoric of the republican party - they'd be widespread revulsion. We dont sing our national anthem in the UK, we dont "pleg" anything, we dont consider our country "Exceptional" (hence American Exceptionalism). There hasnt been the suggestion that our prime minister is impotent for not interfering in Ukraine, at least, nothing like the inferiority-complex about Obama's lack of big-dickery. The idea that the west is culturally homogenous is "Bullshit". As compared to anywhere in europe, americans are vastly more market-oriented, mistrustful of government, approving of business success, etc. It is simply the case, insofar as I can see, that "business" isnt really a dream of any kind in europe. People dont grow up wanting to run/own/be in business in anyway, we dont really have an "explorer"/inventor dreams either. A considerable amount has been written by the european experience of america and an almost ubquitious theme in the accounts is "the feeling of unlimited possibility", an ostentatiousness and pre-occupation with wealth, etc. > Are you implying that the sort of people who assume the degree .... are merely "self-aggrandizing money-chasers?" Yes. That's very often the mentality, however you'd like to dress it up. There's a distinction between small-businesses that arent pre-occupied with growth and "success" and those which are. Sure, if you have your own bakery/etc. then you're probably doing that because youre interested in the craft of baking . The fact that you own the company is kinda incidental to your passion for a craft. I'm saying that these kind of people who build up multi-million/billion-dollar companies are basically interchangable money managers. You can take a telecoms business-genuis and put him in insurance, or manufacture, or anywhere: and people routinely do! Because the "skill" at that level is merely business as such . All I got from this article is "people should aspire to be successful in business", which I think is kinda stupid and dangerous. People should be passionate about, eg., giving people healthcare, creating amazing art or music, writing the best novels, finding out how the world works... that we have businesses and that they make money is something which is meant to facilitate our dreams not become them . Capitalism abstractly is not meant as an end in itself, but almost everywhere we look today it has become one. Growth, expansion, money, "success" for its own sake - not for the sake of beauty/truth/skill/knowledge/love/etc. As I said, self-aggrandizing. People read this trumped-up BS every day in silicon valley and have started to believe it. > However, they aren't the same as "unreflectingly capitalistic" and "pre-occupied with monetary success". They have become inextricably linked. Maybe early in the 19th C. you'd be right. After the rise of american industry and maufacture and its corresponding propaganda (edison, etc.) AND after the cold war, "capitalism", "democracy", "patriotism" all became intertwined. Such that today The American Dream is almost purely capitalist and pragmatic. The American Dream has, to my eyes, for a long time been directed towards individuals - it is their dream. A person achieves their dream. Once, perhaps, The American Dream was a dream for American s - a common enterprise, with common goals, something achieved for everyone or no one, etc. The author of this article did not explain why ONO was part of a common enterpise, which its activity was making all our lives better and helping us achieve our ideals. He said, "built originally by Eugenio Galdon and mostly by my friend Richard Alden between 2001 and 2011, is in the process of being sold to Vodafone for around $9.5bn, and nobody cares." If that's doesnt read hollow and pathetic to you I dont know what could. It's complete mythologising of two people "building" a company, it's display of hurt feeling over the fact that $10bn doesnt impress people enough, its utter pre-occupation with self-aggrandizement and money. The rhetoric in this article is almost suffocating its message and very few can tell - because this rhetoric has become the language in which we phrase our dreams today. We'll I've commented three times thus far to direct replies.. I wouldnt say that was "littering". > To an American it's obvious that two people didn't personally build the company Yes, but it's also obvious who gets the credit (, and who doesnt). > I'm amazed you can't find one positive interpretation to agree with Sorry I dont find the acquistion of wealth anything to celebrate in itself and that's the point of the article.. so no, obviously i dont think there's a positive interpretation here and it isnt "cynicsm": it's reading it without buying into its assumptions. > But we should not blame Americans for this. Americans do the right thing, they recognize and celebrate success. The blame is exclusively with Europeans who are still uncomfortable and envious with big exits Yes Americans do the right thing and "celebrate success", they try not to tax "job creators" and make sure "hard working risk takers" get the "credit they deserve". Ideological, all of it. > What else is an expression? You seem to have confused expression with application. A person unable to speak but merely point is unable to express (that is, define precisely) what it is that causes them to point to, say: a red brick, a red door, a red pencil. However in their activity of pointing, that is, in their application of an unexpressed principle we can infer a "theory". Naur's point is that a "theory" in his sense is a purely mental, immediate, intuitive ground for the understanding of a problem. It is the "red" in the above example, and as we cannot explicate red (only point to it) we cannot express the theory. >If it matches something -- like software -- that is complex and determinate, it must itself be analysable into determinate properties or patterns or structure. No. The mind is not a computer program. Mental models are not immediately accessible, completel and transparent to conscious thought, nor are their relations, nor are they "comprised" of anything simpler than more thoughts. The theory doesnt "match" the computer program, the computer program is a symptom of the theory. The theory is how a problem is understood. >Since 'theory' is used to make actual software -- something that can fit or diverge from it -- 'theory' must have a substantial, and complex, objective part. I dont know what this means (nor much of your comment to be honest), but i suspect you're making the same error as above: that the (physical) products of mental activity reveal or constrain the nature and structure of that mental activity. Throughout this saga, and with religiously motivated bigotry in general there has been a politicization of the language and the issue as though it were not a moral concern, merely something a "social conservative" and a "social liberal" can disagree about with mutual tolerance. This isnt whether taxation is 38% or 35% this is whether people of a different sexual orientation are to be treated as people. I have very little patience with spineless calls for "respect" for those who which to preserve institutional disrespect. Tolerance is over-rated and has done very little for any one. better just to have and __in__ no? Not for tea. There is a substantial difference in flavour if the water isnt boiling. It's one of the shocking things a british person experiences in america, handed tea made with a microwave. It really is quite disgusting in comparison. I think it's more that no one ever actually boils it. They microwave it to drinking temperature. I'm not sure it would be safe to boil it in a microwave, the water would go everywhere. "upload consciousness" is just a meaningless juxtaposition of words, the modern pseudo-intellectual crank lexicon. One might as well say, in other ears: "capture personality with cathode rays" or "compress the fluid of the soul" or or "render oneself in brass automata" or "bottle the element of the mind". It is essentially an argument from ignorance combined with an argument from authority: "look what we've discovered! we dont know it's implications! here's some implications (sprinkled with academa-bable)". it's not pseudo-intellectualism. It's the result of about a decade of study in the philosophy of mind and computer science. Disheartening is the trading of God for techno-babble to provide the "wonder" necessary to get over your own mortality. I'm just replying to you so I can say to people that I've replied to you :) Nielsen & Chuang is one of the bibles of my universities physics dept.! I dont know, these feel to me like very simple features ("functions are objects", "functions take a final-type") .. nothing really "wow". The wow-factor is, I guess, that Go can actually do it.. which seems to me a little masochistic. ("Wow my underpowered lang. isnt so bad!"). 1) Graham Priest is one of the most famous logicians of this century. 2) The LNC is an axiom it doesnt "hold", its either built into what you mean by identity or it isnt. Either way there is no non-circular "hold"ing. 3) Im sure the notions of truth, falsity and consistency are far too technical here for the lay person to get a serious grasp of but i'd be careful of rationalizing your own ignorance by projecting stupidity onto others. cynics are usually superficial. it's the easiest thing in the world to say "no". The problem has ended now, but for a brief period MSNBC was http access protected. ( & Tested on NY/UK VMs). Nope, it's a ruby thing I believe. Umm.. what do you think a server is for? What are you talking about? Everyone has to depend on some infrastruture to provide their service. I'd imagine pretty much every hosting platform (from amazon to dreamhost) has less reliability than facebook. No, that's not how risk works. Centralization of services to a single platform is more risky. He blames the SOX act for decreasing the number of IPOs but they were already down from 100s/year in the 80s to 80 in 2001 (before sox) and this trend continued. He seems to be performing the slight-of-hand anti-regulatory BS that accompanies the right these days: "over here there is a problem - over there is some regulation; wink wink nudge nudge". No, just two end points to draw a negative correlation between that keeps going today. It isnt hilly. So the introduction of SOX as an explanation for decreasing IPOs is BS. I think the "roads" problem is just a simple and easy example of the general class of collective action problems that require a single authority to manage. Here is another example: the design of a network cannot be modified arbitrarily. It's rational for a private company to insert a road into a system to benefit itself at the disadvantage to others (cf. negative externalities). Indeed it's rational for several to do this making ad-hoc modifications to the network, the net result of this is significant inefficiency. Collective action problems and (negative) externalities are the main cases where we require a single-point-of-trust / authority to coordinate a system. Libertarians say that private companies can do this, but when you ask "well what do these companies look like?" you invariably get something like a small government. The moral question then arises: we have these single-points-of-trust, do we have any democratic control over them? The answer, in a libterian system is No (money != vote). The libertarian solution to these problems then, seems to me, to hand them over to private tyrannies with no public accountability to perform largely the same function as a government. Its at this point the "NOPE!! LEAVE ME ALONE!" tends to come out. > And I think the claim that public has more control over government needs to be backed up by some sort of data. Of course, you'd need to define the term "pseudo-government" as well. For pseudo-gov read "multinational". As far as data goes, I cant think of a principle more well-evidenced. A single person who is not a consumer of a corporation has no influence whatsoever over the decision making of that corporation. I can go to my local representative and act in my local community (petition, etc.) in which my local representative has a stake and he can do things for me. The tremendous amount of public shaming the government goes through (compared to private corps) should be evidence enough that there's a considerable amount of public accountability. > They advocated a free market system on the premise that it was the best way to handle this complexity, not on the basis that it doesn't exist. They shifted simplicity from society to the individual. So if the social was complex it was nevertheless based on a the motives of simple individuals. That is, people are selfish rational actors. The problem is that they arent. Libertarian models of humans are incredibly simplistic. "take actions they believe will accomplish those goals". Well there you go: quite wrong! People aren't at all clear on what they want, nor how to accomplish it. People respond to impulses and psychological drives not propositionalized goals. Even bounded rationality is totally wrong. Human behaviour isnt (economically) rational "except for limitations". The very source of the value we place upon institutions, people, goals, etc. is entirely a product of the interaction between culture and basic psychological drives. People do not have "preferences" in the strong propositional sense required for modelling. They have drives, ideals, etc. These can be systematized by asking them to rank states of affairs but even here things are delicate (which is why polling on issues is generally useless). Any kind of "rationality" talk is extremely prescriptive in practice: failing to actually look at the world and describe it, libertarians et al. go around theorizing in an ahistorical vacuum with pseudo-computer human stand-ins. And criticise actions in the real world that dont conform. On the other hand, it's a CSV parser so it's fairly easy to explain the features and list all of them (rather than try to select some important ones). This is a refreshingly specific post. Many articles of this kind ham-fistedly define various philosophical criteria throughout the post and make sketchy judgements within these. Here however there is just "here's the main comparative languages, here's the difference, here's where there may be issues". NB. I'm very much in favour of a principled (qua philosophical) approach to language comparison (etc.) but its rarely done well. The USA is usually comfortable with its actions to one degree or another. Israel constantly lashes out on the defensive as though they have no justification. I do find myself in many of the same communities as Steve, and in much the same starting position whereas I tend to get bored and leave things he puts in the effort to do something for the community. I jointed Rust to write an ML project and contribute, I gave a talk on the philosophy of programming, I think I was speaking one conference behind him at one point too. And yesterday he opens metaphysics.io and I programmingphilosophically.com ... It's interesting to see what could be with a little effort. And yet I still dilly dally and potter around. No, that is exactly what it means. It doesnt take very long to look something up (eg. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agnosticism ). Agnosticism is not about being uncertain, it's the position that the answer is unknowable or unknown - which is much stronger than merely being uncertain. That's the problem with surveys like this: the categories are political not philosophical. It would be better to ask, "Does a deity feature amongst your considerations when making a decision?" I take it that's what people are mainly interested in anyway. If this question was asked alongside the others in these questionnaires I think you'd see a high percentage of non-atheist responders agreeing. Many atheists and theists believe you can provide evidence one way or another. Most people are not agnostic. Comparing the UK and the US here is absurd. I live in the UK too and pratically speaking marijiuana is decriminalized. The police do not prosecute ordinary users and "small time growing" is often a warning or a fine. Compare that to america where a tremendous number of college-age kids are imprisoned, where vast swathes of the black population are put away, where police meet their targets for funding by prosecuting weed smokers. It's a completely different world. The "drug driving" is not being legalized anywhere . Illegal things are still illegal. "Mindless paranoia caused violence" is, as far as any one can tell, a myth. But even so, that's a HEALTH issue - not solvable by police. As for "negative effects on society" and "health care budget" - these are phrases meant to restrict lifestyles available to people on the basis of your own fear, self-interest and jealousy. "Freedom" if it is to mean anything is the ability to enjoy: to have your life be - to you - enjoyable and worth living. All (ideological) systems are self-preserving, if they weren't, they wouldn't be stable. That's not a problem. profits made within a country can be taxed within a country. Stopping the export of capital is a legal/legislative issue, not a logistical one. The rich have already left. The mythical class we're "punishing" arent tied to nations/peoples any more. Their assets are however. Their companies operate within nations. They wealth is spent in deals/properties/etc. within countries. If a Koch brother lands on US soil he can be arrested and all of his assets seized. If he does a deal with a US company, all of the transactions can be subject to US law. It's a matter of political will. "Reduced labour" isnt produced by automation, increased profit is. To "give back" labour you have to reduce profits. "Leisure time" was won by unions, collective bargaining and legislation. "The Weekend" only exists at all because of the collective actions of the workforce, not of capital owners. The problem is the consistent politicization of each word in ways related to intelligence and the extremely good properties of lorem ipsum text (its nonesense that doesn't stand out as nonesense - a holy grail of ciphers). Its possible that this is statistical noise... but it seems particularly plausible that it started out that way then some one gamed it into being far less noisey and more consistently intelligence-based. No, automation just reduces the amount of repetitive labour. The remaining labour isn't distributed evenly across the workforce: some people take up more work to increase or maintain their level of wealth and some people become unemployed. Envy and ambition create worst-case nash equilibria for all. Most people's political preferences are a more direct product of their desires (fears, etc.). The less educated a person the less "reflective stability" established between psychological tos-and-fros and their politics. The idea that people go around with a stable set of political (, intellectual, moral, etc.) preferences is a very modern one (c. 1950s) and we'd all be better off to get rid of it. It's the opposite of syntax highlighting, it's highlighting which is syntax. Looks to be a world-wide outage. It's Down in Kiev, New Jersey and London according to my location and various VPSs. What a confused interview. If the audience is for people who are interested in knowing scala's timeline then saying "isnt Java 8 functional now because it has lambdas" is either dumb or trying to be dumb on behalf of a java audience who doesnt care about the scala timeline. Monads have so little pretension these days, you'd think they were the salt of the earth. Working classes, for working people. Yeah, Arrows is my "next thing". > I'm just surprised how similar it is to Swift. A lot of language enthusiasts just winced. The "claim to fame" has more to do with homoiconicity, ie. that the language is its own syntax tree. This allows you to extend the language in arbitrarily complex ways in the language itself - a consequence of this is the simplicity of writing a self-interpreter. Languages involve a lot of apparent mystification, in part because the syntax tree and the semantics of the syntax tree are not the program you are writing. Who knows what "class X {}" actually does to the (virtual) machine? By essentially providing a 1:1 correspondence between the "real" semantics and the "apparent" semantics, programming this way can seem magical compared to other languages. With assembly you arent taking objects of the language and making them objects of a metalanguage, ie. you arent preserving semantics when you abstract. All you're doing is creating hacks on top of the basic semantics, so in effect, introducing a new language (of specialized jumps, etc.). Well I would, I often mention logic programming in the same list as functional. However, lisp is simply awesome/powerful/etc. while logic and more formal-abstract kinds of programming (from Prolog to Haskell) are "difficultly" awesome. That implies making a cognitive activity out of a non-cognitive activity and thus defeating the point. You can tell an american when oil crisis implies scooters not public transport. Not doubting the problems of american geography: though esp. the historical choices about how urbanization should proceed which have made most of the problems, rather than anything inherent about the size of the country - I can easily get across Europe on public transport at "american" distances. The point was it was amusing to see someone suggest that private transport was the essential point of oil, so that if prices increased, it would just mean worse private transport. When of course, at those levels, it would mean the end of wide-spread private transportation as such (and the end of american urbanization as its currently known). A debtor's prison isn't much use to creditors. Then you have never taken a philosophy course in a western analytic department. The "Logic" that's used in computer science is a very small part of all possible logics. The discipline of logic is studied and expanded almost exclusively by philosophers. Computer Science Logic is to Philosophy what Physics is to Mathematics. Well one feeds into the other. Computer scientists just have no real use for them. They can't be straightforwardly modelled on a computer nor are they straightforward models of computers. That isnt to say there are no uses of them in CS or that CS ignores them all. But many systems were invented to deal with explicitly philosophical problems (eg. modal logic for metaphysical necessity, para-consistency for paradoxes, etc.). In some very specialized areas non-standard logics do get used (theorem proving uses intuitionist logic, AI/Machine Learning might use fuzzy, etc.) but its still a limited subset over all. No doubt, in heavily mathematical CS departments there might be courses on logic in a more complete sense. CS researchers do develop logical systems of a kind: in particular they have developed ways of writing logic systems programatically (and usually end up having to ditch a few things and thus invent a new system). However if you bought any major books on logic (as a subject) or looked into any contemporary research in logic (as a subject, not "doing logic on an ARM, etc.") you'd find the authors were philosophers. Occasionally mathematicians, and esp. mathematicians who then became philosophers. The problem is we're dealing with real objects, conflating real objects and mathematical objects is begging the question against the person saying we need haecceity (also called "thisness" - the property of being "this" thing and not "that" thing). If real objects are just like mathematical objects then all they are is bundles of properties: object A is no more than the set of properties that can be ascribed to A. There are a few problems with that, but here's an interesting one. Consider a world in which there are only two identical iron spheres, say 1 mile wide, 1 mile apart from each other. Now each sphere has exactly the same properties - are they the same spheres? Most people would say no. So what individuates them? Well, some property that makes it the case that one sphere is that sphere and not any other. To put it in your terminology, for every boolean function f(x) which is true iff x has property f and false if it doesn't have f (eg. IsIron(x) = True), then both spheres have exactly the same set of true/false values for all properties (forall f.). Unless we introduce a haeecity functions: a(x = A) = True for A, b(x = B) = True for B - ie. properties which are only true when their arguments pick out the objects which they are about. Then we can distinguish between objects, because they have different values for haecities (property functions) a, b. Well it's an "accidental" property for pretty much everyone today - very few people anything that would make spacial location a property of the thing . You'd have to say that if you translated the entire universe in one direction some property of everything would change - but everything would behave identically, all measurements would be identical, all relationships between objects identical, etc. A spacial property is at least as weird as haecceity. The problem is ownership. Behind the GPL is a (traditional) view of ownership, where if you own something you can do what you like with it. Own that table? Well you can sand it, smash it, burn it or use it. This is your house? Well you can do what you like with it. Now, when it comes to IP that notion of ownership has all but been thrown away. 'Owning' a song entitles you to some rights, often only valid for a period of time, and subject to arbitrary modification later on. When it comes to software we're often even worse off - we can't even find out what it does. The GPL is an attempt to enforce a stronger notion of ownership, so that if you have the software in your possession you can do whatever you like to it. The source code is open, you can modify it, or anything else. So there's the harm. The harm is to you. When you're given a piece of software you have limited, if any, ability to find out what it does, to modify it to suit your needs, to modify it to play around. And yet you 'pay' for this software. You're paying to acquire a set of limited rights, often mutable and on the whole useless ( as rights ). You might say that's all a bit theoretical. But all the sony rootkits, Lenovo MITM attacks, credit carf theofts, etc. - they all happen because no one can see what the software they " own " does. I dislike the way the GPL works - copyleft enforcement - the law should simply be changed. But the principle seems about right. Isn't the whole "N-Point Evangelism" getting tired and cliched yet? Success isn't N-principled and de-constructing a company's history and "moves" into this form is just cheap pop-psych. If you wanted to find out why SF.com worked, you'd need to write a large book. You'd need chapters on each key individual, each key decision, the environment they were operating in (how lucky they were), the risks, the interpersonal conflict and cooperation. There's at least a lifetime of work gone into SF, split across hundreds of people+. There is no "correct" answer. Explanation is multifaceted: explanations of one kind are grounded-in or reduce-to or supervene on explanations of another kind. Each kind of explanation explains different things. There might be a "final" explanation in the sense that we talk about quarks, strings, etc. - an explanation which doesnt explain very much but is irreducible. > Extroverts tend to prefer to think on their feet; openly sharing their half formed thoughts knowing that their ideas will finish molding themselves through the process of talking. Introverts, however, prefer to think their thoughts through to completion in their heads before verbally sharing their ideas with others Yes, this distinction exists: between those more inclined to involve others quickly and share thoughts openly - thinking publicly, and those who prefer to think privately. I'm an extremely public thinker which can be frustrating, peculiar (, and impressive) for some people. A good (fictional) example of a public thinker would be House (MD.) who often just used other people as props for thinking out-loud, was confident in everything he said regardless of whether it was well thought out or not: preferring to fail quickly rather than spend time getting to the truth. Most examples of 'truth-seeking' however, in fiction are portrayed in the reverse: unlike sherlock on who House is based, columbo/poirot/etc. are all fairly private people who don't give much away (and indeed, in columbos case, deliberate hide what he thinks) until they have the full picture. It doesn't need to be dressed up in knowingly-phrased half-baked pop psych, and I dont think it has anything to do with extra/intro-version, at least, very little. http://partiallyexaminedlife.com so, aprox. uh'buh oh t Or to put it in a more general way: is security theatre now costing lives? A tremendous amount of human labour? The original script had machines using human brains for their computing power but the execs thought that would be too complicated for people to understand. That hasn't been my experience. I've never been in a standup meeting lasting more than 20m, and almost always I've been a PM, TA and developer - I would be fairly ruthless with timing. Agile might make it easier for incompetent people to screw things up, I suppose. And therefore it might be best to avoid in teams where the problem is deeper than the team organization. > If you ran Go as a single thread, you would also run into similar issues. Yes, if you hobbled yourself, you would be hobbled. The inability to do concurrency properly is not a feature, it's a missing feature. The whole point of node was to be a node . Yeah, it's odd. It's not clear why they're just not using json... json will give you an homoiconic language of arbitrary descriptive power. Many tribes were perfectly happy and healthy until the intruders affected their ecosystem. No. That's just your american white guilt playing up. It doesnt seem like a lot of thought has gone into making the colour / drawing choice actually visually significant. Eg. given blue is much harder to see here than red, are we over-estimating similarity because there is a lot of red? I suspect they need to talk to some visualization & human vision people to make this compelling. This is a common view amongst people who have never studied philosophy. Everyone is engaged in philosophy, including scientists themselves, and mostly poorly. Scientists in considering what data signifies life are themselves taking as given some concept 'life' - ie. their first step is philosophical (as ever). You may say whatever a decision a scientist makes on concepts such as these is obviously the best - but then history would show you totally incorrect. It is possible to refine the method of judging the best concepts, and of refining the questions which lead to these judgements, and of the method of making the best deicisons with respect to them. This task is philosophy. And "incorrect philosophy" of the past such as the vital force was a philosophy of an incorrect science - not somehow a "pure philosophy" that had gone wrong. A philosophy of a better science produces a better philosophy (and a better science). > "is there anything fundamentally difference between life and non-life objects" is answered by scientific advancement No it isnt. Science has only made one candidate for the meaning of "fundamental" trivial (in particular, that the physical substance of living things is the same substance of non-living things)- there are many other senses in which living things and non-livings things are fundamentally different. For example, all moral agents are necessarily alive. All non-living things are necessarily not moral agents. Imagine engineers drawing landscapes and calling art dead. This is what we have with the naive popularises of science today. Anything can be reduced to cheap evolutionary psychology with just-so stories. It wasn't condescension. Every word was accurate, intended, and addressed widely with the intention of it being understood by equally competent people. My concision was a reaction to its banality. The problem with evo-psych just-so stories is that they do not discriminate between possible worlds: ie. if men of place A were all angry then the just-so-ers of place A would come up with a story about why men are "evolutionaryily angry". And if men were mellow in place B, we'd get some other story about how men are evolutionarily mellow. Narratives of this kind are not good explanations of anything. And I suspect mostly false anyway, since evoltuion does not provide particular psychologies genetically - genetics provides merely the hardware, not the software. phlogiston was actually better than the theory which immediately replaced it (oxidation, etc.) - they were close to discovering electrons ... but by involving oxygen delayed that realization for quite awhile I'm not very sold on its intentions. The people who wish to do this are labouring under a great many sceptical confusions and take saying ordinary things like "the pen is red" to be some god-like act. Ie. they wish to subjectivise everything. It isn't god like at all, and we're not trapped within our own subjective nightmarish experiences for every doomed never to be talking about the world. It's a very simple thing to make a claim about how the world is and for it to be true (eg. "the sun is aproximately 8 light minutes from earth"). Rewriting language on the basis of some mistaken sceptical pet-principle is the height of absurdity. cf. http://blog.mjburgess.co.uk/2015/12/objectivity-and-humility... It's a somewhat artificial distinction, since the user of a piece of software becomes a developer to modify it. And to preclude modifications which prevent him from effectively monetizing his labour is to infringe on his freedom. Prehaps it would not be if money (etc.) didnt exist. It's always the way, however, with idealists to prescribe policies that make people free in their utopia but cause chaos in our reality. It's just an observation about which licence maximises the freedom of the user. Since we're in a capitalist system, monetization of one's labour is hugely important from real-term freedom. To deny people that is to make them less free. So the most permissive licence is the one providing the most freedom. > I get paid to solve problems, not be happy or healthy. > that ship has long since sailed > that's for other people to enjoy. > is a thing people are capable of? You seem very unhappy. Can't she become a british citizen? Will that not simplify things? It's like modern culture is trapped in a cold-war b-movie about the excesses of science. On the pro-science side there's singularities and AI fantasy and the anti-science side the planet is "being destroyed". It's just one giant argument from ignorance, "we don't know, therefore you don't know, therefore we can say anything we like". Capitalism isn't morally neutral because it concerns collectives of moral agents (companies), their goals and the goals of their customers and those they interact with. Evolution operates on genes, an amoral physical process. Capitalism is the operation of people, a morally-laden process. "The right to err" is commensurate right on behalf of those your err'ing against to call you a lunatic. Thiel is responsible for his own pronouncements, ideological fantasies and desire for catastrophe. This is a very poorly written article that provides very little information about the method or its motivation. And the consultants they're quoting sound like idiots. The reality, I believe, is this: Arts Council funding is limited and decisions need to be made about which projects will be funded over others. So they need some transparent system based on info from: the artists , their peers and the public. Without any information whatsoever its not clear on what basis they could be making any decisions. The whims of some Art Director who happens to prefer one thing over another? That's a perfectly reasonable response within the Trolly-Problem debate. It isn't dishonest because it is there to analyse precisely these kinds of concerns. Which had already been used in the days of the telegraph. The first use of OMG (oh my god) and other such initialisms was 19th. C. I would imagine that includes :) Yeah, this is what you get when your language does not support generics. Hackernews fetishes articles from managerial programmer types who have come down from the mountain of business mediocrity to tell all people with creativity and passion that it's getting in their way. She "stole" the PEOPLE'S CHOICE?!!?! Bernie. Just another sore loser who's own echo chambre prevents him from realising most democrats voted for clinton, and no preference the DNC staffers had changed that. Yes, cause Bernie had the AA. vote in his pocket. In my experience Haskell-people are not insuffereable, but have a history of a rather academic humility in the same manner that, historically, the ruby community used to. Perhaps this is changing, but my guess is the prior comment was by a person who appeals to Haskell more often than uses it. This is licenced under the GPL right? A copyleft licence. Rendering it useless for most people. ADHD is a horribly misnamed condition. It's caused by a delay in the development of the frontal cortex which puts people about 30% behind their peers in many higher order cognitive functions. If depression is like the flu, ADHD is like missing a leg. You can't regrow or cure a missing leg, all you can do is use a prosthesis -- for ADHD stimulants are the prosthesis for the missing development of the higher order brain functions. ADHD is a serious impairment to normal cognitive functioning. However everything a person with ADHD experience is a part of everyone's ordinary rational expectations: things forgotten, things missing, a lack of motivation, difficulty focusing, emotional dis-regulation, lack of social awareness. And that makes popular perception very difficult to correct -- because it isn't that these things happen, its that they happen to an extreme because of a significant neurological impairment. For readers, ODD == Oppositional Defiant Disorder. Basically ADHD is just a symptom checklist, what causes it also causes a whole variety of other stuff not included in the same checklist for somewhat @political" reasons. In particular ODD means being reflexively and exaggeratedly defiant and hostile to authority. Possibly because its associated with external demands that are inherently difficult to meet (because of the ADHD part) and so quite tortuous and frustrating. What's remarkable is that the oppositional characteriststs associated wiith ADHD are significantly helped by stimulants. Which doesnt make any sense, if the oppositionality were some personality characteristic. It arises due to the very same cognative impairments. The problem here, is in part I think, how poor people with ADHD are at assessing themselves. Autobiographical memory is very impaired, and often access to your internal emotional state and its relation to long term goals is quite weak. So you do often find people with ADHD completely misjudging how good they are at tasks, compared to others, and so on. I think you'll find many of the skills you rely on which give you this advantage, if you do in fact have an advantage, arent ADHD. ADHD is a significant neurological impairment, and people with it are impaired in many higher order cognitive functions. These arent compensated for by divine intervention. ADHD isnt an alternative evolutionary pathway, nor is it part of the "healthy mixture" of society. And more than how good it is that we have some blind or otherwise disabled people around. There really are disorders of the brain which constitute simple factual impairment, and to have this impairment improved upon enables the person to far more successfully achieve their own goals. ADHD is one such disorder: medication very often makes living the life you wish to live much easier. It's perhaps a harsh reality, but it is reality. Significant cogantive impairment diminishes your ability to realise your own goals. The popular mythology of the genius provided by mental ill health or disability is a pernicious one and is believed to the great detriment of many people. People with cognitive problems often cling to them in pathological ways, and this is especially common with ADHD people because they find it difficult to reflect over their life in the ways needed to realise the patterns of their difficulties. I would strongly encourage every one with ADHD, or who think they might have it, to seek pharmacological help asap. Many of the symptoms can be greatly reduced with stimulants and they'll make realising your own goals much easier. People with ADHD are incapable of making a "valid self assessment". It's a disorder of the specific faculties involved in being self-aware in the right sort of ways. It's a very common phenomenon to encounter a person with ADHD who insists their life us going well but who are being fired every month. We're talking about serious cognitive impairments not 'differneces' it's reckless to encourage people with this condition to avoid seeking help. Yes, but that's very unlikely to be the case. There are pop books out their peddling the idea that ADHD provides different advantages -- it's perverse and entirely non-clinical. No one is writing books about the wonders of blindness, or missing a limb -- because physical impairments are so obviously, on the whole, impairments even if we might imagine some circumstance they could be beneficial. ADHD is a developmental delay in the frontal lobe which causes significant cognitive impairments, that far and away, on the whole cause havoc for people. People with ADHD should not be encouraged to attribute their successes to their disorder, they are almost always due to unaffected cognitive skills -- NOT ones impaired by ADHD, or affected by stimulants. People with ADHD are often the worst at making this mistake which is why I wrote my initial reply -- because I am concerned for the writer of the comment that they are making this very mistake and that they should really be taking medication. He's using his position of power to silence and intimidate the women, not to seduce them. As evidenced by all the women who said that. What you won't go to the police about -- what you will let some one do -- is not the same as what you want them to do. How much "patience" do you have with people who are mugged, freeze and don't say anything about it to the police? Did the mugging not happen? It's not the victims obligation to, after they have been assaulted, do anything in particular. Anything which will satisfy your "patience". They have been assaulted, and nothing the victim fails to do changes that fact. You're begging the question by assuming it was consensual. You have no evidence whatsoever of that, while there is plenty of evidence to the contrary. all the people who said it wasnt If he can donate to this, he can donate to everything. The "if can, should" principle would have him exhausted of money on much more worthwhile charities long before he'd get round to linux. What he's saying is that linux is part of a sustainable economic system from which companies profile, so that (now) it does not require individual charitable contributions. The problem you're latching on to I think is how the context for caculating a probability can vary. If it were really as likely as, say, the sun exploding that X happened then it would be of no use to expend time on X. BUT very often people speaking about the probability of events given suspicious constraints. While a memory allocation might not fail in most situations it will fail often in some situations. And a one-in-a-million chance is almost guaranteed when there are millions of uses. There is an outstanding issue though: it really is the case that contemporary analysis of philosophical issues are far better than historical ones. Since the middle of the 20th C. every academic discipline, including philosophy, has devloped to the point where there are many new issues -- and of the old outstanding issues, these are presented much more clearly. There are a great number of mistakes in the history of philosophy which only became apparent after a systematic treatment. The reason I think, people read old philosophy is due to how academic contemporary research philosophy is. Research conducted on clearly identified and analysed problems exists in journals and in quite forboding books. Historical philosophy is part of a cultural discussion and is often presented in a simpler, smaller and more digestible way. As far as research goes, contemporary research philosophers in academic depts do not read the history of philosophy. Lay people do. Names: John Rawls, Philippa Foot, Michael Sandel, Mary Midgely, etc. Something like: https://www.amazon.co.uk/Contemporary-Metaethics-Introductio... perhaps. Then as a lay person you've made a profound misreading of the situation. In meta-ethics there are a variety of positions. If moral realism happens to be popular among philosophers working in meta-ethics it would be because they have been extremeley well informed about a whole vareity of arguments in a systematic way that you're not informed about. And equally, the reverse. It will always be the case however, that contrary positions will receive a capable defence by some one. Lay people often come in with a scepticism that is often rooted in some intuition that ends up being quite unfounded when spelled out clearly. Analytic philosophy is not a school. Its just another word for "research philosophy" really, by which we mean a practice of being systematic about arguments, problems and how they interact. There is no deliberate conensus on the basis of some ideological agreement that makes them "a school". This is all historical, guid-hall style ideological grouping that has no place in modern academia. Of course, this is exactly what continental philosophy idealises. Changing the world requires caring enough to do something. We'd be in a much worse situation if a friday afternoon's clicktivism wishes were the governing force of western civilization. Pinning a tab should disable throttling. Gives user straightforward control over which tabs are important. You're taking your own minor inconvenience and raising it to the level of living day-in-day-out sexual harassment near-millions of women are subject to. The pendulum has not swung too far when a new hire is propositioned for sex. This example is far more typical than your social awkwardness. Popularity =/= Economic Viability =/= Importance. The market is NOT a mechanism for delivering what is important. That's not how price hurdles work. Products are segmented according to price, not features. There's a different market at each point and this determines what they will get -- not the reverse. The problem is this treats the government as a single entity with a uniform will: yes, if you do that, then the government is merely failing to act rather than deliberately censoring anything. However the government isnt a single entity, it is many smaller kingdoms. And The King is censoring one of his princes internally: preventing the EPA from releasing data it would like to. The president censored the staff of the EPA, that's true whichever picture you take. Yes, if you define it to suit your point. But that's not the meaning of the term. It's the strange writing style of self-righteous ideologues who have to cram something irrelevant about their ideology in everything they write. I once read a book on mental heath by a professional academic who threw in something about how some irrelevant conclusion in the mental health field showed government was inherently wrong. No, it isn't. I have looked at several definitions now and none match yours, indeed explicitly the reverse. I don't know why you keep prattling on when its clear everywhere you look for this defintion it is the reverse. It has nothing to do with an act of government. Government may censor, but so may a private individual: a publisher can censor an author, etc. It is merely the withholding of information on political or moral grounds. "to "censor" is to review something and to choose to remove or hide parts of it that are considered unacceptable. Censorship is the name for the process or idea of keeping things like obscene word or graphic images from an audience. There is also such a thing as self-censorship, which is when you refrain from saying certain things — or possibly re-wording them — depending on who is listening." "to remove anything offensive from books, films, etc., or to remove parts considered unsuitable from private letters, especially ones sent during war or from a prison:" etc. On and on and on in every defintion. Trying to persuade people to live differently is not "behaviour engineering", it's how all social change occurs. Society is just people's attitudes and behaviours wrt. each other. It seems like all you're saying is, "I supported feminism when things i didn't like were criticized. Now things I dont care about are criticised, I don't like it." That's assuming "giving people what they want" is inherently good, or worse, the only good. It is neither. People getting what they want is neither good nor bad; it is effective at distributing resources. But this is distribution isnt inherently good either (effective != good). We don't need to define "Good" in order to observe this. Very few definitions by anyone, let alone OP, produce this equivalence. Since dynamic typing and static typing are not the same thing. "Dynamic" doesnt mean hidden. It means types are features of objects at run time. "Static" doest mean explicit. It means types are rules the compiler applies to the program text. Do you really mean single thread, or do you mean single core? It seems doubtful it was on a single thread with those response characteristics. No to threading, but yes to tighter integration with rust. Ah yes, let's not focus on something python is not. Let's appeal to the majority use case. What minor planet are people here from? Before you came into my life I missed you so bad - Carly Rae Yes, eg. many languages have spaces conventions formalized and those languages may pay more to develop in. Or, "cringeworthy" This isnt running PHP in the browser. It's running a quasi-JS runtime with PHP syntax. To run "PHP in the browser" you'd need tests passing on all the major php frameworks, as per, Hack's testsuit. Otherwise you're forcing people to learn some language not quite either JS or PHP. Isn't this just another species of the same fallacy: that programming is just a special case of natural language use -- and to get all the non-programmers in on it, we just need to make a more humany language? This isn't true. Programming is the expression of your understanding of a problem in a totally novel medium, as with painting or mathematics. I dont think there's "End User Math" for describing the problems of daily life. The ability to express oneself in a target domain totally unlike the original requires a skill set of translation and expression that isn't reducible to "making the tool better". The thing stopping people building their own houses isn't the hammer. Painting their own landscapes the paint. Formalizing their motion through their house, the symbols of math. These are the smallest barriers to understanding. The appear significant, to you, who has already acquired (to a great degree) the skill of programming. The painter who is very practiced may well think that the ultimate problem preventing the masses from painting is how "thick the oil gets sometimes". Since that is his preoccupation. Well it seems like you've just described turning the 70s cohort of C programmers into 2000s cohort of PHP programmers. It's a programmer group -> programmer group transformation. Solving problems, as programmers do, is just going to create groups of programmers. Programmer's can design interfaces, specailized to a problem, that may give the end user some flexibility in that problem. However I fear that this perspective of yours is the same one which recurs at a certain level of mastery over a particular skill: to now no longer be consciously aware of all the things you need to know, and therefore to assume your highly adapted and sophisticated behaviour is not something that this been trained into you; that is essential and natural to the things you're doing. The professional plumber may as well be saying, "surely there is some sort of end-user plumbing system for these 'simple' tasks could". It probably seems to him that turning a bolt with the right spanner in the right place is as easy as breathing, but it is not. He just does it now with a similar reflex. The tea party was very astroturfed at the beginning -- how many of these protests were co-funded by investors in republican campaigns? If funding to protests were correlated with funding to candidates (which in this case, it almost certainly is) then the variable with political consequences is "amount of campaign funding". A total aside here, but this Humean view of science isn't really accurate, though often repeated. It isnt that something happens 1000x. It's that we arrive at a causal explanation of how something happens and then this explanation is confirmed across 1000 instances, so on the basis of this causal explanation being accurate enough, it is reasonable to predict the 1001. The difference is that in the Humean "1000x therefore 1001" case there is no reason to suppose 1001. If the world were really just these sequences it would be inexplicable. Rather, the world has a causal structure and it this that we better understand by making inferences. cf. induction vs. abduction Yes, but are they looking at protests in the sense meant in OP? A campaign rally funded and organized as a protest is not a protest. If these were astroturfed then all they tell us that attendance at campaign rallies can have political effects. I think it's more to do with him primarily teaching python (iirc) rather than working on large systems with it. It's the same strain of rant Zed Shaw had of Py3, ie., that its harder to teach than Py2 and thef. bad. Crazy. EDIT: OK, if not primarily teaching, spending a lot of his time teaching it. That's a big part of his motivation + worth knowing that when assessing his arguments. Programming languages are tools for developers. They are taught in the service of software development. Optimizing for teaching has it backwards. It can be a factor: but to place it higher than startup time is prioritising the one-off teaching experience of a few over the repeated development experience of many. For a tool for development. Crazy, no? I think python's start up time is going to correlate much more strongly with business success than whether Raymond's 12th slide in his 16th deck requires five minutes more time. They're downvoting because a very large number of people don't do it, and it should be obvious that OP is interested in those primarily those who do -- or at least, those with reasons either way. Just saying "No" presumes we care that this specific guy doesnt do some specific thing. It's quite arrogant. And before you all go out taking the possibility of scepticism as an actual motivation to be sceptical, remember that conclusions do not need to be proven beyond all doubt to be reasonably believed. This is a massive signally piece from the Hacker News socially-naive cynicism clique peddling its myths about how society works. Half-baked unempirical soap-boxing with your Headline Hits from "College Campuses Arent What They Used to Be" to Oh! Think of the Children! and the New York Times Best Seller: "STOP LABELLING YOURSELF PEOPLE!?!?!" Ugh. It's a parody of itself. If you want to make this point then you need to do so by presenting an actual analysis of social dynamics on the internet, their changes, and so on. Not this pseudo-intellectual apocalypticism that was once phoned-in to broadsheet Op-Eds and now fills 20 tweets. If I am understanding you correctly: To rephrase what is often written in a better form, misses the value of teaching the translation. You need to show the things you would never have written, enabled by the better form, to show that it is better. sub: better = formal + ... I really don't know why you're getting down-voted. Modern research child development pegs development of self -conscious to the way we are raised. We are born "pure animals" only feeling, and develop a self-image and awareness-that we are feeling through interaction with others, in particular the care-giver (.../mother). It is by observing others in our animalistic state, reacting to us, that we develop our capacity for self-reflection -- which still isn't fully there at 4 / 5 years old. To put this point most generously: self-consciousness describes a biosocial process by which animals acquire a recognition of themselves as conscious. The claim is then a machine (an oscillating electric field) does not, nor cannot, participate in biosocial processes. NB. If you redefine consciousness to "seeming as-if conscious" then anything may be trivially true of a machine (or, of anything). Yeah, which has nothing to do with capitalism -- right? Unless you're using the humanities definition of capitalism by which it means "everything bad in the world". > The Panama Papers are an argument for more effective regulation, not against capitalism. So you conclude with agreement despite disagreeing in each premise? As I said. Capitalism =/= the way the world is set up. Capitalism is an economic model. This humanities use of the word obfuscates more than it clarifies. The regulatory environment of the world is not "capitalism". At a guess, I'd say its vaugely semi-feudal. But certainly, there is no transnational court system to make the kinds of rights-based guarantees you'd need. What on earth are you talking about? > The internet is dynamically typed. That's an incoherent claim. Dynamic typing is where types belong to values. Static typing is where they apply to terms. Really to call the former "typing" is misnomer. It's an abuse of the word "type" to mean "memory mode". It has not much relationship to typing in the logic/math/philosophy of logic sense in which types are sets and type relationships are those between sets. It is the Curry-Howard isomorphism ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curry%E2%80%93Howard_correspon... ) which defines the correspondance between types in computer science and mathematics. This is "static" only because the "dynamic" alternative isnt really an alternative at all, and really just a different kind of thing all together. I'm not sure how this is incivil? The claim is logically incoherent: typing cannot be a property of the internet, in the same way tuesday cannot be pink nor can addition sound terrifying. The claim is a category error: the internet cannot posses such a property. In addition, to say, of something, that it is " is a made up thing " is a degree of hubris that is presumably reasonably met by being perplexed at overconfidence of the claim posed with such little correct information. Is being perplexed more uncivil than hubris? Are we really policing people's language to this minute degree? You can sympathize with the sentiment of the article, but there is a preoccupied ("shaming"?) quality in places that moves this from an article about P/NP to an article about showing-up a person who believes something about P/NP. Perhaps they needed to be shamed? Who knows. But it is transparent... Quoting: At one point in his post, Luboš actually compares computer scientists who find P≠NP a plausible working hypothesis to his even greater nemesis: the “climate cataclysmic crackpots.” (Strangely, he forgot to compare us to feminists, Communists, Muslim terrorists, or loop quantum gravity theorists.) Even though the P versus NP and global warming issues might not seem closely linked, part of me is thrilled that Luboš has connected them as he has. If, after seeing this ex-physicist’s “thought process” laid bare on the P versus NP problem—how his arrogance and incuriosity lead him to stake out a laughably-absurd position; how his vanity then causes him to double down after his errors are exposed—if, after seeing this, a single person is led to question Lubošian epistemology more generally, then my efforts will not have been in vain. Anyway, now that I’ve finally unmasked Luboš Ridiculing is a form of shaming. It might even be the purest form of shaming. Shaming is to make one "embarrassed or guilty because of one's actions, characteristics, or associations." He's literally holding up this guy's character, "vanity, arrogance, incuriosity, laughably-abusrd..." I'm not sure what those characteristics have to do with the P=NP problem. I'm not saying, perhaps, this guy ought not to feel shame for his prior comments. Possibly he should. But this article is a shaming article. It isnt absolved of that because someone else started it. Well I've said several times that he may deserved to be shamed. > ridicule is earned Your comment only emphasises part of what I've already said. Of course however, he may not. A person who deploys the ridicule of a person's character (over said, the ridiculing of the idea that P=NP) is one who should be aware that this itself has moral downsides and is open to fair criticism. > But discussing whether this is shaming has no more to do with P=NP than the phrases you quote. Yes, and? I'm writing comments about the article, not about P=NP. Since the article contains ridicule, comments about that seem well justified. I'm not a expert on complexity theory, nor have I claimed to be. The context of discussion in a comment section on an article is the article, not it's purported title. I haven't criticized the article, and yet people seem to be acting as-if I have. I've only described what it contains. I have made no judgement about it. > As there is clearly no possibility of inducing shame, then it seems unlikely that this was intended to do so, and so is not shaming I think you know how bad that argument is. The article contains what it contains. Merely because it isnt likely that a person will feel shame does not mean that this article isnt (1) written with that intention; (2) written with that effect; and most importantly, (3) written with that technique. See, for example, however every major comedian speaks about Trump. That is ridicule and shaming of him, of his personality and character. Yet, he's mostly shameless. I would guess that actually the people who display shame the least (or seem least self-aware about when it is appropriate to display shame, etc.) are those most likely to incite shaming in others. Don't you get angry at someone laughing (in ridicule) at you? Doesn't this provoke, sometimes, a brooding preoccupation with ridiculing them back? Is it likely that would be effective? When people are preoccupied in this way, they are dealing with their own internal emotional state (anger, resentment, etc.) -- they arent thinking, "well this will be effective". By way of example: all of late-night TV. It seems ridiculing in the context of a mutually ridiculing discussion. If you're saying it isnt a mutually ridiculing discussion, rather, it's taking place in a context of affected ridicule for the amusement of its interlocutors -- fine. I don't know the context, if that is it, then I am wrong. However from the author's comments here about how obnoxious the other guy is, I believe my view is more likely to be correct. NB. You can infer intent from style. You can infer intent from anything we all do it constantly as a requisite part of ordinary human interaction, and it is often very successful. "Intent" isnt some radically internal part of an inaccessible void, it's the motivator for your actions which is often trivial to infer in a given context. However, with anything, inferences may be wrong -- this does not make them ordinarily so, impossible, or generally suspicious. I think intent matters to (1) and (2), it doesnt matter to (3). The claim I was defending, that this article is (somewhat) shaming and this claim be interpreted as any combination of 1/2/3. Personally my view is that it is all of them (possibly, justifiably so). Each person has their own concerns, and their actions and interests derive from these -- not yours. If this kind of reaction is the next frontier of your commenting, well then commenting is a distraction and thus counterproductive. You realise I'm literally quoting his comment? I don't think it's counterproductive. My whole point is not to presume everyone should have your concerns. Right, because there were no recessions and depressions before central banking. Oh Wait! They were more frequent and worse. The "government is the source of all economic problems" is a religious myth as wholesale as "satan is the source of all evil, god is the source of all good". > prudent underwriting of loans was considered "racist" by democrats is a myth. Conspicuously missing from this comment is anything about deregulation, nothing about Glass–Steagall. Only euphemistic suggestions that somehow people disagreeing with redlining (and other practices) somehow caused a crash. This view is only possible if you assume any behaviour people partake in a market is the right behaviour and so any adjustment to that must be bad (, and thefore ... euphemism euspemism... crash). No. It is possible to have a financial system which is regulated to minimize perverse financial practices. We should place blame on the legislators who fail to do so and the financiers who act recklessly. Not wink and nodd towards "prudence", by which we mean, a president asking for an end to racist policies is more severe than deregulating the banks. I can't work out if you're trollling or not. You realise, that "100 million" figure is just taken from the deaths that occurred under Communist regimes, not as a deliberate consequence of their actions. Also, you're equivocating on Capitalism and Communism with the idea in the former case, and one particular implementation in the latter. By "Communism" you mean "regimes that called themselves communist". If, more honestly by capitalism you meant, "regimes that called themselves capitalist" then we would start including Vietnam, Iraq, etc. etc. etc. And you're equivocating on "collectivism" by which you mean the both, say, Mao's agricultural policies and there being groups that have leaders. Businesses are collectives. Capitalism, as trade between businesses, is a mostly collectivised system. Humans goals are foundationally composed of all those which follow from their identity: as they conceive themselves as being part of a group, and as they conceive of their identity free of any membership. This gives rise to nations, businesses, universities, football teams, etc. AND to personal projects, individual enterprise, and so on. The difference between communism-in-practice and capitalism-in-practice has nothing to do with the existence of groups, but rather the political power structures which surround those groups: all communist regimes were dictatorships. The difference between capitalism-in-theory and communism-in-theory has, again, nothing to do with the existence of groups -- but what (economic) rights you take to be fundamental. At a guess, I would describe it as a trade off between syntax and semantics. Languages that have simpler syntax tend to have far more complex semantics (to infer what's missing, etc.). Eg. python's semantics is horribly complex: "hello".upper() is something like str.__dict__['upper']("hello")) -- which is all run-time. Whereas say a C++ version amounts to quite a simple run-time function call on some bytes. Ah yes, the Flimflam-Fo Equation with its key parameters, "rich person a" and "rich person b". Conspiracy theories might well be defined just by the application of the fallacy, "if someone benefits, then they intended it". And here we see this fallacy being applied. Sound like a textbook conspiracy to me. The extremely weathly are not interested in increasing their net wealth, only in specific purchases to further their goals -- which are very easy to undermine with crashes. People who are merely wealthy might possibly wish to increase their general wealth and therefore believe a crash will help them do that. That is an incredibly outsized risk for a wealthy person to needlessly take however. post hoc ergo sher lock This is a favourite grievance to mention with Bell, but there was no expectation she should have won the prize. She did not discover pulsars. She was a lab assistant who, as she was writing the numbers down in the lab book, first noticed that there were pulsar patterns in them. Being the first to lay eyes on something is not typically what we mean, in science, by discovering it. Or else the guy cleaning the ship's deck in the morning should be rewarded for discovering America. The prize was awarded to the head of the team as it was a project of his design and his organization. To have split 1/3 of the prize with whatever grad student happened to be keeping the books seems ridiculous. Let me refine my comment, "discovery qua social recognition of discovery" does not mean being the first to see something. We award "discoveries" to those people who own and arrange circumstances that permit "discovery" in the narrow sense. Which grad student had the logbook was potluck. The existence of the project, the running of the project, etc. had nothing to do with the grad. students it employed. In the narrow sense then, the Nobel Prize is not about giving the "first human" a gold star. It is about recognizing the drivers of progress in some area. The former is accidental, the latter deliberate. In some situations, esp. in early science, these were the same people (ie. the person who put all the work into creating the project was also the first-recogniser of results). Since the victorian era, increasingly we have to distinguish between whose ambition a project was, and whose effort saw its realization -- and which individual happen to be the first to press-play on the peak-detection software. To throw a dissenting voice into the mix: I do not think intelligence is a consequence of structure. Transparency is a consequence of how light interacts with objects. There is no "transparent gold". And being transparent is not something we can program gold to do. Programming is the application of an electric field across a silicon surface: this can no more transmute silicon into gold as it can into a nervous system. Consciousness is a biological activity. It is not something wood, silicon, sand, metal, glass, water, etc. can do by virtue of moving around in an interesting pattern. To me, this is akin to believing magic, or to thinking that the issue with Bug's Bunny's consciousness is that the ink wasnt laid out in the right way. Rather, there isnt any. As scientists we should begin very clearly by identifying the target phenomenon. Line up everything in the known universe that is conscious and you will find that it engages in a highly specific biochemical activity that requires a whole set of highly specific chemical interactions. To believe these can be achieved by applying an electric field across some silicon seems like the victorian superstition that a person could be raised from the dead by doing likewise. Rather, all we are able to do is imitate in the weakest sense. People fooled by chatbots are no more enlightened than the early victorians who were shocked to watch the movie of a train coming at them. Fooling people is a very easy thing to do. And esp. in the area of consciousness when "alertness to things that might be conscious" seems a deep psychological preoccupation of almost every animal to the point of absurdity (eg. being scared at the wind). Line up all the things in the universe that are intelligent. They are all conscious. Unless you mean "imitating intelligence", but that's not what AGI (artificial general intelligence) is targeting. An AGI robot would be one to include in any future line-up of "all the things that are intelligent". My view is that unless an AGI robot has a nervous system, it will never belong in that category. It is fashionable in tech today to speak metaphorically with abandon and to call whatever we like "intelligent" (and to have, machine "learning", etc.). These systems are no more intelligent than an abacus: upon inventing a wood-to-lcd converter, we could run Win95 on a few million wooden beads. Metaphorically, these are intelligent. They fill the role of prior uses of genuine intelligence -- ie., they can help us calculate and therefore substitute our calculative conscious behaviours for non-conscious substitutes. They are tools . My hammar is no more intelligent than my laptop however. Neither possess thoughts, nor can conceptualize or understand anything. A concept is a (biochemical) technique an animal acquires through a biochemical interaction with the world: an electric field can not have concepts. The argument that machines-which-seem-intelligent are intelligent is only a fallacy of ambiguity. What we mean, of machines, is a tool-which-helps-conceptualizing. We we mean of general intelligence is conceptualizing. The former and the latter are not the same. In a universe only of tools, nothing thinks to use them. > Even current AI can do that. No it can't. A machine's output is not deterministic from its input and can be sensitive to conditions not anticipated at-programming-time. That isn't understanding. A spinning top may spin on many surfaces not anticipated by the designer and acquire all sorts of interesting behaviors by doing so. "The opposite of consciousness" is not a meaningful criterion of interest. I'm not even sure it's a meaningful term. It seems to commit the buddhist fallacy that causal processes at work in the universe are differentiated into opposites. That whatever causes rocks to fall must be the opposite of the thing that causes fire to rise. It isnt -- there isnt really anyway to define "opposite" with respect to what causes what. Many of these tests you're outlining arent relevant to the question "does this robot have what we are interested in". Ie., is this piece of lead actually gold. Not "is it shiny with a brass coating" -- but can it participate in all the causal interactions gold can. I'm not concerned with how good the tool is, or how close we are to fooling people, i'm concerned with whether the robot can think. Does the robot posses any concept? Any idea? Any understanding? No, only metaphorically. It seems as-if it does to people who use it to aid in their understanding. It is only a trick, no more than an ancient human being being scared of a spinning top and wondering how it is so well able to navigate around the grain of the wood -- better than any beetle! Intelligence as it is possessed by the relevant subset of animals which we're targeting possess concepts. They are biochemically connected to their environment. The understand it. The dog's finding its bone is NOT the same as the spinning top find its grove. Only by an extremely confused metaphor. The dog puts to use thoughts, concepts, ideas, imagination (and many other things besides) that are about its environment. That it has acquired in its direct understanding of its environment. The spinning top merely topples towards its final point as-if it understood. Machines are rivers of electrical current that topple toward and outcome that it sensitive to their current state, like a top spinning about a board. They have no active, navigating, biochemical motivated concernful goal-directed action. My view is that they never will, since on all the best evidence, skillful concernful action is a neuro-bio-chemical process. I think all consciousness (a feature of most animals) is a specific kind of neuro-bio-chemical process. To put it another way, to improve your focus I can give you Modafinil. To stabilize your mood lithium. To give you hallucinations, lsd. To distort your visual perception, ketamine. To make you more empathetic, trusting and less hostile: mdma. To speed up your thinking, cocaine. To make you aggressive, too much cocaine. And this applies across the animal kingdom, in large part. Where in this list is a program? A program source is a description. A running programming is an electrical field across a piece of silicon. A description has no causal effect (the mere act of writing a description down does nothing). An an electrical field across a piece of silicon has effects, but none meaningful on consciousness. Consciousness is not hiding somewhere. It takes only a baseball bat to deprive someone of it. And its various parameters are easily enough mapped about by chemical manipulation. The modern (general/strong) AI sort follow in the tradition of Descartes who imagined that consciousness was its own sort of substance apart from the body. That its effects and structure were idealizable. Whether we call this idealization a "soul" or a "program" seems to make no odds to the mistake being made... Consciousness is something animal bodies do. It is not a pattern in the sand, or a current in a wire. An certainly not a soul, a number, a program (which is only a number) or any other idealized abstraction. To be even more explicit: no, you will not be able to upload your consciousness. The suggestion and its homology to heaven ought concern anything modern thinking scientist. A description of water (H20) is not some water. I can no more upload a drink to amazon, than I can upload a thought you are thinking. A thought is a biochemical reaction. A description of a thought, even if very accurate, doesnt think. The internet may one day hold very detailed descriptions of people's brains. These will sit like textbooks and tombs though, and not care/wish for/consider/want/desire/understanding anything. What you've done here is expose an epistemological problem but not the ontological one under consideration. My ontological premises are: consciousness exists and it is a neurochemical process. From this follows: machines which are not instances of this process are not conscious. Now you have basically said: but we do not know for certain that it is this neurobiochemical process that accounts for consciousness. Isnt it reasonable to suppose that we might encounter things not actually conscious and think they are? YES. Isnt it reasonable, therefore, to suppose that "consciousness" isnt actually ontologically the same thing as this neurobiochemical process? NO!! The magnitude of human foolishness is no guide to what exists and what it is like: our being able to be fooled by anything tells us little. Yes, we can reverse the picture for the spinning-top and dog. But this is an epistemic reversal: we can suppose we are being fooled by the dog, but the spinning top is the truth! This seems highly unlikely for reasons basically summarized as, "science works". The spinning top isn't thinking and the dog is. That it is possible to doubt this claim, ie., that it fails to be certain, tells us nothing. Almost all scientific claims fail to be certain, that's neither here nor there as to whether they are accurate. And I am appealing to no ghosts to draw distinctions between dogs and spinning tops. I am appealing to a reasonable scientific inference: let us modify the dogs behaviour and let us modify the spinning tops. Cocaine might well be involved in the former, or neurosurgery -- and in the latter, wood carving. The distinction between a chisel and cocaine is hopefully clear enough: they act on their target objects in extremely different ways. The way that cocaine acts informs what stuff I take to comprise "consciousness" -- that is how the behaviour of the dog is modified. > skillful concernful action does not exist. It is merely illusions I dont know what you mean by "illusion" here. I don't see why the observation that skilllful actions is a bodily process somehow diminishes its reality. Skillfull action is just what people do in order to achieve their goals, we have discovered all of these things are biochemical but that doesnt make them fake. If we observe the target phenomenon "skillful action" we discover is it biological. This rules out silicon and electric doing it. Or, in other words, to modify the behaviour of a machine I cannot use cocaine. It has no thoughts to disrupt. I'd have more luck with a chisel. Sure, I meant we cannot impart the property of transparency to a gold bar by "programming" it. Programming isnt a magical spell that can rewrite the causal interactions that take place in the universe. > and you'll find a whole lot of things that most people wouldn't call "conscious" I disagree. I cannot think of anything with a nervous system engaging in the particular neurochemical reaction I'm talking about not being conscious. No example comes to mind? I dont mean any old reaction. As, the digestion of wheat. I mean the specific kind that define neurological systems. > why do the details of the biochemical activity matter beyond being a particular physical realization of some differential equations Because the "details" we're talking about are the causal effects. > precisely emulates the behavior of that biochemical activity For the same reason you cannot programme a gold bar into transparency. Or program a table into an elephant. Or to put it another way, a program which "precisely emulates the behavior of gold" doesnt turn machine into gold. A program which "precisely emulates the behavior of digestion" does not digest pizza. A program which "precisely emulates the behavior of" consciousness isnt conscious. By "emulation" you mean, "imitation in form". Since it is only the FORMS the program and the nervous system share (or, gold, whatever). Ie., that they can be both described to an extreme level of abstraction in the same way. But the universe isnt abstract. It isnt a form. A program simulating a gold bar may be an instance of some equation that a gold bar is -- but possesses none of the properties that make it gold. A machine which imitates some highly abstract equational description of thought is as close to thinking as a bird is to an aeroplane. The bird's heart will burn as much jet fuel as your machine will think. The universe isnt taking place in the abstract, it's taking place in the concrete. You have no soul. Your mind is not a program. You consciousness is not ideal. It isnt a number. A pattern, a structure, an equation. These are descriptions. Your mind is something your body is doing -- as so it is for every known thing that has a mind. To speak as if the mind could be abstracted enough to a description that may be realized in silicon is to believe in an almost magical power of electric. Scientific claims are not necessities. I'm not saying I can prove consciousness is a biological process only that its overwhelming reasonable to suppose so. Emergence is a result of causal interactions between parts of a system being different than the internal causal interaction within one part. It doesnt mean "complexity" and it really has nothing to do with a machine. The oscillating electric field acquires no new causal interactions as the program complexity increases. Adding more H20 to a single H20 creates new causal interactions (eg. wetness). > That's because the machine has no receptors for the comprising molecules - not because it has no thoughts Right, so you're supposing a contrary entirely bizarre ontological view: that thoughts are something independent of a biological process. Of all the known things in the universe which think, to remove their nerves is to destroy their capacity to think. I cannot see any reason to suppose thinking is not merely their activity. > non acknowledgement of his disease Lack of insight is a feature of the disorder, to be able to treat BPD at all is partly to improve this. Self-insight is developed in childhood in healthy interactions with a caregiver: roughly a parent displays an appropriate emotional reaction to your behaviour which allows you to recognise your own behaviour by observing this emotional reaction. Without an ability to observe yourself emotionally through the mirror the parent provides, you fail to develop an awareness of your identity/emotions/etc. The process of developing it anew in an adult requires re-running childhood again in a particular kind of way, with a therapist, and have the therapist provide you with the healthy responses that your parent failed to provide. It is, in my opinion, an exercise in retraining the emotions -- particularly developing the reflective frontal-lobe responses and suppressing the fight+flight amygdala responses which is often way out-sized in traumatized people. Insight into oneself is a trainable faculty like many others, and its deficit is not the end of treatment but the usual starting point. Though your comment is downvoted, it is broad terms quite correct. There is strong evidence of a genetic component to BPD. It is a personality disorder and therefore a result of (abusive) training in childhood. And it is possible to learn to improve one's emotional instability. I do have the sense that you're simplifying the issue in away that disguises the more complex reality of BPD. I do not recall the genetic factors pertaining to emotion. A failure to regulation one's emotions is partly connected to a general impulsivity which arises in a traumatic environment where you are always on high-alert. NB. It's always interesting what gets down-voted on hacker news. The police will chastise commentators who are too emotive in their phrasing but not the downvotes who most actively prevent open discussion. They're both connected in this instance. A person with a personality disorder is really on a continuum of insight in which schizophrenia is the most extreme example and represents a complete dissociative break with self-awareness. I'm not claiming that the kind of dissociation a person experiences when psychotic can be treated by therapy. Pharmacology is essential, and actually I do think after awhile therapy can be helpful (I have family members who have had psychotic episodes too). The lack of insight in both cases is a product of dissociation. In a personality disorder this is a "mild" chronic state (compared to psychosis) which is amenable to very long term (years+) therapy, unlike psychosis. It is why BPD people with quite severe dissociation or who have episode of severe dissociation report mildly schizoprenic-like problems with their identity (eg. thinking that they are multiple people, lost time, etc.). I was assuming his BPD friend had this background state, which would not preclude treatment. Treatment would, in part, be to deal with that. Treatment is not unlikely to work. It just takes a lot of time, and it requires you find a therapist you wife trusts and who will engage with your wife in the way she needs. At the very least it sounds like your wife has critically low-selfesteem which would be part of BPD. If there is any way at all you can get her in a therapeutic environment, that would be a profoundly important gift to her . The life of a person with BPD is not destined to be a happy one, they're living like a cornered mouse for most of it and are really in harms way. They're likely to keep traumatizing themselves. To have a person who cares to prevent that is the greatest gift a person with BPD can have. My offhand suggestion is that you try therapy for yourself for a session and get some advice from a therapist. Keep moving between them until it's useful. It could be that you find away to have a couples therapy that is ostensibly for you but your wife might open up there. It would be circular if it were an argument. I haven't made an argument for it only offered it as the start of our scientific investigation. All observations of brute fact, phrased as arguments, are circular -- because the universe goes unargued for and merely exists. What I mean is this: You and I are having a conversation about consciousness. To do this scientifically we're going to have to point out those things in the universe that we're talking about. (We cannot begin, as socrates thought, with definitions because we dont know them yet). So I shall collect for you all the things we have been talking about when we have said "this is conscious!". And you do the same. And my claim is that everything in this group is in this group ... because ... it has a nervous system. That is a hypothesis. My view is that this hypothesis is true and extremely well-evidence. My view is further that the only thing you can add to this group without a nervous system is something of pure imagination -- a cartoon character. This is possible for any group: I draw a golden rabbit speaking to a silver duck. There are no such things because ducks cannot be both alive and made of gold -- as a brute fact about our universe that at its base causal interactions only play out in that way. To believe that an electrified piece of metal could ever belong in the group of things united by their common feature "consciousness" is profound bizarre to me: what exactly is that thing meant to possess that I have? Of what do I have when I am hungry and think of food that a piece of silicon may have? I dont know what that it, but it seems to throw away all known neuroscience to suppose it exists. That is it not merely a cartoon fantasy, that really, the thing that makes me conscious is some peculiar abstract property of me that current running around a wire can also instance. I have grave suspicions that neuroscientists will ever find that I possess this "structure", not least, because modifications to the way I think are easily done by insufflating cocaine (or whatever else). A drug which operates biochemically and yet modifies thought. I'm not sure how a chemical modification to thought makes sense if the latter is an abstract property. > I don't care whether a machine "really thinks", so long as it can solve any problem which I might have to "think" about otherwise. OK, well then your calculator satisfies your definition of "thinking". I'm concerned to know whether a machine is doing what my dog is or I am. And mostly when people become hysterical or tedtalky (which is the same thing most of the time) about AI they are presenting an "I, Robot" future where androids dream of electric sheep. > and if it doesn't burn jet fuel, a bird doesn't really "fly" When I think, "I'd like my pen" and subsequently my arm moves to get my pen, my thinking is causally connected to my arm moving. My arm moving is some chemical my muscles do, in order to be connected at all with my thinking, my thinking has to be something broadly chemical too. The plane doesn't move air out of the way because its flying. It does that because its burning fuel (etc.). "Flying" as a description of what the bird and the aeroplane are both doing isnt actually any physical process at all. Is a pattern they both very abstractly follow that we have invented. In this sense nothing in the universe actually flies: the bird does its thing, the aeroplane does its thing --- and from our point of view, they are both abstractly similar. IT's our pov which makes them similar though. The airplane isnt distressed to burn too much. The bird is. There isnt much of an actual science to base anything on. Therapy works by having another person serve as a kind of mirror. Just like ordinary mirrors allow you to recognise yourself visually, human mirrors allow you to see yourself "emotionally" (in broad terms). We are mostly just awash with emotion and experience -- all of us -- and we only become aware that we are experiencing some emotion (etc.) when we encounter another person who reacts to it. On a day alone we might be very frustrated but we only realise when our frustration causes another to recoil. It is this recoil that provides the "reflection" of what we are feeling that we can see. It is very hard to be aware of one's emotional state, and the capacity is trained and not particularly reliable in healthy people. But present enough to stabilize emotions. A therapist is only a person who serves as a good mirror for your wife. A person who is able to recoil at the things a healthy parent ought recoil at, a person who is able to be warm and accepting at the things a parent ought be accepting of. A therapist that hides behind a chair is useless. You're after someone around whom your wife isnt on-edge, and offers observations and emotive-physical reactions that your wife recognises and trusts. In a sense "that is it". It doesnt matter what superstitons the therapist uses to arrive at their questions and suggestions. By being experienced and empathetic -- and "parental" -- the right person need have no particular theoretical background. It's hard to say how easy it is to distinguish the good from the bad here. I guess you need to trust your intuition about how your wife feels in the situation. You need to have seen a few yourself and be aware that some people simply make you profoundly comfortable because of who they are -- and it is these you are looking for. I am myself incredibly set on-edge by anyone i sense faking any emotion, so I cannot even be near therapists who smile too much (etc.). Fortunately, you do not need to "put up" with being in any sense on-edge. Find one that fits. There is no science of human emotional instinct (yet). Your wife's issues are extremely unique to her, in the sense that they are connected to her particular experiences and ways of thinking. What is needed is an opening up about these, to create a safe environment in which your wife feels able to recognise her self, and to relearn an emotionality (, identity, self-awareness, understanding of consequences, appreciation of the future, understanding that relationships remain constant when people go out of view...) and other things besides. PS. As far as criteria go, I believe years of experience is the main one. While the mechanism of change, I believe, is the interaction between the therapist and patient -- more experienced therapists will be able to spot more subtle problems. Newer ones will be easy for a person with BPD to fool. People with BPD are often, essentially, in a constant state of acting where they are fooling themselves with superstitions about who they are. The therapist needs to be alert to these superstitions being employed as explanations in answers to their questions. Ie., they need to be alert to your wife lying (but a lie she is not herself aware of). By way of example, I observed a therapist once say to a patient that he wouldnt tolerate anyone being different than he was. He made this observation based on the patient wishing to be "understood". The connection was: the patient was misdescribed people "misunderstanding" him to actually their disagreeing with him.. and he couldn't tolerate disagreement. The therapist made this suggestion base on their experience with this not uncommon issue (anger and hostility may often be a product of a fear of difference). https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15827799 A simulation of digestion, does not digest pizza. > Either a computer can perfectly imitate digestion, or it can't. Yeah, it cant. What you seem to think is that "imitation in form" means being the same as. A photograph of me is imitation in the form of me, it isnt me. It doenst have a pulse. The universe is not an idealised abstract world of Forms, and so anything with the same abstract pattern is equivalent. Abstract patterns exist only form our point of view. They are our way of describing things. To say a computer imitates anything is only to say that when we look at it, we can use it to inform ourselves. Simulating digestion is a means of learning about digestion because we design it to correlate across systems. Without a point-of-view to impose correspondence, the two systems are a like in no respect. "Being a simulation of" is like Beauty. Its not a process in the universe, its not a property of objects. A piece of silicon with an oscillating electric field across it remains the same regardless of whether it is running the "digestion simulation" or the "consciousness simulation". It is only a matter of electrical frequencies and amplitudes. This acquires meaning to us when we look at them. In the case of digestion one 01010 pattern means "too acidic", in the case of a lifelike chat bot "01010" means "hi!". The cinema screen is not a train. It's a movie. Its just light hitting a canvas. It wont hurt you. 01010 isnt acid. It isnt thought. It's just a voltage fluctuation, it cant talk to you. > When I watch a movie, I don't care if the camera was pointed at real events, or if it was CGI. We call something conscious because it actually thinks, not because it can fool human beings into believing it does. The foolishness of a human audience is not the measure of all things. Whether neo exists or not matters. We have moral obligations to thinking things, we have none to non-thinking things. etc. We have none to fictional things. They are not "running a biological program". Acid melting metal isn't a "program" it's a chemical reaction. Consciousness is what I am doing . That's my definition of the term. It's incoherent to say "what's my evidence for it". > In terms of external behavior, you're admitting this machine could match a human? No. I am only saying that a stupid human being using only stupid human faculties of speaking to something might be fooled, by their stupidity, into thinking they were speaking to something as equally stupid as their are. A dog which observes a toy dog walking around may bark at it as-if it were another dog. But that toy dog isnt. it doesnt think, it has no emotion, experiences no pain. has no goals, no interests, no skills, etc. No piece of silicon will every amount to more than a toy dog. Neuroscientists will not be fooled by it. Incraesingly sophisticated tests of cognition and goal-directed behaviour won't be fooled by it. People on the street might be. But their foolishness is no guide to the temperature of the sun, the cause of the tides, nor whether the toy dog thinks., Does simulating a gold bar turn the simulation into gold? I feel im going round in circles here. A description of a system, even if that description is "active" (ie., it evolves over time)... is not the same as the system. I can take a photograph of a mountain. My hand has no mountain in it, but a photograph. I can describe any system with mathematics. I can give every atom in your body a number for all of its properties, and a location with respect to the centre of the earth and then append all those numbers together to form a massive number X. Over time because your position and properties change the number which describes you X2 differs from X. If I start by writing X down, then X2, then X3, etc. then the ink on the page describes you as a changing system. The ink isnt you. It isnt alive. It's ink. That is all a machine is. We have replaced ink with electricity and paper with silicon, but it is only correlated with a changing number. WE perform the translation from this number to something else in the world. The person who reads the ink on the paper is the person who knows what X becoming X2 means as it pertains to you. The paper and ink do not mean anything alone, they are not you and share none of your properties. When a chat bot says "hi" it is just a change to an LCD screen caused by an electrical fluctuation caused by a prior electrical fluctuation. It is just a new line of ink on the page. There is nothing thinking, saying, speaking, understanding, "hi". It is just a change to some liquid crystal which fools you as you read it. YOU impart meaning on it when you look at it. It isnt a person, it's just ink. The most ambitious we can be about machines is that they fool people into thinking they are having a conversation with someone. Ie., that paper shreds with ink phrases on them tumble out of a folder in just-the-right-order as-if a conversation was happening. But it's a tumbling of electric, there is no conversation. There are tests to distinguish gold from silicon. And so there will be for however your machine works. I cannot say now what those test will be, any more than you can make such a machine. Something not being the thing it is simulating entails there will be tests to distinguish it. The tests cannot be "cognative" because there is no cognition going on. A simulation of an animal does not live in the world, experience and understand it -- nor render the world intelligible to itself and others. A simulation of an animal is just a current flowing around a wire. I would guess the tests will always, actually, be quite simple -- perhaps not expressible as a single conversation -- because somehow like a chess game it has every infinite sequence of conversations available to it. Perhaps, in a novel social situation adapting to evolving minds as they respond to each other. Suppose this is recorded today: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99IitWYZ0aU#t=60s and your machine is sat in the audience. The question is then: "What does Kenneth think about the audience's laughter?" > You don't touch the machine directly, you get the numbers the simulation spits out. So you're restricting the use of this machine to a situation designed to fool human beings? The criterion for general intelligence is actual intelligence, not putting it in ideal conditions and seeing if people are fooled. > Why would the simulation fail this test? It seems like you think this machine is going to simulate the entire universe, evolve its model of the universe and therefore perfectly predict its next state -- and on the basis of this prediction provide an answer. Sure, perhaps I will concede: if you are able to simulate the universe in infinite detail you might be able to perfectly predict its next state. This isnt any ambition of any one however. And has nothing to do with AI. If the precondition of AI is "a perfect simulation of everything", then that's close enough -- for me -- to call it impossible. Even so, in this sense however, we do not " simulate gold " . What it means to "simulate gold" is to take some small number of aspects, model them with equations, and run those equations. A video game that allowed you to perform mass-spectrometry on any possible compound, along with everything else you could possibly do to everything -- would I think, be a video game which requires a whole other universe to exist. And so, it seems your argument is that "when scientists can model the universe in infinite detail so as to perfectly predict its next state, we will have AI!" (and, as far as the quantum state of brains go, it's close enough to inifinity to model all of that).. OK, sure. I don't know how scientists are going to build a universe simulator without a "theory of everything" and how, even with such a theory, a machine can predict the next-state of a large system in sub-infinite times. Processing merely some particle collisions in the LHC takes months. I cannot see how a machine is going to actually track the evolving entangled state of an audience of human beings. "Infinitely precise information about the universe" I think actually requires you to actually be the universe. That's maybe a speculation however, but I would be surprised if the universe could be described in less volume than it occupies. And if an infinity of precision (ie., perfect parity in every simulated result) is actually possible without the target system. A machine can only simulate what is known. The actual behaviour of the universe is much larger than what is known. As soon as we discover something new, then we have a test to prove the machine is a machine. > Do you think we'll never know enough about physics to simulate a small box with a person in it? In the sense you mean simulation, ie., describe with all required detail some system -- we can barely simulate a few atoms let alone a room with a human being in it. Im not sure this is even a question of knowing the physics. The problem is that even an atom has an infinite density of "descriptive information"... ie., in order to describe in toto we would be calculating forever. This is not what any one in AI is even trying to do by the way. This isnt machine learning. This isn't AI. I'm not convinced simulation in this depth will ever be achieved, I cannot imagine it could ever be performant. Every single causal interaction taking place over a second is an entire universe in itself. To have this second alone described in simulation is a vast undertaking, let alone a conversation. Maybe I would agree that while this system would be "good enough", if it could predict an appropriate response by simulating a target human being to this depth... all the way down to how dopamine bonds to receptors in the frontal lobe, etc. -- then sure, I could see that it would be close enough. However this isnt what anyone means when we say something is "simulated". They mean that it a single aspect alone is idealised into a single equation and treated under perfect conditions without any other factor being relevant, and then a calculation involving this equation is run. People in AI are not even considering animal consciousness as being a relevant thing to simulate (even though that's what consciousness is ). They think it is just a matter of some idealized formal structure. If they realised that it would require an electronic system to calculate every descriptive quantity regarding every particle of some animal, computational general-AI research projects would be binned for the next millennia at least. In the case of AI, no one is trying to "simulate a human being" in the sense you describe. They are trying to find an extremely simplified highly idealized equation to describe thinking. They are trying to model intelligence as if the salient features of animal consciousness were not biological but equational. "Good Bye" follows "Hello" because insert program ... No, "Good Bye" follows "Hello" because people who speak english have lived a life of speaking it in which experiences have been acquired in response to the world ie., their brains have developed under sociolinguistic conditions: with light and sound bouncing off their bodies and the bodies of those around them such that their neurological structure as evolved to causally associate "hello" with akind of social circumstane and "goodbye" with likewise. There is nothing apart from this connected social-neurological system that constitutes why "goodbye" follows "hello". That is how it comes to be. Any rule or system which appeals to an equation that isn't modelling this entire process to its full depth is just "accidentally correlated" with english-- and will be trivially easy to expose. And so on for every aspect of consciousness. > which it is not Yes, so you disagree with the prior commenter. You think science is the "validator" of knowledge. "I know that I am in pain" is not validated by science, and science has no role even to play in "validating" it. "I know that science works" is not validated by science and science has no role in validating it. etc. It would seem there are probably knowledge claims which belong in the domain of culture that are likewise orthogonal to science ("I know that we liked the new Star Wars"). > but what establishes validity is science/the scientific method My examples were to show that there are knowledge claims where this fails. > seeming to you to be the case That isn't my argument. My argument is inductive over the prior examples. > and so far nothing has been demonstrated that could explain anything that science can't. Science hasn't explained how science works, nor can it. Every precondition of science (causality, mathematics, etc.) goes unexplained by science. So, if you restrict the domain of inquiry to the things that science best studies (causes and their origins) then science is the best to study it. The point was that there are other domains. Yes, I think this advice isn't quite right. A pictorial formalism is possible for most if not all mathematical concepts as much as a symbolic. It just won't be naive and may not have been systematically developed and communicated / taught anywhere. The issue here is mostly just an awareness that, naively, the pictures change fast than the formula. (r^1, r^2, r^3... look more a like than lines, circles and spheres). The underlying issue here seems to be a conflict between a thin notion of existence and a fat one. A fat notion includes properties. To say "x exists" is to say that, eg., it has a spatial and temporal location. This is often just baggage brought in from common ways of speaking and thinking. It is more helpful to reduce "exists" down to its barest sense and discard any properties that often come along with it. In this "thin" sense, exists only means that you can -- roughly -- successfully talk about it. "Santa" exists, only that the object "Santa" does not possess the properties of being a man. He is a fictional object. So "Santa, the man who visits you on christmas," does not exist. I cannot successfully talk about it (ie., i cannot refer to that man, I cannot point him out, there is no way of "locating" him). In this sense I cannot see how one could object to the existence of the square root of 2. It can be successfully pointed out in the same way any number can be (esp. see the article). Only, say, that it failed to possess some properties of interest. I guess the hypothetical objector in this article wants numbers to possess the property of "being easily exemplified by stones" (or whatever), in which case sqrt(2) doesn't have that property. Why it should be that "2" exists because it can be exemplified by fingers, and sqrt(2) doesnt because it cant be -- is a bit strange. But history is full of people wishing to arbitrarily define a set of properties that count as existence. There are many different subdivision of "fat" existence, ie., which properties you take to be required in order that you can claim "x exists". If you remove all the properties you are left with the bare quantification claim: "there is one of...". Taking "exist" to be the bare quantification claim, and the properties as something in-addition to this, clarifies much of ontological discussion. "There is one of X and it is like A, B, C" Thin + A-Fat, B-Fat, C-Fat > It's a lot more productive and clearer "There can be no integers which are both even and odd", sure. Such a number cannot exist because the properties can not be co-instantiated. > Well the property of interest is having x^2 == 2. Sure, but that property is possessed by some x. The interlocutor in the article seems to resist not that this equation could be satisfied, but whatever satisfied it wouldnt "count" because it didnt possess some touchy-feely "existential" property. cf., at the end where concession is only given to defining existence within some system as opposed to some prior intuition of "Existence" which was being denied to sqrt(2). My point is that whatever this intuitive notion of existence is it's basically unhelpful. It is embedding properties into the very criterion of there-being-a-quantity of something. As in, it is not merely good enough that an x can be defined such that x^2==2 but that it must also possess the Property of Reality (whichever that might be, eg. spatial location, abbacusy, ..). It's a semantics for the term "exists", not a claim about the properties anything -- including the sqrt of 2 -- must have. Including being unique. "x exists" just means "there is an x" which just means that we can identify an object not that we can only identify one alone. There is a number which satisfies x^2==2 is just the claim that "there is an x such that x satisifes x^2==2". The claim is not "there is an x such that x uniquely satisfies x^2==2" Uniqueness is an additional property to the bare quantification claim. That my point. All this discussion is about additional properties existing things have. My point is that the bare term "exists" includes no properties its just, if you like, the beginning of the recipe with the ingredients to follow. Its a placeholder for what you will later say. The objector in the article seems to be saying the sqrt of 2 doesnt exist not because "there was no recipe" but because it didn't have his favorite ingredient. To say something doesn't exist is to say "there is no recipe for it". Santa Clause doesn't exist because there is nothing which includes the ingredients "a magical man", etc. Yes, as I've said elswhere. The object "the fictional character santa" exists. The object "the magical man who comes at christmas" does not exist. There is no such object that satisfies the claim, "there is an object which is magic and which is a man and which comes at christmas...". I agree with you, but I don't think the objector in the article is merely making that point. His scepticism seems deeper. It isnt merely that he thinks that nothing satisfies that equation, he seems to in addition think, that even if something does it wouldnt count as "existing". If the objection were merely that "x^2 == 2" isnt satisfied, then I agree, that is equivalent to saying "x does not exist" and it would be appropriate to say that. really-existing capitalism involves co-opting local power structures (parliaments, legislatures, dictatorships, puppets, etc.) to protect your cartel. If capitalism is only capitalism when there is no conglomerated power structure then capitalism is impossible. Often enough today its the left who are defenders of capitalism (ie., of disentangling power structures from coporate control) whereas the right seems possessed by the idea that whatever a company does is by definition captailism. Capitalism was all about recognizing that business interests are anti-capitalist. Really-existing communism is bad too. I think worse than really-existing capitalism as it had to pass through a dictatorship stage to be realised, and dictatorships are extremely hard to renounce when formed. What I was saying was a defence of the fundamental economic model of capitalism, not a criticism of it. > we are all suddenly better people? Yes. People are largely ethical products of situations they find themselves in. Reduce the number of opportunities for bad behaviour and you get Good People. unaccountable systems of power are the recurring situations causing bad-behaviour here. A healthy democratic capitalism aligns the interests of those power with the people. So that capital owners do not seize control. "Capital" is not capitalist. It is anti-capitalist, wanting to monopolize and dictate. Remembering the name of my spotify playlists is currently my bug bear. It's very convenient to be wandering around and control music. It quickly becomes more frustrating if you have to go back to the laptop. Increasing worker productivity has always lead to fulfilling larger a demand. What is missing from all these discussions is that human wanting is essential infinite. The more productive you can be at making something, the more it will be taken for granted and a new thing wanted. Demand is infinite. Work is created to supply it. There is no amount of labour that will ever exhaust it. All automation does is increase the space of "taken for granted products". The infinite space of potential products/services for human beings to supply still exists. 80% of the UK economy is already services from people to other people. > The fact is that British and American English will each remain distinctive So you haven't read all the article, or at least, engaged with any of its points -- perhaps rolling your eyes forwards may help in the future. The claim the author makes is that British English will die as a distinctive sort, being subsumed by foreign additions that make little sense to the way we live our lives. I quite like (1), sounds amusing and wonderful -- no? Many words in English have this origin, eg., Shakespeare did this all the time giving us the verbs "to champion", "to elbow"... from nouns. bi-* (2) is fair, being an ambiguity. reaching-out (3) contains less information than the alternatives provide, but do they provide too much? Given how we are connected in so many different ways now, does labouring to include which mechanism really seem efficient? (4) Bootstrapping is an american cultural fetishization of individual spunk/moxie (etc. americans have many words for it). I suspect your objection has more to do with this cultural disposition to self-promotion and borderline delusional accounts of their own gumption and lack of others. Europe, owing to the class system and 1000s-year+ settlement has a lot more preoccupation with the role society plays in success. As far as all that goes however, "bootstrapping" seems a good word to mean, "I think I did most of this myself". PS. I will say, for any offended americans, that I think europeans sometimes have the reverse delusion, esp. the british: that nothing can be done alone, and it's not worth trying. Sure, "reaching out" does suggest an over-familiarity. Again this is a cultural thing: Americans like to be friendly in a distance sort of way (which looks to european like pretending they are more socially promixmate than they really are). For that reason I find it quite uncomfortable to be around a lot of them in one go. Europeans prefer social distance to be bridged quickly and directly, whereas Americans prefer to smooth it over with familiarity. I tried really hard there not to call it dishonest. But it feels very dishonest to me. Of course, in Europe the British are the most American here: the further east you go the more direct people get. Incidentally, this does speak to the point the author was making: how we are adopting idioms that are not culturally appropriate. For sure, I think, we do not "reach-out" because we do not include a sense of proximity in the way we speak to strangers. PS. Our Hotels are becoming increasingly Americanized in their service culture. Thankfully it's not everywhere. American waiters/etc. are almost repulsively familiar and "helpful". From an American's POV anything less would probably be considered an additional rudeness. Every culture makes a public/private distinction and has different social conventions in each. For example, sarcastic/ironic/cutting humour is mostly a private-space thing in america -- whereas in the UK it's common to both. I'd say this is related to their deep sense that public spaces should be friendly-distant. For this reason, amongst others, Americans have a reputation for not understanding irony/british sense of humour. It's more that they don't expect it in public places. I'd imagine an American experience of people British people joking at (say,) a funeral is something like a British experience of an American helpline. Vaguely repellent. It's because it's mixing public/private which crosses intimacy lines. And intimacy is closely related to disgust (eg. someone you dont like kissing you). PS. I've just had another thought about that. One of the issues we have in the UK at the moment is the importation of a strange kind of political correctness where you mustn't joke about stereotypes etc. (which is a particularly european thing: to joke about each other's culture -- this tends to feel connecting to europeans). My guess is that because, in America, public spaces are supposed to be friendly-distant (hence why they censor all sorts of words, etc.) we have imported this sense about certain kinds of jokes. To the American sensibilities a stereotyping joke in a public space is alienating. To a european one, it's a gesture towards intimacy. I think we're probably going to lose this to American culture. We may have already. Though still, it's interesting to observe: get a group of europenas of different nationalities together and they bond by joking about sterotypes. Stereotype an american and they think you're being hostile and trash-talking them. Sure, I've considered that too. That's the missing context British people have when opining about the American way of doing politics: that it's keeping a lid on something that here we do not have. However I think it's more than that. The places that have the most european sense of humor and way of live are those with the highest population density. New York / Boston humour is quite close. Yet, NY -- the most dense US city -- is still only have as dense as paris. The US is incredibly sparse. Everything is very far away from everything else even within cities: a shop is a drive from another shop. I suspect that does something peculiar to public spaces. The recent civil war and racism doesn't help though. Before the sceptics get in: 1. The purpose of DSM/ICD is often to justify financing treatment: > Chris Ferguson, a professor of psychology at Stetson University ... described the ICD as "the book of real diseases that you can get insurance payments for." 2. Treatment has to be mindful of the specific form of addiction: > "These are co-morbid conditions," he said. "If you just treat the depression and not gaming, the gaming is likely to come back." This suggests it's a unique condition, he said. 3. No we are not "medicializing everything": > But Ferguson argued that, if it is a disorder, it seems to be very rare. NB. Before criticizing modern psychiatry keep in mind: 1. mental health patients are extreme in their dysfunction, never common. 2. the operation of the brain (, nervous system, etc.) in its interaction with its environment is as liable to breaking as any other part of the body 3. modern clinical psychiatry is an evidenced-based, research-driven field which treats and forms diagnoses on the basis of decades of research into any particular condition. It isnt the 1950s. Ahh, sigh. I was writing with ADHD in mind actually. Up to 10% children really do have ADHD which is a delay in the development of the frontal lobe. Such a delay seems "somewhat common" amongst humans. More than half catch up, leaving upto 5% of adults with some form of ADHD. ADHD is serious. It is a severe impairment to planning, self-management, emotional regulation, etc. You are likely to be impoverished without substantial resources to rely on (family, etc.). > are a bit worrying > it's not provided as a package of bio-psycho-social treatment. ADHD researchers (serious neuroscientists & clinical psychiatrists) have for DECADES tried "biosocial blah blah". It has failed. ADHD is not a failure of child training (ie., parents "Raising Their Child Right!!!"). Overwhelmingly the effective treatment for ADHD is pharmocological. At this point comments like yours, along with the media hysteria, are doing real harm to children actually getting treatment. The problem we have with ADHD is significant under treatment and under diagnosis. It turns out all those "useless" people joked about in human history have not just been failures of character: in need of "social" intervention. They have had a physical impairment, a delay in their brain's development. Not Fixable by a good beating, or whatever the touchy-feely equivalent is. The suggestion that a child with a broken leg not receive crutches would be absolutely outrageous. Or a person with cancer not receive a daily pill treatment. The very same outrage should be felt here in the suggestion that people with ADHD not receive medication vital to their ability to even pay attention to their lessons (goals, etc.). Vital to their ability to socailize (ie., control their frustation in ways that doesnt alientate other children). And therefore vital to their future success. Yes there does need to be a fundamental reorganization to western education systems to, from the ground up, be aware of how wide-spread developmental issues are -- and to build in fundamental support structures. However this isnt a "treatment" for ADHD. There is no cure. This is just bracing the crutches. Overwelmingly the research over the last 30 years has shown the only significant impact on ADHD is pharmocological. The most reasonable thing to think about any mental health disorder is whatever the consensus in clinical psychiatry is. That is the point. It is so overwhelmingly well-researched, that even if its conclusions are wrong, no lay person is going to be in a position to have "an argument" that hasn't already been considered and researched and folded into the consensus. This isnt the case with social sciences, and it isnt the case with macroeconomic policy. Both of these are about groups of humans, not individual humans, and are fundamentally about behaviour in the face of cultural/economic/social changes. That kind of analysis is purely speculative and historically accidental in the way that giving people adderall and measuring their cognitive performance isn't. A man on the street may well have good reasons to speculate differently about the evolution of his society that those speculations produced in some university in a foreign country. A man on the street can have no good reason to act against the consensus of research-based medicine. To do so is to fly blindly into an area of profound research depth and consideration. We have a problem today of these domains being equivocated. About people believing they are experts because the "Experts" they see are really political speculators and commentators of macro-cultural changes. And so everyone thinks everything is speculation. This is profoundly not the case for, let's say, what the best treatment plan for bipolar disorder, adhd, autism, clincial depression, psychosis, etc. etc. etc. is. ...which has folded in lifetimes of research on the way the brain works, the way that drugs work, CBT, social therapies, counselling, etc. etc. etc. ... An opinion on what "should be done" about a family member with bipolar disorder may as well be an opinion about what should be done about their thyroid problem, carpal fracture, lymphoma, etc. The bane of society, I think, is mentally healthy people. They run politics but have absolutely no appreciation for what works for non-healthy people. Which is all the people who acutally rely on politics/society. I think conservatism as a personality is a symptom of good mental health: if you arent able to do something, its lazyness. So you must just need some motivation: either a beating or some money. etc. That's true if you're mentally healthy. If not then the ways you are failing arent even imaginable from the POV of mental health. And they are as communicable as cancer, or any physical illness. The last century is full of works by people who have recently taken acid telling everyone how "everything is now differnet" etc. How they couldnt even have imagined the things they took for granted in how their minds work were actually variable. Every mental illness is its own unique form of acid. And unless you've been on an acid trip, or are very well informed medically, you've no idea what it is like. I'm half reacting to a reading of your post that many readers will have, even if it's not one you intended. On the whole I appreciate you introducing the real prevalence of ADHD, etc. However the lack of engagement with the reality of treating ADHD and the implied "concerns" is a very easy prelude to a rant about middle class mothers, and the medical establishment. If I'm a little harsh to you, its only as a stand in for what your post would otherwise be used for: the occasional reader unthinkingly associating it with an attack on effective treatment. psychiatry =/= psychology =/= social psychology This is more "everything is the same" anti-expertism. Clinical psychiatry is not about p-hacking groups of 50. The treatment of bipolar disorder hasnt been decided on the basis of what happened to the last dozen undergrad students. >The matter of fact is, we know very little about how the brain works. Profoundly untrue. Even if it were truth, its very truth would preclude your ability to make this assertion. If we knew nothing, how are you estimating the nothing we know? It is no mystery what happens when you give a person lithium. Nor some speculative game to know what the effect of MDMA on PTSD patients is. Nor hocus pocus to identify the effects of repeated trauma. How are you deciding what percentage of "how the brain works" we need to know in order to do psychiatry in a reasonably well-informed way? Suppose, even, we know now 0.1% of the entire story. Is this sufficient for an evidence-based treatment of psychosis? It clearly seems to be. Since the treatment of schizophrenia is overwhelmingly more effective than anything based on a study of 50 people. Your comment may very well apply to "journalistic science" ie., the increasingly prevent, "ive just had an idea, lets get 50 undergrads and a seminar room!". That is a tiny percentage of science, even if it is the most commonly popularized. My concern was to defend the topic at hand. Trying to distinguish between different forms of economics and sociology would muddy the waters a great deal. For sure, no doubt, there is highly defensible macroeconomic and sociological work done. There does seem to be a boundary where sociology meets macroeconomics meets english literature meets arsty-psychology wherein a huge amount of highly speculative work is done. Work which seems, as far as its truth apt, mostly false. I don't think this work properly belongs to any of those subjects and is really a kind of speculative blogging that certain academics like to do that happens to get published somewhere. However that also tends to get seen more often than their detailed work on interest rates in the 1970s. Improvement is in treating. Don't false equivocate. If we were to open more mines than there were in 1900 we may well see more broken legs. However we're far better at treating a broken leg. Though it is not at all clear that "mental health" is deteriorating. It may be that some forms of mental health issues are more prevalent today (eg. anxiety and depression). But that is no where near the whole picture. An entire generation of people were traumatized by WW1 and WW2, and by the generation of parents who through that traumatization, traumatized their children. Extreme disorders of the personality, PTSD, etc. simply were seen as normal then because they were so overwhelmingly common. PTSD didnt exist as a diagnosis till 70s, and yet it would characterize a generation of people under war. If I were to speculate, I would say that we are overwhelmingly better in our general mental health. That we recognise it as an issue suggest a profound advancement. I don't see it being cynical. I think it's the opposite of evil. It paints conservatives as entirely reasonable people making entirely reasonable suggestions but simply failing to appreciate difference. A failure to appreciate difference is not evil, its part of how everyone acts in entirely well-intentioned ways. Also, I dont think anywhere near half of any country has a conservative personality . Certainly the GOP are not today defined by their conservatism, whatever it is, it is radical. I would say a fundamentally conservative personality is something most common in the vaguely upper-middle classes. It is present, to a degree, in the more traditional working class environments (eg. mom-and-pop store children, etc.). It's all about seeing your success follow from your actions in a way that you control. It's about being able to plan, execute, and understand consistently -- for most of your life. I think that's rarer than half, maybe 1/3? At a guess. And i think its not partisan: there are leftwing and rightwing conservatives. > the rules of society are designed by the neurotypical majority That's another way of putting it. I'm not sure the majority are neurotypical however. I think, rather, "neurotypicality" is a background assumption of certain institutions because it's easier to design for an average even if it doesn't exist (no 1 human being is mean in every respect). However those who experience life-long mental health, and esp. for most of their childhood, I think are overwhelmingly "conservative" in their personalities . And I think these sort do tend to find themselves in more elite/visible positions. Political systems represent those who hold power. They do not represent a majority (power is the mechanism of representation, not mere existence). In democracies, there is more "tending towards the majority". But still, it is very much a symptom of who can be elected, who is elected, etc. Yes, this "Social" view of disability has I think, gone too far. A dog with three legs is much worse at being a dog. There is really something it is to be a human, and it isnt just defined by culture and present-day society. We live on earth. We eat food. We socialize. We, by being human, do a very large number of things merely because we are human. And if you damage part of our body, we can't do those things. And doing those things is a fundamental part of what we do. ADHD really is a neurological impairment on this scale. It isn't "being less productive". It is a torture, a trauma, an on-going alienating, destabilizing impairment. You might say "well couldn't there be a society where ADHD was an advantage "... i'd say basically No, not without changing the human species. Yes, maybe we could imagine one. A society perfectly designed for people with ADHD, but when you describe that society in detail, you'd discover its profoundly impairing to people without ADHD. As in, imagine we all lived as if we had no arms. That would be an extreme oppression to the almost everyone who does. And that's because on-earth, doing the things human beings do, arms are inherently part of doing those things well. That is why not having arms is a disability, not a lifestyle choice. Similarly for vision, hearing, etc. ADHD is an impairment to advanced cognitive function. It's an impairment to your minds ability to "see" itself. The moment we start to say, of children with ADHD, that they should have this impairment.. that it's our "culture" that decides this impairment is bad... I think that's a gross abuse of those children. It's turning your own lack of dependence on pharmacology, your own health, into a trap for people who do need it. > By what measure? Did you even read my reply? I looked at those studies. They do not at all address issues like PTSD, personality disorders, trauma and other mental health issues which, for example, would certainly characterize huge numbers of people in the interwar and post-war period. Yet, where as these numbers? PTSD didnt exist at the time. Trauma wasnt even considered, in part, because it was so wide spread. Domestic violence, murder, rape, assault, theft, etc. were crazy high only 30 years ago. Western societies were incredibly violent and predatory placeo, and this gets significantly worse the further you go back. At the beginning of the 20th C. 1 in 20 women were dying in childbirth, murder was 10-a-penny, almost everyone was impoverished. Children routinely went hungry. But oh year. Now we're a bit more depressed. THe 20th C. was a century of trauma. Child abuse was institutionalized. Domestic violence was how families worked. WW1, WW2, Vietnam (and many other wars) left a generation of men absolutely traumatized. The studies have no reliable data to work with, as there was no empirical psychology for the bulk of the 20th C. collecting societal-level information on mental health. Subjective "happiness" reporting has not much to do with mental health. A financially secure person who was routinely sexually assaulted as a child may well report being happier in 1985 than a poorer, less economically stable person today with otherwise excellent mental health. For several decades economic securiyt has been decreasing in the west causing people to feel less "happy" (ie., to be more often worrying). This has an impact on their mental health, but I'm sceptical it comes close to the impact of the vietnam war. The 20th C. was horrific and a horror for everyone. Any "psychologist" nostalgic for the 20th C. either knows nothing of psychology, nothing of history or both. Everything we interact with has an effect on us. We name the causal origin of these effects, we do not name the effect. When I say "the flag is white", I mean that it is causing a white-effect. Whiteness is the property which causes the white-effect (ie., a perception of white). By communicating to you that it is so-causal, I am saying that it will cause you to experience the same thing. "White" isnt just any part of the process we want to choose it's the feature of the object which does the work. Communication is incohrent and impossible if "white" is naming something radically subjective like my state which is private. There is then the open question about whether what causes my white-perception now is the same as what caused it earlier, and whether the defintion of the kind "white" can therefore be performed by a physicist alone. Probably, it cannot. Our sensation of colour is provoked by different stimuli. That doesnt make colour relational, or physiological, or necessarily anything of that kind. It simply makes it plural. There are several ways to be blue, though we detect them all as-if they were the same. I meant something narrower by "experience". Not that you will be in the same mental state in every respect, but of the state you are in, it will have the feature of "seeming-to-see-a-white-thing" which I also share. Causes carve experience into pieces which we communicate. > we call white what we see as white. Yes, but we're not naming our private sensation. We arent saying "the flag is me feeling a particular way". We're saying "the flag has the relevant feature of making me feel a particular way". The word "white" refers to a feature of the object. If I say, "is that paper white?" I am not asking if it is a feeling. I'm asking if it will cause one. A bank is a third party company which manages your money. Illegal things are illegal. It's a risk vs. convenience calculation people make, as with banks themselves. Not sure why you're being down-voted. Colonialism isn't capitalist, it's like the opposite of capitalism. Nations going to war and invading each other for "economic reasons" is almost always a symptom of a mercentalism. War isnt a form of economic competition, it's a mechanism to enforce protectionism. Unless we're using the humanities defintion of capitalism by which we mean "anything bad the west has done, up to and including the death of Socrates". That's very interesting. I experience something similar when tired. Hypnogogia is a hallucinatory state experienced related to sleep and tiredness and I have experienced a wide variety of things in that state. Eg. half-opened eyes, seeing my room perfectly with a clock that showed the correct time but when i open my eyes fully there was no clock. Also auditory things as you describe. Replays of other sound. Well. People still don't know, but now they have enough information to seem as-if they do. Understanding is not a matter of a google. It's a decade of relevant experience. You might beat the PhD to the factoid phrase, but when you come to employ the fact in the relevant problem you won't even know where to begin or even what it really meant. People aren't exercising their ability to distinguish parroting from understanding, as-if intellectual work is just different forms of trivial pursuit. The answer seems, then, "No". These laws and institutions to enforce them do not exist in india, that's the problem They do in the EU, and this doesn't happen. Markets are economic systems that separate people into amoral atoms that have no mechanism to turn moral agreement into general behaviour. Even if I agreed something should happen, my isolation from others makes my individual actions a form of charity and an injury to myself. If one company refrains from pollutants, it is "donating" profits to a moral cause not persuasive to other businesses. Yet if all-at-once agreed, no business is making a loss with respect to another. I cannot really imagine what place libertarians really want to live in. They seem to think morality is an individual action radically isolable from cooperation with others. It isnt. The attempt to make it one creates markets for murder, rape, etc. as natural concequences of people's moral isolation. Our bodies are physically isolated from others. Our emotions, ideas, etc. are not. When a crowd at a football game emotes, they all emote together.. inevitably and causally functioning as a coherent whole. Because the individuals cannot chose their reactions, they react the same way. They adopt a purpose, agency, goals and emotional structure that is only rationally intelligble when applied to the whole group. Morality is founded in this inevitable common reaction to circumstances which binds people together under common purpose. Isolating people destroys their ability to act acording to their moral desires... you impair yourself to be how you would wish to be. That's to say nothing of the mere collective action problems involved in any system of "mere individuals" whose cooperation cannot be guaranteed. NB. incidentally, (nearly?) all human success is founded in coherent group action. The individual is a stupid useless distractable ape. Only in concert with a common-purpose-with-others do we succeed. This is, after all, what a "business" is. Yeah, you're a lone wolf. No you arent. You're an ape. You arent chosing anything you feel, including this rebelliousness which may have its origins in fear of unpredictable group emoting. I have that fear too, I am equally mistrusful of groups and of authority. But that mechanism is merely a feedback cycle into group emotional regulation. Your fear is just another tool of group cohesion. We are fundamentally a social species it is core to the construction of our psychology. Your dissent isnt lonefulness, in which you wouldnt even be commenting here.. your impetus to involve yourself with others is your group drive. Even if, internally, this seems "rebellious" -- rebellion is a mode of group interaction. You're conflating being "turned off" with some mythical form of individualism. What you mean by individualism is actually a form of group dynamic. > is either force or alcohol. In fact it is neither. It is the very same thing that provides you with impetus to comment here. People talk about the downsides of this. But it does mean all the tech you buy today is going to be use able in 10ys. That's quite a win. load the data into a database (sqlite is very good). use the database. delete the database. Each step is a transformation X | Y | Z The @ is the result from the prior transform. I would've preferred _ from scala, but meh. 100% you should. All of what you have just described isnt very hard in SQL.. coalescing on null, aggregating, etc. GROUPING SETS() will give you your missing rows. That's not correct, but a widely held view. The speed differs to the properties of the EM field in these materials, not due to absorption. How do you explain the magnetic and dielectric constants of free space? With great difficulty. cf. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permittivity Yes, the electronic structure of a crystalline material. That is one dimension of the "optical dielectric function" which is to do with the directionality of variation. Light is the motion of magnetic and electric fields, the "ease" of this motion is affected by a variety of factors. The speed of light depends not only on electric, but also magnetic field formation. And of each kind, there are a variety factors. The vacuum itself resits electromagnetic motion to some degree. I was observing that it isnt the case that light simply has one speed, the field in which it travels itself is damped. Somewhat concerning this has so many votes. I dont see the hackernews crowd being sympathetic with a pdf hidden behind a request for information. Who's voting? Yes, it's a challenge to the person you're speaking to. It's a great way just to learn without losing face if you need to. The alternative sentiment is "I'm lost, please help" which may not be accurate. There does need to be some way to express, "I am competent enough to understand this, I do not understand this, so something is going wrong and it isnt my stupidity". Dehydration causes sugar binges for this reason. There's many a time, I believe, I've mistaken a loss of appetite control for some "emotional event" when it's been mere dehydration. I recently traveled for several days without drinking much and sugar binged when getting home. I assumed the travel had stressed me, rather, I was just severely dehydrated. It's what you expect, but it costs them money to verify these expectations. I'd guess this is about saying "we've verified this" . I'm not sure above over-fitting. Rather, it's a form of hysteresis. Trauma typically creates an outsized fight/flight response which overwhelms your executive. Your conscious awareness and actions emerge out of a competition of different systems. With trauma, the executive fails to compete. Yes, and especially, I don't know if a psychopath would cower in their bed. Psychopathy goes along with a diminished sensitivity to pain and a generalized dissociative state, and I'd expect after a high-stress event, this dissociation to be extremely pronounced possibly to the point of total detachment from their environment. Psychopathy is a "fight" response to stress, coupled with a extreme impairment to self-imagine/empathy. Its not a choice, its a lifelong pathology that I struggle to see diminish after a mere fight. In particular, I wonder if a psychopath would really have much concern for their body in this way. I think they would be more concerned to protect its integrity/image than afraid of damage. Maybe the were pretending to cower because that's what they thought this chump wanted to see. The way he talks about this situation though -- he comes off strongly as a person self-justifying and duty bound to do something obviously wrong. I took it as an exaggeration. This story is not presented in away which is sympathetic at all. We're taking it as a given a person deserves a serious physical assault, and then invited to enjoy the idea of their assault. It reads as a kind of revenge fantasy. Whether it is true or not, the preoccupation with the humiliation and defeat of this person; the duty-bound self-justification of what has to be done. The enjoyment of physical violence and the expectation that others will be impressed by this display of physical violence. Nothing here is very healthy. Conceivably there are serious predators of people who can be deterred by violence. I don't think this post communicates this point, rather, something more disturbing about its author. The paralipsis of " While I don't revel in this ..." is revealing. Well "were" doesnt preclude "are". To say "are" however requires a whole set of other evidence much harder to obtain. I think there's a contradiction here. In selecting for intelligence a harm is acquired: the risk of sevre autism. So "simplistic perception" is not correct. By selecting for intelligence, we incidentally acquire a problem. Well, either way, their competitors are icloud/onedrive/googledrive... box'ing-out isnt going to be a successful strategy. I guess you're down-voted for both having a non-obvious opinion and phrasing it in a hostile way. You are correct however, but it's more understanable than you make out. Rather, the education system is designed to impart the skill of information recall -- which was essential to actually acquiring the target skills (ie., you needed to remember lots about chemistry before doing any). Remembering sentences about a skill has no relationship to being able to do it, only, that as you're learning to do it, those will be an aid. That hasnt been true for less than 20 years, perhaps 10 with the prevalence of smart phones in 2007. The whole system is set up to impart the skill of recall and grade according to your ability to recall. There is a implicit general awareness that you're actually not aquiring the target skills. eg., after 5-7 years of french in the UK, no 18 year old can speak french. And so on for every subject. The same is true all the way up until PhD. It's our historical model of what education was for: giving you the library up-front. The skills were to be obtained in employment, and with any self-motivated practice. Today that is painfully ridiculous, and there's really almost no value in it. Leaving the warehousing, grading and certifying functions of educational institutions their only apparent use. PS. There's an argument to say education hasn't needed to be this way since the advent of public libraries, cheap books, which is still late 20th C. This is plausible enough too. Our template of education is still basically a mix of medieval and Victorian, with the presumption that books are hard to obtain or difficult to survey oneself. note that primary/elementary schooling isnt set up this way: it is deliberately skilling. This makes it very effective and very important. PhD is skilling in academic skills. Undergrad and most masters programs are still just going for information recall. This is why PhDs are specific, intensive, daily, guided, etc.These are all the characteristics of skill aquistion. Compare, say, with paino tuition. All skill acquisition is basically a form of apprentiship. PhDs are apprentice academics. Ask yourself the simple question: after finishing this education what skillful activities can I actually do ? After primary education: reading, writing, remembering, etc. After secondary: basically the same. After tertiary: basically the same. After PhD: run a particular kind of experiment, analysis, etc. After 10 years in a programming team: solve professional programming problems. After 10 years with a piano tutor: play the piano. The question "what can I do?" seems always answered with: not much. This should be quite shocking, and today it is -- really, that is the correct answer. Your BSc amounts to "not much". No, a BSc in physics should and can impart actual skills in physics. It would require the whole process to be lead by a tutor in small groups. And each day you would work through experiments, mathematics related to them, writing reports about them. You would read books together, and work through their practice exercises together. You would be set to individual practice as often as a piano student is. And tutored as often as a piano student is, or much more often, given the compressed time. For computing, you would need daily tutored high-skill computer use. You need tutored programming. Your time would be mostly in projects, with seminars where you read through the theoretical things together. The tutor would be guiding your progress individually, dealing with your issues and showing you the skill of programming, etc. The "lecture" is a spoken textbook delivered to hundreds of students. It isnt giving you any skills. It's not designed to do that. Mistaking it for skill acquisition, which is what most people do, is pathological. > Maybe lack of education... You've confused the worst excess of the current educational system ( knowledge about a framework!) as what I am arguing for. That is what we have now. Skills are modes of thought, imagination, creativity, attention, deliberation, etc. They require a lot of training in each. To be a programmer is to think, imagine, attend to, and deliberate differently. A framework has nothing to do with it. This is confusing "skills" with whoknowswhat, recalling how to solve a problem. In your terms, all of education is at the moment, learning the API of a framework. What it should be is how to think and act like a programmer. All of education is learning the pattern of notes in beethoven's fifth. What is should be is how to play the piano, and compose for yourself. School is useful insofar as its guiding and motivating, yes. This is tutoring. Everything else it does is a waste of time. That's where you'll find most of the actual time spent though, and it is certainly not an educational aim. The aim is to grade on recall. It is not to motivate, or guide. You're conflating character assessments with moral ones. A racist may be both immoral and good natured. Exploitation is a moral term. It says that the mere existence of a whole group of people is immoral. It's not clear that it is, nor even really what "exploitation" means. You may wish to include the entire sentence: > When Arthur Eddington—the British astrophysicist who led the team that confirmed Einstein’s predictions, during a solar eclipse in 1919—was asked if it was really true that only three people in the world understood the theory, he said nothing. “Don’t be so modest, Eddington!” his questioner said. “On the contrary,” Eddington replied. “I’m just wondering who the third might be.” It's hard to understand without it. PG's anti-philosophy agit-prop is always very juvenile. The "philosophy is proto-versions of everything else" schtick is such a confused, petulant view. Research academic analytic philosophy as practiced in contemporary universities at post-grad level, as published in journals, has nothing to do with the "philosophy" of history which meant any "thinking systematically". (Imagine "physics" being held to account for artistotle's Physics!) Research philosophy is metacogition, ie., the application of concepts-about-concepts to whichever concepts are of interest to a given philosopher: everything from programming to physics to art. This isnt a proto-version or a degraded version or anyhting. Its an enitrely different discipline. Physicists do not regard cycling has some "proto" version of classical physics. The employing of domain concepts is different to employing metacognative concepts to that domain. The latter is a whole field of independent research with its own goals, criteria, method. No, I don't think there is "more to philosophy". That's my point. That's like saying "there's more to banks than just places you put money, they also line the edges of rivers!". The term "philosophy" is polysemous, and refers to distinct methodologies/areas. Continental philosophy has a more literary methodology and has very differnt concerns. On the whole, the methodological assumption behind the whole activity is that phenomenology is the horizon of study. Ie., it denies the causal origin of experience. You might call this a "radically specialized area of the general activity of PHILOSOPHY with peculiar methodology". Equally, that would apply to any discipline whatsoever. Equally, physics meets such criteria. In this sense then continental philosophy is not at all philosophy in the sense i mean. Nor is popular philosophy. Self-help books. "Metaphysics" as meant by crystal weilding "spirituals". All this is a reuse of the term. One may as well as a al-chemist for help with chemistry. He means the former. You cannot induce a personality disorder, its a lifetime of trained patterned thinking/action/deficit. Hello -- I tried to email you once to inquire about setting up a business relationship with the company I work for (one of the largest training organizations in the world). Is this an avenue you're at all perusing / interested in -- or else, do you have any sense of how other business could rely on your product? I've experienced death marches occurring precisely because the team didn't chose the right abstractions up-front because, roughly, they weren't skilled enough to have done so. Though, more than skilled enough to understand it when handed to them. If we split it into "framework writers" and "application writers" then organizing teams along these lines might improve efficiency. I train in machine learning and other areas, and I often make a "framework/application" skill level distinction made here -- where framework just means the meta-development activity. What the op comment appears to be saying here aligns along my experience of working & teaching pretty exactly. Probabilities concern how much information it is possible to have about an event: they are a description of what a perfectly rational person, under perfectly rational constraints, could know. Since I do not understand how we could know anything about "God", there could be no 'probability' associated with it. What would it mean to say 50%? That, were the universe run 100 times -- 50 runs would have a god in them? I am an atheist in exactly the same way that I am an a-leprechaun-ist. The proposition "God Exists" is one I believe to be false for extra-empirical reasons. Namely, that the inexistance of God is consistent with every given observation -- and the content of the idea seems deeply anthropocentric and psychological. Those ideas which have had no explanatory content (ie., could not be used to predict anything) and which have had a clearly human psychological construction have all turned out to be "reasonably false". At the moment holding that god does not exist is "unreasonably false" according to people (eg. You) whereas holding that leprachuans do not exist is "reasonably fasle". I believe this distinction to have everything to do with saving people's feelings and nothing to do with the content and nature of the ideas. Objects which have no explanatory power (magic, gods, etc.) are "bugs" in human thinking. No one ought believe that any of them exist. Why do you say that? Its a bug because its false. Suppose I say to you I have a magical creature in my bedroom. Surely you'd want to know more about it? Well for every question you ask, I will describe a property it has that prevents me from answering your question. Where is it? Everywhere. What does it weigh? It has no weight. How do i see it? Its invisible. And so on. These are "buggy objects". They actually possess no properties. The term "magical creature in my bedroom" doesnt actually refer to anything. But we are still able to speak of it as-if it does. And thus go around constructing speech around it: "I love my magical creature!". I am an atheist because God clearly falls into this pattern of buggy-object-generation. Take some idea that seems concrete and remove from it every impactful dimension so that what remains seems something, but is in fact, nothing. For the idea of God to even be true there ought to be something that it means for it to be true. Some property which, if absent, would make a difference. False beliefs may have other "value". Faires and sprites may be "fun" and "bring families together". But they are pure bugs. Whatever feel-good factor you want to have can be had without them. I don't believe in any of them as a class. God just happens to fall into this group. To claim that it is reasonable to believe that any object of this kind exists i think breaks reasonable thought to such a shattering degree. At that point I do not know what principles you have left to deny any form of nonesense. That is, why is "leprechauns do not exist" overwhelmingly reasonable but "god does not exist" not? There is no reason. At some point you need to draw a line and debug your reasoning. That isnt an empirical issue, its a thinking issue. Falsehoods are helpful for survival? All of them? Or only the ones you care about? What about the ones other people care about? Aunt Maple wants to use sugar water for her cancer treatment... Hmm.. strange, how much the value of false things overlaps with the number of wishful things. And how the ones we ought keep are those you like to wish for, and not those terrible wants other people wish for. One might wonder: is the false really that valuable? Do we need to revive the Norse Gods for their "value"? Or rather, is it much simpler: falsehood is a kind of oppression which limits our ability to act. "The abolition of religion as the illusory happiness of the people is the demand for their real happiness." The proposition "the universe is a simulation" is just a form of global scepticism. I am reasonably sure that the best explanation for the causal structure of the world is the causal structure of the world -- not some other world which, in some grand mystical paranoia, behaves as-if it were the world. Global scepticism is another "bug" of a different kind. It is a scepticism-loop, like conspiracy theories. In rational thought, doubt attenuates, it doesnt build. The more occurances of events occur which pertain to one hypothesis, the more confidence you should have in that hypothesis. The problem with global scepticism is that it declares, by assertion, that every event cannot reduce doubt -- for some magical reason. And so it makes escape from doubt and explanation itself, impossible. Magical reasoning of this kind is another error. Remove any unjustifiable extra-empirical premises that cause doubt to multiply rather than attenuate. If you spiral into doubt, you're in a loop. Delete the unjustifiable premise. {Simulation, Cartesian Daemon, Dreaming...} is this set.. now, of "empty substances" out of which every object is meant to be made. These are buggy. Premises of reasoning which begin, "everything is drawn from... a simulation/dream/blah" are thought-traps that cause doubt to spiral. They are, of themselves, simply made up. That they cause these spirals of doubt is nothing profound.. its in the nature of the setup. I am concerned about what is true. Nature does not determine importance. Survival is an event, it isnt a value. We determine what matters. And I do, in particular, when I am speaking of the things I care about. We have some options: "uniform and reliable" or one of an infinite varieties of "non-uniform and unreliable". Neither starting point has any effect on what makes "the earth goes around the sun" true. It is true iff there is an earth and iff it goes around the sun. If we are all deceived then that claim is false, regardless of its utility. Utility is a criterion for the most general starting point of our reasoning: how are we going to think . It isn't a criterion for truth, nor for the truth of particular beliefs. Nor does the fact that utility features in my methodological criteria mean that I am not entitled to reasonably infer truth from the method. The factory is made of steel (utility) its products are made of wood (truth), that utility features in the production mechanism does not mean it features in the product. My observation about "the simulation hypothesis" is that it isnt a hypothesis at all. It is just an alternative formulation of how to think : ie., to deny that evidence builds in support of conclusions about how the world works. It is not mysterious then that "nothing seems to work" if we presume simulation. That's by design of the thought process . Since how I think is my choice. I can chose to use the steel factory over the playdo factory. And my products are clearly of a better quality for any person concerned for production (ie., for the making of truth-claims). Whether they are true or not, my method reasonably entitles me to infer they are. The playdo method is a thought trap, and a pretty juvenile one at that. This is the trick being played: simulationy people want you to think "simulation" is just like "the earth goes around the sun". They are both, meant to be, healthy products of reasoning and thus plausible. The former is a bug in this sense: it is in fact a change to the method of truth-production it isnt one among many plausible products (truths). It is broken machinery producing nonesense. He never read the article. Yes, M.L. is always sold on the metaphor and not on the reality -- that's partly because its advocates are really unable to distinguish animal consciousness and cognition from computation. Machine Learning models are tools for computing specific predictions. They are not thoughts, have no concepts, etc. The model isnt what it is used for. A model isnt what it describes. The ability of an ML system predict a person's action isn't a reasoning process. A rock rolling down a hill predicts the path of water rolling down a hill. The rock isnt thinking about it. Describing ML models as if they were cognitive gives people the impression that computers possess the relevant concepts and understanding which is why its seems scary. It's just current through a write to a fancier dial. The whole field of artificial intelligence is missold on analogy. "Neurons" arent neurons. Replication isnt replication. AI proponents speak of photographs of animals made of ink (electrical fields in silicon) as-if they were themselves animals. Inviting us to marvel at how life-like the piece of paper is. A rock is analogues to a car from the point of view of a child. That's the problem with analogies: they are observer-dependent. A quine shares no causal property with DNA. > causal property "assembling a copy of yourself" is a description you are imposing on a series of events. The events in the case of a digital computer are certain oscillations to the electric field. That shares nothing with the chemical assembly of biological material Governments have democratic accountability and "company policy" requires a public vote in parliament/congress. A private company is a dictatorship of secrecy. Monopolistic systems are best handled by democratic governments for this reason. So if bad things happen, we may as well opt for the worse solution? This all-or-nothing thinking is pathological. Democratic systems are better than non-democratic systems in monopolistic cases. It's not a matter of it being "hard". Nor is it a matter of "complexity" (how many parts something has). A simulation is a model which picks out a tiny subset of regularities in the target to model . There is an infinite density of such regularities to pick upon, because we are imposing the structure on the target in order to model it. The target of the model has no "model structure" it has causal structure. That is, when light interacts with the surface of a mirror its interaction isnt "abstract", ie., some description. It is an actual photon interacting with an actual electric field, etc. To "model to infinite density", ie., to have every single test that can possibly be applied to a model come out identical to that test of the target, the model needs to be just another example of the target. The only thing which can be investigated in any way to behave as light hitting a mirror, is light hitting a mirror. A digital computer is just an electric field oscillating across a silicon surface. It cannot be programmed into being a mirror, nor into being light. Programming gives the electric field a "model structure". Chalk gives a blackboard a "model structure". Lego gives a bridge a "model structure". Programming cannot not -- it is impossible -- give silicon the causal structure of light interacting with a mirror. Model structure is actually just an observer-relative isomorphism: when the user of the computer (chalkboard, lego,...) looks at it, the user , is able to inform himself of the target by use of the model. To do so the user identifies certain aspects of the model with the target. The model is not at all causally alike the target. No amount of lego will make a lego brain. No amount of oscillation in an electric field will make a thought. Neurological activity, and indeed every causal mechanism of the universe, is only described by a model. That's another good way of illustrating the problem, however this is still just a symptom of the underlying problem. Models do not have the causal structure of the thing they model. The reason the model would require near infinite time to run is that its modelling a causal event, it isnt an instance of the same causal event. When electrical fields oscillate they model a bridge. No amount of activity would ever make them "solid". All "real" stuff is infinite. This form of infinity is really about saying that our descriptions cannot capture the "full depth" of the world. The world itself has no "depth". Models, rather, are simply partial descriptions of it. To turn a model into the thing its modelling via increasing its descriptive power quickly introduces infinities: its impossible. To make a model "accurate" in this sense, you must actually just make another example of the target. Ie., build that bridge. Saying "within the simulation", begs the question and rather makes a mess of the issue. The question is, at the outset, whether simulations are actual instances (eg., of thinking). My claim is that they are not. Only when a human being looks at a simulation does it inform them of the target. The simulation isnt the same thing as its target. There is no "within the simulation". A simulation is just an abbacus. A digital computer is just a fancy abbacus with a wood-to-LCD converter attached. There is no "within the wood". It's just wood. In the sense I mean, "simulating to infinite density" is just another way of saying alchemy, or magic. If you can program silicon into being gold, then "programming" is alchemy. Programming is about increasing the descriptive power of a model. The better the program, the more accurate it is. Alchemy is about making X indistiguishable-in-everyway to Y. Lead to gold. If you can make a model indistinguishable from its target, then you are claiming that programming can turn water in to wine. Silicon into gold. Making models more accurate, does not turn them into what they model. A model is just a abbacus. No movement of wood (, silicon, current,...) will turn it into a brain, which is biochemical system. Yes, but you're defining "observation" as some weird intra-wood process (, intra-silicon in the case of digital machines). Observation means, for example, reflecting some light off the thing. Does a piece of silicon become transparent if I program it to model glass? No. So, trivially, it is observed immediately not to be equivalent. What you mean by "observation" is: can a person using the model system inform themselves of the target. Do I get the message "lets visible light through: 98%" from the machine when I have correctly modelled the glass. That message isn't observation, it's calculation. Calculation is what happens when I use a tool to inform myself about something. That the machine emits the right symbols in a way that it is programmed to, so that I acquire accurate beliefs about the world, says nothing of the machine. The machine does not become transparent. Sounds like (metaphysical) idealism. The difference between idealism and realism here is meta-empirical. I would say idealism is false, and in fact, nothing is a model and everything is concrete. To call the computer program a model is to say that when I look at it, I can use it to inform myself about the world. It's an abstract property. The actual system in question is silicon and electrical current, etc. And thus shares nothing of interest with gold. I don't think there are relevant difference between thinking things. Thought is just a particular set of biochemical reactions occurring across particular kinds of biological systems (nervous systems). When you get hungry, you start thinking of food. These thoughts are, literally, products of the innervation of your stomach. I don't know what "thinking" is if computers are the kinds of things which can do it; I'd guess it would be nothing we are, in fact, doing. Two pieces of glass may differ in size, but not in what makes them transparent. Two people may differ in all sorts of ways, but not in what makes them conscious. Code smell describes code which has incurred technical debts among other things. People do not have it. The "latest language paradigms" in this case are JavaScript adopting a style of programming 40+ years old (Simula) -- despite its originating model being younger (self). Adopting paradigms because they are "recent additions" to a language is cargo cultism. Paradigms come with idioms that suit some problems better than others, and have all sorts of trade-offs and considerations. Inheritance is now widely regarded as a design approach, overall, best avoided. "easy to reason about" =/= hard to understand. The ease of reasoning about something is a feature of how complicated it makes it (partly, its incidental complexity). It's not to do with how dumb you are. Inhertiance, for example, creates systems that are often needlessly hard to reason about. Yes, but he's profoundly mentally ill. He (seemingly) has, at least, borderline personality disorder and possibly NPD. That suggests highly unstable relationships, emotions, etc. Not a life you would wish for yourself. Material luxury both comes with its own trappings (eg. fear of being kidnapped; a fear that your friends only want you for your money/fame; which creates paranoia in most rich people) -- and then, in lots of cases, mental illnesses. A lot of actors have personality disorders. The mimicry of the behavior of others is a technique in navigating social situations when you are unable/unaware of how you feel. In the "crazy interview" Tom did for scientology you can literally see him flick through a deck of emotions. His entire demeanor is a bit like a random walk through mimicking the emotional states of others. I can't recall if I had any idea of the trigger in that case. But, hypothetically, it could be a technique to disguise an unpalatable emotion he was havin. Often, I believe, this would be rage/anger/contempt. I wonder whether the "intense eyes" of cruize/kanye/etc. are that of an intense rage/contempt. Their demeanor is certianly mimicry, what it is they would be emoting is harder to ascertain. People describe being around that type as like "walking on egg-shells". That's because they really are in an anger-prone state... you just can't see it. But you can "feel" that if you slip up, the rage will become public and take the form of abuse. That may be. It's hard to say from this account alone; some people are not very sensitive to the underlying emotional state of others and take their presentations at face value. It is rare in NPD for people to actually display their genuine emotional state and its typically a situational slip-up (eg. Kanye). It might be, actually, Cruise has some other issue. Clearly however there is an issue at-hand. His emotional state has been all over the place; and he often displays an intensity that is contextually inappropriate. Could be that he has hypomanic/manic episodes. But he seems to have always been this way, ie., this isnt episodic. The people most emotionally hostile to taking drugs for mental ill-health are typically those people who need them and deny their need for them. The hostility Cruise displays feels a lot -- to me -- like this kind of denial. It has a quite a specific feeling to it. The manic who denies the need for drugs is somewhat correct in how good they feel, but they lack the self-insight to be aware of their impact on others and self-destructive tendencies. Their "intensity" arises from the europhia of (hypo)mania, the feeling that it is too good to be "medicated away" etc. and a strong desire to persist in their (hypo)manic state. But it is mostly quite debilitating, and can quickly exacerbate into psychosis. Yes, but we are only in a comment thread on HN and talking about a celebrity who can be in no possible danger from anything I am saying. > making this assertion on a message board would be baseless speculation. Yes, its speculation. But arent we exactly on a message board where we are speculating? Isnt this whole conversation, from the OP article itself, a game of speculation? Why refrain from speculating about the mental health of a person? You seem to be repeating good-natured pablum which applies, of course, when dealing with specific vulnerable people who could be affected by such speculation. In this case, certainly, it would be bad. But we're not in that case. Its entirely reasonable to make a judgement about the mental health of other people, in the course of assessing their life. > You're pontificating about someone's mental health despite the fact that you cannot possibly be informed about it. Yes, like every person in this thread on every topic in this thread. Speculation isn't bad in itself. It's pretty necessary in the course of discussing a topic. I am not diagnosing anyone. I am speculating about a diagnosis for the purpose of illustrating problems I believe Tom Cruize may have: so what? All roles are equal, but some are more equal than others. They didnt really "get away with it". But as far as Oracle, for example,doing something similar -- yes, open source languages get more of a pass. Being an open community effort gives you a free-pass to make mistakes because you're methodologically sincere. Decisions are made by, and on behalf of, those who use the systems. Having proprietary interests means you're methodologically insincere: mostly, you sell decisions for the developer but they are mostly for the company. There's no CTO on https://movio.co/en/company/ Seems like a red flag. I'm all for companies releasing technical blog posts, but there's some really strange framing here. This is actually a story about how decisions get made, and how better ones can be made. Reading a company's mea cupla tells you they are well-informed and well-intentioned. This is not a story which presumes good decisions were made and "the (tiny, startup) database company went bust". That's their framing. Yikes. It does when they switch apps and the other users can't legally do so. The law of gravity is not one example. Moore's law does not pick up on any causal pattern that connects transistor size to time. The universal law of gravitation does capture a causal pattern that connects masses to other masses. Whether we "know" what causes gravity or otherwise is irrelevant. Yes, in large part because their service is good. You're conflating legal restriction on individual behavior with market/individual-preference constraints. "Life" in general is constrained. We are not trying to get rid of limited options (every choise is between limited options), we're trying to limit totalitarian control over individuals. That is, behaviour which is artificially constrained by imprisonment, punishment and death for the sake of preserving tyrannical power structures. No no, people can be very very very sure. The 20th C. tried both of those experiments and in the totalitarian system 10s of millions -- at least -- died. Having your choices restricted by social cooperation and negotiation (in a market places) is NOT the same as having them restricted by a bully with a military. This false equivalence is a defense of genocide whether you are willing to own up to that or not. Oh no, I'm both British and leftwing. My sympathy with state action ends however, when the leaders are murders, dictators and rutheless pilliagers of the public's wealth. Russia's oligarchy stole Russia's wealth after the dissolution of the SU, and here you are equivocating objecting to regimes of murder and abuse with "muh food idle dont be having no choices fur me1112"£""11¬11223 The entitlement and ignorance is overwhelming. You arent owed two major search engines. "Bing" not being bigger is not the same as having to use apps which in encrypt your commnunication because you fear the police will imprison or murder you. You are owed your political freedom. Which is de jure removed from you in Russia, and the suppression of telegram is state action to supress it further. Users tend to blame websites rather than browsers when the websites don't work. So by using bad CAPTCHAs, i'd guess, users would more liekly blame those sites using them. Satire is a perfectly valid form of communication. Commenting here is increasingly feeling like a policed academic conference, rather than a "tech salon" which seems closer to its ethos. And Bezos wept, for there were no more markets to disrupt. In the simplest case, you would parse the text output of a previous cell for the other language. It's important to add here that homework has never been shown to improve grades or educational outcomes generally, and it's a very well-studied topic. please don't think about it in terms of "the virtues of unfortunate". Everyone wants "kids to get a solid education and get good jobs and lead a happier, fulfilling life". please, rather, try to think about it in terms of what best-explains the difference. this data seems highly inversely correlated with productivity, in countries with lower productivity, people spend more time with their child. Time available seems to be the best explanatory factor. By "homework" i mean specifically comparing cohorts of students in high-school that do and do not do the homework they're set, and connecting that with long-term grade trajectories. I dont have the sources to hand, but i recall an economist talking about large studies in this area. There arent three concepts here. Dog d means "a pointer to a dog object" By forcing "pass-by-reference" to mean two things you are creating ambiguity that is trivially resolved by correctly interpreting a java type signature. I think we do have a good-enough understanding of "understanding" to characterize what is required. However this is to be found in the textbooks of neuroscience, not in the machine manufacture manuals of a silicon lithography plant. There isn't as much mystery as there seems. When a neuroscientist asks "how does a animal perceive the world?" the answer is reasonably methodologically obvious. When a computer scientist asks, "how does a machine perceive the world?" the mystery arises only because it doesn't. Well, not as much as you think. Perception is structured by concepts which are learnt. Perception is the prototypical mechanism of understanding. Insofar as we talking about "abstractions" we are just using language to model the conceptual structure of perception; and then higher order concepts to model the structure of these "perceptual" concepts. We tend to think of understanding as being equivalent to the linguistic act of accounting for a higher-order concept, when this is really only something humans can do -- and then only with tremendous difficulty needing quite significant methodological assistance from others, etc. This is the mistake Socrates makes when he asks for "definitions", as-if the dog doesn't understand the geography of where he lives only because he has no linguistic model of the concepts he's using. Or as-if the general has no knowledge of justice because he has no precise linguistic model of it. When Potter Steward said in the pornography case, " I know it when I see it " he was literally correct. The concept "pornography" is part of seeing pornography, it is knowledge which structures your perception. The lack of perfect linguistic model for that is neither here nor there, and a bit of a blind alley for AI (and socrates). Animals, including humans, understand a great deal more than any one person can model linguistically. It is this which structures our perception and allows even trivial engagements with our environment. I think the converse is true, no? That the shamanic practices will be pealed back, to reveal the familiar reality of scientific investigation. I've had many lucid dreams, sleep paralysis, etc. "Navigating your dream state" seems really just like a lucid dream. You're pretty much able to create a life-like world at whim in a lucid dream. The ability of the mind to hallucinate sensation in great depth is tremendous, and im sure, tied deeply to dreaming. The generation of hypotheses is "right-brained thinking" in these terms. Science is a process which includes the creative step of imagining a solution/explanation. The differentiation between science and "systematic religous doctrine" is not in the character of the people, nor particularly in the way they think. Only that the scientist has an additional goal/duty to test his explanations. That's what word2vec is trying to model, it cannot do it because natural language semantics are person-2-world relationships. It groups words together based on their distributional characteristics, and with the right parameter tuning, that can be a good-enough model of similarity. The assumption is about the audience, not the language. The author is an English speaker, internal to an English community, writing about spell checking. Its unreasonable to wish every group on the planet to factor in the concerns of every other group, or add their group identifier to everything they write. > they had this theory of gradual convergence between a west dominated by big corporations and the Soviet Union That sounds like only something a resentful Westener could say, in feeling entitled to a society exactly as they wish it, dismiss the one they have as "practically similar to tyranny". I think its fair to measure tyrannical states in units of genocide of their own citizens. By this measure, the western democratic capitalism stands at 0% tyranny. What "colonial possessions" were held by western democratic capitalist governments? They were not democratic at all . Clearly you know nothing about the history of these countries. Universal enfranchisement in the UK happened only after WW1, with more than 90% of the population unable to vote for the whole history of "voting". And germany was just simply a dictatorship. In 1800 90% of all of europe were farmers. The political class to even create a political system was tiny. Democracy is rule by the people . Votes among feudal lords for which is the most powerful is not democracy. You made a claim about two political systems: USSR's communism and western democratic capitalism. If you're going to equivocate any old political system with any other then the claim to "convergence" is incoherent. I'm not even sure what "covergence" means when we're equivocating 19th Germany dictatorship, democratic capitalism, and USSR communism. "Convergence" is severely under-evidenced. And my original claim is only ever-more evidenced: it is only possible to imagine our present system of government "converging" to mass murder upon some resentful delusion. The loser is, at least, a person who thinks that way. See now I wasn't doing that. But here you are decrying oneupsmanship by trying to one-up me. And telling me the weight of my words at the same time you say oneupsmanship carrys no weight. Do you realise that you are the thing you dislike? In this instance, I was remarking that a person who thinks of themself as a loser is also the person who is likely to have adopted this cynical and resentful worldview. A person who opts into this "winner/loser" dynamic has already adopted the world view of one who can lose and will do so. Living-out-your-values doesnt entail winning or losing anything, rather, it is life measured by authenticity and integrity not "victory". The low self-regard, resentment and entitlement in this search for "victory" is fair game for mine and any one elses criticism. I dont need you to tell me the weight of my words, they are weighed according to my values, not yours. And infamous for its vitriol. So you expected volunteers to keep the service running? > And it wasn't like society was significantly more aggressive than it is now. Yes it was. Much , Much , Much more. Murder and violence, domestic violence. Society 40 years ago was radically different than it is now, and most of the 20th C. was a very violent time. Yes, but then there's studies showing spanking children makes them more aggressive. The physical abuse of children is by the physically abusive who were themselves physically abused. It isnt merely accidental. Of course it isnt the explanation for WW2, or the 1970s murder rate. Neither is lead. I really don't like throwing the word "pseudo-intellectual" around because its mostly used to mean "I think I'm smarter than you". However, this person begins their article poisoning the well, saying, > I find that the people I talk to about this instantly flip on the condescension switch and try to mansplain this shit to me as if. Proceeds to speak in that very same condescending tone, presenting a smarter-than-thou trundle down from the mountain. All the while including some nonesense about logic. This person clearly has a chip on their shoulder: tacking on things about community-regulation in an article about Null, like all technical public engagement authors do. Let's signal "what good behaviour we expect" in the midst of a book pitch and a confused discussion of a technical matter. One of these goals can be failed in its attempt with good nature. When you smush all this together it seems an exercise in performative intellectualism, or more accurately, pseudo-intellectualism. When a man is condescended to by other men we call that "communication", when a woman is its called "mansplaining". >However, that doesn't make Null a logical thing, but just the representation of this choice for a computer. In that sense, "True" as encoded in programming languages isn't a "logical thing" either. Programming languages are their own domain of syntax/semantics, which can encode other domains (eg. mathematics). The type, Trivalent = { True, False, Null } is a perfectly reasonable encoding of a system of logic. Insecurity and narcissism. It's an attempt to shame dissenters into silence because the author imagines dissent and condescension as some personal injury to herself. People who disagree with you arent personally insulting you. And even, people who are condescending online arent personally insulting you. The self-esteem hack psychology of the 60s-80s has created a generation of people who haven't learnt how to tolerate insults and disagreement, ie., a sub-clinical narcissism. The Leica selfie in the header says everything that needs to be said. Its no more a personal attack that your comment, "it sounds a bit pretentious" since that's all my comment means. Leica manufacture cameras made of brass and, like apple, are more "experience-oriented". I can appreciate putting a picture of yourself on your blog, but taking a photograph of yourself holding a camera which obscures everything but a brand name... that's equally suggestive of "a bit pretentious". "No, no, it's exactly what the JVM needs!" -- Martin Odersky "know that p" clarifies the sense of "know", i.e., to know a proposition. The symbols "q" and "p" here stand in for propositions and "that p" is common parlance. Its not about introducing variables. If I can add my interpretation of his comment: Consider which language is sold to people-off-the-street as "How to Program!" it's python. Most of these people do not enjoy the cognitive effort, detailed typing and symbolic work, algorithmic thinking, architectural thinking, linguistic thinking that is "programming". At best, the enjoy the end result, but not the process. Python taught in this way at least, fools people into thinking that programming is about something far simpler and more toylike than it is. Many "hard" disciplines do this: sell children and lay people on toy experiments that momentarily captive but have no relationship to what a practitioner of that discipline does. The older system of recruitment would be to polarized hard , ie., to throw people in at the deep-end to scare off all the people who would waste time/resources training. Who remained really wanted to do that thing (eg. physics, programming, ...). Today we're doing something perhaps vaguely immoral: selling people on a career that has no relationship to the sales pitch. Its only gate-keeping if people want to be past the gate. I'm not talking about deterring people who are interested. The vast majority of people do not want to be programmers and would not enjoy programming. Delaying the moment the actually have to do something difficult with a programming language is not especially heathly. How would you feel about a career in football sold to you on the basis of table pong? Keep playing the pong, and then one day, you're face is in the dirt and you drop out. The self-esteem hack psychology of the 60s-90s equivocated encouraging people with lying to them, as-if the only way we can get programmers is by lying about what programming is about. This isnt encouraging anyone, it's lying to them. Python is fine. Python is perhaps my favorite language, and I use a dozen fairly regularly. My point was about how python sometimes gets used, and how its design is especially facilitating to that use. Enjoying programming is enjoying programming. The way it is sold, sometimes, is not as programming. Unless you've experienced this sales pitch you're not going to connect with the point i'm making. It means that when you set yourself the task of undermining someone's comment its easier to find the gotchas in a process, than when just doing it casually. "Intelligence" in snark-validating environments like this means "successful oneupsmanship", and quotient means "upvotes". The whole point of this is that explanation isn't true. Productivity is not a conspiracy theory. 80% of the output is done by 20% of the people. At some time t=0 advantages are randomly distributed. At t=1, those who happened to have them capitalized on them to increase their productivity (20%). At t=2, 20% of those increase. At t=3, 20% of those increased. This happens without any corruption, "teats", "governments", and equally resentful conspiracies. > You deny a simple fact that the richer the person is, the easier it is for him to secure a loan on a more favorable terms than a poorer person. No, that's exactly how it should be. Productivity increases reputation, which is rewarded by people betting on your future productivity. Banks lend according to expected returns, of course they lend to those who can return. There is no other stable system of lending: it is always a bet on expected future productivity. Anything other than this would be self-destruction. > Making money out of thin air does not count for producing anything, by the very definition. The value of money is how productive an economy is. You can create money out of thin air ( ALL MONEY IS ), but you cannot create value-producing economic transactions out of thin air. > this is purely a feature of the economic system where somebody can print and loan away money. No that's tabloid economics used to justify prior resentment. Human history, and any system of production, follows power-law distributions. It hasnt anything at all to do with quantitative easing or finalization: these just, at worse, dilute the value of a currency. Before anyone jumps into Berkelyian idealism like a conspiracy theorist into youtube, note that this whole line of thinking is fundamentally based on a genetic fallacy embed in an antiquated notion of causation. Historically it was thought that the cause of something (the origin) must share properties with the event caused (the product). This is just a false assertion. Today we understand "emergence" in which properties arise in aggregate products that are not present in their constituent origins. Without that every argument of the form "experience is a closed system" fails: the causal origin of experience does not "need" to be experience. Light strikes a surface, it collides with your eye, your nervous system enters a state known as "visual perception" and that has properties not present in any prior step (ie., it feels like something). These properties emerge out of the whole interaction of the system, and are not present within any mere piece of it. Idealism is very much an epistemological virus, a metaphysical conspiracy theory, that will quickly run a wildefire through your whole belief system with its plausible soundbites. "From experience, only experience, surely?!" No. Berekely's Master Argument is the beginning of a line of "argument by amazement at how cool it all sounds" that ends up in Heidegger. Justified by the constant refrain that the experience is an epistemically closed system, a genetic fallacy whose plausibility is only ever achieved through rhetorically pleasing soundbites. That's a very contemporary development. Open source was originally hobbyist, research or academic. Often, it was "programmer solve thyself". Businesses have only been employing significant numbers to work on open source projects for the last decade. Its in a non-commercial phase at the moment, it seems. However a condition like that will keep it there. Its a style of programming C was built for, and not many other languages. It's almost the opposite of good style elsewhere: aggressively procedural code with an elegant boundary. I'd say it would be a good lesson to many who are down the or pure functional rabbit holes: perhaps there is some other sense of modularity that goes missing when "single purpose" is applied too narrowly. NB. This is just a committee vote. It's not law yet. The overall vote is in July. > It's sad that libertarians / ancaps are bullied out of the real world Uhuh. Though they just call that "thinking". There is no "real world" form of utopianism. It's a dangerous adolescent form of thinking which requires purifying one's environment until it is All Good according to a single set of criteria. All society-level attempts at this measure their results in millions of deaths. Every change which has occurred has never resulted in a single pure ideology characterizing a civilization. All change is plural and incremental, even so-called "revolutions" really just exchange the set in power for another set. They leave the plurality of really-existing power structures in place, whilst disturbing only a small number. This is simply an incremental shift in power at the very top. Utopian projects take pluralities of lifestyles and pragmatic political systems and attempt to unify them under a single consistent set of criteria. It's something for the mind of an adolescent, to which this mode of thinking is common. There is no "capitalism". Society cannot be characterized by a coherent set of ideological principles. It is the behavior of human beings, which is highly plural and inconsistent when formalized. There is no ideology to "leave in tact". By destroying the government you do not "uncover" some latent capitalism, you take the ways everyone is behaving -- have them repeat that behaviour -- but now without a government. You'd find that to be a catastrophe. [flagged] The brain will keep around information that is used automatically . In my experience its a very bad idea to forgo learning something out of the expectation that it won't be used. I did this often, and it was catastrophic for me -- it turns out we're not very good assessors of what we will need. Doyle was a crank. > """ Python? Scala? Could you clarify... the "declaration" includes the type right? So why should behavior not depend on the (static) type of the term? That's a very standard use of static typing. It seems like you're coming from a dynamic background. There really isn't any such principle or rule here, only it seems, unfamiliarity with type systems. post hoc ergo propter hoc Background frequency of cancer? Background frequency of owning the most popular weed killer? Expected number of co-incidence? > “You’re budgeting and trying to imagine, ‘What are we going to need for the last episode of this season that hasn’t been written yet?’ ” he says. “Eventually, it comes and smacks you in the face.” > Working out the story arc in advance gives a much better sense of what the show requires in terms of sets, locations, cast, and all the other expensive variables that go into creating a fictional world. Its absolutely crazy US TV is developed in this way: make a pilot knowing nothing about any story arcs, and just hope you can budget and bluff your way to a finale? It's blindly obvious it has been done this way. Hopefully this change will improve plots. He's saying the truth of the conclusion is independent of the means used to demonstrate it. This is correct, but a rather confused observation. Since the question isnt whether the conclusions is true or not, but whether we are justified in believing it is true. And we are not justified. The experiment engineered its results; and no subsequent experiment has demonstrated the conclusion. So if it is true, we have not yet discovered that it is. 1 Human = 100 GB 500,000 Humans is a small sample of the UK population one company is looking to create. All this is in the article. The conditions under-which something is fair-use are not features of the content. So there is nothing a system can do. The majority dissent here isn't that the EU do not have the right to regulate the internet in some way, it is that they are not doing it well. You can believe GDPR is a good law and this a bad one without hypocrisy. As much as you can believe murder ought be illegal but not cannabis. I disagree. If you're trying to measure a target 1cm across from 1 mile away with a ruler and a squint anything you say is not only likely wrong, but woefully deceptive. My view is that this shouldn't even be attempted because it just generates superstitious theories. Psychology is the skinner box pidegon. There's a fallacy here that's hard to pin down clearly but roughly: to measure inaccurately isnt to measure approximately. Its to measure totally in error. The errors in social psychology are not just "second decimal place", they're angels pushing stars. Talk therapy is a different case than research social psychology. I take talk therapy to be a kind of practical skill in regulating the emotions of another human being through narrative & interpersonal contact. That requires a lot of practical training, and is in fact, mostly practical training + high empathy. Research social psychology does not inform this at all, being a totally different area. "Psychoanalytical research" is even more BS than social psychology, but that's rather pre-advertised. And somewhat defensible as providing a "training ground" for learning the practice of talk-therapy rather than any kind of genuine explanatory framework. Riding a bike isnt a theory of classical mechanics. Talking to another person isnt a theory of human psychology. Both require something to be true, but have no content on what that is. A conscious agent believes, desires, wants, feels, etc. A "self-image" is more-or-less just proprioception, and it seems very easy to ditch that and still be conscious. Its fair to call it the first substantive attempt to integrate a mainstream OO language with traditionally FP ideas. That's a big part of the story here. Here reputable = discriminating And these low-reputation journals are poorly discriminating. Status here has a reason. Option types do not defy the purpose of typing. Optionality as a type constraint is a reason for static typing. That's just "Exist as physical objects exist" Ie., you're asking someone to find you an object with spatio-temporal properties which, as an object, does not have spatio-temporal properties. Likewise you could ask, "find me a smile?!!" and then deny every example was a smile because "it was only a face smiling!". "Existence" is defined relative to a context in which it can be evaluated, and it -- in general -- does not imply any particular properties. "To Exit" in general is "to be found in some domain" 2 can be found in the domain of numbers The only attack on american soil I can recall is Pearl Habor... Almost invariably, to provide the american military with hardware is to arm an offensive force. I'd imagine there's a pareto distribution of edits amongst users, and so it might not be so unreasonable to think that a handful of people have written a significant percentage of what's there. Sounds like maybe they weren't that up on industry and felt unable to evaluate candidates outside their narrowed skill scope. The machine has no reference for its terms, "salt" does not refer. To a machine "salt" is just a distributional pattern within a large body of text, it isnt salt. Ie., what computer scientists call "semantics" is again metaphorical BS, as much as calling an if-statement a "decision maker". Denotation is the most fundamental part of what a natural language is (ie., it is about the world, and caused by the world in a fundamental way). Machines processing terms without their denotations are not using language, they are shuffling it aorund. The problem is "Applied Statistics" became "Machine Learning" which became "AI" which became "Deep Learning". Throw away all the BS. and, yes, it's obvious. Wealth inequality is productivity inequality , not having-less of a fixed amount. "Fixing" wealth inequality by decreasing the productivity of the wealthy is madness. "Inequality" is a feature of exchange and production, it cant be "fixed". The lives of those who suffer most can be improved by helping them be more productive. Not by hobbling everyone else. That fails to improve anything. EDIT: To clarify, the inequality is in what you can do with your total current assets: including time/effort, but CURRENT WEALTH. Yes, Jeff Bezos can do more with $100B than you can with $100. And yes, you with 100$ can do more than a person with 1$. People in poor countries produce things at a rate and with such general demand that their current assets (including their time/effort) arent very productive. Bezos can make another billion without taking it from anyone, just by deploying his assets better than you cna. You're conflating: effort, productivity and net worth. Net worth is a terrible measure of anything. You have a networth 100s times a person in a developing country but you're not "100x" anything. Jeff Bezos can invest the rewards of his lifetime effort, yes, billions of times better than you can. Elon musk invested his paypal-productivity into making space/car/etc. companies. His actions here eclipse yours. I think your comment is consistent with mine. You are advocating getting the state out of the way of its citizens productivity by redressing the ways by which most people are taxed. That's exactly the sort of thing i'm talking about. If you want people in the developing world to improve their lot, get rid of authoritarian gov.s holding them back. People wish to do things for other people, and wish to provide for themselves. It is institutions, and esp. states, which almost-everywhere and almost-everywhen have got in the way of that. Fixing institutions is exactly the sort of thing which will help people who suffer needlessly. But it won't change inequality: the distribution of productivity is necessarily unequal by the nature of productivity (those a little better off now will be able to multiply faster, exponentially). This myth of "more money than can spend" is pretty pathological. It's not true. He uses his money to fund space flight initiatives, and many other things besides. Billionaires use their billions to make more billions. If it was wasted on unproductive spending, the future would be poorer than the present. On the flip side, you could see a person selling their labour as having some right/stake in doing something which interests them. These outcomes are then compromises which give something to the producer, as well as to the customer. I take "random" just being a description of the predictor , that they lack sufficient information to make a determinate prediction. ie., I take probability to be only an epistemic description of confidence given information. And therefore randomness just a lack. A physical system may be "ontologically random" in the sense that there is no info its possible to obtain to make a determinate prediction -- but that isn't randomness (which is epistemic). That's "physical informationlessness" which is an (alleged) feature of a physical system that leads to n "inevitable randomness" in our predictions of it. Its not clear what you're saying here. The comparison was to say, "this decision is difficult everywhere" -- which lang seems beside the point. Not sure why you're being down-voted, this is exactly the issue. The image is both a rabbit and a duck regardless of orientation, capturing the object it depicts as a single class with a confidence measure is a mistake. The magnitude of this mistake becomes apparent when you connect it to real-world decision making, and it becomes highly unsafe. As is most of ML because it only uses statistical (rather than causal) modelling of the world -- so really, it is only offering us generalised statistical associations. It cannot cope with statistical discontinuities. Programming languages are not mathematics, better to put your mathematics in the comments, than the reverse. force = (g_constant * mass[0] * mass[1])/(radius 2) Communicates far more than the algebraic alternative. Programming is about solving a particular problem, not providing a general formalism. The art of it, and mastery of it, is how to imbue the program with the problem domain. So that by speaking in its concepts you solve the problem . > violate the principle of "don't repeat yourself" That isnt the principle, that's a literal reading of each word conjoined into something totally different. The principle is "solve the problem once", ie., if you encounter code re-solving a problem already solved before, abstract such that you solve it only once. The principle only makes sense with respect to a problem which reoccurs, it is either incoherent or false when applied to literal fragments of code text. One would then be moved to define replacement macros for anything more than two letters. The problem arises at the 1000-line program level and above. Either way "pilot error" is defined with reference to some "reasonable level" of competence with the aircraft. If multiple pilots are making the same error the issue is with the aircraft changes, not the "reasonable competence". Ie., its redesign hasn't been thought through properly I'm a bit more confused on this one, not having seen the tech before. Isn't the DB space absurdly saturated with open source tools like this not really having much life in them? Postgres is a multi-model db, with document/keyvalue/graph -- isn't it just pretty easy for an established player to add data model onto their platform? Static checking burdens the developer with thinking more, etc. -- for sure. The cost is requiring a developer with stronger cognitive abstracting skills. Those people tend to be academics (its almost a definition of a good academic) and also, perhaps, less pragmatic. The ease of programming is not merely a matter of knowledge or experience, base cognitive skills play a very significant part which are largely an at-birth and developmental factor (cf. The Neuroscience of Intelligence (Cambridge Fundamentals of Neuroscience in Psychology)). Probably languages requiring a proficiency at dealing with highly abstract relationships as part of the activity of programming are never going to be mainstream. Most people find that too difficult to do easily, and so too tasking to program. That isn't the general case however. Some people find it easy enough, and so do not see this tradeoff. For these people, the clear benefits in creating a statically "correct" program outweigh the minor difficulty in creating it. For the able, this "difficulty" is perceived as fun, and as frustrating by those who aren't. When something is beyond our basic capacity we tend to see it as "needlessly difficult" and not worthy of our time/attention (and of course, for us, it is). In otherwords: the unable are often snobs. eg. "Acting is stupid", "Rust is crap", "Painting is pointless" etc. -- all amount to, "i struggle to do that". You'll find no value judgement in my comment. There are many axes of intelligence, as well as of human value in general. I only said that comfort-with-abstraction is one axis on which people vary -- and I'd say that's exactly what the previous comment relies upon. All it says is "this is needlessly hard", the only reply can really be: yes, for you. I was offering an explanation of why that is; or else are we really saying that this "hardness" is universal ? One of the more important characteristics of a developer is pragmatism which has zero covariance with comfort-with-abstraction. And so, why not value those who have that more ? That is, to be better at abstraction isnt to be a better developer. It is only to be better at one sort of development. Equally, to have more pragmatism is to be better at a different sort. There's no snobbishness in my comment, only in a person who reads into it a value judgement about this specific form of intelligence. Why read that into it? Yes, but not to the degree of your anecdote. You observed the background cycles of insect population variation. No person is in a position to observe the next effect of population decreases across many such cycles. Yes, but I/O is impure and sequentially dependent, unlike mathematics. Maybe the "impedance mismatch" between pure-fp and I/O is too great, with the IO monad being the "leaky abstraction" of the FP world. Then OO is not a bad solution to an irrelevant problem, but a pretty-good solution to a bad relevant problem. EDIT: To clarify: The "problem" is change. Imperative programming relates sequential device-change over time, to sequential programming lines. OO programming is a structured imperative programming. Pure FP langs model sequential change with (roughly,) lists of actions to-be-performed that are snaked through your program. (Also: maybe OO's failure has more to do with its limited static analysis, type systems, than its model of change?) Because no person can conclusively observe statistical effects, of this kind, in this way. It's really hard to conclude "the insect population is dropping" by being one person in one environment once. Even by being multiple people, even over time. That's why science exists. And it's really difficult (eg., cf., the replication crisis). Sequentially dependent in time . Thanks for the quote! Before I wrote that comment I was actually on the anti-OO side, and in writing it, I convinced myself that maybe the FP solution wasn't great. Good to see this wasn't a mistake! I suspect its the content of the game rather than its difficulty. That is, academia is at-best dimly related to practical results that have a direct effect on people's lives. Yes, but the results of "academia" are an exercise in the net effects of collective intelligence. Many a bee sacrifices its life without making a difference. Rarer in business is one individuals efforts 100% wasted with such regularity. Academia is a path finding strategy through a forest where most paths are dead-ends. On a case-by-case, individual basis, it doesn't look so good. And likewise, think who can do business. You might find the latter has a lot more to do with our success as a species than "science" as such. I suspect it's partly a sensory (-integration) issue. I don't think HKTs are the solution here. The problem is that functions have curried type signatures (ie., they are typed st. all the arguments "come together", so the arity is part of the type). In Haskell I believe when you write fn :: a -> b a can be inferred to be (Int -> Int -> Int), say. Here when you write pipe (A => B): A => B 'A => B' just means a function from one-arg A to one-arg B. The solution is some sort of type-level function, but it also requires new sorts of type variables. SELECT name FROM users; Users.getName(); The above is "encapsulated" meaning that you need to have done the extra work to write "getName". Encapsulation is a bad solution to a worse problem (changing state). If you hide information you have to do extra work to get it out. This "extra work" is in tension with a declarative approach which uses general verbs across domains, requiring therefore, these domains expose their data. joining is connected to normalization, not to declarative style declarative style is (essentially) the highly polymorphic use of verbs in programming. You might even call it "polymorphic programming" rather than declarative, since that's often what is being prioritized. this level of polymorphism requires the data-operated-on by the verb to be relatively exposed ie., "select" cannot be different for every table OO essentially has "select" redefined every time you want to expose data. > against flattening out all the attributes Hence the tension with encapsulation I think this perspective on accidents needs far more emphasis. Many accidents are unavoidable and not the result of some person failing to do some thing. The world isn't a story, people don't have much agency, and events do not happen because people want them to. These "narrative explanations" are mythological just-so stories that attribute the complex interaction of systems to individuals, organizations, etc. in naive agency-based ways. I guess there's two senses of "encapsulation" in use here. What I think is meant by the article is information-protection rather than information-hiding, or implementation hiding. Encapsulation in the sense of "private string name;". "problematic people" don't all have the same skin colour. You're presuming a ghetto is a just prison, rather, its an unjust prison. It doesn't limit the size of the elephant. Any observation is consistent with an infinite number of models. Eg., your sight is defective, ie., in many cases: your sample is biased, not big enough, etc. And that A correlates with B, or fails to, to "some significance" is consistent with any causal relationship between A and B. > Surveys of hundreds of articles have found that statistically non-significant results are interpreted as indicating ‘no difference’ or ‘no effect’ in around half (see ‘Wrong interpretations’ and Supplementary Information). Well your "pragmatism bar" is higher that all future science. It isnt a trivial sceptical point. Does CO2 cause climate change, or climate change cause C02, or are they both caused by a hidden factor (one of many) or do they co-vary accidentally (ie., no joint cause)? No "statistical significance" of any kind can decide between them, yet this is how it is used. There is no way to do so with statistics; it requires repeated experimentation and refutation of all plausible causal models until the one remains stands as "the most plausible". "Statistics" is being used in place of the scientific method which it cannot replace. Covariation is not causation: the covarying of any number of variables is consistent with any number of causal models. No "test" decides. An ANN is just calculus with matrices that does not lend itself, by the mathematics alone, to any "neuronal" description which is ad-hoc and imposed from the outside. You can draw many computations in "neuronal" form, eg., a logistic regression. It's really just a way of diagramming math. "Computer" is an observer-relative term. There is no physical property of a system which makes it a computer. A "digital computer" is just a tool made of silicon which we use to aid computation (a goal we have). There are many tools (from an abacus to a waterfall) that we can use to aid in computation. "Computation" isn't anything other than a goal we have. To interpret the brain as engaged in it carries no information and says nothing explanatory. The sense in which a brain is a computer is the same sense in which everything is: a physical system whose state evolution can be used to aid in computation (but isnt: no one uses brains to compute). I'd be very interested in knowing what this "sense" is -- I don't think there is one. I chose waterfall by symmetry with a hydraulic computer. A waterfall is just what we call a hydraulic computer when we're not using it for computation. I still only see an observer-relative distinction (ie., in how it is used). One can "juggle rocks" to compute. You've said something about "inputs" and "useless when removed". Both of these are again observer-relative. Use less gives it away. An animal isn't "useless" when its brain is removed, because it isn't our use of it which makes it alive. Well my stance is hard for the sake of ruling out computer science as an explanatory framework for neuroscience. Computational metaphors arent explanatory, they're illusory sorts of explanations (like narrative) which "satisfy" without providing a causal model (ie., a scientific explanation). I'm not convinced they have been helpful, and mostly end up giving deeply mistaken impressions about the nature of digital computers -- rather than helpful impressions about the nature of brains. Yes, and I'm calling your view here incoherent or, at least, mistaken. It isnt valid to interpret brains this way. An "algorithm" isnt something a physical system can "run". These are observer-relative properties a system instantiates because of our use of it. A brain is a physical system and our model of it should be a causal model in terms of its intrinsic properties that do not "disappear" when not in use. A digital computer is an oscillating electrical field across a piece of silicon whose oscillations "correspond" to steps in an "algorithm" but only to an observer who imposes those correspondances. The program "1 + 1" on a digital computer is some state transitions of the cpu's electrical state -- it is an algorithm only when we impose an meaning on those oscillations that they do not themselves have. There is no physical distinction in the "waterfall computer" and "digital computer" that bares on them being computers. They are both computers in exactly the same way. We havent gone to the length of a water-to-lcd display, but there's no reason we couldnt. Water falling over a series of moveable rocks can (easily) be arranged to display the result of "1 + 1" on an LCD (eg., bucket/pixel, with water level = intensity, pipes to handle "graphics"). False equivocation all over the place. If you need to shift the language to extremes to persuade people you are doing so by "borrowing" from those extremes. Ie., fascism is widely regarded as "bad" so the tactic here is to borrow its badness and spread it around without actually arguing about the situation at-hand. When you work for someone, as in many areas, you trade sovereignty for wealth. Freedom for security. And so on. This is always a tradeoff in your interactions with others. A promise is an obligation; commitment, "slavery" etc. if one wishes to put these things so inflammatorily. The relevant question is: in this particular situation, how serious is this tradeoff? In the case where there are many jobs you are never "starving", likewise when welfare exists. The governmental and economic context of a system isnt something extrinsic to the system that you can just dismiss: it is part of its functioning. Yes, welfare may well be a precondition of a free market system to ensure that in extreme cases it isnt "starve or else". Or equally, a big dynamic economy might be a predoncition. Maybe our sorts of markets don't work with monopolistic employeers for the reasons he says. However this does not generalize to work for a company as such which is always particular and always situated in an economic and political context which turns it from "slavery" to "having to get in by 9am". Work was never called "fascism" which is about the establishment of an ethnic monoculture via aggressive authoritarian means. Yes language does have this unfortunate (and best avoided) "advertising" function which which we associate terms and relabel for the sake of association. Making firing a person easier becomes a "right to work". "Work" becomes "fascism". How deeply propagandistic, "advertising", political, wrong, stupid and duplicitous. Perhaps the free in "free market" is like this, in which case I'd be happy to remove it for "markets regulated qua markets". Ah. For some reason I remembered 'fascism' rather than 'totalitarianism' however the former is an example of the latter. Totalitarianism is just as bad. A totalitarian system is, by definition, total -- reaching, by centralized force and authority, into the political, economic, cultural, etc. There is no centralized power dictating "work" as our culture, our politics, etc. To call "work" totalitarian is somewhat helpfully revealing of the common mistake ideologues make: narrativizing the world. Turning systems into stories, forces into people. There is no person dictating work, so there is no totalitarianism. To think as if there were is to turn society into a conspiracy. One may as well call gravity totalitarian. We make economic promises to each other, and from this arises work. Most people don't track there sleep well-enough to know its their sleep which affects their willpower. Ignorance does not seem like a character flaw. Ignorance of oneself even, which is what we're often talking about. Along with all agriculture, medicine, transport, etc. "Shut it down!" doesn't apply so well to the food supply right? > I'd come to the conclusion that many papers involving "power law" distributions were bogus > after he had tenure, that he published something about it in a statistics journal If I'm reading you right, you're saying he struggled for awhile doing bogus things only to question those things outside the relevant field? (Also, can you say more about power law papers..?) To put it another way: the basic features of human life are universal. Stress, betrayal, love, trust, anger, loneliness, etc. It doesnt really matter how pretty your rooms are or how much you own, the fundamentals don't change in their existence, only in their proportion. A poor person's life may be more stressful, but very plausibly, less lonely than a rich persons. Stoicism is a universal solution to a universal problem: the vicissitudes of life. How often have you insured your children for being kidnapped? How often have you been bound-up in a hotel room by robbers looking for jewellery? You know your marines body gaurd that follows you everywhere? Does he annoy you at all? Do you feel safe? Did your daughter overdose on coke at 27? Your son? Your comment just illustrates your ability to understand the unique problems of the poor. There are many such problems of the rich too. I'm not saying that all problems are equal. Only that you vastly under-estimate the "natural unhappiness" of people, and the "natural stress" of living when you think that money has some magical impact on that. It doesnt. Its only a paradox if you think its primary function is education. Its primary function is the warehousing of children while adults work; and secondarily, filtering children according to ability for future work (ie., grading). The content of the "lessons" could be anything, so long as it (1) keeps them occupied; and (2) differentiates according to cognitive ability -- ie., grades. The primary and secondary functions almost totally constrain its auxiliary function of imparting useful skills to children -- which were it sincerely attempted would fundamentally undermine the school's ability to warehouse and grade them effectively. For my thoughts on grading as merely filtering: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Signalling_(economics) For the content of the "lessons" being largely irrelevant, ask: what can anyone remember from their lessons at 14? The answer is random with respect to the individual: I cannot predict what you will know. Really only fragments of trivia were acquired. This is the opposite situation of skill acquisition: if you are a practising plumber/doctor/programming, I can predict what you will know. This test, predicting the knowledge/ability of a person who practices a skill, really defines successful education. What can you predict a person knows after high school? You might also look at "Discipline and Punish" or works to that effect to gain a socio-political perspective on the scheduling/routines/rituals of certain institutions. It is no accident that a school closely resembles a prison. That is its primary function: to limit the behaviour of children, to discipline them into conforming with the scheduling of working life, to occupy their time. When you are tutored (to play a piano, in mathematics, etc.) you are really acquiring a skill: to play a piano, etc. Contrast those two environments. Learning a skill requires an environment almost the opposite of a prison, it requires a patient and highly skilled tutor, and some attentive practice and engagement. (Infant/primary education is closer to tutoring than high school). Imagine high school not starting until 14 at which point you spent 4 years with tutors: at most classes of 5 with skilled mentors that guided you through skilled practice. Consider the social environment: how you'd interact with peers, your relationship to your mentor, the hours you'd keep, how much practice you'd get. Contrast this again with prison life within a school: the teacher is not a mentor, they are a master. An enemy largely. You and your peers are at war for attention and time. Downvoted because you disagree? Let me preface this comment by saying: this isn't my view of primary education, but of secondary mostly. Primary education has undergone a lot of changes and it is increasingly effective at education. However, yes, the motivations of the people involved in a system is often at-odds with the system they've got themselves involved in. The teacher's motivation may be school's auxiliary function but their mental and physical energy is spent on its primary and secondary functions. "For the sake of educating these children, I will sacrifice my effort/energy/time in disciplining them, in grading them, in differentiating them, and so on". People need their motivations. My aim is to describe the system not to describe the motivations of the people involved: the former is social anthropology; the latter is religion. The general idea even in a loose, more metaphorical sense, holds however. 'Mental fatigue' is well established, and your volition along with mental faculties generally become harder to exercise the longer they are used without break. The specifics are disputed, but we needn't be so specific for the advise to hold. Ego depletion is one hypothesized aspect of metal fatigue -- no one is doubting mental fatigue. I don't know that this is true. I meet quite a lot of utopians (which are 1st order thinkers!), who assume the stated goal of a policy will be its effects. Perhaps this is about knowledge. In domestic situations where you know how to casually infer to more distant effects, 2nd order is easier. In politics, 2nd order is hard because people know very little and need to know very little (in their daily lives). Yes, there is this common reverse problem: If we allow X to speak, his ideas will spread and Y will be harmed. So banning X is best. But why not: Banning X will cause a back reaction in X supporters and spread X's message leading Y to be harmed. Or any other of a number of possibilities. There is a fallacy of "hypothetical higher order danger justifies first order violence (/action)" -- where the higher order thinking is mostly ideological fantasy. I teach most (dynamic) functional programming constructs by starting with SQL. Python comprehensions, etc. are mostly just SQL -- likewise most languages where "map" is part of the collections API. SQL motivates the utility of functional programming for data-oriented applications. ages = [ row['age'] for row in table ] I think "procrastination" means a different thing when you're able to write a large number of books, etc. At that point you're not a procrastinator, just a productive person who doesn't like to do particular things. You can't pay for someone to not work for 20 years; who's going to pay? There isn't enough wealth to cover it. All the wealth of all the billionaires in the world is only the EU healthcare budget for five years. Productivity is what generates wealth, and we can't afford to have a large class of people merely consumptive. People aren't producing enough to do it. If you want to give 20k/yr to someone it has to come from someone else. That's putting younger generations into a dire financial position. Work of some form has to be found, even if it isn't covering living expenses for pension-age people. Some form of off-setting the cost has to be implemented, or else there'll be a political and economic crisis. You're not accounting for population size. The relevant growth % is the total number of life-years being funded by retirement. Since the total populaton of US in 1950 was 150, and is 300 million today -- assuming equal distribution of ages -- that's a 4x increase in life-years to fund. ie., 2x for population size, and 2x for length of retirement And worse, the distribution isnt equal, ie., there are more of the population today in retirement than in 1950. So it's at least 4x the number of years, and probably closer to 6x. Well it's a rather difficult calculation to make in this fashion. The relevant data needed is total number of retirement hours funded, total productive output, and total "other" essential spending. What's also happening is the cost of healthcare is increasing, quite dramatically, and eating up productivity gains. I have a strong suspicion that we're way ahead of "general essential" social spending today, compared to 1950s, per-captia; productivity gains included. Open to detailed analysis on this though I'd guess the downvotes are for exaggeration. Your basic point is correct. We have actually got 20%+ of speed ups in the last 30 years from better algorithms; not just better hardware. Many programs are I/O limited and wouldn't see 100x from more effective CPU use (eg., Word). Others need complete re-writes (eg., browsers) and are typically heavily optimized already. I'd say we could squeeze another generation of Moore's Law just from software design; and another still from algorithm research. Well, specific tasks in some programmes are sensitive to these improvements. But since only a fraction of their run time is typically spent in them, the overall improvement wouldnt be 100x. It's not clear that this article makes a relevant point. The existence of trash isn't under dispute in the article, only a very specific route for trash to reach the ocean. It's not clear that somehow exporting trash, alone, implicates western countries in its reaching the ocean. Is it mismanaged trash collecting companies in developing countries that dump in the ocean? Is that the route? Or is it dumping in rivers, as the article suggests. That's a different sense of "imperfect", meaning, "inexact". Here: Malformed Algebraic Effects are not common lisp's condition system. They are far more general. The example here to do with error handling only shows that this form of error handling is an (incredibly) specific (very limited) instance. And nothing is being reinvented here. This is an article to communicate, in the simplest terms possible, decades of academic research. The author is not claiming to, nor has he, invented anything. Algebraic Effects specifically meaningful in statically typed systems; they have nothing to do with conditions. Continuation-passing is only one component. Your whole approach to commenting here is, "I think I know what AE are, and on that basis, this is stupid!" Both your premise and conclusion are false. I really struggle to see what the case is for PHP anymore. I maxed out '04 to '14. After working in a dozen other languages, the only motivation left seems to be sunk-costs and job-market openings. It's so domain-specific that you're hamstringing yourself in the future. That you'd create a new language out of PHP just seems mad. Who's the audience? The pragmatic (market) motivations don't exist. Might seem cliche (?) but Python. Ignore all the java lipstick that went on after PHP5; PHP doesnt work like a static language and C#/Java really quite different. Python fits the mental model of PHP far more closely, in that everything you expect to be able to do easily (dynamic dispatch, OO, closures, etc.) are easy. And everything hard (mixins, metaprogramming, etc.) is about as hard. Most things are easier. C# may seem more "grown up". From a PHP-culture perspective "Java OO" is grown up, and "procedural C" is babyish. That has more to do with PHP3 vs PHP5 than either Java or C. The latter of which, as with python, includes the best programmers in the world. From a web job-market perspective I can't say. I got into data science a few years ago, and haven't much contact since. C# may make more sense; it would have back when I was in the area. Those are upsides. For a dynamic language, i'd want: * A REPL * A language-browsable std lib or trivial reflection * A consistent API where expectations are reusable * eg., polymorphic operators "do the right thing" * Optional typing * Typing, when present, facilitates polymorphism * Data processing handed off to fast VM plugins * Target of major trans-lang libraries (eg., Spark, et al.) * Good long-running performance * Community preference for minimalism and clarity * Easy package management * Modern functional primitives (eg., comprehensions) * Modern OO primitives (eg., extension methods) * Modern metaprogramming primitivates (eg., reified classes) And probably others. Each poorly provided feels like taking a big step back; and just an injury to my productivity. I'm not sure I'd get over how manically procedural PHP is; how sequential by nature. Every OO or functional addition runs against its grain and feels random and accidental. My objection is the "ivory-tower bullshit" is wrong. He goes to pains to fail to define architecture and rejects a reasonable definition for a confused genetic fallacy about social construction. "Architecture" isn't understanding . Understanding is of Architecture. If architecture were merely "the common understanding of what's important" there could be no disagreement or understanding of the software. Disagreement would be hopelessly social: you could never say "this is too complex", but only, "your understanding is wrong". > "My view is that applications are a social construction" Deeply confuses many issues. Applications are made by people, as are tables, but neither are "social constructs" -- which mean they are irreducibly subjective group phenomenon. Software runs on machines. The running machine isn't a subjective group phenomenon. "1 + 2" is code, mathematics isn't a "social construct". "Architecture" refers to the structural elements of a domain (ie., how the domain objects are related to each other, and how these relations are related to each other, etc.). It is a relative term, but not a subjective one. eg., The "architecture" of a animal is how its parts fit together. The "architecture" of a leg is its pieces fit together. And so on. You have to separate social-subjective elements from individually-subjective elements from objective elements. The objective elements are, simply put, "what is true of the object". And the subjective elements are "what is true of the subject. Where "object" is the target of understanding, and "subject" is the "understander" -- ie., not the human (as holding organs) but the human (as holding experiences). When I say, "the code has 100 lines" that is true in virtue of the object. It is meaningful in virtue of various conventions about what a "line" is and what "code" is. Let's not confuse what is being said for how it is said . The latter is subject-relative, the former is object-relative (ie., objective). Mathematics is about order. The target of mathematical description is objective (it is instanced by objects, not by experiences). However mathematics as a language is conventional (ie., social-subjective). What is being said (eg., that there are infinitely many primes) can be said many ways. Each of those ways is only meaningful given a social background. Likewise, "Architecture" is a term grouping together some -- but not all -- facts about software. (eg., inheritance dependencies, but not comment symbol choice). What is being said requires conventions in which to say it . OP article seems to confuse these issues mightily and I think would impair someone looking to understand "architecture" without prior experience. It is not merely "what's important". Many things are important. Shame about your downvotes -- I guess people don't want to believe that vac. scepticism can be a reasonable conclusion from limited evidence. Well: it is. Autism is a childhood disorder (therefore) whose symptoms usually follow vaccination. It is not unreasonable to hypothesize a causal link. It may be unreasonable to maintain it in light of other evidence (eg., no difference in rate amongst the non-vax'd). But people don't live in the macro (ie., comparative contexts) they live in the micro (ie., their own experience). And its hard to communicate macros to micros. > However in the US it is your constitutional right to bear arms. Only established by the supreme court in 2008. Abortion is a "constitutional right" likewise. And the american right see no issues with extreme restrictions. There is no amendment saying either people have an individual right to possess a firearm, nor an individual right to have an abortion. These are inferences. What the second amendment says is that because the US needs defence (given no contemporary standing army ), the right to bear arms is necessary in general. An individual right in the time of standing armies is not written anywhere in the constitution and was derived, by interpretation, only in 2008. My point is that what counts as a "constitutional right" is a matter of history, precedent and agreement -- they are conventional not just written in some stone tablet. And it is quite reasonable to contest these conventions. Learning is a social process. It requires more than one person. What you are doing alone is maybe "silently pondering" but it is just, at best, a tidying up of what you have gained socially. The kind of thinking we manage to internalise and perform individually is an impoverished kind, and lacks the ability to do a lot for us. All psychological growth is therapeutic, requiring a therapist (educator, coach, peer, friend, ...) to serve as a foil to push you past the cycles of your current safe state.