allybank, capital one savings, personalsavings.americanexpress.com, and some others all offer >= 1% interest now. Some are >= 2% that I've run across. Still lower than inflation, but better than .001% Increased fed fund rates and tapering off QE has been having effects. Retail customers generally are unaware of this, so retail banks are still able to not pay any actual interest. A lot of the weirdness in the market (from Tesla to GE and others) is due to increased returns from 'safe' investments causing easy money for risky ventures to start to dry up. Expect failures as companies built on nearly free money start having to pay up or fold. Some will survive, many won't. Looks like I was wrong (the >= 2% were CDs) - Marcus.com (Goldman Sachs side bank) is currently offering 1.8% though, so not far off. https://www.marcus.com/us/en/savings/high-yield-savings The Fed had a good graph on the sky high amount of debts many companies are laying on, but I'm having a hard time finding it right now. A bunch of outlets have written on it, here is the first one I found http://money.cnn.com/2018/02/26/investing/corporate-debt-ris... As to how many will fail is anyone's guess. Retail has already started to have a reaping (with help from Amazon). If a trade war kicks off price increases for goods from China, that probably won't help a lot of them. Sub-prime auto market is not doing well either, that should hurt auto manufacturer numbers, but nothing crazy there at the moment. I think everyone is still trying to guess. The problem in California is that none of the folks involved in building it think finishing it would really benefit them. I've had family members involved in numerous public works projects in California, and once they saw the way the sausage is made, all decided to get out. These projects are setup as a way to extract money from taxpayers, through a relatively well developed process now: 1) Write an initiative/tax statement which promises the world. 2) Once it passes, laugh and start doing engineering planning based on the most naive/known to be wrong set of assumptions. 3) Once you hit the first roadblock, escalate it and require change orders ($$). This often doesn't require doing any actual on the ground construction work. In fact, many of these boondogles (Caltrain electrification?) never hit actual construction after 5-10 yrs of this. 4) Redo the entire set of plans at great expense, but without actual forward thinking. Hit the next roadblock, rinse and repeat prior steps. This allows them to funnel billions into friendly firms that produce plans that never get used, doing studies that no one will read. Since no one with any clout actually cares if this thing gets built (not like they will use it, and most of the wealthy donors/voters they care about likely won't either), no rush as long as they have something to point to showing they are doing 'something' Eventually, when the money runs low, make up a sob story blaming someone else for it, and go back to step 1. When someone actually cares, we still build things quickly - the Oroville dam fixes, replacing the I80 overpass when the tanker truck burned it down, etc. The problem is less that we can't build big things - it's that most of the time, we don't actually NEED to (in a real, existential way) - at least in the opinion of those with actual power. FIRE is quite dependent on steady economic conditions (decent rate of return on investments with low capital loss, non destructive inflation rates), and for many they are trading their prime earning years placing this bet that it will continue indefinitely. I wish them luck. historically over the time periods that they are potentially talking about (40-50 yrs), that is a risky bet. They already are, through US sanctions. You can - they are called pink slip loans. The challenge with real assets is they are hard to value, and hard to sell quickly. Therefore the interest and fees charged are higher (also people prone to need short term loans using their car as collateral are also very prone to not pay these loans back). These financial assets can be calculated, sold, more purchased, etc. in known quantities very close to instantly. Standardized financial assets are very easy to move or use in large quantities for these reasons. A 5 yr US Gov't bond is a known quantity. Jeez, his back patio must be crazy radioactive. For those at home, you probably don’t want to be grinding up large quantities of uranium ore on your back porch with zero PPE and no cleanup methodology at all. No transcript was released. A memorandum of the 'recollections of the staff involved' written by the whitehouse describing the call (and widely referred to as the transcript) was released. The actual word for word transcript is still stored in the top secret security system it was moved to when it was obvious there was a problem. No one outside the whitehouse has seen that yet. If you read the actual released document, it has a huge disclaimer on the first page which states this. You can see it yourself here https://www.cnn.com/2019/09/25/politics/donald-trump-ukraine... Uranium is an alpha decay emitter. While it won't make you (literally) glow in the dark, inhaling uranium dust is pretty toxic radiologically and can cause significant damage internally. In addition, it isn't great for you chemically. When it decays, it also releases radon, which causes additional problems. Are there worse things? Sure. Is it safe to be around Uranium dust? No. https://web.evs.anl.gov/uranium/guide/ucompound/health/index... There is a huge difference between having something applied to you, and having to determine the correct course of action (independently) to apply with someone else and then deal with the consequences/fallout. In my experience, you have to pick something - and nothing is perfect or works all the time. It is usually worse not picking something (inaction) or being inconsistent in what you pick (wildly varying expectations/results). How this applies to the current thread is up to the reader. Only if you 100% completely selfhost (machine running in the basement?). Otherwise they could compromise your hosting provider at various different levels of the stack. Come to think of it though, even if you put your own machine in your own basement, they could just come in when you're not home and rootkit your box in numerous ways, and you'd probably never know barring some pretty heavy security. State level actors are very hard to defend against, especially when it's your own state. Why doesn't Paragard (non-hormonal copper IUD) not come up in these threads? It doesn't have any hormones, and is usually a better experience - and is far more effective. For some reason, at least in the US however it seems like almost no one has heard of it? Pushing the pill with all it's side-effects and low efficacy frankly seems borderline malpractice? You can buy a decent 'emergency' generator (aka high air pollution and noise) for ~ $500 sufficient to run most homes. Compared to cost of living in California, that is dirt cheap (a week or less of living expenses). One problem with these emergency portable generators of course, is they lack safety components to stop them from catching fire. So we might end up with notable fires caused by generators used because PG&E shut off power to 'stop fires'. It shifts the liability to the consumer though, so PG&E is off the hook. Few people really believed PG&E was going to do this, so a lot of people haven't purchased equipment yet. We'll see how it shapes up long term. Local, personal generation is usually incredibly inefficient due to loading factors (you need to buy a generator that can handle most of your peak load, but they are only efficient at roughly half that - so your idle load is a huge waste, and when near peak you will be horribly inefficient). Maintenance is also a huge pain - I've got an off grid cabin, and I can assure you, you will quickly tire of dealing with it if you are using it as your day to day power source. Backup (propane or natural gas) generators that auto kick in aren't a bad option, but are much more expensive (about an order of magnitude higher). Because, between the lines, the level of top down, military like action and trampling of civil rights that is possible in China is likely not possible here without sparking a civil war - making the whole situation worse. No, quarantine is when you isolate a group of people for a period of time. It is used to see if they MIGHT be sick, or when people are known to be sick, to allow it to burn out. The original usage was specifically when ships were required to stay in port for 40 days before being allowed to dock, so that any sickness could burn itself out or be apparent. You can also see the CDC definition - https://www.cdc.gov/quarantine/index.html Hint for those who do this regularly - put your phone in airplane mode after you've downloaded offline maps, or use a dedicated GPS device with mapping data. Garmin makes decent models that also have basic sat phone functionality (can text, send emergency notifications, etc.). Also, a good orienteering course will teach you how to actually find your way around, which can come in quite handy. Not going to weigh in more generally - but he seems to be doing pretty fine according to recent polls https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/ What criteria should someone use to judge 'righted itself'? No event can ever be completely undone, merely compensated for. Many of the people who lost homes should never have bought them leading up to '08 - they only were able to because of unrealistic (and sometimes predatory) underwriting standards and financing that NEVER would have worked out, and blew up shortly thereafter once the people bankrolling it figured out what was going on. The overall economy recovered, but of course it looked a bit different. It was 4-5 years later. The difference is, the bot can be made to only say what you want it to. That is a LOT harder to do with a human. If you're a big outfit looking to control risks, it might be very tempting. The US also has much lower population density and Europe had a month+ head start. Give us time. Best data I've seen is 6x (.63% IFR). And due to lack of existing immunity from the Flu which keeps the flu at less than 10% of the population/yr, we're looking at a dramatic death toll. That people don't want to believe it, without evidence to the contrary, just makes them solidly into the wishful thinking category - and likely spreaders that will inevitably get someone killed. Inductance in the grid would probably be sufficient to destroy them all, even if they were the only equipment on the grid and they were all destroyed at once. It's a lot of power flowing. It is terrible in small engines too and kills a lot of them (chainsaws, lawnmowers, etc.). Watch any small engine repair videos on youtube and about half of them (or more) were killed because of ethanol in the gas. FYI.- This is what reality TV does for literally everything it covers. Pawn shops don't run the way it shows. Gold miners don't work that way (if they want to stay solvent), etc. What you're saying is however not in disagreement with the comment you are replying to! Living paycheck to paycheck can happen even if you're making 400-500k. I've seen people do it. You can have no emergency savings (at all) and be making $100k+. It's pretty easy - spend everything you have (often on "dumb" things like expensive takeout for every meal, a lease on a car you don't need, more house than you can afford, refreshing electronics constantly for no reason, etc.). The reasons usually boil down to lack of emotional regulation and/or bad spending habits, not lack of income - though it is easier to do with low income, as the margins are smaller. That remote mining town also has something going for it that Mars doesn't - economic viability. The energy cost of going to and from mars makes any sort of known resource extraction economically unviable. Palladium, one of the most valuable elements in existence (and probably the most valuable in wide use), is ~$2400/troy oz. At 21967 troy oz/ton, that is ~ $53 million/ton or $76k/kg. Ignoring decreases in prices if a supply was found large enough to fund a Mars colony (2018 saw only 9 million ozt or 409 tons of supply), current return costs are in the billions of $/KG. 3 order of magnitude decrease would still be millions $/KG, and that is assuming there are nuggets lying on the ground that a robot could easily pick up and ship back. Now one can argue - that is current technology. And that is correct. But you would need to get interplanetary total mining/collection/launch/return costs to sub $76k/kg to even be economically neutral, in the most ideal situation, for literal palladium nuggets sitting on the ground in essentially a big pile near your launch site. We could speculate on the potential improvement in costs, etc. and they might eventually come. But what we don't have so far is anything on mars economically worth getting or living there to get, even at 'drive there in my car' costs, let along launch costs. Going to mars as a purely a exploration/discovery/science project/hobby - totally worthwhile. So far we have no reason to believe it's economically worthwhile actually living there. How do you propose to isolate the > 55 age group when no one younger is isolating? Nurses, doctors, people they live with will be a vector and pass it to them. And the under 55 age group (at .11% IFR) is still not going to want out and blindly get infected as that is still hundreds of thousands of deaths - leading to them avoiding being out in sizable numbers and still causing economic problems. [Source: https://www.thelancet.com/journals/laninf/article/PIIS1473-3... ] It's actually a bit backwards. A private person recording someone illegally is a crime. In some circumstances (for instance to prove a witness in lying), it can still be admissable. [ref https://www.stimmel-law.com/en/articles/secret-recording-con... .] Now is it is worth admitting to a crime that can carry fines of up to $2,500 and/or imprisonment for up to a year (misdemeanor) is a hefty question. In addition, the violator may be subject to civil liability in the amount of $5,000 or three times the amount of any actual damages sustained as a result. If this was a lawsuit due to serious, career ending malfeasance against you, where a key witness would be trivially proven a liar and you could end up with millions in a settlement? Maybe? Could they turn around and sue you for 3x the settlement? Sounds like you'd want to talk to a lawyer first. Not happening most of the time though. The recession started before the first lockdown. Most people don't spend money on things/do stuff when they are afraid of dying while doing so. Hundreds of thousands of deaths due to uncontrolled population spread, randomly (nearly) amongst the population is going to cause the economy to crater - and even the possibility of it already did before any lockdowns happened. The lockdowns just stopped the 25% (guess) of the population that is going to YOLO anyway from causing even more damage. The businesses were still going to get a huge hit regardless. Yes, the HPV vaccine results in dramatically better immunity than from the disease itself. [ https://translational-medicine.biomedcentral.com/articles/10... ] It wasn’t the courts who asked for the dismissal, it was the DOJ under Barr (appointed by Trump) that did. The courts were dumbfounded. I'm guessing you're referring to the probability/possibility of large, untracked or suppressed outbreaks in other countries - India, Iran, Russia, China, Brazil, etc. Depending on the source of your data, extrapolations on personal experience or rumor or innuendo, or distrust of different government systems, there may very well be massive outbreaks - on the level or exceeding per capita infections in the US. Frankly, we don't have solid data, so it's hard to say. The US has, best case, massive testing shortfalls and untested cases, periodic government attempts to downplay the issue, and chaotic spikes and overwhelmed systems. It is almost certainly still better in all of these areas than those countries listed above. We can't do anything about that though. It's fog of war. But you're probably getting downvoted because the tone of your message seems to be one of 'pfft the US isn't that bad' - which by most metrics we seem to have, isn't the case, at least in high profile areas like Southern California. Keeping it from not being overly bad, near as we can tell, also requires taking serious and often painful approaches to the problem to mitigate it, which doesn't happen if it isn't taken seriously. Not taking those measure seems to make the problem even worse - in the sense of concrete, real people being dead that otherwise wouldn't be. To more directly answer your question - in total number of REPORTED new cases and deaths, US is solidly number 1. As a percent of population, the only sizable country with more cases than the US right now is the Czech Republic - which is serious, but isn't going to get headline news like the US will. By tests per capita, the US is doing reasonably well - the only largish country doing better so far is the UK. However, considering the scope of it's spread in the US, that is probably misleading. Most countries haven't NEEDED to test so much. https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/ Feel free to click on the various sorting widgets to see it from different views. Regarding India - https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6... Regarding China - https://www.cidrap.umn.edu/news-perspective/2020/04/china-up... As I said, there is plenty of room to dig and analyze. Watch the video. He spends JUST enough time saying 'go home peacefully' that someone can say he did that. However he spends all the actual time and energy saying the exact opposite - it was stolen, fight for me, etc. It is the height of disingenuousness to claim it was a call for peace or a thoughtful resolution. It was an emotional call to arms with a fig leaf on it. As a long time Californian with non commercial timberland? Global warming, if It played a part in those fires, played a small one. The biggest issues are failed forest management practices combined with expansion and development into previously undeveloped land. As part of 4+ Year process to get my timberland thinned to reduce fire danger (through the state approval process which is terrible, but finally happened), it came up that historically - based on archeological data - fires used to happen in this area every 10 to 15 years. It has been 115 years since a fire happened on the property. Massive buildup of fuel (due to suppressing small Fires and not allowing cutting or timber harvesting), combined with many people living and using power equipment in an area that historically was thinly populated means massive fires when they do happen. Which is what you saw. Additionally in many locations (California), if that conversation is plausibly private (in person, in a hallway that isn't super busy or not in a cafe), it's illegal (albeit not perfectly) for it to be anything but ephemeral. People can of course reproduce what they think you said in another form, but that is always open for debate and challengeable. For better or worse. The people do not elect the president, that is what all the brouhaha around the Electoral College is about. By convention, each state has agreed that the people vote for who their state is going to vote for - but that is not constitutionally required. This turns out to be really helpful when someone starts claiming something like widespread voter fraud for instance, because there is no one institution to attack, or even identical set of rules that can be exploited. Each state runs it's elections as it sees fit, and then votes the way it deems necessary - and is strongly interested in making sure it's voice is heard. Because of the resources those states provide. In almost all cases, resources (food, minerals, oil, energy) flow from those more sparsely populated states to feed, fuel, etc. the more densely populated ones. If you think NYC could be supported purely by NY state alone (or frankly even just 'Blue' states), you'd be in for a rude shock. That much of the value add/economic activity happens in the more densely populated states isn't that surprising - but cutting off the midwest from the rest of the United States would cause catastrophic famine in very short order, to name one example. You just saw the checks and balance function today - the sitting executive used every trick he could think of to keep himself in power. He was rejected by Congress (the other arm, who he does not control), and this was affirmed by the Judiciary (who he does not control because of the lifetime appointments and other history, despite appointing a number of people aligned with his party to it). In many countries he could have just insisted (or tell a crony he insists) and that would have been that. I sincerely hope that we all (the people of the US, Congress, the Judiciary) take what happened on Jan 6th as a concrete warning of this hazard and work to pare back and reign in the executive. It has been needed for a long time. All it will take is a stronger, more popular leader who feels 'bypassing the rules' is ok for 'the greater good' (aka themselves), and we're in deep trouble. If Trump hadn't spent all 4 years of his tenure actively disparaging, impugning, maligning, and throwing under the bus every military leader or hero he ran across, we could be in a very, very different country today. I'm still amazed how close he came to winning Arizona considering what he said and did to McCain. Not sure you're supporting the point you think you are, or are addressing my points? CA's central valley produces fruits, vegetables, and nuts, much of which gets exported, and a bit of, but not a huge amount of staple foods - and if you add up all California's agricultural output, it is still only ~13.5% of the US total. [ https://www.cdfa.ca.gov/Statistics/#:~:text=California's%20a... .] The areas in California that produce that food are solid red, through and through. Texas is red, ESPECIALLY the areas that produce that oil - but let's set aside the intra-state conflicts on this. None of the states mentioned are 'ideologically' self sufficient in their needs (CA for Oil, despite being a major food and oil producer, Texas for food - among literally millions of major and minor needs), and NY State or NYC are most decisively not in either category. [ https://www.ers.usda.gov/data-products/chart-gallery/gallery... ] If you look at your own chart, you'll also see that ~90% of all of the remaining entries following California (who make up the bulk of production) would be called midwest, near midwest (definitely not blue), or 'flyover territory'. If you go to the link you had and filter by staples (as compared to expensive-per-calorie foods like almonds or strawberries), you'll see this reflected even more strongly [ https://data.ers.usda.gov/reports.aspx?ID=17844#P7521943176f... ] California has a LOT of people in it. 11% of the nation. While they might not personally feel the brunt of a major famine right away - running out of fuel for the harvesters, or the steel products to repair their equipment, or the equipment itself (predominantly produced in 'red' areas or imported), would mean it wouldn't be that long either. If we look at the wider context, losing 50%+ of the agricultural products aka inland 'flyover' areas and the midwest would definitely cause catastrophic famine. And that is at least how much is there from your own links. Ah - the reason being those were the terms the state joined under? If they hadn't, many likely wouldn't and the nation would not be what it is? Anything else is 'changing the terms', and that is very likely to result in a lot of chaos - since it would be unconstitutional, unless you got 3/4's of the states to go along with it. Pretty unlikely, since most of the states benefit from this arrangement? You probably weren’t getting the flu even once every few years - common colds are pretty miserable on their own. Many people have never actually had influenza. It is really, really terrible and will make many people essentially non functional for a week or more, with high fever, crippling body aches, etc. Sinus congestion and feeling out of it for a week is not the flu. The Supreme Court can and does severely constrain or expand what the writing is interpreted to actually apply to - you see this all the time around 1st, 2nd, 5th, 10th US amendments. In theory, a whole amendment could be neutered or nuked that way. In theory, but in practice that is more of an accepted convention than a hard rule and dependent on the willingness of the other branches to rein it in. As the sole arbiter of what is and is not constitutional, including how to read and interpret existing language - they can do what they can get away with. For instance, the text of the 10th Amendment makes it pretty clear that the original intent was that states were sovereign except for those powers explicitly carved out to the Federal gov't - "The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people." [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tenth_Amendment_to_the_United_... ] Since WW2 (and a bit before that, including rulings 'reinterpreting' the commerce clause to cover things like growing wheat on your own land for your own consumption within an individual state to assist the Executive in enforcing price controls over the economy), the supreme court has ruled that essentially Congress can regulate anything it wants, city, state and federal level. This is how we've ended up with things like federal laws against possession of drugs (even in states that have them legalized), federal laws regulating firearms (including possession of ones that are legalized in the state), federal laws on computer crimes, etc. If that isn't a radical shift and expansion of an amendment (without going through a further amendment process), I don't know what is. Similarly on the defacto removal side - 4th amendment protections and Asset Forfeiture, which allows near arbitrary and impossible to stop seizure of 'suspicious' assets has been ruled constitutional on a very flimsy basis - essentially as long as it gets rubber stamped by the courts, good to go. That is a dangerous misunderstanding of evolutionary pressure in viruses. LONG TERM, less deadly viruses will tend to spread better because the more deadly a virus is, the more it raises stakes for the host population to remove it or prevent it , and the more it can make it apparent who has been infected. Ebola for instance justifies pretty almost any action you can imagine to contain it's spread, where we are still arguing if lockdowns or travel restrictions are the cost appropriate measure with COVID. If the time of fatality is sufficiently delayed, or the time to implement other countermeasures or recognize the situation has changed is too long, it doesn't help anyone in the short, medium, or potentially even long term - you can have massive fatalities and huge spread. The 1918 pandemic had multiple waves, with the second in particular having a much higher fatality rate than the first - 10x a typical flu season, which is what we're seeing now. This was almost certainly caused by variants, though lack of data makes it impossible to prove. [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_flu ] A particularly nasty example [ https://www.adn.com/alaska-news/science/2020/03/22/how-an-al... ] The more infections, the more likely we'll get more variants, and the more likely we'll get some that cause terrible, terrible problems - and may still be quite infectious. Long term, will the most terrible ones die out? Very likely. However, smallpox was a scourage on humanity since likely 300 BCE and up until eradication by a massive global effort in 1975, it still had fatality rates around 25-35%. So don't just assume COVID will 'evolve to harmlessness', or if it does that it would happen on a timeframe convenient for society [ https://www.cdc.gov/smallpox/history/history.html ] No it won't - it increases the chances for mutations and variants to form, randomly, increasing the odds that one of them will be more deadly AND more infectious. Influenza certainly hasn't. It will mutate past defenses, and survive, just as seasonal coronaviruses have - unless a concerted effort occurs to completely eradicate it, and that effort is successful. Those conditions allowed more infections to happen, and eventually one of them was more deadly. ANY situation that results in more infections will result in more mutations (as it is a property of the viral replication mechanism), and increase the odds that one of them will be more successful in infecting and spreading - with the possible side effect of host death. What some folks are proposing in this thread (uncontrolled community spread so it will 'mellow out') is an even more massive expansion of that due to the quite visible ability for COVID to be infectious in patients with no symptoms for long periods of time, which Influenza has not been able to pull off. They mutate, and mutations more successful in causing infections cause more infections and become dominant. There are many ways for this to happen, some of which covered in this thread - changes in the surface presented to the host, more viral load produced and expelled by an infected host earlier being some obvious ones. Some potential methods that have occurred with other diseases in the past include additional methods of infecting hosts (from prior versions), such as viral envelopes that can insert against additional types of cells, or changes to the way the virus hijacks cell replication machinery to produce products that are better at hiding what is going on to the immune system. The most common issues and concerns around censorship are specifically government mandated or enforced censorship for many reasons, as it helps hide abuses, can explicitly support abusive regimes, and generally doesn't allow 'the people to think for themselves' - enforced by jail time or other traumatic penalties (getting shot, in some places) The underlying issue around using it as a term for things like platforms choosing what they do or do not want to publish, or private companies or actors choosing what they want to publish in their name (and taking the economic consequences for that) - is that a mandate that they CAN'T do that is it's own form of censorship, as it will by it's very nature have to proscribe what is and is not allowed to be said, and will restrict that entities ability to choose their own options. Most of the masks people are wearing are also nowhere near 95% effective - cloth masks are more like 70%. Helpful, yes! Solid protection? Far from it. COVID-19 had a measured replication rate before measures were taken in NYC of ~ 6. Measles is ~ 11 (and the most infectious known airborne virus). New variants are supposed to be between 50-70% more infectious than 'baseline' COVID, though it isn't clear how solid that data is, or how exactly it is being computed. That could put it at a 'with no social changes/baseline behaviour in manhattan' at a replication rate of ~9 to ~10. Which is damn close to measles. Lockdowns, social distancing, face masks will reduce this quite a bit in reality (and have - the measured R value is in the 1.1-1.2ish range in most areas now) - but increases in infectivity will require stepping up countermeasures to contain it, or a massive rollout in vaccines to stamp it out before a variant that the vaccine doesn't prevent against exists. Not so clear cut. If you hype stock to PROFIT from it by selling before it crashes, that is market manipulation. If you hype stock because you believe it is an amazing opportunity, and you happen to diversify before it crashes - that is talking about things in public. A bunch of people hyping each other up? Also talking in public about what they like. If that moves markets? That happens. If that opportunity is a short squeeze (which it still appears to be - newest data I can find is GME is still at 120%+ short interest), then it gets really really confusing - and I'm not sure how this is going to sort out. People going on public news networks saying they've 'got out' and other articles talking about folks no longer being short - that would be clear market manipulation if not true. Also potentially for violating their duties as a broker. How the various duties to execute trades intersect with duties to protect their clients is going to be an interesting court case to follow. If it turns out the gamma squeeze or short squeeze works, RH clients could easily claim massive monetary losses. I'm not sure it does satisfy the 4 part test, specifically in: (1) That the accused had the ability to influence market prices; (2) that the accused specifically intended to create or effect a price or price trend that does not reflect legitimate forces of supply and demand; (3) that artificial prices existed; and (4) that the accused caused the artificial prices. It isn't clear that #2 is satisfied. Telling people that there is an opportunity for a short squeeze to occur is also not that different from normal technical analysis, which stock analyists do all the time. Even setting a price target is not illegal. Porsche did a short squeeze on VW and Elon is quite blatant about squeezing shorts in TSLA, and they've been fine despite profiting handsomely from it. Citron was clearly 'stating their opinion' on GME being worthless, but since they disclosed their position (short on GME), they are fine. What typically makes it illegal is lying about your own stake, or prices, or data, or plans in an attempt to influence the market. Most smart analysts don't hold positions in what they are talking about, but some do, they disclose them, and they're good. If someone makes a trade, makes it public, and tells everyone why - and they think it's a great idea - then it doesn't meet the test IMO. Additionally for #3 - no one that I am aware of is using anything but public pricing data based on free and open market trading data, so it's hard to claim artificial prices existed. If someone has been publishing fake data (so claiming no short interest exists when it does, or more exists than does), then that would certainly check the box off. So far the only claims I've seen of that happening are in public financial analysis claims, not in the WSB data. Also for #4 - It isn't clear there is any accused that checks off all 4 boxes, or a conspiracy between any individuals that could check off all 4 boxes. WSB isn't a single entity, and my guess is that none of the moderators on WSB are involved in this (if so, they are really dumb). WSB is regularly looked at for insider trading, and always comes out clean because they are a forum where people talk, they actively suppress anything that looks like a pump and dump (at least a normal one), etc. edit: add a lot of info on the 4 point test I think I finally found out why this is often the case - took awhile to figure it out, and many people may intuitively know this without being able to articulate why. There is a lifecycle in industries and within companies. The more the industry you are in is exposed to competition, the more obvious and unavoidable it is. Some, such as a Dr's office, or a field/industry with geo-local niches (a plumber, or a well drilling outfit, or a realtor), the less obvious it is/the more you can sometimes avoid it. The more you're part of the global marketplace (tech, manufacturing - especially mass manufacturing, food, etc.) the more obvious and unavoidable it is. The way this typically works is: 1) A new field is discovered, a major disruptive shift happens in a marketplace, or a new niche opens up. Everyone jumps on the new openings - new players often have an advantage as they can move quicker and are less 'stuck' in old ways. They also tend to be small. They also tend to be pretty inefficient, but the opportunity is rich enough, it usually has plenty of room - most companies that aren't complete disasters will thrive. Even those that ARE complete disasters can survive. 2) Companies that start iterating on more efficient ways to produce value (more value for less cost) get a lot of extra capital in cashflow, or those that seem most promising are able to leverage outside capital (investment) to increase in scale. This means the 'machine' consuming customer needs is able to take more input, produce more output at a given company. This machinery is expensive to operate, but a key part - produces economies of scale. This rarely is at any one company, it is often spread across many companies, with various degrees of success/copying. With any luck, this expands the market (more customers, more money coming in). This often results in shifts of customers, as those who have free capital have invested in serving the customer needs better or are able to provide lower prices due to their improved economies of scale. This is why folks get so worked up about market share.It is also why Monopolies are so dangerous. 3) This iterates for awhile, until the market stops growing much. You now have a set of companies with various degrees of market share, ability to execute, economies of scale, debt load, etc. Usually 1-2 that are REALLY good, and others that give them a bit of a leg up in a particular niche. 4) Now it gets hard - market stops growing, or even worse shrinks. You have a set of companies with great economies of scale who can cut prices (easy for them, hard for others without that scale). These companies are probably also pretty decent at execution as they have a lot of practice. They also probably have a lot of capital (due to excess from their operations - 10% of a billion is a lot more money than 10% of 1 million, even assuming similar margins), or have experience raising capital. You also have a bunch of smaller companies with none of those things, or that tried to get there, couldn't pull it off, and are loaded with debt (even worse). Guess who loses? It is rarely the big co. Long term, it's called a cycle because of the shifts in markets/opportunities. They make the parts that were the big corp competitive advantage in the old environment - all the CapEx sunk cost + operation tuning at the big co - into more of a harm than a help in adjusting to the new reality. Also, no one wants to kill the 'goose that laid the golden egg', so there is intense organizational pressure to even attempt a pivot. Kodak and their huge miss re: digital photos is a great example of that. This also comes out a lot in things like forest growth, crop development, etc. If you're not racing to be the tallest tree around, or the tallest ear of corn - you're going to get starved out by those who will. Unless you're lucky enough to get a niche anyway they won't try to go after. Intentionally setting a 'be the best, don't try to grow too fast' business strategy is not, IMO, a good idea to do blindly, any more than settling into your current job and not seeking to learn or grow career wise or eventually find something better. If you're 'lucky' you may end up stagnant and complaining about all the people who passed you by. At the same time, job hopping between FAANG's every month will quickly run out of steam and leave you with nothing you've really accomplished, and impossible to meet deliverables (like a company that has overpromised/oversold itself without figuring out things like execution, sustainable company culture, etc.). It's a balance. Per my comment above - those industries tend to be government protected in a variety of different ways, and with all the fundamentals (sustainable company culture, most capital expenditures done, capital available as needed). It's essentially a sheltered niche. Germany is also quite 'stodgy' and not adopting many of the changes (social, technical, etc.) until things have been worked out. Which just isn't the way the US works. For better or worse, the US is the wild west in these issues. You end up with companies overextending themselves and blowing up (not just here of course), or companies not pushing hard enough and getting swallowed by or crushed by competitors - churn is harder, faster here, as is the adoption of new ideas. There is a reason Germany has essentially zero interesting tech companies, and it isn't because engineers don't like beer. VC also tends to be looking for big, long tail wins. If you blow up 9 companies, but the 10th is a huge success - you're gold. If 10 of your companies are middling successful? You're not going to have the returns your investors were looking for, and you're toast. Those companies provide the foundation of pensions (including German ones in many cases), give opportunity for people to move social ladders, provide jobs, etc. Money also is the most universal proxy for value you're going to find anywhere, and for those seeking to maximize their chances to get the most of it - the US is the place to be right now. Which is also why there is so much demand immigration wise (along with not terrible schools, reasonable social discourse, stable govern't comparatively, etc.) - if you're an up and coming, ambitious person looking to make it big, there is no better place in the world right now, with some notable edge cases. (China for instance, but only if you're Chinese). Germans (and most Western Europeans, but definitely not Eastern Europeans from what I've seen!) currently prioritize social stability and a base level of comfort and care over over the possibility of getting (individually) filthy rich. There are pros and cons to this, obviously, and different people will weight them differently based on their backgrounds. Very true - but it isn't just Americans, or even mostly Americans (by birth) playing this game, at least in tech. I've worked with plenty of Indians, Germans, Chinese (fewer hard chargers though - they tend to stay in China more recently), French, Czech, Russians, all here to, for lack of a better phrase - to get paid. More than 'native born' Americans, that's for sure. Even for 'native born' Americans, they almost all moved to the bay area (or the office/city they are in) from another state, sometimes half way across the country, and almost none grew up in the area the business or office is in. People who are ambitious will move to the opportunity. As some other comments noted, there is a lot of information missing to give you a good answer. Do you need to be off grid 24 hrs out of every 24 hrs? (No grid connection, permanent off grid) Do you need to be off grid UP TO 24 hours, with a grid connection most of the time? Is your grid power cheap? If so, how cheap? It might be worth it only as a weather related backup if it is cheap, or might be worth going full off grid if not. Do you plan on sustaining that 2kw the full 24 hr, or only peaking up to 2kw? If only peaking, for how long? There are lots of potential trade offs that could help a lot in making it cheaper, or make it much more expensive if you can’t do them. As with many things - ‘it depends’. You’ll certainly crank up some terrible hour counts running purely off a generator, but for only 2kw continuous you can size a generator that will sip fuel. Depending on local fuel prices, it could take many many years before solar would be even close cost wise. If only 2kw peak, a common strategy is generator to charge a battery bank, also charge when possible the bank with solar, and run inverters off the batteries (or switchover to the generator when charging the bank). Some people just skip the solar panels. Solar has many problems with unpredictability, and if you need to be sure you’ll have power year round, it isn’t a good idea to rely on it 100% without some other way to charge or supplement it. Dedicated off grid folks always have a generator in my experience, even if it rarely has to get fired up. Sizing a battery bank to give you enough excess to not worry about a freak 2 weeks of bad weather in winter is extremely expensive and has other issues (like not being able to properly cycle or maintain all the batteries due to lack of peak power) Using battery banks helps quite a bit, as you can use a larger, more efficient generator to charge the banks quickly and can size it perfectly to do so, then shut it off. So you might only be running the generator for 4-5 hrs a day or less. This helps with wear and tear, lets you be more efficient, etc. How efficient you can get depends a lot on the specific battery chemistry (columb efficiency), bank voltage, max charge rate (C rate, which is very high for lithium, less high for lead/acid), etc. so hard to calculate here. I personally use a small inverter generator to power ~ 2kw (1.8 specifically) loads for long periods of time off grid. I don't bother with a battery pack in this case, though eventually I will. I also use propane (since I can store/refill a 1000 gallon tank with no worries about it going bad - it will be fine for a decade or more, it's easy to transfer to portable bbq size containers, etc), and propane is $2.4/gal where I'm at in bulk. It supports that 1.8~kw/h load continuously, and burns ~ a 5 gallon propane tanks worth in 10 hours at that load. Lower loads, it will go as long as 18. This is at altitude (4500 ft), no supercharging or anything, so you'd get ~ 30% more efficiency at sea level. That is roughly half a gallon of propane for 1.8kw/h, or about $1.50/kwh - pretty much the most expensive and inefficient way to generate power using a generator I imagine. Diesel generators are far more efficient for the power they produce, but generally also output much more power and idle burns more fuel, but fuel is less stable - important for me in this case, not if you're running it a lot. If I was using diesel, I'd be charging a battery bank. In general, larger generators are more efficient (often MUCH more efficient) per unit power produced, as long as you can sustain load within their sweet spot. An over provisioned generator will waste a lot of fuel idling, and an overloaded generator will burn fuel inefficiently. This 'small' commercial generator [ https://www.ckpower.com/what-you-need-to-know-about-fuel-eff... ] (CK300VM-T4 Final) outputs 225kW, and puts out 14.25 kwH per gallon of fuel (rated capacity). If diesel was $3 a gallon like it is here, thats $.21 per kWh - damn cheap! So, assuming our friend here is running 24/7 at 2kw continuous using my terribly inefficient setup, he'd be going through 72 dollars a day in fuel. Quite a bit! But let's compare to solar! A 48kwh system is non-trivial in size and expense. A system rated to produce ~ 40kWh/day in winter (wholesale, DIY installation, no racking or batteries) is ~ 36k, and has 54 large panels. [ https://unboundsolar.com/1891324/unbound-solar/solar-kits/17... ] Battery option price varies. Lead acid is cheap, but needs to be over provisioned to avoid stupid short cell life (> 50% discharge will severely shorten cell life), and even overprovisioned if you're actually drawing down the cells much every day, you'll be lucky to get 3-5 years out of them. To have a day buffer (essential, even if you get perfect sunny weather 99% of the time) and not kill your cells quickly, you're looking at ~ $30k worth of batteries on top of that, at nnearly wholesale prices [ https://unboundsolar.com/1891324/unbound-solar/solar-kits/17... ] Lithium allows faster charging, deeper discharging, and longer cell life, but is expensive. A ~ 45-50kwh usable battery bank is going to run you an additional $60k at current market prices [ https://unboundsolar.com/shop/solar-batteries-backup/battery... ], and might not give you an actual full day buffer, depending on how much charge you got in the prior day. So let's assume we can do free racking somehow (racking and installation costs are often almost as much as a normal system), etc. We're looking at about 66k for a bare bones 'works when everything is perfect' system without much redundancy or backup. If you split that out over two years, you are paying $91/day, or $19/day more than if you were using that woefully inefficient generator, with a woefully expensive/inefficient fuel, at altitude with all it's associated losses. If you amortize it further over 5 years AND ignore maintenance, racking costs, battery wear, it starts to look like it would win. The reality is, you can't ignore those though. Unlike the generator, you're also stuck in place (those panels are huge and need to be very solidly anchored), and also unlike the generator the capex is all spent up front. You can't change plans a week in and do something else, you're out that money. Did I mention that the generator I'm talking about cost $850? Solar has it's place - mainly when you can predict the usage far in advance and can amortize the cost over many, many years (a decade or more). I get the impression you've never actually had to provision or budget a system like this? I've had to several times. No worries, hope it was helpful. It gets more complex for a real world case, as there are a number of factors that need careful balancing - too big a battery bank and it's hard to do the periodic rebalancing you need to keep the bank healthy, as it requires a significant amount of power, but infrequently. Too small a bank and you'll cycle your generator too often (lots of cold starts cause wear). If you never run your generator for very long, it'll probably be dead in a year or two from corrosion or similar issues - some have decent self exercise routines, but for many it's inadequate. Also, it's almost never a consistent predictable load, especially for households. Grid power benefits immensely from law of large numbers - any individual spiky demand someone does blends in when averaged over 100,000+ homes or a city of a million people, so you can predict and size things better. If you're the only user, your usage can swing from 50mw (standby power for something), or even zero mw - all the way to 11kw in the space of half second (welder). Way more orders of magnitude increase, and way faster than the grid will ever have to deal with. You'd need to decide if you'd want to be able to handle that, and if not, what you'd need to handle - and pay up front for the equipment. It's almost never a problem to have 'too large' an array from an electrical perspective, but from a practical use of land/space and cost (especially when racking, up to code electrical lines, installation) it's really hard to not cut corners there. Most people end up with arrays that are too small in winter, or don't take seasonal insolation variation, shade, or similar problems into account enough. Part of what has been helping with solar is dirt cheap financing. Even with nearly free panels, if you factor all the other associated costs in (if you're in the US, permitting can be a nightmare for instance), break even can be a decade or more out even with free money. After that it's not so bad though. Fuel prices and logistics are like you point out a big factor. In my case propane isn't overly expensive and I can get it delivered. Diesel isn't super cheap, but not bad either. If you're paying $10/gal for diesel delivered, or have to go months or more between deliveries of substandard fuel, it changes the equation a lot. OP never did reply with details did they? For sure, and if you require a bunch of the other checkboxes be checked (ability to change price, actual change in price, artificial prices) for a single individual or in an explicit conspiracy between individuals it gets even harder still. The laws around this grew up when this was all mostly done in private or between groups of individuals that were keeping things private (at least at the start), or were paying significant money to explicitly promote something. Posting about stuff on the internet in public and causing a defacto stampede, especially when it happens after hundreds of other unconnected strangers start posting their own thing? Not sure there is any precedent. Definitely going to be some interesting court cases coming out of this! Theory time - it could be due to reduced natural Vitamin D from lower sun exposure, a mostly sedentary life, combined with less life long physical labor (especially for women, who are severely under-represented in construction and heavy industry, which is about the only places you'd get that kind of exercise in modern society). Lifting weight helps bones get stronger, and Vitamin D is an essential nutrient in proper bone building. 100 years ago even, most people lived and worked on farms in the US (and many other places), now it's single digit percentages - and many of them spend it driving vehicles and similar less physical labor. Every serious Java based Web App I've ever worked on had a prewarm step or continuous probing setup for exactly these issues. It isn't unique to Java either - lots of languages have lazy library or dependency loading, or runtime caching of external files or the like that you want to do before you start serving requests. Because women have dramatically higher fracture rates due to osteoporosis (and lower bone mineral density in general) [ https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/11063899/ ], the only known way (outside of some, last I heard, unproven clinical vibration treatments) to get stronger bones is to lift heavy things while having proper nutrition, and about the only occupational exposure you're going to get to lifting heavy things on a regular basis is those industries? At least as of 2007 those industries (and related industries) were 78% male [ https://www.bls.gov/opub/mlr/2007/06/art2full.pdf ] There is also a similar visible skew in the power lifting, olympic lifting, or weight lifting communities for those into it recreationally. It used to be we all spent more time lifting heavy things. However, post WW2 that has rapidly declined. So one way to reduce or reverse this is if we ALL lifted heavy things more often. From a risk reduction perspective, that seems to be especially valuable for women? What collateral can be transferred in real time that would not also get caught up in market issues that would likely cause counterparty risk of some sort? Even US treasuries vary in price on a day to day basis, based on market conditions. Cash is the only thing with an agreed upon fixed value Not being able to cover your obligations with current cash flow (the situation where they would be defaulting on their obligations for existing trades they submitted) is pretty much the definition of bankruptcy, isn’t it? Robinhood agreed to those terms as part of being a broker and using DTCC - it’s part of the common broker insurance pool agreement required to use the clearing house, and required when trading on highly volatile stock to reduce the risk to counterparties if the stock falls mid-transaction/clearing. It is for exactly the situation where a counterparty (like RH) goes bankrupt and can’t pay, which they nearly did. Knowing this in advance and preparing for it is exactly the business RH is in, and they should have been much better prepared for it. If they were unable to meet this requirement it is a clear default on their obligations as a broker, and they would be bankrupt at this point. It would be like if I was trading on margin, but had no idea what my margin collateral requirements were - one day prices drop on the stock I’ve been trading and my broker does a margin call, and I’m going ‘uh what do you mean?!?’ when they liquidate my holdings because I never paid attention to any of that paperwork they sent over. Is it my brokers fault then? Home charging often doesn't need a faster rate.... because you're at home. Same with office charging. Where the faster rate is usually required is where you are somewhere you DON'T want to spend any significant period of time (like on the side of the road in the middle of nowhere, or on a road trip and don't want to stop longer than it would take to use the restroom/grab a snack). Those places are also places that already tend to have tons of specialized infrastructure and are co-located in places to maximize convenience (you know, gas stations, tow trucks). Gas cars don't have the advantage of being able to charge overnight when you're sleeping, or during the day when you're in meetings or hacking away on something - so in this sense, it's a solid 'pro' for electric vehicles. It would be pretty easy to setup large scale energy buffers at the equivalent of an electric gas station - from stationary li-ion battery banks, to flywheel energy storage, to supercaps - if spikes were a major issue. With California (and others) having excess capacity during the day due to Solar, it also allows better arbitrage opportunities, though not clear it would offset the costs. There is the 'only so much time in the day' issue too. If you have millions (or even 1000's if they are high touch) of customers, you'll never be able to code if you're spending your time talking to them - and it will probably be required to develop specialized skills in talking to them too. At some point, specialization has to happen. It also has drawbacks. Small teams are often dramatically more effective than large teams for similar reasons (ownership of the problem, less communication/education overhead), but they can only scale so far. And yet, not only became a public office holder after, but a key one overseeing and influencing the industry giving her the nominal 'bribe'? At which point it matters at lot? It's why I haven't bought electric, as well as others that I know who do long road or wilderness trips somewhere. I don't want to spend hours waiting for a charge somewhere. You have to provision vehicles based off outlier usage (I've used zipcar, normal car rental services, etc. - they are terrible during exactly the times I would need them most, like holidays and months it's good to travel or visit somewhere, and are not reliable), and try to not ruin too badly your 90% pctile usage efficiency while doing so. If a vehicle is a huge hassle (or impossible) to use for what I'd want to do 5% of the year, I either need a second vehicle for that 5% of the year (even more expensive and maintenance heavy), or a single vehicle that can cover 100% of my usage. A place doesn’t have to be federal wilderness to be wild - and all of the federal wilderness I know of have a nearby trailhead or similar you drive to for access. You’re probably not aware of what is actually going on with your bank account. You can, and likely do enter into all kinds of transactions where money in the account being required is an illusion. You can write checks all day long against an empty account. You can use a debit card against an account with say $1000 in it, and then transfer the money out before the charge hits in many cases. Debit and credit card transactions have up to 30 days to post to handle things like network outages and billing work with vendors. We’re slowly getting to faster clearing transactions, but there is a lot of work (much of it social and business process) that needs to happen before it actually works that way most of the time. Folks like RH and retail shops swallow the risk involved in this (and do have problems from time to time) because individual transactions are small and they make up for it with increased revenue by streamlining the process. Clearing houses are intermediaries that make sure both sides of the transaction are protected from brokers intentionally or unintentionally doing the equivalent of this, but with billions of dollars at stake. A type of escrow service, essentially. There is little benefit to making this go super fast, and plenty of potential scary side effects. The clearinghouse in this case wasn’t short cash - it was asking Robinhood to pay in it’s portion of the common insurance fund ALL brokers pay into in proportion to the risky things they are doing. Robinhood didn’t have the cash, so they negotiated doing less risky things instead. Uh huh. At least based off the classical definition, “an uncultivated, uninhabited, and inhospitable region.”, about 80% of Wyoming, most of Utah, and Montana at a minimum count. Some of that is federal wilderness, but the vast majority of it is not. Even here in overdeveloped California, the majority of the Sierra Nevada and Northern Coastal range easily counts, as does the ranges in the Mojave. Federal wilderness designation is an administrative one to apply certain rules to a portion of federally controlled land, not a classification of the remoteness of something or a statement of how untouched it is. Technically the moment you step off Yosemite valley floor you’re in federal wilderness - try to not get distracted by the 1500 tourists staring at you or the 10 giant busses idling in traffic 100 feet away. It's also really hard to pick 'can beat the market' (predictive of future behavior), from 'have beat the market' (retrospective analysis of results - what all it's associated survivorship biases and bias towards success in a past which will never repeat itself exactly. Someone WILL always beat the market. A small set of people WILL beat the market consistently - until they don't. That set gets smaller every year, until over a long enough timeframe it goes to zero. History has shown predicting who will be able to win over a specific timeframe is essentially impossible, and more random chance than skill - with temporary counter examples that always revert to the mean over time. If you include their costs and fees, that is not the case though is it? Or at least the data I've been able to find doesn't support that. You're also talking about rearward looking data, not forward looking predictability, often only including hedge funds for instance that still exist today. For any given hedgefund who outperformed in the past, how likely is it that, if you made a judgement today on their ability to perform, and then waited 1, 5, 10 years in the future, it would match that judgement? What are the odds they'll exist then, or be merged or renamed or whatever? If you today made a bet for 10 years from now as to Steph Curry's 3 point average then, how likely would it be to win? There is a reason anything to do with the markets is almost always followed with 'past performance is no guarantee of future results'. There are also confounding effects like the Bernie Madoff's and Enron's of the world, and major issues with visibility into most hedge funds that make it difficult to actually compared performance on a level playing field. If someone is 'loading the die' using insider trading, tips from the CIA or whatever, it would be really difficult to call them anything but incredibly skilled/lucky - and you couldn't tell the difference unless it blew up publicly. Thanks for doing the math! It would be fun to really really look into this. Run some controlled experiments (alas no multi universe engine to do that correctly), deep dive into what each fund actually does to find positive or negative correlations, etc. It would be interesting for instance to do back testing on many of these things - if someone is declared a ‘winner’, vs not declared a winner (but doing the same things), is the likelyhood the winning streak holds up greater or lesser? Does a large amount under investment change odds of success? (Big pockets make it easier to win?) Does a change in amount under investment change odds of success? (People flock to perceived winners, both investors and opportunities, increasing their odds of success) For future reference, having done it both ways - finding a good out for yourself(and putting your oxygen mask on first) is usually better for the people under you too, as it shows them what they should be doing AND gives them (often) a place they can reach out to and land. Should you be showing it's ok to stay (by example), or that it's ok to leave? (by example) Sure you can - by finding something better, which is all anyone is concerned about from leaving anyway. The other parts (badmouthing you behind your back or whatever), have no effect on you once you’re gone except to highlight even more why folks should leave. People are not ignorant of the type of bosses that do that sort of thing, or what it means in my experience. Worrying about the narrative some asshole is going to spin about your departure just puts you in their power - which is why they do it. The folks on the line generally don’t care, certainly not to the extent that should let someone control you in a toxic environment. If you never stay long enough to finish what you started, it's hard to really accomplish anything. In my experience, that usually takes at least a year or two (usually two). Also, if you run at the first sign of trouble, it's hard to really accomplish anything (or learn many things actually, since a lot of learning is failing and trying again). It's also expensive for the people managing you/teaching you and the org in general. Those are the things people are concerned about when they talk about job hopping. For anyone reading this - if you have a pattern of moving every 6 months, or a year - and it's consistent - there may be underlying issues (mental health, interpersonal problems, unrealistic expectations, lack of skills/fit to the role) that would be helpful to address. Long term, it is pointing to problems that are likely holding you back professionally, and may also make it more enjoyable being you if you worked on them. That said - every time I've started a role or a job and said to myself 'this is terrible I should leave, but.... it's only been x time and I want to give it at least y amount of time' (where y was 6 months or a year), I've regretted it. The last time I had this happen, I knew I should leave literally 2 days in when my new manager cut short my supposed 3-6 months ramp up time to throw me directly into a particularly hard external customer negotiation issue. I ended up burning out and damaging my reputation doing so trying to 'give it a try' - a year and a half later. It's a balance. Look for patterns. That’s what I was talking about in part - They keep the people there who for whatever reason it works on (denial, fear, whatever), there are also those that connect with and think it’s a good environment. There are also those who don’t care and are using it to get experience and will bounce to a better place later. And there are also those that it helps to see someone succeed and get out. And those who seeing someone succeed is a threat to them, as it challenges all the other factors they’re in denial about. The only ones who ‘leaving’ hurts is the ones who are enabling the bad environment. For everyone else? It’s just another day. Don’t fall for the BS, you’ll be worse off for it later and regret it. But make sure you have a plan and a backup option. Rage quitting when you’ll be bankrupt in a week is dumb. A single atomic electron state will almost certainly switch to a problematic degree except for very exceptional materials in typical room temperature type conditions - free ozone, UV light, background radiation. most crystals will grow or change at room temperature in some way over time (normalizing to the lower energy state if they weren’t 100% already, or high energy perturbances like UV light damaging the matrix and then ‘falling down’ the energy ladder again). Diamonds ablate through oxidation as well. Error correcting helps of course, but we already have to do a LOT of error correcting to make even the ‘low density’ spinning rust drives we have now work. At some point you have so much noise, your error correction overhead is too high to make it worthwhile - which is the current issue with high q-bit quantum computers for instance We’re a long way from having the materials science to be able to do this. Same issues plague quantum computing. Maybe some day though? Yes, but they do tend to avoid doing so if you’ve, for instance, plausibly lost the ability to do what the order demands you do - like forgotten the password or lost the keys, and there is no evidence you have backups. Additionally, ‘knowledge’ such as a password has been pretty consistently ruled as protected by the 5th amendment and in theory someone couldn’t be held in contempt for refusing to divulge it here in the US. However, if someone is already convicted or seizure of something is blocked by that knowledge (that may also be incriminating if someone has it?), that is less tested and probably not protected. Even if you haven’t, it is very, very rare (and usually requires high profile political pressure) for being held over contempt to happen for very long. Doing something similar with cocaine, marijuana, LSD did definitely reduce the degree of commerce happening with them - but has definitely not caused them to go away. You’re presuming no money laundering for instance, or that one state entity controls enough of the endpoints that it would work well enough it could actually be enforced. Not impossible (I guess), but practically not possible either. Depends. He might be able to sell the keys to a third party (who those authorities have no access to), for a discount in say cash or something where the transaction isn’t logged, and then be obviously not touching it when transactions or moves occurs - perhaps in court talking to a judge, or something similar. It’s hard to separate something like that from someone finding an old key/seed backup or the like, which I don’t think anyone would consider a proper prosecution. There is also a plausible scenario like a gov’t or court appointee actually getting or cracking the password somehow and stealing it themselves, like what happened with a significant Bitcoin balance related to Silk Road that got seized and then stolen from under the gov’ts nose by a secret service agent. Which would require finding it, or it being within a jurisdiction they control, etc. It depends on how plausible/likely it was you actually have control or how much of an example they wanted to make I imagine. Here is a story about such a case, but not crypto related - 17 years! [ https://www.google.com/amp/s/abcnews.go.com/amp/2020/story%3... ] If it's sitting in a truly opaque case, it definitely isn't a tape! Shutters aren't perfect, and they open every time the cassette is used. That sounds more like a hard drive? UV and other short wavelength light can come from inside the case or the crystal from background radiation or cosmic rays as well. Reed-solomon encoding, n-copies, they all have capacity tradeoffs and error rate detection/correction limits, and get away from the 'single bit' ideal quite a bit (for n-copies, at least by 2x, usually 3x even in the most ideal situation). It's also non-trivial to avoid something like a background radiation emission 'tunneling' through and causing non-trivial damage to a sector. It's going to be statistical level analysis for awhile, at least at temps near room temperature or devices only practical in a specially shielded lab. MRIs are heavily shielded and regularly calibrated, and are only doing bulk statistical analysis. AFM or MFM [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atomic_force_microscopy ] is the closest we can currently get, and they suffer from a number of issues, including damage to what it's touching, repeatability/precision issues, thermal drift, etc. and that is just getting what is usually a one time read. Senior director or Vice President (or in a team like you describe, ‘sales manager’ hah) I'm wondering if we're starting to see a shift towards more closed off/nationalized internet actually - with COVID, borders closing, fights over 'fake news' and how to do something about it (with approaches as varied as Poland, US, China, Australia), it seems like globalization is unravelling in a bunch of angry yelling between Governments. Every software package and SaaS provider always includes an explicit lack of warranty somewhere in their TOS - and if that means we’re just working off trust, we probably need to move to more ‘trust but verify’ instead of the current ‘fool me once, well just fool me as many times as you want because I won’t use something else anyway and you know it’ model we seem to be using now. The challenge being is that Congress doesn’t want to go through all the trouble to do that, and frankly would probably be too slow even if they did. Say Congress writes a law saying it’s illegal to dump toxic waste in a river. Pretty clear cut, right? Well, law rolls out, and now you have an enforcement problem with all the edge cases. For instance, what counts as a river? Does the drainage ditch behind the building count? Does the creek? Does it matter if it has water in it right now, or will have water in it later? Also, what counts as toxic waste? If a substance is poisonous at say 100ppm and considered toxic - what happens if we dilute it so it’s 100ppb. Still toxic waste? What if the background level in the tap water in the area is 100ppb? Is it dumping if a building containing the waste catches on fire and falls in the river? Does it have the same penalties? What if it was arson? These edge cases come up during the regular course of enforcing these laws, and at some point someone has to decide what the right thing to do is. Situations can change too - say a dry river wasn’t considered a river - until a massive conglomerate used that ‘loophole’ and started dumping massive amounts of toxic waste into dry river beds, that then flooded and poisoned a bunch of people. Do you want to wait for congress to get it’s act together, or do you want an agency to step in and follow the intent of the law, clarifying the prior ‘dry rivers are not rivers’ stance to ‘a channel that has, or will have, predictable seasonal water flow’? The rule making process is designed to give visibility, and predictability into this process. It used to be people would just do whatever and never formalize these decisons, or formalize them internally and never publish them so people could challenge them. My guess is they meant their equivalent of the $4 cappuccino is now $10 (or more) in their local currency, which while not mathematically correct is probably the most intuitive way to understand it (as compared to losing 60% which would more than double prices). Not the poster though. I don’t think you’re wrong. You might be missing a bigger game though. BTC is fundamentally deflationary in nature - let’s ignore the price volatility and the like for now, I’ll cover that later. It has also so far proven incredibly resistant to attack, both inside and outside the community and despite easy billion dollar payouts if an attack would be successful. There are also efforts making good progress (lightning network among others), addressing structural issues, and large scale semi regulated brokers with good track records (coinbase, kraken). The price volatility is speculative, and while some is get rich quick (well, a lot), some is also what happens in a deflationary spiral. If we speculate that Bitcoin will end up being a ‘not able to be broken by a greedy gov’t like all the other currencies’ means of exchange, the current price is cheap. Every large institution will need some to clear central bank type transactions (the part that may be what ends up on the blockchain), and 14 million ish isn’t enough at current prices. If we speculate that will never happen; the current price is ridiculous and it’s all just a giant Ponzi scheme. Frankly, neither of these options it is fair to rule out, and the volatility is because of uncertainty and the wide variability in value for Bitcoin between these options. We’re entering a stage where global attitudes are shifting to one of distrust, especially between countries and citizens and their gov’ts, and some means of exchange that doesn’t require a distrusted entity to play nice has value, even if it isn’t 50k per. Devils advocate - it is possible the large swings are also because it does not have the counterbalancing effect of a large economy on it, and as it gets used more often that will change. Being able to buy something I want today, because the price went up from yesterday, or saving today when I would have spent, because the price has dropped today causes a regulating effect. Right now the usage of it is low, small changes in this equation have an outsized effect. First part of your argument - Isn’t this literally the argument against every new anything? Second part - I think you’re also misunderstanding? Central banks hold gold and other countries currencies for international clearing, export/import, and national security reasons. A central bank is not holding them for price stability and inflation control. Only a small handful of central banks (the fed) meaningfully target those goals, and if they do it is for their own fiat currency. If you think a central bank is going to hesitate to hold a useful asset for international exchange purposes if a ‘ceo or worse your enemy’ could send it spinning, you’re not paying attention? China’s central bank holds at least $1 trillion US dollars for instance [ https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign-exchange_reserves_of... ], along with Euros and every other currency useful for it’s goals. There is a huge variety of foreign reserves currencies in wide use [ https://data.imf.org/?sk=E6A5F467-C14B-4AA8-9F6D-5A09EC4E62A... ] covering everything from Chinese renmenbi to Swiss Francs and UKP. All of these change dramatically relative to each other on short notice, all are enemies or economic competitors with some selection of people using them as reserve currencies, and there is no central authority to go crying to if one of them defaults on their debts or inflates their currencies. And third part - I’m not saying it’s likely any government would replace it’s fiat currency with BTC or any other currency out of it’s control. I’m saying Zimbabwe and many other places don’t really run on their local currency, they run on what people use (currently dollars in most cases, but some places BTC is getting traction) - because their gov’ts destroy the utility of the their local currencies and people can’t trust it. I think you're fundamentally misunderstanding my comment, and we're mostly agreeing with each other - apologies if I wasn't clear! I was quite explicitly referring to speculative future events, and how their odds of happening directly impact current pricing of bitcoin. USD is reasonably well regulated now and has been historically - by some definition - at least as well as any of its competitor currencies, though none of them are looking particularly great right now by traditional measures. What are the odds it will remain so for 10 years? 20 years? 50 years? Less than 100%, better than 0%. As BTC addresses issues over the next 10, 20, 50 years - could it be a viable option for central bank clearing in the way JPY, USD, or gold is now? What are the odds? 100%? 0%? With the work, attention, and considering the existing progress it's made, will it be a viable option for a trans-national or even national currency over the same time frames? What are the odds? 0%? 100%? I'm pointing out that 1) none of those options is clearly a 0% or 100% outcome over the time frames we're talking about 2) depending on your individual judgement and how optimistic or pessimistic you are about various parts of these equations, depends on what you think BTC's value currently is. Even people just hedging their bets against a not impossible outcome can lead to a deflationary spiral, leading to high prices until there is clear data one way or another where things will end up. Frankly, pretty much all of these items (albeit often phrased differently, but objectively same pattern/issues) lined up with adult ADHD as well. Adults are hard to diagnose, as they'd generally accumulated a lifetime of habits and coping mechanisms that can mask the underlying patterns, with various degrees of success. Some of the how to do better items listed in the article are classic coping mechanisms, and do help - if you can do them. If you've struggled with doing these methods, or persistently fall back on old habits besides trying them, and it's causing you some distress - you might want to check out https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/adult-adhd/sy... Nearest as anyone can tell right now, it affects ~ 4-5% of the adult population, men and women in equal amounts, but is poorly understood and often attributed to other causes. Women in particular. You’re still confusing your costs as important here - which is very convenient for employers! It isn’t how they operate (if they’re smart anyway) in the open market, and if you’re smart you won’t operate that way in the labor market either. Understand and negotiate based off the value you provide, and what you can bring to the business. Chances are, your local cost of living has very little to do with that. In a location constrained, pre wfh market you are right. Now, that is definitely not the case. For those working remotely before, it also pulls back the current more directly. Local cost of living, if everyone is working remotely, has no bearing on the value you provide your employer. Discussing location based pay in that environment is rather absurd, is it not? It's not an if (for certain industries), it's been happening and is only accelerating. It's exactly what was behind the outsourcing to India of IT for instance. The difference now is artificial constraints within countries around locale are loosening, meaning locals can play the same game (and take advantage of similar bid/ask spreads personally). IT work in India happened because while super hard to get started/get over the bar, the wage differential was huge (between what a viable candidate would accept, and what the company was willing to pay). Multinationals who could get over the bar to take advantage of it have reaped trillions. For jobs that are fundamentally local, it is different (plumber for instance). The number of those jobs is decreasing over time, however. This will likely result in a 'reverse brain drain' as long as conditions persist, with rural areas benefitting from smart and ambitious people no longer being forced to relocate to a city to benefit. They'll pump money into the local economy. For people already remote, they'll have more competition and will need to continue to differentiate. For those in cities, well - it's gonna be rough. Long term, it's likely that center of gravity will shift back to the cities - physical distance does have beneficial effects, and at least when there isn't a pandemic, it tends to override the other issues with city life (competition for space means high rents, noise, etc.). It might take awhile though. And to address your concerns re: salary equalization - it's happened/happening for sure. It is why it is so important to uplevel and be the higher/more valuable employee/asset. If you're a good problem solver and software engineer, you can demand a higher wage, even with the equalization, as you're in a top %'tile market demand wise. If you're aiming for low/mid-level (generic) employee, you're eventually going to have a hard time competing with someone who can survive on less. It has been what is causing a lot of the angst in the middle and lower class (especially in manufacturing jobs), as their labor is easy to outsource in many cases to cheaper places. ‘Having a say in someone else’s property’ is really ‘voters voting for the rules and laws they want’. As long as the rules benefit most people who vote, why would they want to change it? And right now, that is exactly what is happening - it isn’t changing because most people who vote are benefitting from it. It’s a pretty fundamental part of a democracy. Until either 1) more people who don’t benefit from the current rules change the rules through voting, or 2) some non-democratic (in the sense of not directly answerable to an election) institution such as the courts change some rules, or 3) someone manages to convince the voting bloc to vote against their interests and change the rules, it is what is is. All the handwringing about the situation is just hot air. He isn’t- but if enough others agree that is what they want, why shouldn’t they be able to? That’s literally what democracy is! It’s not their responsibility - not anyone’s! - to take a shot in the nuts so someone else can be happy, despite any guilt tripping. And what right do they have to impose on others to change and take damaging consequences so they can be happier or their life easier without compensating them for it? That system at city hall exists because the Mayor (elected) and Board of Supervisors (elected) wish it to be so, and they wish it to be so, so they stay elected. All the measures you’re talking about are about point #3 - talking about housing abstractly so they don’t notice how it will impact them on their block, for instance, or shifting the ‘balance of interest’ to state wide so they don’t/can’t connect the laws they are voting for to their local impact. It might work - locals will be angry when they figure it out though, and there will be a backlash. The reality is, if the people living in San Francisco wanted development, they’d get it. If they don’t, you can try to trick, cajol, force, or ignore them until you get development - but don’t expect them to go along quietly. Why should Modesto have a say in what gets built in San Francisco? I’m pretty sure the folks in Modesto would be pretty pissed if San Francisco was dictating building rules to them! And Phoenix or Las Vegas aren’t even in the same states or legal jurisdictions. If you told them San Francisco was going to be able to tell them what to build or how, you’d just get laughed at. If you think building a high density apartment complex in the middle of a single family zoned subdivision against the residents wishes wouldn’t be taken as a ‘shot to the nuts’ of someone who had bought and lived there for years, you probably don’t know too many people who have? Fair or not, you can’t walk in and dictate to someone in that situation how they are going to take it, or what is reasonable and expect anything but well deserved anger. The renters do - but they often don’t vote. And realistically, would you want to be subject to the laws passed by someone who doesn’t live in your area? Even if they say they’d like to? It’s bad enough with things like federal marijuana laws vs state ones, and those don’t control where you can live or what gets built next to where you already do. I don’t think that was the argument was it? It’s all negotiations. If you think it’s worth taking a $10k paycut for a $5k (for the business)/$12k (as an individual) health plan, then it’s win-win. If you take a $10k paycheck because you live in Nebraska (and nothing else), and the Company is in SF? That’s just bad negotiating. If the company is in Nebraska and only pays $10k less and can get plenty of takers locally - then they won’t get many people from SF, and they’re probably fine with that. I guess you never heard of the Richmond city manager who got fired? [ https://richmondbizsense.com/2021/01/20/richmond-planning-di... ] Are activists making some inroads? Sure. Things change! The generation with the largest vested interest is dying out and the changes snuck in during the last election that neuters a lot of the longer term prop 13 issues is going to help with some of the transition. I’m looking forward to when it happens. Until one of those 3 items I talk about happens though, it ain’t, and this is still hot air - I’ve been in California nearly 30 years, and this hasn’t changed yet. I’m hoping sometime before 50 it will, but I’m not holding my breath. What are you talking about exactly? That’s nice and all, but none of those things but SB35 actually matters in any real way that I can tell - and SB35 passed in ‘17 and so far hasn’t changed anything important, or we wouldn’t still all be bitching about the exact same thing we have been since well before then! SB50 never passed, Modesto can ‘be pissed’ (why exactly?) at the higher property values and income all their residents who work in SF are benefiting from - they don’t seem to be trying to change that equation much! Sure someone is complaining about it, but when is THAT not the case about... everything? I’m also curious what standing or stake they could claim (you assert they have one) - are they all paying property taxes in SF, or City residents who aren’t being allowed to vote because they commute to their second homes in Modesto? Or are they just driving in and out for jobs, and have as much claim to authority on how the city should run it’s business as a UPS driver dropping off a package? I’m also curious what legal standing Phoenix or SF could claim for a suit against each other for.... people moving of their own free will between those cities for economic reasons? That would be quite an interesting lawsuit at the federal level for sure! Who would end up paying whom anyway? The city that was too expensive for otherwise qualified labor; so they moved to somewhere cheaper and are now contributing, tax paying, members of society there? Or the evil ‘good citizen’ stealing city luring productive (but maybe not 7 figure earning) folks away with bribes like affordable housing? So you’re saying people who don’t live in an area...... don’t get to vote on the laws in that area? What else do you propose should happen? Should California allow Texans to vote on state propositions? Should Marin county voters decide on who the Santa Clara County Sheriff is? Since they haven’t moved there, how could you even decide which hypothetical future residence county they were voting for or eligible in? Would I get to vote in Vail, CO because I’ve always wanted to move there? What if I decide that’s actually silly, and change my mind - are my prior votes now invalid? What if I have 10 different places on my want to move list? If you are referring to the propositions as a failure of the state, I tend to agree. It’s also the only way to directly address other propositions (like Prop 13). One thing I’ve seen in full force with for instance Prop 19 (which rolled back some of the egregious prop 13 issues such as broadly inheritable grandfathered property taxes), is that the easily accessible descriptions were all (charitably) misleading marketing fluff to sell the majority of the public on significant impacts to taxation on property that they would almost certainly not have passed if they had known the implications - people were scrambling even in Jan/Feb to figure out what it even meant for inherited real property. In most cases, it means it doesn’t actually make sense to do anything but sell it now; which is a huge shift from before, and will cost many children of regular middle class families hundreds of thousands of dollars long term (but correspondingly give 100’s of billions to the state, and close loopholes related to some commercial property or large family landlords) It explicitly is though - the reflection of the will of the people living there right now (or at least those of them that get out and vote, which definitely isn’t everyone, but what else can you do?). You seem to be trying to include the will of a hypothetical future set of people that may or may not arrive - practically though, how would that even work? I mean, that was a trend for a long time hah. Even in this thread we’ve got folks talking about the 3k+ Bitcoin they used to have. There were a number of robberies of people somewhat prominent in the early movement even on the assumption they still held some. No offense, but you're a bit all over the place? Near as I can tell, your counter-argument seems to be 'but there is stuff that could change it!' which.... could be? Your arguments don't really seem cohesive or coherent enough to me to indicate how realistic or likely any of those would materially impact our current situation more than say the generation currently benefitting the most from this situation (boomers) slowly dying out. For instance the Phoenix vs SF argument seemed to go from a 'Phoenix has the right to demand SF change what it's doing' (not trying to strawman, that's what I read) to 'sfh rezoning is entirely possible!' and 'we can change conforming mortgage rules!' - which hey maybe - but why should they, and why should anyone with the power to do it care right now? I don’t think I’ve seen it ACTUALLY be anything but B in the real world, but theoretically, to answer your question - 1) that’s interesting! What do you consider the hardest people management issue you’ve run across? 2) what is the people management problem you think most people overrate in difficulty? It usually will surface if they, for instance, consider people management easy because they have zero emotional affect and hence never bear any emotional load, or if they’ve been bless by ignorance and don’t see the work their peer and senior managers are doing to avoid them setting everything on fire, or never consider coaching or growth of someone to be a problem - because they never do it. In most companies, once you’ve built or found the people to delegate that too, and handed it off successfully - congrats, you’ve demonstrated you can handle the next level and you get the next round of challenges. If you’re sitting around with nothing to do, either you’re in a dead end, or no one actually trusts you with more once you’ve ‘succeeded’ because you’ve burned too many bridges or alienated key people - even if the org chart looks good. Of course if someone is finding themselves in that churn all day for any length of time, you are quite correct - they are busy not succeeding. I literally do this for a living (20+ years now), and have never seen anyone successfully pull this off that was doing what I (or the company) called managing. I have seen a few people convince themselves this is what they were doing (usually in a line manager/tlm role), while everyone around them was suffering from lack of a proper manager, which their lack of EQ was hiding. If you somehow found the secret sauce for this, please do share! This outage is undoubtably causing 10's of billions of dollars of property damage as we speak (the internet is being flooded with pictures of burst pipes, not to mention rather stark conditions for everyday people that will almost certain result in many deaths in outlier populations). If the utility company had a disclaimer on their bills, or a billing option to pay more or less depending on if you wanted to run this type of risk - maybe it would be a tradeoff people could make? Instead this seems to be a complete failure of the regulated utility and it's governing political apparatus resulting in an entirely preventable 'major hurricane' level crisis. The hard part for me, was in the same breath of saying that, they said 'All health care workers need to wear a N95 or better rated mask.'. It was a clear lie to mislead the public, and so transparent it could not possibly accomplish the task of avoiding hoarding, while also torpedoing any trust anyone paying attention might have had in the CDC. That set of statements probably cost almost as many (or more) lives as the (very misleading) 'no such thing as asymptomatic spread' comments from WHO. Hughesnet and other geostationary providers have 400+ Latency that are rather terrible. While true - 'traditional' underwriting would not allow that kind of risk, as the lack of slack to be able to take a vacation means another life challenge (6 months without a job?) would likely result in a default at the worst time for selling the asset - when a bunch of other people are out a job. Same with requirements for large downpayments (20% traditionally) - more skin in the game for the buyer, along with more cushion for the bank to make their money back if the market is down when a default happens. Thinner margins, higher leverage happens near the top of debt cycles (typically) as lenders get desperate for return, and amp up risk. The type of leverage it allows also inflates asset prices, as money is 'easier' and people who want asset x can leverage higher to get it, increasing demand. Who decides that someone is a responsible and healthy adult? Do we have any data on how many responsible and healthy adults try heroin? Anecdata and broad brush strokes of course - In my experience anyway, the actually responsible and heathy adults I know haven’t felt the need to use heroin. The people who somehow are able to delude themselves into thinking they are responsible and healthy while obviously in crippling mental and/or physical pain, have - and it’s been devastating to them. I’ve had prescription opioids before (hydrocodone, codeine, morphine) during medical emergencies. The feeling of peace and calm is amazing - which is exactly why it attracts people in pain and suffering, destructively so in many cases. It is difficult to know if that feeling is going to be magnetic or repulsive to you until you try it. It happens to be repulsive in my case (I know it’s a trap), thankfully. It’s a complicated story of course, and bad outcomes tend to get the press. Better treatment (including in many cases mental health treatment) is definitely needed. It is not the only substance like this - alcohol, tobacco, amphetamines, and others have track records of similar problems. Pretending that anyone and everyone could self evaluate and go for it without a decent percent of them having major problems for them and those around them is unfortunately just not a good idea. Oxycodone is legal [albeit controlled]. There are plenty of pill doctors that will prescribe oxycodone to anyone that doesn't look like too big of a mess. A cousin of mine stole oxycodone from my grandmother when she couldn't afford the ever increasing costs of her spiraling out of control oxycodone habit. People have murdered and gone bankrupt acquiring oxycodone, and continue to do so. [ https://www.pharmacytimes.com/news/pharmacist-killed-after-r... ] If you're saying 'I meant it should be legal to buy over the counter for cheap and/or given away for free', then that might decrease the number of people being robbed for it - but doesn't seem to decrease the number of overdose deaths, area crime rate, or urban decay by as huge an amount (or maybe it just concentrates it?), at least based on the experiment in Vancouver, BC, Canada's lower east side. The Netherlands is also problematic, and not a solved problem. [ https://www.areavibes.com/vancouver-bc/downtown+eastside/cri... , and overdose deaths have continued to skyrocket in Vancouver [ http://www.vch.ca/Documents/CMHO-report.pdf ] despite harm reduction, decriminalization, and other means. Areas like San Francisco with de-facto decriminalization also have major problems with people, for lack of a better word, rotting of neglect on the street - something that I've also seen first hand in Vancouver. I also have friends who have seen this first hand in Seattle. Resident complaints around muggings, being assaulted unpredictably by unstable mentally ill people (on drugs or not is hard to say, but there is a high correlation with this and these areas in my personal experience) are hard to ignore. This isn't a solved problem, and I'm not advocating for 'lock them up' policies - but pretending this will all be cool if everyone can walk down to the corner store and buy heroin if they think they're up for it isn't helping anyone either. Interestingly enough - all crime (including in the US with it's war on drugs) has dropped dramatically since the 80's. Lots of theories about leaded gasoline phase-outs, etc. but it's a complex multi-variate problem. Merely having the issues about use widely known (and the initial round of people super susceptible to it) can also cause many people to shy away, with significant decreases in abuse. 400+ms pings make the connection useless for anything resembling interactive use, which is pertinent. If my internet provider had 100mbs symmetric but I got that kind of ping I wouldn't even consider it a functioning internet connection, let alone 100 mbs, even if in some theoretical tuned workload I could actually move data that fast (UUCP with tuned TCP window sizes? UDP with some sort of custom packet loss recovery algo?) Which is a very near mirror to Heroin, which was created as a less addictive/problematic alternative to Opium. Also, correct me if I’m wrong, but that doesn’t seem to address my core point? Legality can reduce some negative effects, but it isn’t a cure-all. There are also a lot of people that should just not use opiates or bad things will happen, and we can’t predict who those people will be reliably until it is too late. So please don’t use opiates unless you really really need to, and be aware of the dangers. It's still an open question because you're confusing what they are saying with what is going on, and not looking at what they are doing first as a source of truth. News that no one pays for doesn't help them. But also, news no one knows they have first is also news no one will pay for - or tell any of their friends to go to them for! They're in a catch 22 re: their business model - they need visibility, they need people to be able to see them and know they have something insightful to add or they're dead in the water. Now that means the search engines and aggregators, as that is where most people are looking. Most people also won't pay for random links sent by friends, or even an insightful article if they can get it somewhere else (even at a lower quality). It's an even more brutal version of what the music and movie industry deal with around streaming (and will again in movies due to the proliferation of half baked streaming services). Additionally, SARS v1 was not contagious until there were visible symptoms - a huge difference from COVID/SARS v2. That seems unlikely, if for no other reason than the way COVID has spread. Do you have any data? All the data I've seen on SARs and the mechanisms deployed to control it indicate infectivity at or only very, very shortly before clear symptoms or they would not have been able to control it. COVID is quite clearly infectious before visible symptoms of any kind, and even when visible many times symptoms are pretty mild - where SARs was not - and this matches it's observed spread and difficulty in controlling it. Per the article, the ATF is deeming a non-machine gun a machinegun if you want it or not. That's fairly easy?!?! That's a textbook yak shaving exercise if I heard of one, and seems like it would have to involve multiple parties during the exercise. Many exchanges have pretended for a long time that USDT is 'the same' as dollars, and there are going to be a lot of folks pissed that it isn't actually the same thing. Is 'pretty normal business behavior' pretending two entities (bitfinex and Tether) are arms lengths entities with no relationship to each other to hide the conflict of interest, along with the provably lying about the actual backing of the coin, and using what were supposed to be customer trust funds to bail out what was supposed to be an explicitly stated unrelated business? If so - be aware those are felonies in many industries and are probably criminal in most jurisdictions (fraud at a minimum). For very good reasons. What you are pointing to is expressly pointing out that 1) it is illegal, 2) it is illegal for a very good reason, 3) if anyone finds out the illegal things going on, it will likely result in catastrophic (or at least very, very expensive) consequences. The pretending part that Tether and Bitfinex were doing was fundamentally different than the walling happening within financial institutions, where it has to be disjoint staff, disjoint control/leadership, and if someone sneaks through compliance and shares data ( wink wink ) it is highly likely someone will get fired if compliance finds out. In the Tether/Bitfinex issue, they shared board members and ownership despite claiming they didn't in public, and were misrepresenting themselves in a very material way as independent. If you were just adding some information, apologies. If you were advocating that clear evidence someone is brazenly committing a crime is not a justifiable and strong reason to distrust them, or even that it is inappropriate to hypothesize how they could be getting rich while continue to do similar things - then yikes? If you were saying Situation Normal, All Fucked Up - then extra yikes? Goldman Sachs (or some random VC firm) say might have some subtle versions of this going on, but if they were doing what Tether is and has been doing right now, they wouldn't be a solvent entity for very long. That Tether is hiding from jurisdictions (for now) in a way that Goldman can't doesn't inspire confidence in their trustworthiness or stability going forward, as they're clearly on the radar now and blood is in the water. Along with a lot of money and some high profile political promotions, potentially. At the root of this is who gets to interpret a (often vague, often overreaching) law. One could argue the courts and they certainly are the ones with the role of doing any final interpretation. However, who decides to take someone to court, or apply the weight of a federal/state prosecution to someone in an attempt to do so? The on the ground executive agencies. These agencies have wide latitude in interpreting what is or is not illegal, which could include asserting 'that is obviously not a machine gun' [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gatling_gun ] to 'this is clearly a machine gun' [this case], even to the point of changing their mind and now prosecuting previously un-prosecuted 'now' violations. It takes a case going to court to get the courts to weigh in on it in general, and controversial cases often will not. A recent example of such a 'this is fine', 'actually this is not and we're going to retroactively go after you for this' is the Polymer80 raid [ https://www.rgj.com/story/news/2020/12/15/dayton-based-gun-m... ], where a manufacturer following prior ATF guidelines regarding what is or is not a gun to make kits for self-manufacture is now accused by the ATF of selling and shipping guns - when their own prior guidance say they are not guns. There are plenty of laws right now in all jurisdictions that are enforced with no real belief a court would ever uphold an arrest if it got that far. One such example is Loitering laws which have been ruled unconstitutional for many reasons, including 1st amendment, and even when rewritten to avoid those problems [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/City_of_Chicago_v._Morales ], get ruled unconstitutional for other reasons like being so vague no one has any reasonable idea if it would apply to them. They provide a fig leaf of lawfulness and authority on what is fundamentally a way to assert control over a group, individual, or place, and deter unwanted (by the agency) activity through harassment. The associated arrest records (if they exist, in many cases the offender is released before booking) can be a big problem during background checks, or even trigger statutory penalties that can stop someone from exercising civil rights like owning a firearm for self defense. Even without arrest records or formal charges, being arrested and held up to just short of 2 days (in California), and 3 days in other locations, has a major effect on people. A 'chilling effect' to use a common term. If it gets to court, and the court rules against the agency, they can pick another lever to use. The taxpayers usually pick up the tab. It is very rare it gets that far however. I can’t find where Tether is ACTUALLY regulated, but I can find a lot of misinformation about where it is regulated and how, even in their own legal pages. For instance, they claim they are regulated by FinCEN. However, they appear to only be registered with FinCEN for the purpose of reporting crimes and the like (money laundering), which does not (quite explicitly) give them the right to claim FinCEN in any way is regulated or overseeing them in the traditional sense. If someone runs across Tether (somehow?) explicitly committing money laundering in a jurisdiction that FinCEN controls, yeah they could go after them - but since they don’t have an address near as I can tell, that’s not easy to do, and all they say on the matter is they are ‘incorporated in Hong Kong’ [ https://tether.to/contact-us/ ] Also, their ‘proof of funds’ is kinda ridiculous from any sort of auditing or compliance perspective and crazy out of date [ https://tether.to/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/FSS1JUN18-Accou... ] If you have any more accurate information, please post! I think there are 4+ active class action lawsuits, or were before they were combined - https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.coindesk.com/plaintiffs-com... It has been a ebb and flow [ https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_union_busting_in_... ], but in general it’s fair to say that Unions won the battle in Europe and lost it in the United States. Lots of analysis could be done around the macro-socio-economics of the why, but in general I believe it’s because of the availability of remote, work starved populations, historically concentrated capital, and ease (from a cultural and legal perspective) of moving businesses and doing intracountry trade, have meant there was generally always a place industry could move, get what they want (including cheap labor), and sell to the same customer base or maket. Labor loses a lot of power when the company can just up and go somewhere else. This has historically been harder in Europe due to historically hard border controls and strong national identities - it will be interesting to see how this shakes out in the EU! This is obviously not absolute (or Labor would not have gotten the power it has now, which is still non trivial in the US), but it is much more the case than Europe, where Labor has been able to dictate terms for awhile, and movements related to this problem were major contributors to the world wars. One could also make arguments around shortage of labor in Europe due to deaths from the many world wars (which had only a minor impact on the US), or the world wars weakening the established sources of Capital or control in Europe more than the US, or shifts in population phenotypes due to mass migration to the Americas and susceptibility to certain types of working conditions or living styles (are children of folks who immigrate for work more like to move for jobs and take harsh living conditions as part of the deal?). Overall, it’s hard to not notice that no one seems to actually be enforcing labor laws designed to protect workers, or that Labor isn’t organizing effectively and using it’s muscle. That may be changing, but especially on the low end it seems kinda unlikely right now. That would apply if you were thinking of rehiring those same people, but not if you were to hire someone new you had no exposure to right? Otherwise, it is pretty much the textbook definition? Speaking as someone who has had similar types of burnout type reactions happen (apologies if that is not the case here, I'm reading between the lines) - you don't need to participate in this. It takes more risk, but you could do your own thing, or join a company that has different types of leadership that won't exploit you this way (or in a way that is mutually beneficial in it's exploitation, as it were). These have tradeoffs. Being resentful of it (especially in a hiring context) comes across about as well as someone who goes on a date and rants about how much their ex sucks. It isn't about the company you're interviewing with (though if you see the same things you would like to avoid, then please avoid it and feel free to tell them why respectfully! In my experience it's just pissing in the wind though.) - it's more about frustration and pent up unresolved emotional baggage. No one's perfect. Employers/employees are trying to find a match and work out a deal they can both agree with. An employer looking for 'passion' who is abusing it isn't any different than someone dating who is looking for someone to enable their alcoholism or whatever. It sucks, but you're not going to change the alcoholic by ranting at them on your first date. You will almost certainly never change the alcoholic - and in fact, not your job. Even going as far as a public shaming tirade MIGHT help, but most people are just going to wonder why you care so much and discount you, until it's an army of folks like you. It's about finding something that works for you. And that means taking care of yourself too. It’s because they’re universally terrible, and don’t help sell the product. If it’s slow uploading photos, support can sell them on upgrading to the next highest plan to ‘go faster’ - congrats your uplink speed is now 5mbs instead of 3mbs isn’t as impressive as ‘we upgraded you to 1gig!’. The only folks who know to ask and care about upload speeds already know Comcast is terrible, and are going to try to figure any way to avoid them. Yeah, why would I try to do an online backup of my data in less than a day? Or transfer high res video files somewhere? Or (gasp) host something? The current ISP setup is based on a consumer only model of the internet which benefits the big corps and stifles anyone trying to actually DO anything but consume. Mosquitos and many other aquatic based insects can be killed by a cup or so of vegetable oil on the water too Equity is one of the most complicated (and easiest to mislead buyers with) financial product out there? Are the books cooked? Who knows. What are the share classes, and how do they relate to each other? Who knows. What are the bylaws, and how is board composition determined? Who knows. All of these are huge. People get misled by far simpler products (like loans) all the time, let alone something like this. If people commit murder using tools they have available, once you have enough users, it is inevitable people will use your service or medium to commit murder. It’s true to Facebook, it’s true for taxis, it’s true for screwdrivers, it’s true for hotels, it’s true for pretty much anything. Unless something has clearly been designed to cause problems this way, it’s just blaming the tool instead of the user. Sounds like you might also be starving yourself and your family for no reason? If you have > $100k in the bank, and presumably a much larger multiple of that in investments and other assets - why not spend $1k sometimes on something that you could enjoy or that (in this case) could earn you more money? When has that happened with nuclear waste again? You don’t need to mine much land to get very large amounts of uranium - they tend to be underground mines, and produce a truly staggering amount of energy by mass mined. Tailings can be problematic - but even the largest uranium mines have had tiny tailings piles compared to even small wind farm footprints. A small boat of the size most governments are going to ignore struggle to move tons of drugs, or carry more than 1-2 people. Which is what these subs are doing. Many of these buildings are not owned by the USPS. Many of these buildings do not have adequate electrical right now. USPS has 30k buildings. Paying someone to build vehicles is much different than retrofitting buildings, each in a different jurisdiction, in many cases that you do not own, to allow plugging in a huge number of vehicles in all sorts of weather conditions - in the middle of often uncovered parking. Considering the whole point was somewhat shortsighted pain to China (in that long term this forces China to build a world class chip foundry now), it makes perfect sense. Huawei (and by extension China) is not going to be able to produce as many chips as competitively as others. The Arizona play is most certainly a concession demanded by the US gov’t. The US has a major problem with dependence on chips made elsewhere - if China started shelling Taiwan and put an embargo in place for electronics, the US would have major major issues in very short order. It isn’t JUST Chinese chips of course, but that is a pretty visible one for sure. Taiwan won’t necessarily care, but intelligence agencies of every other country undoubtably would. And putting proactive mines in a facility like that would be noticed. Any scenario where China invades Taiwan, global sanctions and embargoes are already happening. Blowing up the wests high end chip fab capacity for a minimum of 2-3 years at that point is a bonus. I’m sure they are already duplicating (or attempting to) everything in China. They’d need to stop new research and development though to not always be a few (or more) steps behind. Blowing up the fab and putting all the engineers in a prison camp would do quite well at accomplishing that, no? The current plan seems to be a takeover from within, using Chinese sponsored agents and social movements. It probably won’t let them march troops on the island for a long time - if ever - but I bet they’re getting plenty of intelligence and trade secrets from it. Sounds like it will benefit shareholders just fine? In China at least, you make sure you have the right party members on your board and all that pesky paperwork and taxes mostly disappears. Not sure about Korea. That seems wildly misleading? The rainforests that were there before certainly produce methane and other gases as things rot. Total biomass in a rainforest is generally stable - it is not really a sink over any significant timeframes. Plants take sunlight, use the energy from it to rip the oxygen off co2 releasing oxygen as a byproduct, and carbon to build themselves with. Unless rainforests have an ever increasing layer of carbon (charcoal/coal) building up under them - which they do not - they stabilize with their total carbon intake being roughly the same as carbon released through other means. In most cases this happens (rate decreasing over time, though total carbon storage quantity slowly increases until a wildfire) in less than 100 years after a complete denudation event, most of it happening much sooner than that. If you want to lock up carbon, you need to take it from the plants and sequester it somewhere natural forces (rot, weathering) won’t break it back down again - like a house, or in a cave, or in a hypoxic environment. Methane is definitely a significantly more powerful forcing gas than co2, but also breaks down in the atmosphere in a short period of time into co2. Cow fart composition changes also only have a similar local, short term effect. Short term effects can be helpful, but this only changes some parts of the (closed) cycle. You only really change the math if you change how things are getting into or out of the overall cycle, which requires long term bonding of carbon to things such as rocks, or burial. Converting atmospheric co2 (or methane) into plastic that gets buried in a landfill is net negative carbon balance for instance. Making the plastic out of oil products and then putting it in a landfill - net neutral (minus processing energy costs). Burning it for fuel? Contributes fossil carbon into the atmosphere. Why is native or not native important from a carbon balance perspective? Alfalfa still pulls carbon from the air when it grows. Pretty sure Enron shareholders were left holding the bag? Planning to do it soonish, vs ‘must do it immediately and a 100 billion dollar industry is on the line’ are pretty different looking endeavors IMO. It moves up timelines and forces reprioritization of funding and other resources on a massive scale. Still might not work though, and with this ban it makes the stakes much higher for China if it doesn’t. At this point, nearly all agricultural land was converted a century ago. The trend now is more towards decreasing total agricultural acreage if anything? No one in America has slash and burned a forest to feed cattle for a very long time. Also, many agricultural workers work in tight quarters with each other, often with no meaningful PPE (and are usually poor with little health coverage or ability to even take a day off during peak season). A relative almost died because his wife (who worked in food packaging) got it at work and infected the whole family. This was in Spain in the summer. Actual agricultural work is rarely the ‘farmer driving his tractor in a big empty field’ - contract labor has pretty harsh working conditions in many cases. Those were what, 300kiloton’s ish? So if we go to 1+ megaton we’d be good. Seems reasonable if we go up to 3-4 megatons, maybe we’d even end up with a big enough crater one of these ships could pull a three point turn next time? Was his ledger manipulated or compromised in some way before using it? Was the seed already pregenerated? Was the paper actually compromised, or some other system got the data? There are plenty of other ways. You keep saying it is impossible the paper was accessed, but that doesn’t mean it wasn’t- or the information got compromised another way. Did he print it out from a common machine? Which many people would consider hostile to workers in general and the people around your factory - which may not matter, or maybe it will. I have yet to see a gun control scheme that involves taking guns from the army or the government, which is the folks shooting people here. I’d even argue the military is able to act with such impunity because outside of the occasional smuggled gun, the worst counterforce they need to worry about is a bow and arrow or thrown rock. That doesn’t seem like the real problem being solved or highlighted? Communication is a vector here that is surfacing a fundamental competitive force and strategy between actors? Information is power. Knowing something, and that being representative of reality and providing predictive ability related to that thing provides you power in a number of ways (ability to predict and intervene or not depending on desired outcomes being a huge one). Someone presenting you plausibly correct, yet misleading information (a good lie) provides them a major advantage (short term, or long term depending on the situation). It allows them to influence your behavior and actions in a way they can likely predict and influence your ability to predict or react accurately to something. A lie detector (as compared to an objective truth detector) would tell you if you were being manipulated or mislead intentionally. Very different from a ‘do they actually know what they are talking about’ aka truth detector like you are referring to, but a very valuable tool if one existed in a competitive world like the one we exist in. People don’t talk candidly most of the time now to those lower on the hierarchy. In many Corp environments, almost no one talks candidly to anyone - too many minefields. You’d generally only talk candidly to those who were not just peers, but you already had a deep seated existing rapport with and trust. Friends? Everyone else gets the politically safe story that is supposed to be told. I’ve seen it in action, and it makes me sad because it becomes fundamentally corrosive. And if you think for some people that doesn’t include the right kind of outrage discussion or telling the right stories to the visible oppressed minority they’re mentoring so they can get the right checkbox when they hopefully get considered for SVP (or as plan B, their mentee does) - I’ve also got a bridge to sell you. Reading your description though, the only way I can imagine such a machine working would be by analyzing what is said against an objective truth - and that is what the false confidence value is measuring? If I’m confident of something that is wrong, my false confidence number would be very high - especially if I believed it, right? I like the way you think! Saving the global economy through nuclear propulsion of kiloton scale commercial shipping. It could finally get us to Mars? Since no one else seems to be seeing this issue - maybe your facts are not as airtight as you think? Not the poster, but I’ve used a similar strategy a handful of times - it’s been 50/50. Many people don’t really want a solution, they just want sympathy. Which is long term self sabotage imo, but it is what it is. Which, that breakdown and encapsulation happens faster at higher temperatures - it’s a pretty predictable chemical process. At scalding hot or higher temps, the surfactants can sometimes break down or form weird side products though. Additionally, the soap itself is binding to oils (which often frees up dirt if it was trapping in or under an oily layer, which being hydrophobic will stop water from washing the dirt off). Soap itself doesn’t do a whole lot against dirt. The reality is, no one drinking hand sanitizer out of dispensers at the hospital is going to live long enough to see any real change in cancer risk due to 2ppm benzene in the hand sanitizer though are they? It is pretty unlikely microbes are going to be building up resistance to the microbial equivalent of getting doused in gasoline and set on fire. It dissolves the lipid shell and denatures key proteins in the shell. This is not subtle. In the evolutionary influence perspective for a microbe, it also still isn’t particularly common. Triclosan and the other problematic chemicals are much more targeted and more problematic from a resistance perspective because of it. I’d really hesitate before depending on that to any extent health wise. Water is an amazing solvent, and you get huge benefit from washing things away in it after oils and similar hydrophobic substances have been de-hydrophobic’d Do you have a link to the studies? I definitely notice a huge difference in washing with soap in cold water (camping), which is hard to not leave a film, and warm water which does a pretty effective job quite quickly with the same exact soap. Psychosomatic issues, while ‘in someone’s head’ cause very real physical problems that are quite measurable. Our brain and our bodies are tied together in ways that are not convenient to think about, frankly. Just like the placebo effect causes real, very significant healing effects, even a subconscious association with a place as ‘bad’ causes real, very significant detrimental effects that are externally measurable. It is quite measurably not, oddly - https://www.health.harvard.edu/mental-health/the-power-of-th... Essentially believing you have been given something that will make you healthier, can reduce the stress responses, pain perception and other issues that may be making the problem worse. In some cases it can be enough to allow the immune system to get better traction and objectively get healthier faster than with no medicine. Pretty weird eh? Pretty sure you’re gonna die of straight up ethanol poisoning or cirrhosis of the liver before even 100ppm of benzene contamination in said 70% pure ethanol is going to do it. Just a guess, not volunteering for that study. The tricky part here is how the study is constructed. If you take a dry swab with a known bacterial culture, wash in water for x minutes at temp y, and graph it, that might make sense. It just doesn’t reflect real world situations, which almost always involve some kind of biofilm, oil/grease, dirt or similar mass in a complex interaction. Especially once lipids get involved (almost all hydrophobic), especially in combination with other types of substances like oil soaked dirt or dead skin (like what you get on a doorknob at the micro level), it just doesn’t work the same way on the same timescales with colder temps - it fundamentally can’t, chemistry doesn’t work that way. [ https://www.chemguide.co.uk/physical/basicrates/temperature.... ] If you want the same speed of reaction - aka same amount of oil converted to a not oil - with lower temps (and hence lower molecular velocities and less Brownian motion) you need more reactive chemicals and more aggressive physical action to get compound A in contact with compound B enough to have the reaction you need. It’s as true for soap as it is for anything else. And this all of course has a giant * on it, since above a certain point the energy in the system causes parts of it to disassociate or form unwanted side reactions, so there is a limit where it ‘blows apart’, ‘crashes’, or ‘can’t stick’ to extend the analogy. I can’t think of any soap that would have that problem at temps within human ‘not going to immediately get 3rd degree burns’ ranges. The challenge with a lot of these scenarios is it could be real (as in a theoretical normal person would have similar or the exact same issues), it could be psychosomatic, it could be someone pointing the finger at someone with deep pockets for a very real, but actually unrelated issue - not out of malice, but even because they believe it's true and no one has any evidence to the contrary. It can also be someone looking for a payday. Rarer, but it happens. From her story, she was already under very heavy strain before even moving in (full time program manager job which isn't something to sneeze at, and taking what sounds like a full time legal course at the same time), while moving into a new (and presumably expensive) apartment in what could be a new area. All this, presumably (based on references to '7 months' and 'September 2020 when I finally figured out what was going on', during a historic pandemic with massive, stressful shifts in work and school environments, availability of outlets/breakage in coping mechanisms, etc. Throw in perhaps an unwillingness of a landlord to release someone from a lease (as the local high end single occupancy rental market has crashed > 40% during this time), nasty nasty air pollution for months (the fires definitely impacted me and my family on top of COVID related impacts during this time - literally months of unhealthy air, orange skies, my cousins house burned down in the santa cruz mountains and many areas I've loved to visit in the past burnt down - it was terrible for mental health), everyone in the medical community confused and scrambled - almost everyone has been going nuts, in many different ways, and the stress has often been incredible. The whole south bay and peninsula is dotted with superfund sites, and she makes numerous references to public interest advocacy, so I'm sure she is aware of history the issues in the area and with legal training wouldn't lack the tools to dig. If you move to a new place (very stressful) in the middle of all this, and get worse - it's also hard to look at 'non-negotiable' things like work or school as contributing, because, well, you handled them before and you can't stop now right? If you run across something else that could be causing it, why not pursue it? Especially if they're a big corp or billionaire with deep pockets? Worst case they let you out of your overly expensive lease (now that the market collapsed) to get you off their back, best case you get a decent settlement to compensate you for the damage they caused (since you can't find anything else doing it). One of the big challenges here in the bay area is everyone is always trigger happy legally for environmental issues, and most of this stuff is almost impossible to DISPROVE. The science is really not great - we know some chemicals cause predictable things like cancers in certain situations - but there are a LOT of different chemicals, in a lot of different environments/states of weathering, in a lot of different types of exposure settings (residential with windows open a lot, residential with windows closed a lot, ground floor, top floor, near a vent, not near a vent, industrial, etc). And that isn't even counting all the different glues, adhesives, plastics, etc. in typical new construction. You can't run a good double blind study on this stuff (too many variables, ethical issues in many cases), animal models suck, chemical composition is sometimes not well documented or changed random over time, you name it. Ideally we'd all live in untouched pastoral glades far from any industry, but that just isn't how the world works. People need to live near their jobs for efficiency reasons, jobs tend to be concentrated near businesses (or have been historically), businesses often make things, making things can be a messy and polluting business. If you overlap Elon Musks behavior (or a number of quite famous musicians) with ADHD diagnosis charts, you’re going to have a fun time. Like most things, we celebrate the high functioning folks and denigrate those who aren’t. Kids are also expected to fall in line and be easy to manage, and those that aren’t get medicated. It’s a real shit show is what it is. If you compare those side effects the ACTUAL side effects of stimulants in kids and adults with ADHD (for instance, it reduces drug dependency, addiction, hyperactivity in ADHD folks while having the opposite effect on those who do not have ADHD), it’s clear this should be unethical to prescribe for anyone stimulants would be effective on. The only reason it even really comes up is the OMG stimulants are evil crowd who don’t want to even look at the reality of the situation. Do you have a citation for that assertion? I’ve got plenty to the contrary. Laws from what I’ve seen are to codify expected behavior so it isn’t arbitrary. The tone and nature of them is up to the legislator. Probably even lower indictment rates, since I’m sure a lot of paperwork get’s ‘lost’ on the more embarrassing cases. If you can spend years held before trial that’s all still cold comfort It may also be telling us that the antibody tests and our understanding of how antibodies help in protecting against severe Covid may be wildly wrong. Vaccine data indicates overall immune response is protective, and can be successfully prompted, and that is correlated with antibody levels, but there may be more going on here. You can’t have bad numbers of no one ever writes down the bad stuff I guess? Face is a big thing in eastern Asian cultures, probably plays a big part. I think we’re talking about different things? You seem to be referring to ideal or better/more effective. I was referring to what is. There is of course a gap there, and any changes to move ‘is’ to ‘better’ or ‘ideal’ requires a lot of buy in and messy negotiation from people who aren’t likely hanging out on Hackernews debating the topic. I think you may also be ascribing more weight to something vague, hangwavey, and PR focused than the reality? Additionally, the only places I see explicitly saying laws are coming from a place of moral authority are places with Sharia law (literally - sharia means ‘the clear well trodden path to water’ and it’s the codifying of traditions the population considers to work). Pretty much every law in the US that uses morals as it’s justification has been thrown out by the US Supreme Court. If ‘we all’ are not actually in agreement (always the case) on what is morally right, then what happens? Is executing a slightly underdeveloped person (80 iq) for murdering several people morally right? Is NOT executing that person morally right? You could poll the population and get a large chunk of people agreeing with both of those stances very strongly. Is asset forfeiture morally ok? What if the person is a certain color and speaks with the accent of a certain country to the south of the US? You can get a large portion of the population to disagree with the first one, and strongly agree with the second. A law is codifying a stance (writing it down in as unambiguous a way as possible) that can be passed by representatives without them all getting fired/hanged by angry constituents and enforced willingly by a large law enforcement group without getting overridden by a higher power. Part of the whole not getting fired/hanged part is making sure it can’t be enforced arbitrarily against people their constituents wouldn’t like it being enforced against, and can be against people they do. It’s a messy business with huge implications for everyone. I wasn’t guessing outcomes based on binding affinities, I was going off the data they posted in the article AND multiple large controlled studies on stimulants in ADHD populations. For instance - stimulants in ADHD populations do not cause suicidal ideation. Which is nice. This drug does for a non trivial number of folks who get it. Interestingly enough, many people can easily mistake untreated ADHD (or not adequately controlled) with cocaine and stimulant use, especially hyperactive type. Cocaine and stimulant use in people without ADHD obviously causes that issue (cocaine use), along with some other problems (euphoria, lack of empathy, megalomania, sleep problems). It’s quite striking when you see it happen with someone you know (all while wondering if they’re high on cocaine or something), then they get treated and are able to calm down and focus - and still can be hyperactive if pushed that way environmentally - but are functional, calmer, have more empathy, are able to talk and be more social, etc. All while getting large doses of Adderall or the like that would make your average non-ADHD’er impossible to be around. Designed for, but except in a very small number of cases not actually validated in the field to perform that way - and the specific antibodies may not be a useful indication of a useful immune response in the way we think it is. We do not have the actual evidence to demonstrate it. Nod, and we have a lot of practical ethical issues getting in the way (rightfully so) of figuring it out too. It is really hard to figure out realistic risks around exposures without doing field trials for instance. We could of had a much earlier vaccine rollout if we’d done double blind, intentional exposure studies (give someone the vaccine or saline, unknown to anyone, then stick them in the same room as a bunch of Covid patients with no protection) with early versions - which we could have done in March. We had 250+ candidates at the time, and about 3% were proven out, when I looked in Jan/Feb. To get somewhat useful data, you’d probably need to do that for at least a couple thousand folks (10k each arm would be my guess), so you’re looking at what, 5 million total in the study, 2.5 million exposed? Based on the best data we had at the time (assumed 3.5% fatality rate I believe?), that would have been 87k fatalities out of that group. [ https://www.who.int/bulletin/volumes/99/1/20-265892/en/ ], Currently seems like estimates are around 1-2% which would drop it to only 25-50k [ https://www.nature.com/articles/s41392-021-00527-1 ]. For many very, very good reasons that isn’t how we roll right now though, and we do have good technology for solving this either. Star Trek style ‘simulate’ mode is a looong way away in this space. Looking forward to it hopefully getting better soon though - a lot of money going into getting this figured out. Pretty much any of those actually available to most people early on? [ https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-06-16/coronavir... ] or even as of November 2020? [ https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/lab/resources/anti... ] The emergency use authorizations allowed anyone who plausibly had a test to market it, even if it had not been independently validated in any way by anyone. Many folks just bought what they could find, even if it didn’t have an emergency use authorization. Combined with porous borders, e-commerce and the internet, lack of consequences for someone in China to ship junk here? We got buried in (at best) untested junk, and often outright scams. This has resulted in a rather predictable disaster when it comes to data and awareness - very few of the tests are being cross referenced to other data sources or tested against an independently verified data source, and even fewer (if any) are being evaluated by a independent party. The vast majority of tests in April have since been removed from authorization because they don’t work, don’t work well enough, etc. You can read a very nice paper from the FDA here summarizing it. [ https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMp2033687 ] As far as I am aware, there is still no clear picture on which tests have actually been validated, by whom, and to what extent against what data set. Will they pick up variants, and if so which ones? With what accuracy? What are common field errors (collection problems, etc) that can lead to problems? What about manufacturing variance and supply chain issues? Thank you for digging that up! When I searched, I got a bunch of ads and junk from well before that study was run. Do you have any data on which tests are widely used? (As in by number of tests done?) I’m hoping it’s shifted the way you’re saying, but as of November there were more BS ones than legit ones, and it was hard to find a real validated test. None of the folks I knew getting antibody tests were able to find any of the validated ones. That validated tests are good is great if they are being used, or used widely. Because in November the ones being used widely were still junk, which was my point. If you have, per your study, 3 tests that are validated - are they used in the field for these studies? If so, objection withdrawn for current studies using them. If they are studies based on the older, unvalidated, and often junk tests - then that point still stands. Eh, that’s not how it’s written I believe? Not that it really applies here, but you can (and have to) discriminate against a protected class if it is a core part of the job requirement that excludes them and there is no reasonable workaround. For instance, if there are no accessible robotic exoskeletons around, discriminating against someone unable to lift 50 lbs because of a physical disability if the job requires someone to lift 50 lbs all day is perfectly legal. If you’re hiring someone to act as a 20 year old, you can discriminate against people because of their inability to look 20 all day long, etc. The problem is such as this case where the company seems to think that people aged the same die at the same time? Which doesn’t seem to have any plausible basis in fact or a reasonable job requirement. It would suffice to show that it isn’t true that everyone at the same age dies at the same time, if that is what you meant? Hard to disprove without stripping naked for a court witness though, which is a pretty high degree of ‘shitty’ that would be easy to cause. Especially if you used a ton of stolen bikini photos to generate the deep fake. Not a lot of skin that wouldn’t exactly match, and the parts that don’t would definitely not be for public consumption. Hardly - almost none of the video we’re talking about has that type of resolution, it’s easy to ‘paint on’ something like a mole or a birthmark, compression side effects can nuke some pixels, etc. You’d spend a lot of time and effort explaining one mole difference - and that’s if you legitimately had one. If you didn’t, what else are you going to go on? Since some of the very first discussion of the topic in public was by the president using it as a political football alongside a trade war with China and a nontrivial amount of public fear and aversion to random people that happened to look Chinese, that well is pretty solidly poisoned at this point? Have you seen a easy Asian wet market in person before? If you’re comparing it to Whole Foods I’m not sure you have? The term itself is somewhat ambiguous [ https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wet_market ] in that it can cover both cases. However the style common in many places in China (and many other areas in east Asia) is one where there is no refrigeration or adequate sanitation. To avoid spoilage, animals are brought in live and slaughtered as needed to provide meat. It can be when a customer picks it, or when needed to stock a counter. These styles of market are problematic disease wise because it brings many species of animals together in crowded and often unsanitary conditions, high stress, with humans in close contact with them, and lots of people and animals coming and going constantly. If you’re looking for a way to encourage Zoonotic disease, it’s hard to do better. It is called unskilled because there is no particular set of unusual credentials, rare talents, or uncommon training required. The entry bar is very low in that respect. It doesn’t mean, and has never meant it was easy work or anyone could survive doing it for long - rather that the necessary skills (for the majority of the population who doesn’t already have them by dint of existing) can be taught in about 5 minutes by someone not trained in teaching it to you. Ditch digging is ‘unskilled’ because anyone who can figure out a shovel can do it, and theoretically any random passerby could do it (for a time) to a competent degree. This is unlike a ‘skilled’ trade, or craft such as electrical work, surveying, etc. It’s something very few people could actually sustain for very long - I spent a week ditch digging before when I was younger - but part of why the pay is terrible and the work is hard is because any rando who needs some cash this week can do it. There is a ton of competition keeping prices low and conditions hard. Up thread there were claims of reasonable (by broken American healthcare system standard) zero cost insurance plans offered by Amazon. Was that true or false? I’m pretty sure that if labor costs in Bessemer AL == Labor costs in another location, say.... Seattle? Bessemer, AL wouldn’t have the worry about the anti union indoctrination and would have to worry about starving again. For these communities, these are well paid jobs with great benefits compared to what they would otherwise have. Definitely have seen and experienced the same thing - but hey, if we succeed in banning cash, no one can dodge taxes? It also removes a huge relief valve for large segments of the population to survive that can’t meet the bar demanded of the ‘normal’ workers. Definitely a valid point - there is a huge variety in what it looks like on the ground. Your other point re: availability, cost, etc is also right on point and part of what I was trying to cover. The variety angle is because 1) the more factors you can roll the dice on at any given moment, the more likely you can come up ‘winning’ with a magically terrible combo through mutation. That ocelot flu mutate to something that could infect bats? Groovy. No bats though, so doesn’t go anywhere. If you have bats though..... 2) Many animal viruses can be low or no impact in a species, and some can infect others to different effects. This gives a given virus more chances to roll the dice and get the ‘magic’ combo without killing itself off by killing the host. The more other species it gets exposed to; the better. 3) some species have elements more common with humans than others. If a virus gets mostly infectious in one host, adapting in another environment can get it closer to dangerous to humans. Also, if you live in an area without solid electricity or reliable refrigerated trucks - what else are you supposed to do? If you grew up in one of those areas, why bother with the more expensive option if you’re used to this (or poor and don’t have a choice). A lot of our simplification in diet now is due to the ability to choose higher grade options coupled with strict government regulations on how food sold to the public can be sourced and the conditions it can be ‘made’ in. It used to be (several generations ago now), wild hunted deer, pidgeons, squirrel, a side of pork from your neighbor, etc. were common parts of daily food intake, and you HAD to cook your food or you wouldn’t go a week without something really nasty happening to you. There are many parts of the county that still do this, though usually more out of convenience than necessity. Now you can pick from animals raised for purpose, with supply chains inspected and complying with a books worth of regulations. In many cases, you could go years without getting sick if you didn’t cook your food (don’t try this, it’s still a dumb idea). It’s easy to point fingers, but if you haven’t seen it and lived in the environment, you can’t just change it without a lot of other things happening first or very nasty side effects (starvation, nutritional issues, etc). Not disagreeing with you - if you have a mortgage and kids keeping you somewhere and a king that will abandon you and leave you to starve if you vote for Democracy - you can die on that hill if you want to, and the King probably won’t care. He’ll move next Area over, have the same or better deal, and you and your kids will starve. At that point the question is - why should you starve so someone else can be happy about Unions? These issues only get solved with society wide action. The poor sap casting their single vote here can’t afford to make this call on their own, and they’re just happy their particular king is generous enough to grace them and not more abusive. Because there are a LOT of more abusive ones , and they’ve probably seen that first hand unlike most of the posters here. That is great to see, though for instance half that video would have flagged a US health inspector. Much cleaner than what I saw in Vietnam, Malaysia, or less high end areas of Hong Kong, or friends in Beijing or Fujian were used to when they lived in China. I can’t be sure how serious to take Foxnews in this regard, since you can pick and choose a lot of course. Cities have been improving, and I don’t doubt Covid is helping. SARS seemed to help a lot in Singapore. The comparison to Whole Foods with consistent refridgeration, regular clearing, limited supplies, regular health inspections still seems unlikely anywhere outside of the major metros. There are a whole ton of asterisks on that kind of statement. Most European unions are at most national (which geographically is more equivalent to a specific US State than pan-EU). Many of them are regional, which is even scoped more like a city. Conditions for a laborer in Bulgaria, Romania, and the UK are on a completely different level. This is not that dissimilar. Every state I’m aware of has workers comp, federally everyone gets COBRA, Medicare, Medicaid, SS disability, short and long term disability- these are all things. Are they perfect? No. Pretending the systems flaws are somehow Amazon being evil vs the American medical and safety net being a morass of bureaucracy and bullshit is just wrong though. Being involved in timber management (owning non industrial timberland in California), the rules themselves (as stated) often exclude/disadvantage larger producers in many ways (including taxation). The way they help larger producers and produce a rather toxic effect in many ways is with their complexity. In theory on paper, they often help small producers with carve outs, however the the record keeping, paperwork, and compliance processes are so onerous that anyone who isn’t a professional getting paid to figure it out is going to run screaming in the other direction - even if it is literally free money (grants). Hiring help and doing mountains of paperwork is expensive. If you’re a large producer the economies of scale make it a small line item, and if it is your primary business then it’s a business expense like doing your taxes that is a full write off. If you’re some poor sap that inherited some timberland and are trying to not have it burn down or get double taxed while maintaining it? Good luck. In the middle of historic fire season, a grant from CalFire has taken me 3 years of paperwork to get approved and ground work ready to start to reduce fuel loads in high risk fire area of no other interest or complication, and with professional help. Your average person has zero chance. The more complicated the rules are, the more the only people who can comply/get approved will be big corps. Do you have any ideas on how to do that if it isn’t naively economically viable? Which is great until the country who is making all your shirts decides they don’t like you and stops selling you shirts. Unless you like being shirtless I guess? You can’t have a strategic reserve of every major good large enough to actually get through something like that realistically. Things change too quickly, and most of the really important imported goods we can’t store enough of anyway. Are we going to have a strategic CPU reserve? IPhone reserve? For voltage transient (aka surge) protection this is essential - there is nothing that can reliably give you protection except for insulation and lots of it (and space/gaps with no conductive paths is a necessary part of that) Wash sales, long term/short term gains and associated tax issues, RSU withholding which is a fixed amount and not based on the income tax withholding, and a typical broker account to sell/get money are massively more complicated than a direct deposit to your bank account and money back from the government at the end of the year unless you massively screw it up. By number, most of Amazon’s employees are working minimum wage and probably don’t have much of a balance. Many of them might get evicted if pay gets delayed even a couple weeks. As someone who grew up lower middle class to poor, with parents that struggled to put food on the table for a great many years, and who dropped out of an abysmal highschool to go full time into tech at 16 - and is now in stealth mode founding a startup - while what you are saying is OFTEN true, it is never ALWAYS true. The things I got from my parents are things many people have had - some of which; such as help buying a terrible beat up old ‘78 Dodge Van to move states to my first real job, or a relentless drive to get better, to DO better, a great many people have had. I’ve also been lucky to get into the industry when someone motivated but without credentials could get started. I’ve had zero money from them since I started working at 16, and before that it was a minimal allowance I earned through hard work with chores. I earned the $200 to buy my first computer digging holes and repairing fences. Don’t buy into the myth it’s not possible. It’s self defeating. Also, don’t buy into the myth it’s easy for anyone - even those from money. It will test you like nothing else will, and I’be done enough hard things over the year to know Without actual expenses or a plausible storefront, it’ll get flagged pretty quick and shut down - and that type of ‘hands on’ money laundering usually results in significant jail time. Not looking too hard with complex movement of funds with wires is usually more plausibly deniable. And why would the regulators allow that? This is unfortunately just not correct in real life. It’s a good representation of general behavior/trends, but for instance Smallpox was around since at least 500 BC, and still had a 35% fatality rate until it was eradicated in the 70s. The more times you roll the dice, the more often you’ll get that magic combo of lethal and highly transmissible. For the most part it doesn’t favor it, but that just makes it an outlier when it does, not impossible. All evolutionary change (and life itself) is due a combination of differences of entropy (aka an energy gradient existing), combined with randomness in the current environment allowing mutation/change and hence selection pressure. It’s been gratifying to see I’m not the only one with these issues! That said, lineage wise the limitations and issues aren’t arbitrary - iPadOS is basically a slightly upsized clone of iOS, and just like you wouldn’t be using your phone for precision data/pointing (or if you were it wouldn’t be as buy a deal, because you’d just be using a finger/thumb and not reaching across a keyboard), the original nature of iPad interactions are similar. Obviously seeing some improvements, but for instance copying 50GB of high precision photos (without potentially mangling them/importing them because it’s a dataset not a bunch of snapshots!) is a terrible experience in iPadOS - and a trivial exercise in every laptop/pc OS out there. They’ve got a long way to go, unfortunately, especially for enterprise use cases. The hardware really has potential though! Smallpox (around since about 500 BC or earlier near as we can tel), still had a 35% lethality rate until it was eradicated in the 70’s though an extensive vaccination campaign. Diseases can be severely lethal far longer than you or human memory can survive. If you ignore the reality of a situation in favor of rhetorical tricks to land a heavier impact - it still doesn’t make it actually true. Even if the heavier impact has some positives. Why do you assume people would state their full purpose, or are even aware of it? I’ve seen quite a bit of research that our reasons and justifications for an action FOLLOW the action, not the other way around. Additionally, there is the additional dimensions of grade/composition of metal, heat treating (and heat treatability), dimensional stability/accuracy, and finish (pickled? Oiled? Mill finish?). And that’s just for ferrous. Non-ferrous is even weirder in many ways. Even if we fixed it today, it's unlikely to end this supply chain disruption - it will likely make it worse, as now that companies can't avoid facing this problem they have to get more stock in order to build a buffer. Making it easier/cheaper for them to build a BIGGER buffer just means more hoarding/supply chain shocks until everyone has enough of a buffer they stop trying to hoard/buy extra. The issue is that when you become brittle supply chain wise, the only real answer is to stock more/buy more individually - which crushes the supply chain even more. Either that, or co-ordinated (gov't level often) rationing, which has it's own problems. See above re: bullying. If they know they can get away with their suppliers having to front all the cash, why not do it? If all their competitiors get away with it, they'd be fools not to as that is a lot of expense and interest they're eating and they'll need to make up for that somewhere. It seems overly naive to assume any company's actions don't have pros and cons, or aren't part of the larger society/ecosystem you're enabling by existing? You can't take an action (or exist and take no action) without a side effect, and at the scale of any significant company, it is impossible to do what someone somewhere considers to be harm to someone or something. Picking and choosing the scope, scale, and amount of the type of harm you're comfortable with certainly seems worthwhile, but pretending there is any option that is harm free seems like self deception. Even refusing to play (not living?) has side effects most would consider harmful - at least to those around you. The funny thing (having lived through that time) was that while it was very trendy to pretend that construction was not a giant disaster most of the time from a planning, delay, cost overruns, etc. perspective - it was pretty clearly not the case even then if we’d looked even a little! Like many things, the big promise was a fad, but we learned some valuable things out of all of it, and some still survive. That assumes that before you have a thing in your hand (a working program with expected input, and output), you can exactly describe how that thing should act, what it should look like, what the input and output should be (and not be) and have that be successful - and structured correctly internally the first time. In my 25ish years of experience writing code? That has happened for a non trivial task exactly zero times. If the idea is you could refactor the UML (and hence generated code) to adjust, since none of the tools are able to generate functional code (stubs and simple templates yes, but not much more than that), that means it would need to refactor a bunch of human manipulated and generated code without breaking it. Which I think is well beyond even our current capabilities. To extend the construction analogy a bit - typical architectural drawings aren’t buildable as is. They often miss key details (member composition is rarely even mentioned, same with even member sizing!). Stamped civil engineering plans will often miss anything which is outside of the core structural elements being certified (so good luck figuring out the size of the beam you’re supposed to put somewhere if it isn’t a core load bearing element). Huge portions of construction are based off decades of (inconsistent) experience, in the field improvisation, cargo culting, and gut feel. The smaller/less big Corp the job, the more true this is. You can store it in a deep freezer without losing much nutritional value, which means it’s available on a whim without having to make a trip to the store. In many places that means you have it if you have a hankering without spending 1+ hr tracking it down first (typical if you’re not in an urban center or next door to a grocery store). I usually have some fresh broccoli stocked, but sometimes I already ate it. If you have kids, or are more remote (so it’s 2 hrs round trip or more), that is huge because you just can’t make that trip many times - too many other demands on your attention. Hah! The funny part is, you think they don’t mess this up all the time, but they do! We all have experiences with buildings that are impossible to navigate, have weird maintenance issues (toilets always backing up, A/C a nightmare, rooms too small, rooms too big, not enough useful space, etc). Buildings get redrawn constantly during construction, and they rarely match the plans. Cost overruns are endemic, as are scheduling issues. They’re also using literally thousands of years of deeply ingrained cultural rules and expectations focusing on making living in and building structures effective (it’s one of the core tenets of civilization afterall), supported by an army of inspectors, design specialists, contractors (themselves leveraging thousands of years of passed down and deeply baked in expertise in everything from bricklaying, to concrete work, to framing). All that for what, functionally, is a box we put things in, including ourselves, that we prefer provides some basic services to a decent standard and isn’t too ugly. Also, the construction industry is a huge mess, and anyone telling you that things don’t go over budget, get torn out because someone messed up a unit conversion somewhere, burn down during construction because someone didn’t follow some basic rules, or turn out to be nearly uninhabitable once complete because of something that should have been obvious at the beginning - is just ignorant. These happen on a not infrequent basis. The big difference is no one really tries new things that often in construction, because for the most part people have enough difficulty just making the normal run of the mill stuff work - and people who have the energy to try often end up in jail or bankrupt. In Software, we’re so young we end up doing mostly new things all the time. Our problems are simple enough and bend to logic enough too, that we usually get away with it. If you’ve ever poured a footing for a building, then had the slump test fail on the concrete afterwards you’ll sorely be wishing for a mere refactoring of a JavaScript spaghetti codebase under a deadline. Addressing the real needs of people is hard, and gets in the way of being famous and changing the world - a mindset I’ve seen more than a few times in designers. All of them pretty senior? So I guess it was working for them? Nod, we don’t have to deal with the pesky issues of moving actual physical objects to be in specific contact in certain ways with other physical objects. Once we figure out a design that compiles (in commercial construction, that would be a plan that passes validation/sign off), we’re ‘done’ except for the pesky bug fixing, iteration, follow up, etc. Writing code is very close to what 90% of the drafting work is for construction (aka some relatively junior person figuring out exactly how many bricks would fit in this space, and how thick it would need to be, to meet the requirements his senior person told him he had to meet - and trying a couple other options when that is obviously BS that doesn’t work the first few times, and then everyone refactoring things when it turns out the first idea causes too many issues and the architect’s grand plan for a 50 ft open span in an area is impossible with current materials). In my experience, the benefits do outweigh the harm in pretty much all cases where it lives awhile - if you pick the right group of people to care about, and the right things or people to be ok harming. We all do it, directly or indirectly. It’s necessary to survive. It’s common for instance to not worry too much about the earthworms dying on the sidewalk after the sprinklers run. Most people would consider someone pretty weird if they didn’t drive because of the body count of insects on their windshield. For example - everyone who drives is implicitly or explicitly saying the benefit to them outweighs the harm to those insects. Everything has a trade off. Most life survives by eating other life (yes even Vegans), and even pure photosynthetic algae has to kill or crowd out (and starve) competitors and things that would kill and eat it, or they would no longer be alive. It’s easy to be isolated from this reality, especially with modern life meaning we don’t need to gather, raise and/or kill our own food. Nature is not (just) a national park with carefully curated trails and animals to snap pictures of when they grace us with their presence. It’s wild fight for survival and dominance - full of growth, birth, gore, beauty, and death. Recognizing that someone’s trade off to make another country less strong (a ‘other’) in exchange for making themselves richer or their country more capable of doing the same in the future is important (one example) - say a defense contractor making a new weapon. It is a specific mindset and trade off that we might not agree with it even find repugnant, but it is keyed off important survival needs and a fundamental part of the world and nature we are foolish to ignore. What do you consider ok to harm, to get the benefits for the people or things you care about? At some point it might be worth making it concrete, it can be illuminating. Nature is the only known example we have of a sustained environment, no? Everything else is artificially constructed, and no social or artificial environment I know of has lasted in any meaningfully sustained and stable way for more than a few generations. My point is that you are constructing your own arbitrary system relying on projections of the results of actions far into the future, and impacts that are purely hypothetical at this point - they might be true/accurate, or they might not. Someone is staking their own success or happiness based on if they think it’s true or not, and I can point you to many examples in the recent past where that was a severe evolutionary negative for many people. Prisoners dilemma is a thought experiment/theoretical problem because in the real world, what people value, their own understanding of and perceived trustworthiness of others, and their own dispositions and habits means it might as well be talking about spherical cows. If we get into a shooting war with China next year for instance, global warming is going to be pretty low on the problematic outcomes one could face. If a pile of coal (or billion barrels of oil) is what it takes for the US (or China, or any other nation) to survive, they will burn it without a moments hesitation. We can all hand wring about if that hurts the global balance, and how it’s terrible, and game theory and all that - but if it’s a fight for dominance, survival, and resources it won’t matter. So far we’ve found enough common ground/everyone is getting rich enough helping each other out it hasn’t come to that. We can hope it never will. Pretending that folks who are building tools, or capabilities, or working in the areas that would be necessary to survive if something like that happened seems willfully ignorant of the reality we’re in or incredibly naive, IMO. Some folks make short sighted choices, lose a ton of money, screw people over (intentionally or not), etc. In my experience it’s usually due to environmental factors (regulation, market, competitive forces) strongly incentivizing it, or just plain not being able to predict the future. That chaos and dumbness is not only inevitable, it happens everywhere. It’s fundamental to the human experience. It’s easy to be high and mighty, much harder to do it differently - and survive. Most of those markets don’t carry frozen broccoli though? And what is to stop or check that ruthless agency when it is corrupted? It is a fundamental attribute of power that it corrupts, and any agency with the power to decide what is corrupt and enforce against other agencies /government bodies their idea of corruption - is pretty much all powerful no? I did some digging (not the parent poster) - here seems to be a decently thorough meta analysis of IFR and CFR from the swine flu outbreak. It appears to be clearly and dramatically less lethal to all age ranges than COVID [ https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3809029/#!po=0.... ], with the highest risk group (>64 yrs old), having a roughly 1% chance of death per symptomatic case, and children (lowest risk) roughly three orders of magnitude less risk (1 per 100,000 symptomatic cases vs 1 in 100 for elderly). Here is a more direct link to the graph [ https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3809029/figure/... ]. Covid is too new, and we’re too unclear on how widely it is spread to have solid CFR or IFR data at this point. NYC did a decent study post outbreak early last year however using antibody tests that is probably not complete junk. You can read one of the many studies here [ https://www.thelancet.com/journals/laninf/article/PIIS1473-3... ]. The pertinent quote is probably - “ City. Our estimated infection-fatality risk for the two oldest age groups (65–74 and ≥75 years) was much higher than the younger age groups, with a cumulative estimated infection-fatality risk of 0·116% (0·0729–0·148) for those aged 25–44 years and 0·939% (0·729–1·19) for those aged 45–64 years versus 4·87% (3·37–6·89) for those aged 65–74 years and 14·2% (10·2–18·1) for those aged 75 years and older. In particular, weekly infection-fatality risk was estimated to be as high as 6·72% (5·52–8·01) for those aged 65–74 years and 19·1% (14·7–21·9) for those aged 75 years and older.” Giving up the fight yields the better outcome only when the other party doesn’t come over and eat you or kill you no? It isn’t about dominance over all - it’s about survival and the complex intertwining of all the various strategies (good, bad, failing) being tried simultaneously with the hope that theirs wins. Sometimes it’s domination. Sometimes it’s teamwork. Sometimes it’s passivity. As any individual player, you have to pick one - and sometimes it wins, sometimes it loses. Most strategies exist not because they are always ideal, but because having the selection is essential and necessary to long term survival in a fundamentally unpredictable environment. A species that only does one strategy at once is going to go extinct when the environment changes suddenly. I’m definitely not equating all actions as equal, or saying everything has equal cost. I’m noting that nothing, including no action, has no cost, and that assuming a player in the game (you or someone else) will definitely lose or definitely win for a given survival criteria has a very low degree of predictive accuracy in the real world. It’s a tsunami of freight - 1.5x March this year over 2 years sounds decently typical considering normal growth. The issue is that April/May/June it wouldn’t be odd considering the circumstances if it was 5x or 10x - if there was enough containers, or enough ships, and there isn’t. As TFA was pointing out, it isn’t even about rising prices to get a spot. Sometimes you can’t get a slot period. Remember all those supply chain shocks and people talking about needing to restock to get things working in chips, manufacturing, etc? Right now there is 100 containers of socks stuck on a ship and in the way. At least, that is what I got from the article. Even worse, you’ll have blown however many million $ it took to ramp up production. I don’t think so? It was 1% CFR for the absolute highest risk group in swine flu. Population wide, across all risk groups (including very low risk), it appears IFR (a typically lower end number anyway) for COVID is .9-1.5%. Which is anywhere from 50-100x higher in real crude fatalities, if I’m squinting correctly. I also have predicted 25 of the last 3 economic panics, hah. We’ll see - maybe this kicks off an inflationary spiral? Only time will tell. BeachBody talk can however goes towards the other third rail in a business/corporate environment - sex. Politics, religion, and sex are always going to be a problem in a company, as they distract from the core mission, divide people along lines that aren’t helpful in accomplishing the core mission, and add large potential liabilities everywhere. Then you’ve been in some decently professional places! I definitely have, and have had people try to start conversations on the topic many times at one of the FAANGS when I worked there, and other places too. They could - but up until recently no one cared enough, both for R&D spend and to get or mandate enough shots for it to work at it’s stated goals. We’ve had people even recently refusing to give their kids polio, tetanus, or measles vaccines - and even 5 minutes of honest research or questions to a doctor will make quite clear how bad an idea THAT is. Getting 100+ flu vaccines, all which would have to go through a pipeline taking nearly a decade, when ‘nothing bad has happened’ on that topic for a hundred years? Ain’t nobody going to pay for that. We’ll see how the calculus is different soon. I for one would rather my tax dollars go towards figuring something like never having the flu again than blowing up some random middle eastern country a couple more times. It’s been tried and done before via chemical and biological methods (if you don’t want to sleep for awhile, check out what has been declassified on THOSE topics and realize that is what they were OK releasing to the public!). The problem of course is that in deploying it, you’ll inevitably kill a bunch of your own - no population is so consistent you won’t kill a bunch of senior leaders who had parents 3 generations ago who were transracial or whatever and lied about it - and it will inevitably turn everyone in the world against you. Even states like NK or Iran need friends, and those friends would have enough casualties from anything like this there is no scenario I can imagine anyone would intentionally release something like that. Doesn’t mean a mad scientist type would cook it up accidentally in the garage, but there are always real world constraints stopping wide spread (physics sometimes, often effectiveness limits or the like). There are many possible ways to quantify importance? And many many stakeholders with often conflicting ideas, demands, and influence. If someone is spending money on something, they are voting that it is important FOR THEM - and more important than whatever else they would have done with the money. If politicians/government aren’t spending money on something - despite saying it’s important - that is a very clear signal that their words and their actions do not align. We have words for that too. If they don’t even bother saying words about it, then that is a clear signal not enough pressure is being applied to make it even a pretend priority no? Not sure it would pay for itself even in 100 years if you use that metric. $20 (likely current retail cost of a flu shot) x the 46 million older adults in the US is a hair less than a billion a year. Making 131 or so effective flu vaccines and getting them through the process with the prior known and effective process? (including all the failed attempts) Hopefully we’d get some economies of scale, estimates [ https://www.passporthealthusa.com/2018/02/how-much-does-it-c... ] I found had it between 500m to 2.5billion and a decade each. So 65billion to 327billion. So between 65 to 327 years for positive ROI if that was your metric. If you’re talking public good, it would be immeasurable for us and the world though, no question, and on the high end that’s less than a third [ https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-473918... ] of what we’ve spent in Afghanistan alone. Huh? I guess that depends on your definition of western I guess, since Japan certainly had no issues genociding, testing chemical and biological weapons, and all that other stuff on a wide swath of Eastern Asia? Russia isn’t generally considered by anyone I’ve run across as a ‘Western’ country either, and they had (still may have) a massive program. Near as I can tell, every industrialized power has gone through the phase. The comment about nukes is weird, since I believe the US is the only power to ever nuke someone in anger - and near as I can tell, plausibly used it as little as possible and in self defense (though we could talk ourselves blue in the face on that point). Nothing would have stopped the US from carpet nuking Japan for instance at the time, except some minor logistical hiccups. My comment about Iran and NK is specifically because they’re consistently isolated by (and start fights/ideologically align themselves opposite) the bulk of countries. They’ve been, and continue to encourage being ‘others’. I pointed out, they still have no incentive to wipe any groups out/start targeted plagues, wouldn’t start something like this, so why would anyone else? That would be ideal - we also have no evidence that is possible at all, or desirable with immune system behavior/interactions. We'd need try to find out, which I personally think would be way better for everyone involved than many other things we spend money on. So take that as my vote for trying? It is power applied, and power rarely bows to ethical concerns. We’re going to see more of it too as the implications of new technology seeps into the various power structures. It takes decades, but you’re seeing it happen. Hmm. And how much square footage do you estimate that would cover? How would you run electrical lines by and through the constantly moving (expansion/contraction, as well as vehicle weight) heavy steel elements? How would you deal with the constant maintenance that must be done on everything from light rail to heavy cargo lines? How would you make sure all your panels weren’t destroyed in one pass by a drug connector? Roads are at least as bad, and near as I can tell, there is literally no road surface (from hardened steel to concrete to glass to asphalt!) that won’t get potholes and other damage decently quickly. And they don’t have any sensitive electrical connections or need clear sunlight to do anything useful. He’s already left - you’re going to be waiting a long time. He’s out of the crosshairs, and there is someone else running the show - they may end up reporting to him, but similar to Bill Gates and ballmer; spotlight isn’t on him anymore and he’s not making the day to day calls anymore. None of your numbers line up. You’re using US track numbers, but essentially zero US track is electrified. The little bit that is electrified is often underground and all of it is high voltage and won’t work with solar like that. Next to said tracks though are millions of acres of land that wouldn’t have all the maintenance issues and would actually work? It’s a similar issue with solar roadways - it’s a really impractical place to put solar; not even close to worth it maintenance wise or efficiency - and you pretty much always have better options literally 10 ft away. That’s literally not how any of that works at all. I'm sure you're right and it is being added to a portfolio somewhere - it's also a valid point that for a state level actor, there are some inexpensive and effective ways to cause mass chaos that they've already got. For instance. the Aquaducts that feed water to the city of LA go through some deserts north of there that are remote - and the giant pipes are exposed. There are no guards, nothing. For a state level actor, a small explosive charge on one of those is probably trivial to do and would lock up LA in fear and panic for a long time - and essentially untraceable. Every major metropolis has some equivalent to this (contamination in a specific water supply, or damage to a specific bridge). Being able to do similar things to vehicles of different types is also interesting, but the space is rapidly changing, and exploits would lose 'potency' rapidly compared to that small block of C4 and knowing someone who would place it for you. So more an R&D type interest than a practical operational capability one. It's also easy for us to look at the trajectory, know the tech, and say 'this will change the world and we need to be prepared' - but most militaries and intelligence agencies tend to focus on what they already have experience with, or what happened last time. The old quote 'Generals always fight the last war' is very applicable. Part of the reason why is because until it has happened, you don't have any real data - just endless speculative paths, all of which are too divergent from each other to prepare for all at once, and too theoretical to justify funding because the projected costs of it happening are too divergent. You saw it with COVID - we suspected something like this would happen soonish, we'd even had some scares recently like H1N1/swine flu - but even if you'd asked the most prepper types of us if they'd be willing to spend 100 billion to stop what happened - they'd go 'yeah right, that's not going to happen', or 'that would be a waste of money' Now, I'm sure you'd get 75% or more of the popular vote on such a measure nation wide and everyone would consider it dirt cheap. Even if the odds of a repeat surprise event are quite low now. 100% agreed on all points. The cyberwar (hate the term, but it’s what’s used) equivalent of chemical warfare or a nuke is going to be..... incredibly nasty. For sure - what I was referring to is a state level actor can (and almost certainly does) afford to have thousands of those 'couple guys' already identified and in an action plan somewhere in their top secret list of dirty tricks, against pretty much anyone they think likely (or even not likely) to want that kind of ability against some day. Someone COULD go to the store, grab a hammer, and smash my computer. It's a different type of situation however when someone has figured out what model of hammer they would want, from which store (and if it is in stock or not), how they would pay for it, and who they would call to do all these things in a way that I couldn't figure out who ordered or paid for it, to smash my particular workstation at my home on a specific desk tomorrow at 6am - if they wanted to. It's important to keep in mind capabilities, inclinations, and consequences - when that person with that plan is playing against me in competitive gaming the next day, I need that workstation to win, and I just bet them $10k I could beat them in front of all of my friends. Thankfully most of us don't have to deal with this in our daily lives, but we can still be collateral damage when someone else is playing these kinds of games. And nation states do on the regular. Your average American moves every 5 years [ https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.mymovingreviews.com/move/ho... ] with most Americans moving 11 times over their lives [ https://www.census.gov/topics/population/migration/guidance/... ]. The people who built the house aren’t going to care if the house lasts 40 years or 300. They will care if it costs 5x more to build/live in/buy/rent. If you share walls with neighbors? Sometimes though modern buildings no. Gaps and other engineered voids cut that out. I had more issues in Singapore with concrete construction and noise than with a modern townhome and shared walls. Hardly - rather that we normalize to whatever is going on in our environment, perceiving risk, danger, ok or not ok, etc. in a relative sense not an absolute one (minus adaptation time). There is decently solid evidence too that where someone lands on the distribution for a given environment is mostly set at an early age, often with a strong genetic component. It’s pointing out that while objectively different, subjectively it’s often the same emotional weight - as counter intuitive as it may be - especially for those that don’t have prior experience or calibration in the objectively more serious environment. In my experience (as someone who grew up with extensive food insecurity, parents who barely kept the family afloat, etc.), it’s hard NOT to have the bar shift too if you end up in a cushier place later. The promo can feel as bad as it used to feel not knowing where food was coming from, even if objectively that is ridiculous. We’re very adaptable even if sometimes weirdly so. I wouldn’t take the economical argument too seriously on this front. One factor that is a big issue in Europe is energy efficiency, and recent/updated electrical. With so much of the stock being ancient, and societal trends towards keeping older structures (and large investments in very durable structures being more of a norm), they have huge issues with a large stock of very inefficient and difficult to upgrade or fix structures. It is entirely possible to make energy efficient and modern buildings in Europe of course - it just doesn’t happen as much (because there is so much existing stock), and it is REALLY expensive compared to the US. Even Munich which got bombed to smithereens and rebuilt not that long ago (so less a problem than most), it’s not common to have well insulated walls or what American’s would consider modern electrical. Lots of retrofit work, surface mounted outlets and conduit, etc. What most Americans would consider a normal remodel (adding a bathroom, changing the layout of some rooms though modifications to non-exterior walls, whatever) are essentially impossible or crazy expensive in many of these buildings too because of the concrete masonry construction. Wood frame construction is cheap and easy to reconfigure, drywall and wood frame is easy to rip off and upgrade what is underneath, then replace, and all of these are easy to stuff with insulation. They’re also remarkably strong, durable, and flexible. They do have flammability and pest issues, but those have good solutions in modern structures. They all do use a lot of wood; which is a bit of an issue now. Worst possible conditions usually involve seawater, acidic conditions, and/or moisture. Even without those factors it’s rare for reinforced concrete to last more than 50 years. The more protection from the elements, the better of course. Most concrete structures with long design lifetimes made of concrete (some dams, levees, bridges - but not all by any stretch) will use design techniques to minimize or remove the use of rebar, such as compression only designs , or ‘overbuilding’ so expected corrosion still leaves the structure strong enough over it’s design life. Generally, concrete is a strongly base compound and protects rebar from corrosion. Over time however it can be influenced by the environment, with those base compounds reacting and leaving a less protective environment. Some environments do it faster than others. If the covering concrete is strong enough/thick enough, the pressure caused by the rebar turning to rust inside the concrete won’t crack it - if the rebar was structurally important (pretty much always or why use it?) it still weakens the structure though, sometimes dangerously. Attempts to mitigate the risk where weatherproofing is not an option and rebar is essential for structural reasons like concrete roadways and bridges have had their share of disasters. epoxy coated rebar for instance can lead to unpredictable and sometimes rapid failures in exactly the types of environments it was expected to help in [ https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/publications/publicroads/99novdec/r... ] https://partridge.com.au/concrete-cancer-what-is-it-and-what... Some other failure modes include the Alkali-Silica reaction (sometimes confusingly named concrete cancer too, though fundamentally different) [ https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alkali–silica_reaction ] The more dependent a design is on an element that can corrode, and the tighter it’s design tolerances, the more fragile it is. The more overbuilt it is, and more conservative the design, the more expensive it is. Taking a low margin design and then not maintaining it is a recipe for this kind of disaster [ https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.independent.co.uk/news/worl... ] and lots of dead people. It is definitely a useful survival trait, and it certainly helps with the progress of the species. Man does it suck sometimes though if you’re on the ‘push even if it hurts’ part of the spectrum! Something that has helped me over time is the awareness that the stories we tell (both ourselves and others) are almost always post-facto attempts to rationalize what we fundamentally do not understand or control (our own thoughts and reactions, and those of others). This is often for safety - both the illusion of control for ourselves, and to spin a safe and beneficial story for others to magnify the good or hide the bad of what happened. It gets even more interesting when the possibility of influencing others (or yourself!) to your benefit comes into play. Also a necessary and useful survival trait! There are a great many things it is helpful to believe that may be plainly contradicted by evidence. If you cut away the noise produced by this process, ignore what people say, and look at action/reaction and reverse engineer it a bit - it almost always produces a far more reliable and predictable model for understanding people and the world overall. Either way it takes a lot of experience and data points to have any accuracy, so it’s going to be confusing as hell for a long time. Especially if you haven’t figured out that almost everything anyone says (especially yourself!) is fundamentally self serving and post-facto - not due to malice even (though that happens), but because that’s the way it has to work! As a species, we need a pretty wide distribution of experience and approaches or we’re essentially a monoculture waiting for the right set of circumstances to catch us unprepared and fail completely. As terrible as folks are who would laugh at someone getting sucked into an industrial grinder, they’d be untroubled by anxiety or worry and associated mental issues in a Mad Max type post apocalyptic wasteland and hence more able to survive. At least that’s what I tell myself to help sleep at night. It usually does! One thing to consider - during those years you were moving, you also reinforced the market position of not caring too much about long term durability for a large number of properties/landlords/sellers, and your current place you’ve only influenced in the other direction for one property/landlord/seller, correct? A dollar sitting under the mattress for 20 years affects GDP/the economy a lot less than the dollar that gets spent all the time. It isn’t as simple of course as ‘who cares, I’ll be out of here in a few years’ - though a surprisingly percent of the time I’ve literally heard people say that and use it as justification for writing off obvious maintenance issues or buying a place that clearly has problems. Not producing clear consequences for this behavior will only embolden even more. If there is penalty for clearly corrupting a democratic process, more people will go from ‘doing nothing’ to ‘doing something subtle’ and the people who were previously being ‘subtle’ won’t bother. That is definitely not the argument - everyone pays for peering regardless (one way or another). The argument was that Comcast, despite peering agreements, should not make Netflix traffic on their own network slower while prioritizing their own video services traffic on top of it unless Netflix or their customers paid them for the privilege of not being slow - regardless of actual bandwidth. Net neutrality would say no - they are a defacto utility and need to treat the traffic objectively and fairly without prioritizing their own at the expense of others. Reprioritizing say ALL video traffic? Perfectly fine. Peering arrangements at the network link layer that would benefit some players due to locality and not others? Perfectly fine as long as they don’t do it explicitly to penalize a competitor (and even then probably fine). Targeting certain services or protocols because they are a threat to their own products? Or asking for upsell money to get useful speeds for certain protocols not due to network management/bandwidth and handled objectively, but for revenue extraction? Not fine. Would you like USPS or UPS to be able to charge you extra (the package recipient) to ACTUALLY deliver Amazon’s packages at the rate Amazon paid those companies already to deliver them, since they know you’re buying expensive things a lot and obviously have money? The extra load on their trucks from these packages is awfully expensive after all. Surely once a week deliveries will be fine for now unless you want to kick in? Don’t worry, the spam mailers will still be free. Correct - it’s blatant double dipping combined with anticompetitive practices against competitors of their own related services. You do know that most of the founding fathers were far from religious people (especially Christian religious), and the whole church and state separation thing was there from the beginning because about the only religious thing anyone could agree on was generally A god (and depending on the founding father that was controversial) - not the specific flavor/interpretation of the god? Unlike some European states, the United States has never been particularly Christian in any solidly identifiable way - more a hand wavey ‘as long as we don’t talk about which sect or really think about it too much’ way. Quakers? check. Protestants? Check check. Catholics? Check check. Unitarians? Check evangelicals? Check. Gnostics? Check. Sunnis? Check. Jews? Check. Baptists? Check. Mormons? Check. And a whole lot more. All with different interpretations of the Christian god (or not Christian, as in the Jewish diaspora). The Spanish who settled colonies in Florida and California, the French in Louisiana, the English, Polish, and German settlers in Jamestown would all struggle to agree on a common set of definitions or rituals except there was a bible in there somewhere. I was led in prayer at public schools, and private - doesn’t mean I or most of the other students were religious, though some were. And that is a very recent thing. Most regions didn’t have public school bible reading then. You seem to be making a statement that the US has some strong theocratic religious foundation, when it’s more of a ‘we’ve got too many competing groups that can’t get along with each other - we’ll just kinda stay out of it where we can’. Hence the hand waves part. Which is good, we’ve never had the religious wars where a specific group had to fight against another, which is how you end up with the state religions like in Europe (anglicans vs Catholics vs Protestants for instance). The groups you’re pointing to were often refugees from those fights and came in as waves during the various periods of repression as tides turned, or different regions fell to famine. For one, existing transaction infrastructures suck terribly with massive legacy tech debt that seems to make it impossible to do even simple things like use chip cards sanely? You’re having a rather odd take on these words! I never said they were hand waving away God. I said they were hand waving all the important details of what religion they were referring to, and about the only thing anyone seemed to agree on is a God somewhere (Usually) and we won’t get into most of the details. Many prominent founding fathers were atheist or agnostic, but that wasn’t the majority. The American approach is a ‘if we don’t look too hard, it’ll be ok’, since otherwise you end up with the literal large scale religious wars that pushed many of these groups here in the first place from Europe. Or society wide pogroms like Anglicans/Protestants/Catholics have done to each other constantly elsewhere. And if you think Catholics/Protestants/Mormons/Baptists, etc are hanging out in the same church at any scale, we must hang out with very, very different crowds. They are not all deriving calculus from the same book - or all even agreeing that calculus exists. A closer analogy would be a bunch of high school English teachers arguing that math exists, and one knows algebra one, another knows calculus, another knows trig, and another is doing arithmetic in base 16 while everyone else is using base 10. And they all think the other is wrong, but not completely so. But there is no actual math teacher in sight. It does not, but it certainly helps no? For sure, but isn’t it always more fun to make something new then fix tech debt? (I wish this probably isn’t what is going on, but realistically it is undoubtedly playing a part) Not the poster, but happy to answer since I have a decent amount of experience in similar areas. Their point is that while in theory you could blind yourself to the holdout set - that rarely REALLY happens. At least in a truly good way. Almost everyone is going to either peek at the data, massage the data, or try the validation and when it fails tweak the model and try again, or any number of shenanigans that no one admits happen - but happen all the time. The failure mode that a prospective test would guard against in this case is - you can't peek or massage the future (and if you can, you can retire a billionaire pretty easy and stop worrying about this) - so you can't accidentally fool yourself or others by peeking, massaging, etc. And if you tweak your model, then do another prospective test - then you still can't peek at the future, and you'll have a different set of data, so you can't be overfitting to the old data/p-hacking. You can do it over and over again, and as long as you don't just say 'all good' on a failed test without doing another different prospective test, you either have a predictive model or you clearly do not. That is something the traditional validation models cannot do, since they aren't looking for truly never before seen data. It still doesn't tell you if once in production you will stop fitting and fail over, but it does at least tell you that it fit a never been seen, new set of data at least once. Which is better than the other tests can do by their very nature. Those devices don’t work like a nuclear bomb control does - that is adding resistance/controls to taking an action. The appropriate analogy is more like a nuclear reactor. They require some system controls to stay functional and healthy (water temp increases in loop x, increase motor speed of pump y, if already at or exceeding speed z, set off an alarm). These controls need constant monitoring in a control station somewhere, sometimes tuning or fixing if there is a bug or issue somewhere, etc. A lot of the cost of a nuclear plant is trying to cover every possible scenario and being compliant with endless regulations for stuff like this (and everything else). That most non-nuclear plants don’t want to deal with the hassle and expense shouldn’t surprise anyone. That non-nuclear plants often don’t even TRY to cover basic cases SHOULD dismay and surprise people. These issues have been well known and publicized for literally 30 years. A reason safety guys in these industries have the saying ‘regulations are written in blood’ is often not because no one sees the danger. Rather, until the body count reaches a certain point, no one can justify the expense to require it be fixed. Harder to be dealing with operators violently when they’re safe at a desk in territory you don’t control though. Next up - targeted assassinations of computer dudes? That entirely depends on the store. HomeDepot or Lowes? Often times if you are even aware the topic exists you’ll be a step ahead of 75-80% of the staff. If you go to a proper plumbing or electrical supply place, they can often point out that the video you’re watching isn’t doing work compliant to the local electrical code and you need to do extra step Y or you’ll fail inspection, or that the whole operation is not going to work because the length of your run is too long for the size of pipe/gauge of wire you’re using (which the video never even talks about), and you need to upsize or use a different technique. Local shops without expertise are definitely not going to do well. Someone with experience and expertise who sells what you need and actually has it in stock? Super Super valuable. In my experience - half the time you’re right. Half the time the local shop product literally will not work, or if it works is incredibly outdated (so very expensive for performance) or so crappy it will be overtaxed during use and break in weeks or days. And I’m in a major metro area. When I lived in the sticks? It was more 25% solid, 75% crap. No offense, but you seriously need someone with some business and sales expertise to help you. While that may be your workflow, that is almost never what any customer cares about or makes decisions based on. What they care about is how you are going to help THEM, by how much, and at what cost. The actual workflow is rarely even secondary, it usually the last step/usage thing post-buy decision for the vast majority of people. In my experience, if i’m 10 mins away from a store, my end to end time is at least an hour if you don’t already know where the items is and if it is in stock. Then it’s 30-45 minutes. Driving, parking, walking into the store, check out, walking out, driving takes a surprising amount of time if you actually count it. If I call, it’s often 5 to 10 minutes for the call to determine stock availability (often the clerk needs to go wander around to find it, or go to the far back of their lot to see how much they have). That’s assuming anyone knows what I’m talking about/I can adequately describe what I’m looking for without them getting confused, which isn’t always the case. This adds up. For some things it’s worth it, or even essential. For other things, it is not. I’ve given up on in-person for computer/networking/IT equipment for instance. Too difficult to get a clear answer, local markups and stocking are too unpredictable, it’s so much faster doing a search and purchasing online. Not if he could be making half a billion if he could articulate what he does? The thread and feedback/discussion is clearly helping, as he’s getting a lot clearer on what he actually does and what the value is. But my point stands. With someone who has business and sales sense, he could be doing dramatically better. I wasn’t able to find a way to your customer experience/UI workflow the first time I read the article (which is odd - you have some words that seemed to clearly be intended to be links to it, but they were dead to me). Second time, I just went to your footer to your holding company, and was able to figure out the actual product from the list there. I didn’t download it though. I also figured out that some of your links ARE live, just not the ones I expected, and will take me to the app. Despite being interested at the beginning, I lost momentum and stopped. You clearly have a viable product, and have already started doing some solid sales despite having no sales (or marketing) expertise - which is great, and you’re in an awesome place! The next challenges are finding and scaling more ways to reach customers, conveying the value you can provide them in a way they can understand at scale, and converting those ‘take my money!’ potential folks into actual orders. Then executing on them at scale, of course. The sales and the execution side are separate sets of expertise. Managing people from those backgrounds to get what you want is also a challenge for most execution/technical founders. Most folks with your background and having done what you have, will be quite comfortable with the execution side and people who also like it. If you think of it as a computing system, you’ve got a great 32 core machine with an awesome GPU and 32GB of memory. You’re bottlenecking on the 80’s era Amiga tape drive you somehow managed to boot off of. If you get yourself even a halfway decent 20GB drive from a decade+ ago, you’ll be doing leaps and bounds more business. If you find a modern SSD, even more. There are a number of books out there for how to do sales as a technical founder, I can try to dig one up if you’re interested. Besides it maybe not being Apple’s fault (except for not telling anyone) - it is maybe Apple’s fault because they explicitly state they are reviewing apps, and did not catch this issue. So they obviously have a huge blind spot and their customers were impacted because of it. Considering the scope and scale of the App Store and the massive revenues from it, it is also pretty hard to believe some better scanning or analysis software wouldn’t have caught this pre-emptively? Since I remember the ‘Apple was not doing true binary level review’ coming up when I talked to an iOS developer literally a decade ago about the App Store (back in Android 1.1 SDK days) - he even mentioned this type of attack as a possibility - and they obviously haven’t changed that, there are probably a ton more like this out there that have slipped under the radar due to smaller scope, or less clear impact. Pretty sure CPUC is ALSO an extremely biased source? Besides the regulatory capture issues, they are the ones being told to oversee implementation. They have every interest in giving a 'all clear, it will be fine' while they squeeze everyone else. They have a long history of doing so here in California. One thing is for sure - ACTUAL energy pricing (here in PG&E land) that I see on my bill is much higher than what CPUC or PG&E actually advertise is the rate here, mostly because of energy usage penalties. We are not that unusual in our usage, and frankly using way less energy than a typical american household. Apparently, they found one of those 'cooks every meal on a single service rice cooker, actually turns off every light when they're not using it, and wears sweaters all year round inside' as the norm/baseline and then charging everyone else massive penalties if they don't conform, while pretending energy is cheap. It's death by a thousand cuts/frog boiling most likely. If they knew what other states were paying, they might complain. As-is, everyone is paying too much, and it's increasing gradually. Compared to Rents in California over the last 10 years though - still increasing slowly I guess? Then why does basically every other application, including Apple provided ones, work correctly? Not doing that results in closing everything you can see easily in the GUI but it’s still burning RAM and being obnoxious where you can’t easily see it. If I wanted that to happen, I’d tell it to do that. Wanted to double check myself and make sure I wasn't just imaging it. I am not. According to the US Energy Information Administration, the average American Household uses 10600 kWh/Yr or 877 kWh/month (I'm just going to use kWh here for simplicity). It varies by state, with Louisiana at 14747 kWh/yr and Hawaii at 6296 kWh/yr. [ https://www.eia.gov/tools/faqs/faq.php?id=97&t=3 ] Despite work from home, despite being a large family, etc. we used 599 kWh last month. That puts us at only 68% of the national average household (and we're probably more people and more stuff going on than an actual average household). We have LED lights, we turn things off when we don't need them, don't run AC much or at all, etc. But we also aren't killing ourselves too much. Our price per kWh came out to $.26/kWH, or twice the national average. The CPUC would rather the utilities talk about their rates and what they're doing to keep them down [ https://www.cpuc.ca.gov/electricrates/ ] (conflict of interest anyone?), so we'll see what PG&E says in their report at the CPUC website [ https://www.cpuc.ca.gov/General.aspx?id=6442467709 ] Oh, that's interesting. It literally has no data on current rates! Huh? It just talks about cost shifting and trying to cut costs, but with no actual details or contextual data (there are some graphs regarding cost shifting, but without context, per capita/per household it's useless). For context here, this site seems to do decent nationwide price of electricity comparisons [ https://www.electricchoice.com/electricity-prices-by-state/ ]. According to them, average price per kWh is $.13 nationwide, and $.19 in California. So, what is the actual rate for PG&E and how has it changed? So first, you need to know what Baseline means. Baseline is defined per statute as 50-70% of the usage of the average household within a number of different climate zones and varies by zone. It's supposed to be for 'you can survive' usage only, it isn't set at average usage even though it sounds like it should be. After a ton of digging, I find the new rates as of March 1st [ https://www.pge.com/pge_global/common/pdfs/rate-plans/how-ra... ], where up to baseline usage is going to be charged at $.26/kWh (or double national average), anything above baseline up to 4x baseline (so double average usage) would be charged at $.33/kWh, and and any usage higher than that at $.41/kWh. That comparison site above says average California electricity costs $.19/kWh, but as you can see your average PG&E customer is going to be paying well above that in all cases - somewhere between 1.2-2x that depending on usage. If you actually use more than average (say 4x the average), you might even be paying 3x the national average for it. If you use even more than that? Well, hope you're wealthy. These are progressive charges, so your baseline usage is charged at the lower rate, then increases as you go. So let's see how this has changed over time shall we? As required by law, PG&E keeps a bunch of excel spreadsheets (yes really) with their historic rates. https://www.pge.com/tariffs/electric.shtml#RESELEC_INCLUTOU If we go back 5 years to May 2016 rates [ https://www.pge.com/tariffs/Res_160324-160531.xls ] the E1 (normal residential) baseline was $.18/kWh, next tier up was $.22/kWh with the 'average' customer paying $.21/kWh. Compared to the now effective price of $.26/kWh for baseline and next tier $.33/kWh, that is an increase of 44% over 5 years for baseline and 50% for Tier 1 over the same time. From what I can see in the thread, you’re smart, you obviously have a solid sense of what customers need (product wise) and ability to execute on it, you’re motivated, you don’t put up with BS, and you can listen to harsh but accurate criticism - you’re going decently far regardless, in my opinion. You’ve also found a decent product with a clear market need and have turned it into positive cash flow. That is the start of something that can be leveraged very well if you know how to do it. I’m just taking a wild guess here - take what’s useful and please ignore the rest. I don’t know you. What may be helpful is realizing that much of what got you here may be getting in the way of getting you to the larger opportunity. For one, being no BS means you may be neglecting good opportunities to get exposure and business because it feels fake. You may not be aware of the business models of the people who build large audiences or how to leverage them, of the influencer or advertising markets and tools for instance. I think you have some opportunity if you get someone clever who specializes in it. But first you need to find out someone who knows that that looks like, or iterate and learn yourself. Your being locked into the product and able to see through bs may also be stopping you from truly understanding the mindset/awareness of the bulk of users (and their general lack of knowledge), in a way that you can clearly reach them. Knowledge of actual capabilities and the full system can be a real curse in selling, because it makes everything too complicated and makes it hard to understand where 99% of your potential customers will be - which is complete ignorance of you, your product, and the space. And you have to make it easy for them to give you money, and use every opportunity you can to show your product and how it helps people, or you’re wasting visibility and leads you’ll never get back. This thread is obviously helping you, and I never cry over the past. Future posts could be even better (and get you more revenue) with a bit more work on some very minor (time wise) details. I did make a prior employer a bit under half a billion ARR by identifying the need for, starting, and then leading an effort that fixed some similar (but not as severe from what I can tell) challenges for one of their products. This was from within Engineering as an Engineer and later senior Eng leadership. They did have a more established product and presence. Unfortunately, I am also busy getting my third startup moving and this week and next are not great for taking on anything new. A friend of mine who is very low BS and has given me some useful (and brutally direct) feedback that I’ve personally found invaluable is Naeem Zafar [ https://www.naeemzafar.com/ ]. He’s done a lot of books and classes on various elements (mostly so he doesn’t have to keep repeating himself). I’d be curious what you learn if you go through the 7 Steps to a Successful Startup ebook. It’s only about 30 pages, quite to the point, and $10. It may help you structure some of what you have now in a way that may point out the gaps in the skill sets on your team and the structure that could help you. It may not. I don’t really use Twitter, but I’ll put it on my list to reach out in a couple weeks and see if any of this was helpful. I’ll make sure to mention this thread. Best of luck! Making a viable business is one of life’s greatest challenges and you’re showing good promise. Eh, I’ve been using MacOS as my daily driver for at least a decade. Before that was a variety of window managers on Ubuntu and Slackware. 20 years ago, and randomly when I can’t avoid it I’ve used windows. But I’m far from a fan. A lot of just plain silly defaults and UX weirdness gets attributed to some massive usability genius, but near a I can tell (from using all the platforms), it’s just designers making what could be straightforward functionality overly hidden or obtuse because of UX purity and insider cachet with power users or whatever - ending up with changes/behavior for everyone that is surprising and ends up getting in the way for people. I have actual work to do, I don’t want to have to learn yet another secret handshake gesture in this version of MacOS or turn off new settings to stop it from screen locking me if I accidentally bump my mouse over. Example - this thread and others like it, or the massive numbers of bug reports and forum complaints on the hot corner screen lock functionality when it came out. and now windows is copying it, yuck. The parent poster specifically was advocating for the Fed to be handing out retail bank accounts I believe (FedAccount)? It seems like it would be a distraction (though also perhaps a useful tool) in the monetary policy front. They already do a lot of passport issuance and the like, so probably wouldn’t be too much of a problem to expand if they did it gradually. That said, they’re currently struggling to even deliver packages or letters under the new leadership (around the time of the election I had multiple mailed checks go missing permanently, and a letter take a month+ to go within the state where it’s usually 3 days max), so maybe putting our hopes on them to save the economy through a massive new program is not a good idea? A number of countries have used postal services for banking with good success (especially early on). I’m decently familiar with Singapore’s, but have heard of others. When doing some searches I randomly ran across [ http://www.campaignforpostalbanking.org/know-the-facts/ ] which seems to be strongly advocating for it. I’m guessing he forgot to tell us, hah. The data is also quite sparse and almost certainly missing a large chunk of the worlds population. Looking at their website, I doubt they’re covering the Chinese domestic market. I’d also be surprised if they’re covering say Bangladesh, or Indian non-English books or content. Same with Indonesia. That right there would probably throw all the numbers off dramatically world population wise. Of course. Current organizational failings do cause fallout and long term damage to retention and motivation of key staff, along with reputational issues leading to difficulty getting new qualified staff. Definitely not unsolvable - pointing out that if you want the USPS to be a happy, well run organization that can take on a massive expansion in scope, it would take awhile and have to fight against the current inertia. It isn’t a slam dunk right now. I've taken to putting something similar in job postings that require careful attention to detail (right after the section that talks about said need) - 'If you want to get considered, make sure to put the name of a mammal that flies in your subject line. Otherwise I will throw your application in the trash'. So far? About 1 in 10 to 1 in 15 does it. Tends to be pretty effective actually, helps a lot with weeding out the spam too. Most lead with the 'I would love the opportunity to work with your company' which is clearly just generic spam and they probably didn't even look at the job posting. If you have a group of 10 random people, you'll have to count on 1-2 of them not knowing something important you think everyone knows (if you're lucky). If you have a group of 100 random people - that's now 10-20 people. A whole team, maybe two if the cards are particularly bad. The Army has 479, 000 people. They also have significant, predictable turnover, so if they teach everyone all those things once, in 4-5 years no one in some military specialities will know it again. Based on the average time in service (6.7 yrs) data I can see, even if they teach literally everyone everything they might not know that is considered essential, in ~ half a decade at least 1/3 of the people in the Army won't know some or most of it again. Add in that people can only pay attention to and retain so much, and you have to repeat things a lot, explain things from a bunch of different angles, and then test and validate on top of that before you can assume they know it. Even then, they might forget in a week. It's law of large numbers and people. They make their money on packages too, and that has been strong, up and to the right for a long time. The difference in quality of service pre-dejoy and post was pretty clear? And they’ve been break even or profitable pretty much every year. I’d consider that artificially hamstrung, since it isn’t the market doing that. You can if you’re thinking clearly and able to be a good manager that can attract those people. Easy to fall down the hole of overwork, over stress, over pressure others. The reality is that you can be arbitrarily harsh and negative , or arbitrarily positive to the point of delusion about basically any situation or set of circumstances. This isn’t theoretical, get a decent set of people (100?), put them in a specific circumstance and it’s quite apparent. What is also apparent is that there are clearly objective differences in the ability of collections of people to thrive (or even barely cope) with the same set of circumstances based on the mindsets from the people composing the team. A good read to bring these into sharp focus is the book written on Shackleton’s voyage with the ‘Endurance’. ‘These mindsets are also clearly ‘contagious’ once they hit a certain point. If a team hits a certain tipping point and is able to look at their circumstances and smile, it is self reinforcing. They’ll be able to face hardship productively, work together despite differences, and everyone will be better off. If no matter how good it is, they’re going to be miserable - that is also self reinforcing. It will be miserable for everyone, and the only people who stay will be those who feel at home in misery. Being miserable is also associated with worse health, personal relationship issues, higher insurance costs, absenteeism, turnover, difficulty retaining key talent, etc. The company wants (and often needs) people that work hard regardless of the circumstances, that will find a way to make a situation positive and productive, etc. This can be abused. Even when not abused, the company needs people who can tackle problems to solve customer needs to survive (quite plainly). If a company is well managed, they are able to make this a mutually beneficial situation without it lapsing into co-dependence or abuse on either side. Not very many companies are well managed. Partially because it is really hard, partially because American culture doesn’t seem to value or recognize proper management skills and the importance they have. Covid has turned the screws and also pushed a lot of people into negative territory. This means a lot of companies that were near a tipping point before are now clearly over it - as are a whole lot of people. That would definitely work - bat, flying squirrel, etc. You can cut and paste the question into Google and get the right answer, so you might be overthinking it a bit. Most solar is now produced in China, at 71%+ as of 2019 (and only grown since then I imagine). If we’re talking national security, that is a concern too. If distributed and decentralized it also runs across a common issue with courts - the ‘make me’ problem. If someone buys product x from seller y, which is based on some decentralized ‘contract’ which is defacto enforced by every node of the network independently - and that product then produces a unjust outcome. You go to court, but what if Y is just a node on the network? And everyone involved is outside the courts jurisdiction? what can an adverse court judgement actually accomplish? It can’t roll back the network activity to fix the smart contract without everyone’s consent - and that seems unlikely. It can declare product X illegal or fine seller Y - but if they have no way to enforce it, what’s the point? Looking at the various issues that have come up with these ‘smart contracts’ (aka the ethereum DAO issues up until now), I think anyone who wants to write one should be automatically excluded from being allowed to do so. The reason they are doing this (keeps getting buried) is because they want to change distributed APKs, shims, etc. so they have the right packages and deps per device, and can ensure that what they build is what is accepted on the device and not some other random thing. So it is working as intended if what is installed on some device is not what the Dev built. It is actually a problem specific to these types of contracts. It is very difficult to nearly impossible for me to get money to a company somewhere right now in a way that doesn’t surface who they are and where they are at in some really obvious (and traceable) way - part of the US War on Terror is the anti money laundering, and know your customer rules and heavy handed enforcement of US financial control. In this case, you send some ether somewhere. Lots of if’s and May’s there - and that’s true of a ton of things in crypto. It took nearly a decade before the SEC or IRS would even provide basic guidance on what the heck crypto even was in their eyes. Lots of deals gonna happen, lots of fortunes made and lost in that gap. Sometimes you end up with someone who can’t do the job that they were hired for, or won’t, without constant direction. Sometimes they come into the job this way, sometimes factors outside of your control put them here. Sometimes you can have a Frank discussion about it, or regular ‘adult’ type discussion, and there is something that can be done that fixes it, and it can be fixed. That is not always the case. Sometimes the person is fundamentally incapable of doing the work (rare), or in a place they can’t care about or don’t want to do it - but won’t or can’t acknowledge it. Re:accountability - there are many different definitions one can use for what this really means. The clearest I am familiar with is ‘if you can’t or won’t do the job to standard, and there is no special circumstance like a leave that should be applied, you don’t have that job anymore’. That is easier said than done in many business environments. I’ve worked in places where someone literally not doing any useful work was going on a year+ of dragging on with the team, constantly changing reasons for why they couldn’t do the job, and killing the teams morale. Literally 4 layers of management involved in HR processes trying to drive this to a useful conclusion, but new buttons being pushed every month by the employee and a highly risk adverse HR/Corp culture meant the situation couldn’t be resolved. All this on top of 6 months of coaching and attempting to help this individual be a productive member of the team. These environments all require micromanagement of low performers as part of the performance management process - it’s the way things have to be to get the documentation and proof of coaching for CYA. FYI - The official line for several FAANG’s is that the week/day level of micromanagement done as part of typical performance management for underperformers is referred to as investment. And it kinda is - about 25% of the people I’ve had to do it for did well (4 if I remember correctly). Another 25% needed a clear ‘you need to improve or you’re out’ message that merely saying it to them did not provide. They needed the paperwork. They reset and got their act together right away, and the ‘micromanagement’ consisted of checking in with them for a few weeks or a month until it was clear that their trajectory was changed. Roughly another 25% had mis-fitting roles or expectations (one was a CS major, and despite interviewing for and taking a coding job, realized they hated coding about 2 kmonths in). The remaining 25% approx. fought the whole way, refused to take any ownership of their issues, and were a huge relief for the team when they were gone - and in the environment I dealt with most of these cases? It was incredibly, incredibly hard to get rid of them. 3+ months of constant work, mandatory weekly check-ins and micromanagement, you name it. I don’t like firing people, but I hate toxic team environments, and recognize it helps no one for someone to stay in a culture/org/team that clearly doesn’t work. I personally always put the work in, because I knew how important it was. I’ve seen many managers not do that. I agree with you that it’s better to fire a not fit. I’ve also seen many (50%ish) turn it around after or shortly after other companies would have summarily fired them. Big Corp, especially big tech Corp, has a giant target on it’s back and is very risk adverse to firing (justifiably so) in many cases, even if it hurts the team or the individual. If you’re having to go through item by item to give direct support, and explicit feedback for literally everything the person is doing - I’d consider that micromanagement if done to me, no matter who was doing it or why. I think most people would consider that the case. There is also the trope of the ‘micromanager’ who is the insecure ‘I asked 5 minutes ago, why isn’t it done exactly right already’ type. They might be narcissists, but I’ve seen plenty who weren’t - insecurity always plays a huge part, and seems correlated with workaholism too. They micromanage everyone. It’s entirely possible to be micromanaged by someone due to something you’re doing, and by someone who isn’t a micromanager or prone to micromanaging. They’ll hate it, but they have reasons why specifically they are doing it with you that may suck to hear, but probably have some grounding in reality. I’ve been on both sides of this and it sucks on both sides. It’s also possible to work for someone that micromanages everyone because that’s who they are. Nope. Amazon would be the least prone to these scenarios - they fire fast compared to literally all the rest. Easy to say, but pretty useless on the ground. Which leadership is failing? Who holds whom accountable? If you, as a leader, will get fired for holding someone accountable to the job (and firing them) and stopping a toxic environment from happening on the team, what then? What if the reason for that is some meta PR corporate reason that makes sense for corporate maybe but not for you and your team? What if your job includes not causing those larger corporate issues and following the rules of the larger org? It’s a failure of a large organization, and part of that failure is often making sure there is no one to actually hold accountable in a real way. It sucks. It happens. At least you get a receipt when you pay your taxes I guess? One challenge with inflation is how hard it is to measure and how it impacts different parts of the economy differently. If you’re buying chickens, it might be impacting you 20% or 100%, houses the same range but differently, etc. taxes at least are usually published and more knowable/can be planned around. I think the posters point is that thinking of it that way might be missing an important motivation behind many taxes, which is maintaining the power base by helping those seen as supporters and hurting those seen as detractors. If thinking of an abstract incentive/disincentive structure, you could phrase it as ‘incentivizing those who support me to continue to support me’, and ‘disincentivized those who don’t support me from continuing to not support me’, but those are never the reasons given. To their point, the reasons given can or are often transparently be seen to be the more direct reason, but always have a smokescreen with rational justifications as to why they are not. If you don’t look at underlying motivations, it’s easy to get caught up in the rational (smokescreen) reasons for something and chase your own tail endlessly without addressing the underlying causes. My 2c Yup - and pay heavy penalties if you don’t (with interest). The idea that you only owe tax at the end of the year is a fiction the federal gov’t and IRS is more than happy to continue supporting for the majority of tax payers, as it reduces resistance to the income tax. Tools like paycheck withholding were built to support that fiction and lower resistance as well. People fight less when they don’t see the total amount of money they are actually paying in one lump sum. When they get a lump sum ‘payout’ (yearly tax refund), it helps when it is larger and less frequent. They don’t connect the dots that it is their money they’ve been paying into the system every week as easily. Every business (including all businesses paying out wages, and any receiving 1099 income) need to pay quarterly taxes and pay the IRS. Individuals who need to pay estimated taxes (did not do sufficient withholding), need to do the same. The yearly tax return is doing the final audit/complete analysis and trueing up any amounts paid for the year, and certifying it. It isn’t when you’re taxes are ‘due’ - rather when they need to be completely correct or else. They actually needed to be paid quarterly. It is a real risk when gamers (the every day bread and butter) or ML model folks (emerging bread and butter) markets will stop using them because they can’t get reliable supply. Both of those groups do quite a lot of driver validation, workload tuning, and other platform specific stuff. If another competitor gets those markets, that will hurt for a long time. Eh, as in all things 'it depends'. Sundar could not have built Google to be what it became (and he ended up running), anymore than Tim Cook could have done that for Apple. Larry and Sergei could not run what Google became, but it would not have gotten there without their leadership (As many problems as there were). It takes different kinds of leaders to be successful in different kinds of environments/challenges. Especially early on, you rarely win by making everyone happy or following the rules. You can rarely run a huge megacorporation if you aren't a master of keeping people on message and motivated across a huge swath of expertise and experience, and if you aren't following (or making) the rules in a wider sense you're going to get stomped by lawsuits and other legal issues once you reach a certain size. Before that, you often can't make much progress if you're not willing to do that (and can often get away with it). The list of people who can be the best effective leaders in both environments is even smaller than the list of billionaire tech founder CEOs and giant megacorp unicorn FAANGs. Do you have any data on that ‘majority of people buy from scalpers’ claim? One reason for anti price gouging laws is that it is not uncommon for people to buy out all supply, then turn around and charge more/sit on a stockpile to solve the artificially created shortage they themselves created - a term for that being ‘cornering the market’. I haven’t generally seen too much anger at someone legitimately opening up supply by importing more or opening up more supply lines (especially if they say that’s what they’re doing). People have been pretty open to paying more in that case (albeit maybe not 10x more, though that is more because it’s hard to plausibly have such an increase in cost without literally airdropping supplies - which is a different beast). Cisco and Sun were the go-to big name equipment suppliers to many startups around the dot-com days. A lot of it was stupid expensive (like 150k for a sun server with the performance of a 5k Linux box, or 20k for a basic Cisco router). Well, when the startups folded a huge amount of that equipment got sold for pennies on the dollar and Cisco basically almost went bankrupt - and Sun basically did. And many more that made millions. The ones that get caught get penalized in public/shamed, but there are many more that were not - I personally saw many amazon sellers doing it for months without any apparently penalty. Upwards of 90% of applicants for many roles - talking about external postings, it's usually only 50% for internal - have clearly (in my experience) not even actually read the job posting, let alone have an understanding of what the job would entail or any of the requisite experience to be successful in it. Many of the remaining 10% have read enough they'll try to fake the requisite experience or understanding of it, but on the job would fail almost immediately (and not in a coachable 'oh yeah, we use bit x instead of y here', but in a 'have no idea how to use the calendar App we use, despite claiming years of hands on experience). Only a couple % of applicants for a public posting will have the actual experience and ability to do the job. And that is before we start talking about fit with others/ability to work in the culture effectively, and other soft skills. I've had candidates apply for senior Java developer positions that couldn't write out the most basic class structure on a white board while claiming 10 years of experience (like class Foo {}), candidates applying for engineering managing jobs that struggled with basic arithmetic, candidates applying for executive admin jobs that had no idea how to process an inbox at all (except to sort everything with a billion filters - except I needed them to, you know, actually figure out what needed to happen and sort out the junk, not categorize the junk for me to sort through), and a million other weird things like that. I had a lawyer who wasn't a lawyer once. That one I filed a criminal complaint against. Sometimes it may be brain lock, but in many cases I think it was fluffery and 'fake it till you make it' thinking. A large part of being a successful company is figuring out how to filter out the frauds/incompetents/won't actually fit or work outs, from the people who can get things done and can work with everyone who is already there without making a giant mess. It's surprisingly hard. Most don't do a good job at it. Really good point. The really good candidate/engineer/whatever might end up only doing 3-10 interviews over 10 years, or less. They do well and get rewarded where they are at, and get picked up quickly when they do interview - and with a good offer. The really badly interviewing candidate might end up doing 50 a month for a year before they stop looking - and be on the market in another 6 months to a year, where they do it all again. You'll see the bad pennies a whole lot more often than the good ones. There are also a lot of engineers out there with 1 year of experience x 10 (or even 20 times), or even 20 years of experience with some narrow niche technology that no longer applies - but want to be paid like they have been keeping on top of things and learning broadly for 20 years. A solid experienced engineer is worth their weight in gold. A lot of folks consider themselves solid experienced engineers who couldn't program a hello world in any modern computing environment. This is quite unfortunate, and more chaff to sort through. Not defending leetcode. At least it shows someone is trying? No, that's just reality. There are vastly more small companies than large in every industry. They all find their niches. Swift Energy still exists even though Shell and Exxon are a million times larger. Do Shell and Exxon have more resources, throw their weight around more, etc? You bet. Are they monopolies? Not in any plausible way I've heard anyone describe. It doesn’t have much to do with me frankly. And I’ve seen this in every society I’ve been exposed to, from India, Japan, Switzerland, Bulgaria, Germany, France, UK, you name it. If you aren’t able to do the job (defined by your peers and the market), you either don’t get paid, or you have to force the market to pay you or change the job, despite not doing the original job (often through legal threats/strikes). It’s a market protectionism vs market need thing. We seem to be advocating here that the best solution (software, market) should win, and that’s what I’ve seen in the global marketplace where legal threats like strikes generally have low impact. What I’ve seen in other areas where the legal situation allows more leverage from labor is happier but fewer and lower paid labor, in often a much smaller market. Essentially a ‘I got mine’ type setup where incumbents get good slots and it’s super hard to get into once established because the pie overall is smaller and guarded. It screws over the newcomers and unestablished in favor of the incumbents. China has started to export some really amazing home grown tech (including software) in some verticals, and if you think they give a rats ass about EU, US, etc. programmers - well, they don’t. Just like French don’t really care about Japanese labor conditions. So we either wall off that software (often to everyone else’s detriment - those would be good products for less cost otherwise for people to use) to protect the local labor/market conditions and cause distortions elsewhere, or.... keep up? Japan is notorious for the protections it has, and is terrible software wise almost everywhere. Pretty solidly stuck in the late 80’s when they were the newcomers and were actually innovating. And if we aren’t even trying to keep up, well - that just means the people who are will win/define the end state won’t it? It’s the harsh reality of the real world. EU has been going the way of protectionism for a long time, which is great from a ‘retirement community’ type sense, but there is a reason there aren’t many cutting edge tech firms originating there. It’s pretty clear from the constant handwringing from the EU on anything regarding tech or competitiveness that they know it too, but can’t make the trade offs to fix it. Great if you’re already established and looking to keep things cushy, pretty terrible if you’re trying to get established though. Like the thread with the folks who broke into tech by problem solving a case as a kid - imagine if they wouldn’t have been allowed to shell script until they’d gotten certified or joined the appropriate union? It’s also why salaries are generally so much lower there for engineers. The real world doesn’t much care about what we (as producers or market participants) want in an abstract ‘it’s not fair’ sense, it’s about the economics of the markets and the needs and who can meet them best. If someone can get me firewood for $5 at the same or better quality as the person selling it for $10, it would require a lot to not take the $5 person up on their offer for the vast majority of people. It’s what has led to a massive expansion in wealth for all humans, as we constantly look to optimize and create more value for less cost. If someone has 20 years of experience in tech x, but I use tech y - and they have shown zero interest in, and can’t demonstrate how to apply that experience in tech x to tech y - why should I or anyone be paying them for something that is not applicable or helpful to me at all? So they can feel like it wasn’t wasted? Good for them, bad for me. It isn’t a ‘poor people are too stupid’ argument. It’s a ‘poor people don’t have the resources to do enough due diligence, go after someone who scams them using a legal team, or diversify enough they won’t be eating dog food or homeless if this goes sideways’. Which is true. Additionally, if someone is rich enough they are a millionaire or billionaire or whatever and DOES somehow get ripped off enough to be homeless or eating dog food out of necessity, the general public is going to be cheering for whoever did the ripping off in the next Hollywood blockbuster, not calling their congresspeople angry about how that poor grandma is now destitute and the government SHOULD DO SOMETHING. It’s a combination of having enough resources to plausibly be able to defend themselves and not lose everything, and a lack of public empathy if they screw up and get ripped off. A lot of ‘08 was because it impacted the every day Joe quite a lot. If prices drop because people can’t get mortgages, and people can’t pull money out of their bank because the bank is insolvent? Those are now people who don’t have the HELOC they though they had, or their primary asset for retirement is now worth half of what it was, or can’t or won’t use the savings available when they need it - and also the people getting laid off because other Joe’s aren’t spending money or buying houses anymore. The banks are at the center of this. Many big banks were nationalized for awhile, Lehman was blown up, Fannie and Freddie were taken over. Not because they had more money. Rather because they were at the center of the crisis that touched assets almost every American owned - and had more money because of it. If this only impacted folks with > $1m net worth, it would have looked a lot different. It sounds like you took a particularly closed off and insular view of the ‘you control your own destiny’ meaning. You left - you took control. You didn’t take control early enough however it sounds like, and started interviewing and looking for better options before losing emotional control and exploding. You could have done that at any time. We often close off our own options and don’t really look to pursue things due to perceived risk, lack of experience, etc. If you’d come in with a resignation letter, you might have walked out with a raise - and for sure either way had a better deal. If you’re not willing to walk away, you’re never really properly negotiating - you’re asking for favors. The more you’re able and willing to walk away, the more of a real negotiation it is. It can take decades to save up the capital necessary to be in this position. Some people have it by nature of who they were born from. It is what is is. Mindfulness, treatment/therapy, etc. can go a really, really long way though. Speaking as someone who’s been there. Investing in yourself is absolutely key. It’s something most folks from our background have been taught to not even attempt. Not doing it just reinforces the cycle. Companies thrive (or die) off the difference between their costs and the amount they can get paid by customers. There are many unscrupulous bosses that will use underhanded tricks to convince people to take less pay to help widen that margin. In my experience it is ultimately self defeating and results in lower quality people staying. In the short term, it is amazing what people can be convinced to accept (been there when I was younger). It’s also amazing what people can feel entitled too beyond the economics of a situation. I’m glad you’ve been making some inroads. Step 1 is fixing the ‘I can’t afford to be out of work’ part - it puts you in an incredibly disadvantaged negotiating position. You’re holding yourself hostage essentially. Sometimes this is purely psychological (been there). Everything is so stressful it’s too overwhelming to look. It’s worth figuring out a way to get the emotional space there, or you’ll always be stuck. Sometimes it’s already insufficient pay, in which case figuring out a way to interview for the higher paying job or get credentials for a better role is the best way forward. Sometimes partnerships with others to help save on costs (a classic traditional reason for marriage and cohabitation) can be really good for everyone. Introspection is expensive, and recognizing that behaviors that benefit you personally cause undesirable damage in someone else can be the most expensive of all. Most people will actively avoid it, it just makes their existence harder for no concrete benefit to them. Food for thought. At some point, you have to decide to either; 1) talk about what you like, even if other people don’t connect well (be yourself at work?) 2) only like things other people connect with (seems limiting, but probably good for the social interactions) 3) pretend to like things others do and don’t talk about what you like (pretty much the definition of the conversationalist, but doing that all the time seems fake and probably unhealthy mentally for too long?) 4) never talk about anything controversial at all - aka the big Corp, how’s the weather answer. You can’t be authentic AND make everyone happy. Literally impossible. If someone is alienated by someone talking about who they are, whose responsibility is that anyway? I certainly wasn’t wealthy when I was growing up (or frankly had anything but hand me downs 90% of the time), but I still found ways to get out and do stuff I liked - salvaged old computers, went exploring in the desert, etc. it often meant not really connecting with mainstream folks (who were more interested in sports or the like), and I found it pretty alienating trying to have ‘small talk’ with 99% of the folks around me frankly. Learning how to connect with them was a skill it took a lot of time and effort to hone - it would not have helped them or me to think they had a duty to not be who there were or care about anything but what they cared about IMO. Anymore than me any my stuff. Who do you think would NOT be a ‘predator’ in that situation exactly? Sounds like she offered insight and a 2nd chance to someone she thought would benefit from it, and then helped them build on it in a way that stuck. Should she have been offering more than they thought they were worth? Who would that benefit? It would likely just cause anxiety and imposter syndrome. That’s avoiding the whole issue of someone who knows what they’re worth and is able to stand up and ask for it is worth more than someone who does not or will not. To everyone. Definitely not my experience, if for no other reason than the overwhelming portion that I know or have worked with is not white, was not born in this country (regardless of which country we’re talking about/in at the time), and I only know 1-2 with any sort of real social connections in the area they now live and work in. They haven’t done as well over the years as most, but there are outliers of course (Bill G being one prominent one of course). Also no real generational tendencies (I only know 1 or 2 folks with parents in any sort of engineering or computer discipline), unlike doctors or the like. I’m glad you’re not actually that on the edge - I hope you believe it when push comes to shove and don’t forget. In many cases, not feeling valued means you’re not getting the value you could be - and that can literally be millions of dollars over a career difference. That’s because she WAS an outsider? Being welcomed doesn’t change that. The only thing that can change that is assimilation on a persons side combined with a willingness from the surrounding body to assimilate. Even then, it’s usually easy to find areas where there are gaps, if you look. People can, have, and will continue to form in and out groups. Calling out particularly problematic instances can help (and be necessary) but it’s never actually going away, anymore than crime, poverty, success, failure, etc. It’s a fundamental human (and other species) survival strategy required by and a byproduct of the world we are in. This is true everywhere, about pretty much everything, and has pros and cons. It doesn’t sound like they were doing anything particularly obnoxious, just not particularly awesome. If you look for problems, you’ll find them. Most environments in my experience are a lot less welcoming than what she was describing. Each of these places I’ll note were very welcoming, and for every one of these items I’ve got 10 of people inviting me into their homes or spending time to get to know me and what my circumstances were like. when I lived in Singapore for a bit, pretty much anyone over 30ish years old would stop and stare at me for minutes if I was outside a financial center. Any sort of discussion with older Chinese folks would inevitably end up with the word ‘Gwailo’ mixed in there somewhere. My first name was hard to pronounce for folks who speak Cantonese in particular, which didn’t help. India, I’d get random scams directed my way because it seemed like they assumed I was a soft in the head westerner. Everything had a huge markup associated with it (white guy tax I heard a local friend call it). At least I knew enough to not push the cow away when I visited a local temple and one came up and started to sneeze on myself and a friend. Munich Germany, while on a walk some folks got visibly angry (and one couple yelled at me) when they stopped me to ask me directions and I didn’t know German. I guess wearing a black t-shirt and jeans made them think I was lying to them or something? I don’t know enough German to know for sure what they said, but boy were they not happy. Japan, I was always welcomed and everyone was very friendly - and very clear that I was not Japanese and needed my hand held at every step. Getting picked out of lines I was doing perfectly fine in so someone could give me hands on personal care was sometimes convenient, but it was clear that I was getting singled out. A friend of mine who lived there for many years and is married to a Japanese woman describes it as ‘you’ll always be treated like a drunk guest that drank too much, and needs help getting home safely’. He speaks fluent Japanese, is very familiar with all the customs, and has been married to his wife for over a decade and still gets the treatment. Are these problems? I mean, I could write a book on each of those places and many more if that’s what I wanted to focus on. I could also write 10 on the positives each culture had, how much they welcomed me and supported me and others. Sure, but expecting others to go out of that way to do that for you just doesn’t work in my experience. This seems pretty mellow frankly. If anything, complaining about it just seems to make it worse? Also everyone dancing around discussing/bringing up concrete objective milestones because it’s hard! Hah. If the details never come up and need to be agreed up (including dates or hard deliveries), it’s easy to not realize you don’t agree at all. Unless they’re German or Eastern European, in which case if you don’t point out exactly where they personally are wrong they might think you’re complimenting them, seeking help in figuring out who IS doing something wrong, or don’t have any actual issues, and everything is ok. Speaking of cultural differences. Nod, for sure. Though I suspect not defining it this way is also a bit of a ‘don’t think of the purple elephant’ problem - just not how most (all?) people work. We can aspire to do better, but that doesn’t mean others will agree that it is useful for them or a goal for them either. The issue is that scaling does not produce linear effects as you go down (or up) for a number of reasons. What works at the meter scale doesn’t work at the millimeter scale, which doesn’t work at the micrometer scale, etc. So you end up having to learn an experiment at a more and more difficult to access scale to figure out how to make something actually work. That’s real life anyway. While possible, high frequency microcontrollers and better capacitor technology (especially extremely low esr hybrid electrolytic capacitors) allow much better efficiency than was previously possible. Component costs have been driven down by wider adoption of inverters too. Electronic speed controllers for brushless motors are one area you can really see this too - they are amazingly compact, efficient, and high power now. The denying permission vs kidnapping distinction does seem important though, regardless of motives doesn’t it? It definitely is not. Denying someone access to airspace the way they did for Snowden to a gov’t level official is the equivalent of a bouncer stopping just the head of a competing club from entering - so the cops could grab him. Not seen as supportive, but not that crazy. What happened in this case is the state level equivalent of holding someone and their friends who were walking on the sidewalk in front of your house at gun point - and then dragging the one you thought had spray painted your house a week earlier into your basement never to be seen again. There is zero expectation that someone would or could use state level military assets to force a civil airplane flying under legal authorization and long standing agreements with no expectation of it landing in your country, under the flag of another nation, to grab someone you like. It’s not like it hasn’t been possible, it’s just exceptionally hostile to everyone else and in violation of pretty much every international norm. Once you’ve bought it, your incentives change no? And ‘trust but verify’ is important - there are a lot of assumptions people make about what is actually checked or verified that are, well, just wrong. About a lot of things. And if you can’t find anyone saying it is happening, it very well might not be. To the prior poster - call the NYC building department. Here is a link to their FAQ/index page and it should be straightforward to find from there. They are the ones responsible for making sure buildings don’t randomly collapse in NYC. https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/business/inspections.pag... Simple concrete is enough in almost all cases for what we do - if we use enough of it. Rebar allows dramatically reducing the amount we use in most cases, with this predictable trade off It’s rarely physics, almost always economics. God damnit - TAKE MY MONEY! I've been having to implement tons of my own testing because no cable ever works the way you think it will. I've got a giant pile of thick super beefy USB-C cables which only transmit data at USB 2.0 speeds. Which per the USB standards committee is apparently Working As Intended, but that is definitely not ok. But that is my point - the morales flight incident wasn't an airliner. Near as I can dig up, there is no evidence anyone but Morales was on it and staff. It's more equivalent to stopping an officials car (via roadblock) than the hijacking of a civil airliner at gunpoint (or fighter jet point). It's not a distinction without a difference, these are big differences with many non-subtle distinctions. Don’t forget the self maintaining general intelligence with a minimum of 14-16 years of real world training (minimum, varies by state) to understand context and environmental factors, go to highly trained specialists when sensors seem out of calibration, etc. It depends - be aware though that the more you diverge from the sensor input others use, the more you tend to diverge from others behaviors. You see different data. It’s important (often more important) while driving that you’re doing what others expect, less what the rules say must be done - especially on edge case behavior. Each sensor suite has it’s own pros and cons - LiDAR can have real challenges with reflective surfaces or highly absorptive ones (wet and slick, oily, snow). It’s range is based off return signal strength. There are also problems with many LiDAR sensors and daylight drowning out the signal. Time of flight sensors (really a type of ‘broadcast’ LiDAR) have similar issues combined with some weird edge cases with reflective geometries or some surfaces. Passive visual light sensors have issues with contrast (high signal strength drowns out low signal strength in nearby areas) and lacks useful information about time of flight unlike LiDAR. They are Cheap though generally, and give us a signal we generally think are ‘obvious’ Active radar sensors (including phased array) also provide very useful signals, also have pros and cons. Sonar, same. Ideally you’d have 360 coverage from enough different sensors that you can do sensor fusion and detect and exclude a sensor in situations where you’re hitting a known problem for a sensor suite. Looking into the sun? Well visual and potentially LiDAR/ToF data is iffy, switch to sonar and radar. In a high EMF environment? Surrounded by metal? Switch off radar perhaps. Those cost money - equipment and development - however. Depends on how buggy the firmware is and how poorly maintained the sensors are I’m guessing? Unfortunately as self driving cars make apparent, the rule is about as clear cut or practically useful from an engineering perspective as Asimov’s 3 laws of robotics. If you are in a climate with lots of snow and slush, and are in a road with zero lane visibility and everyone is moving along too fast for road conditions (unable to effectively stop in time stopping distance wise). Do you 1) go slow in the right hand lane, potentially leading to a pileup? 2) keep up with the road traffic (maybe trying to stay in the low side), and then maybe get in a wreck if a deer jumps out in front of you? 3) know this is a common situation for that road in the current weather condition and avoid the road entirely? 4) some variant of these? In many cases it can only be judged retroactively, or as Waymo or others are finding out, REALLY be respected by being so paranoid and conservative you can’t really function in the real world environment that presents itself and/or require essentially walled gardens so the environment is controlled enough you can have the certainty you need. The waymo answer here is ‘don’t drive at all’. Which is great, unless you’re running out of food and a bigger storm is coming in, or you’ll lose your job if you don’t show up in the next 39 minutes. Humans manage to be somewhat functional in these kinds of environments - we’ve had to be, evolutionary pressure wise. We’ve got a ways to go before self driving cars will be a help instead of a hindrance here. The issue is that video compression (to produce good compression) creates anti-redundancy - it puts more information into fewer bits by adding dependencies for more areas onto a few bits, and merging many duplicate (redundant) bits into one spot. It also makes later frames more dependent on earlier frames and the side effects of decompressing, to avoid transferring the information again (and adding more anti-redundancy). With a real-time feed used for command and control of something like a fast moving aircraft in close proximity to objects, you have the opposite situation - you want maximum reliability, clear and predictable degradation, and fastest recovery, even if it comes at the cost of clarity or bandwidth. They’re literally working to opposite goals. It can actually be even weirder. The land might be worth -$money (in some cases like Detroit, tax liens and other issues meant the ‘$1 house’ was actually $50k+ because of the liens.) And yes, no sane bank is going to lend against collateral that is fundamentally worthless. Construction loans are problematic because the property can be worth -$$$ if say the work isn’t finished and the builder starts putting (western concept, not sure how it maps to Japan) builders liens on the property for all the work they did, and then it all rots because no one put windows or a roof on it. These properties are at these prices because they are currently fundamentally not worth more. They sit on the market because they won’t even sell at that price. Some good peer links. There are several ways to value things - economic value (how much money it produces or how much money it saves by having it), both current and projected/speculative. - emotional value (this is my grandfathers house, I wouldn’t part with it for anything)! Or FOMO, or ‘being established’. How much is it worth to feel that way? - scarcity value. You need x or something terrible will happen, it’s in a bidding war, how much can you spend to win? This can also be current or projected. The signal you’re seeing is that for people eligible to buy the property, it is near zero value on all these axis. There definitely are people out there in this thread proposing clients be able provide UUIDs. I’ve seen it elsewhere too. I’ve also personally experienced UUID collisions due to badly set up VM environments under Windows. It isn’t a good idea to blindly trust any value - and that includes supposedly ‘never collide’ id’s like UUID. For what it’s worth, I also had the joy of debugging someone’s distributed hash table that was using md5 as the hash bucket key (this was... 2 decades ago?) and had no way to handle collisions because obviously that is impossible. Eh, you had me up until the ‘ultimately saving from bankruptcy’ part. PE cares about investor return, not some high and mighty altruistic end goal no? There are plenty of PE deals of companies no where near insolvency, where the companies just had some more juice that could be squeezed (short/medium/long term depending, but usually short/medium term). If it’s a problem if THAT ends in bankruptcy or not depends on if they are able to get sufficient positive return/exit before they get hit by any losses - seen that many times. Because that isn’t the goal and is often not what happens? It is purchased to make return, not to save them from bankruptcy. If it is a side effect, that’s fine, but that is not why it’s done or what the goal is no? The sheer timescales and energy levels involved with all known methods of transportation is what makes it unlikely - at least for life on the timescales we live on. The odds someone is interested enough to spend truly mind boggling amounts of energy (literally moving hundreds of mountains worth) and hundred of years to check us out after one of those events - and not even say hi - is low. That they are also so close - also low. If they have some sort of magic drive tech (implied by the behavior of these drive sightings), then that changes the math a lot. Most people mean ‘magic drive tech’ when they say FTL. Think of it like startups that get off the ground and never find market fit/fold. We have many many startups announce, very few significant successes. It is often for similar reasons - seems promising, but once you really dig into it there is a more economical alternative, or there is some difficulty in scaling/productionizing the process somewhere, or no one involved is able to connect with the right manufacturer/funder/customer/sales person because life. It does open up new ‘hmm, what if’ options for further research though (as unlike many startups the things learned are often written up and eventually shared in a way that can be used by others later). If patents are acquired, in 20-30 years that may make it a now solvable problem for someone else as they can leverage the work without paying the cost. But yes, if you’re looking at any of these announcements as something useful to you in the future instead of like a startup talking about the cool product they’ll eventually build - it’s going to be a rough ride. Well, no one gets promoted/a raise by writing ‘and everything is actually fine’ right? On the engineering side, similar more often than not. You get promoted by solving the ‘big problem’. The really enterprising (and ones you need to watch) often figure out how to make the big problem the one they are trying/well situated to solve - even if it isn’t really a problem. Part of it I think is that for many people, it's more fun to build something than to maintain something. It's also easier to write code than it is to read it (most of the time). So why not do the fun and easy thing? Especially if they aren't the one writing the checks! If you look at revenue, they are the exception that proves the rule though right? 90-95% of the revenue is in the other camp, depending on how you define it. For every life coach able to make a living, I’m guessing there are 10-20 business consultants, therapists, psychologists, etc. called in to fix a problem no? With the current well designed systems, it isn’t the case however. That password is important (one of several factors), but you can’t get access with only that information. It is also something that is easy to change with no retroactive access abilities. Last I checked I couldn’t export Chrome passwords (aka offline backup), couldn’t add non site passwords, and couldn’t manage non site based passwords/secrets with chrome password manager. And that was a month ago? The issue I’ve run across is the passive aggressive approach (aka what some people often mean re:tact) can delay having the direct conversation and then people spend the next 6 months noodling around hypotheticals until the original objector is worn down and says fine - and then the project fails because sure enough, it didn’t actually work. Seen it at least twice. Also seen the ‘actually it was fine, the objector was just in a bad mood and couldn’t see past their own prior experience and was being a pain in the ass’ more times than I can count. Which is why hopefully you have senior leadership that can see through the BS and get things moving in a workable direction. It’s pretty simple math? We’ve only had meaningful ‘not background event’ radio transmissions for about 115 years [ https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_radio ]. Assuming no faster than light travel or similar magic (to the earlier point), but some near light speed magic drive, even if our potential visitors had the ability (and interest) to accelerate to light speed the moment they picked up Marconi’s initial broadcast, they would have to be within about 57-58 light years or less radius of us. There are roughly 1400 star systems within 50 light years of us [ http://www.atlasoftheuniverse.com/50lys.html ] Which sounds like a lot. But there is estimated to be about 10 to 100 billion star systems in the Milky Way alone. So the odds that any of those stars are occupied by any excitijg neighbors is pretty low, unless the number of alien species+occupied star systems is mind bogglingly large. If there are 100 occupied star systems randomly dispersed in the galaxy meeting all these requirements, it would be one in 70,000 to 1 in 700,000 odds for instance. Not great. And that is assuming a lot about how much energy they would be willing to expend. We’ve seen no evidence of anything resembling a Kardashev type civilization in the neighborhood. If there is magic FTL tech, obviously everything is different. Also, who knows maybe we grew up next door to an equivalent to a intergalactic bus depot. That would also change things. At least based on what we know now though, the tyranny of the rocket equation is rather complete, the distances involved in traveling between star systems so vast, and the energy requirements of even approaching C are so high that it is not a realistic thing to consider for life that works the way we do any time soon. Sure enough, looks like I was wrong re: export. Thanks! Unfortunately other things are still an issue - https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95606 And even drone races are slow and predictable compared to what is possible with an applied military mind and decent tools. I suspect (or hope) we already have some decent options in the top secret space. Nothing we have now (publicly) is going to do a damn against a shipping container full of 2-5 lb drones each carrying 1 lb of C4 in a swarm with cheap off the shelf sensors going 100 mph nap of the earth in a distributed pattern. And that is currently entirely doable with off the shelf drones using existing software and published techniques for peanuts. Add in some decent programming and logistics talent, and that is a huge problem. We’re just getting more and more hypothetical in a complete vacuum of real information though right? If we’re trying to get something even somewhat defensible, there has to be some grounding on SOMETHING, or it’s all just fantasy. If they spent 10k ly getting here, and the ungodly amount of energy and time it would take to do 20% of light speed over that distance, and they had since the great oxygenation event to notice us and get here (and have such a technological and energy advantage over us they were able to do it) - then why are they being seen randomly checking out military aircraft (not very smart or subtle it seems?) but never talk to anyone else? And show no other signs of existing? Not impossible, but seems like a truly massive amount of energy and commitment of time over what far exceeds the timescales life as we know it works on to check out what could just be a puddle full of gooey algae for all they knew. And then potentially just sitting and watching for 100 million or a billion years. At least seeing radio signals or a double flash from a nuke test means there is something like intelligent life? What is TAS? Haven’t heard that term before. total autonomous system? Which wouldn’t stop someone using it in a declared war - which we haven’t had yet by an actor likely to want it. Doesn’t mean it isn’t sitting in a military port somewhere though. And since China makes like 99% of the parts used in drones, they very well could already have a couple hundred of those lying around and we’d never know. That is not true. Existing technology can take out remote controlled conventional drones with EW. I know of no existing (human proximity safe) EW that can handle optical based or internal (IMU) inertial autonomous flight, and both of those are more than good enough in this scenario (though optical may limit the upper speed bounds depending on the onboard processing capabilities). IMU based (pre programmed) could easily allow no active sensor mode, though would require pre-scouting the route. Many services go out of their way to detect and block the use of VoIP numbers for SMS auth :s Thank god something is in the pipeline! Thank you for the links. The only difference between a handheld magnet, radio waves, inductance, etc. is speed, precision, and magnitude. So in practice it is highly unlikely a handheld magnet is going to do anything for the same reason a cloud passing overhead is going to break a rock. The difference in air pressure is too low, the energy gradient too gradual, and it’s too far away anyway. Take the same aggregate amount of energy into a tank of compressed air, and use a jackhammer and that rock is dust in no time. Same physics principles; radically different impact in practice. Assuming the magnet you have isn’t the electromagnetic version of a tornado and you aren’t waving it around at several thousand RPM anyway. Kinda not really - yes you can kinda see it - but you need to look at it most of the time to hit a button correctly. Which you didn’t always/usually have to do with physical buttons. It also switches any time there is a context switch, which depending on what is going on can be insanely distracting (especially when it is using it to display autocomplete, autocorrect suggestions as you type fast) Those are two different stats - parent was referring to if those features lower death rates. You are looking at total death rates regardless of features. It’s also possible better road maintenance, or airbags, or better crumple zones (but not lane help) are driving it down. It’s possible for lane help to be driving it up, just not as much as say better crumple zones, and it will still be trending down. Sounds like you aren’t listening to youself? Folks have to meet in the middle somewhere if we want a society - some people want full office, some people want full remote, some people want a hybrid. They can’t all be happy. Saying ‘I want to meet my coworkers face to face at least some of the time’ seems like the compromise position if anything. Having used said virtual whiteboards - they suck. Most of ‘whiteboarding’ is the low lag communication, body language, ease of just ‘doing something’ by hand. In my experience, the connection issues, lack of ability to get good fidelity in communication, random glitches and other issues, just ruins the majority of it. Not having a terrible commute or paying 10x the national average for a closet to live in are definitely a strong plus in the other column though for sure. The issue I personally have with zoom (besides all the historic security concerns) is that it is typically incredibly complicated to use - too many bells and whistles to do even basic things. Meet generally ‘just works’, and has been better performance wise than Zoom on my hardware. Zoom does seem to do better overly severely degraded connections (and surfaces that It is happening). The experience is still pretty bad though. What large open source hosted office suite is better exactly? I’m unaware of one. Same with large open source email services? (Ala Gmail) It’s usually apples and oranges comparisons. There is libreoffice, but even on it’s best day it’s not doing real time document editing/collaboration with 10+ people on opposite sides of the planet, and that is the Google Docs bread and butter for instance. There is another factor with enterprise software - people build workflows around it that are business critical (think checklists and HOW-TO guides), and taught to folks that just want to turn the crank and get things done, not mess around with the latest changes (in general). UX changes (usually what people mean when they say ‘usability) are problematic because they often require disruptive changes, retraining people, and breaking someone’s business for awhile if they can’t know this is coming and stage it out properly. That is a good way to lose customers. Performance improvements over unlocking some major business area with a feature are not as high priority - because an extra .5% in cost to an existing customer is usually not as important as unlocking another 10% of sales. Over time it can of course kill the product if not addressed. It’s easy to see how the incentives lead people there though. And for an enterprise, they already pay people to do things they aren’t excited to do every day - why should they care the software is motivating when people already clean toilets, deal with retail customers, and mop floors without any of those being exciting either? As long as it works, it works. And you’ve got a bunch of people that want one at least every week, so they can talk to their coworkers - but without all the overhead from scheduling a big event. The world is made of many different kinds of people. Hand waving a huge portion of them away on either side isn’t great. Part of the problem I believe is a great many people (even the telcos) view voice calls as a dead technology on it’s last legs. Almost no one wants to invest in it, and even fewer technical people want to build a career on figuring these issues out. If regulators and the industry saw a future in figuring this out (as compared to dealing with another hassle from a unsexy legacy technology mostly used by old folks), it would have been solved a long time ago. For sure - but you’re still thinking about it from the using side, not the purchasing/management side. We all know how dysfunctional management can be, and IMO this is more a symptom of the disconnect between management and the employees resulting in bad business performance. It’s clear whoever is doing the purchasing either doesn’t care, doesn’t know, or has to pick the option due to another checkbox somewhere they can’t control. The people who know have no control over the tools they are using. It’s amazing how pathological organizations can be. The challenge of course is that detailed planning requires significant high authority work, hah. If you used the other SSIDs your phone was looking for and cross referenced, I bet confidence could get a lot closer to certain - 99%? That is definitely not how it is defined through - it seems to be a straw man? The criteria is essentially ‘you meet these criteria AND it causes clear problems with your ability to live your life’. It doesn’t mean you have a bad job and X, therefore you have ADHD. Rather, you show ADHD traits and they get in the way (and cause you distress) in doing a job you otherwise would be entirely capable of doing. Or consistently fail (and have distress) on social environments you’d otherwise be perfectly fine in, etc. If you don’t have a criteria like that, there is no useful criteria at all, since practically all medicine is oriented towards fixing things that aren’t working correctly/causing problems. It’s the same type of criteria used for evaluating everything from heart disease to stroke to a broken bone. Or in other words ‘if it ain’t broken, then it isn’t broken.’ If you understand your workload and the hardware well enough to understand how doing direct I/O on a file will help - then you’re going to generally do better against a direct block device because there are fewer intermediate layers doing the wrong optimizations or otherwise messing you up. From a pure performance perspective anyway. Extents are one part of the issue, flushes to disk (and how/when they happen), caching, etc. Doesn’t mean it isn’t easier to deal with as a file from an administration perspective (and you can do snapshots, or whatever!), but Lvm can do that too for a block device, and many other things. You do when it does that/respects it which isn’t always. The point is that you have more layers. If you’re trying to be as direct as possible, more layers is unhelpful. Since you get most of the same advantages management wise with lvm while using the block interface (including snapshots, resizing, and all the other management goodies), you’re not exactly getting much extra functionality either. Ah, but now you’re moving the goalposts it seems? Since most of what we’re talking about is unnecessary complexity for no real gain, what concrete metric do you think would be useful exactly? I just pointed out that you can get the same management advantages without it (say for a dev environment or rollbacks or whatever). And you get a simpler, cleaner story without extra layers if you don’t want to use lvm (such as in production), which you can’t get from O_DIRECT. I also have this thread from Linus calling O_DIRECT brain damaged and to never use it. [ https://lkml.org/lkml/2007/1/10/233 ] For archival, you need to worry about long term ability to read the format easily. JPEG wins that fight out of the three easily. The alternative in my experience is to build a spreadsheet, take notes for each one, and start cold calling every lawyer you can find who specializes in the area. 10-15 at a minimum. You’ll be using these consultations to learn the area and evaluate who you are dealing with, their style/approach, and level of competence. Ask a lot of questions. Things like 1) do they personally have experience with cases like this? 2) how did those cases end? 3) can they provide references? (If they start saying ‘no because attorney client priviledge’ they are generally bullshitting you. Don’t fall for it. Run fast the other way.) 4) which legal principles are in play in your case, and what are the risks or advantages you have? Then do your independent research on #4 so you can evaluate yourself what is going on. Figure on this taking a week of solid work. Most lawyers will provide consultations for free as part of their public service obligations under the bar rules in many states. Some won’t. I haven’t had any luck with the ones who charge for consultations, and have had in some cases terrible advice (like just flat wrong in black and white areas of the law), that cost me major money when I relied on it. You obviously have a very different experience with TIFF or RAW than I have had? Every vendor and application has weird extensions or behaviors with the format that means only custom built support for the software that makes it actually works well. Every piece of software on the planet seems to support jpeg out of the box. Same way baseball, football, etc. labor price fixing is legal - it’s gov’t protected price fixing Speculation - maybe it turns off some rate limiting, or disables some sanity checking that is more CPU/energy intensive or similar? QNAp takes the ‘just ship it’ approach. They have a lot of functionality, but it’s clear if you deal with their software much that it was a rush job. Lots of random breakages, bugs, stability issues, etc. You’re wise to not trust it with anything important. It’s also unfortunately the case that there are wives (and husbands) and kids that WILL resent someone for giving up the ritzy (or materially comfortably) life for somewhere calmer and better for someone’s mental health. It happens. And when it happens, the side effects can be downright crushing - Google ‘child support imputed income’ for an example of the legal framework that can be brought to bear against someone. For one - it makes it possible to take 6 months off if you don’t like doing the work? Without it? Good luck. It’s a facet of the underlying problem in my experience - feeling that you have no control or ability to solve the pain/endless problems you are being subjected to, and it will never get better. Eventually anyone is going to be beaten into submission/get learned helplessness in that type of environment. Already here - I’ve had windows 10 auto updates re-enable it at least 3 times over the years. I’ve given up frankly. It’s really crazy they get away with it. It might REALLY REALLY hurt though. Still harder to do than it looks, and to your point, very difficult to actually die from. Not impossible, but very unlikely. What people consider ‘bad’ inflation is too much money/demand chasing constrained supply that can’t keep up. If it is a required/needed good, that causes people to raise the amount they are willing to spend to get what they need. Inflationary spirals happen when this ‘infects’ enough markets. Everyone is spending all their money chasing an ever harder to get/more expensive set of essentials, and are willing to spend more and more as time goes on as they get more desperate. Lumber is probably negotiable/non-essential enough it’s not likely to kick off an inflationary spiral. Food, rent, transportation, though tend to be key. Plenty of alternatives though if it gets too expensive - brick, block, steel + stucco, etc. Lumber is important, and it’s cheap - but there is a cap until there are ready and economical alternatives. Stainless reinforcement is definitely not guaranteed to last 1000 years. Most grades of stainless are susceptible to stress corrosion cracking in any environment containing chlorides (even at relatively low levels), which is pretty much any bridge, industrial, or habitated structure - everything from road salt, to bleach, to chlorinated tap water can be a problem over a long enough period of time. This has been a big issue with stainless steel climbing anchors and hangars, as it leads to sudden catastrophic failure with little warning, as you don’t get rust like normal steel. Some areas near the ocean have had failures in as little as 5 years - faster than if they’d used normal steel. There are millions of people in current rural US with terrible terrible ISP options that would happily pay this. And that isn’t counting other countries. Australia alone is terribly underserved right now by all national ISP’s. Even if you put in the TOS that the NSA is going to jerk off to all their stuff, most would probably be super happy to sign up if it meant sub-300ms pings and > 5mbps speeds. So you’re agreeing there are millions unserved and in truly rural areas right? That’s all it takes, and all I was referencing. Fixed wireless has been an option for a decade plus. When it works, it’s great. Almost everyone I know in rural areas has thought of it or tried it once. Trees, distance, sometimes a hill usually get in the way. Hughes and others don’t have the subscriber numbers they do because they’re good services that people like using over alternatives. Don’t forget there are a lot of people that would love to live in a rural area that haven’t because of lack of a decent connection. If starlink keeps on this trajectory, a lot of folks will be moving who never could before. Agreed, what got people for awhile is that while there is sometimes visible rust - sometimes there isn’t - and even then nothing like normal steel or iron. Then it fails. Or doesn’t. Not what you want in rebar (or climbing anchors!) It’s definitely at play here - the cops often don’t even show up, and the stores have stopped bothering to call. If you don’t record it, it isn’t happening, as it were. Because the Mach cone produced by the leading edge/cone keeps most of the air from interacting with the aircraft behind it. It’s in the ‘wake’ as it were, though there may be multiple Mach cones or non-‘cone’ shaped ones depending on the shape of the aircraft. This does cause some stability or handling issues for the aircraft. The analogy re: voltage or amperage are spurious and just don’t apply here. Then it is a fundamentally non-idempotent operation? In the case if an email you could use the idempotency key in the accounts outbox so you could detect if you’ve already sent the message and then no-op if that is the case, and you’re idempotent. The response must reflect something useful, which is probably going to be different in those two cases. sub-sonic, trans-sonic, and supersonic aerodynamics are fundamentally different. You’re calling out some differences, but not covering others. They are wildly, fundamentally different in behavior. You’ll notice that supersonic aircraft have different airfoil shapes, different airframe shapes, and wildly different engine configurations because they don’t work the same way. There is of course air behind the Mach cone, but it is much lower pressure, will often completely separate (airflow wise) from the airfoil shape in ways you would not expect, and the shockwaves/speed of propagation can cause bizarre pressure, lift, and drag issues. You can end up with massive vacuum where you previously had pressure, or pressure where you preciously had vacuum. Transonic flight or high angle of attack flight at supersonic speeds of course produces rapidly changing variations of all these effects. [ https://arc.aiaa.org/doi/abs/10.2514/8.1394?journalCode=jans ] Unlike subsonic flight, the air can’t “get out of the way” in time, leading to potentially catastrophic issues without careful design. Supersonic flight is better categorized as ‘shoving through slow air’ than flight. What you’re referring to is not wrong - just doesn’t reflect the magnitude of the actual differences And the iron grip they need to maintain control on the trillions inbound means they regularly need to stomp on the source of a few 10’s of billions here and there. This is just a slightly larger, and significantly more externally visible version of what they do on the regular - and must - to keep control. I’m unaware of any launch system that gets many tries at failures - it either gets what needs to be done relatively quickly or it gets cancelled. The number of tries you get is usually single digits. Everyone fails a few times at a minimum. I’m pretty sure they won’t let someone change teams, and many of the people on this list aren’t expected (and for some managers, maybe not even allowed) to improve. Doing something about a problem generally requires someone is aware that a problem exists right? Otherwise it’s just marking them for future termination without telling them, which seems like a waste of everyone’s time. Shouldn’t that investigation happen before they are considered a performance problem and put on the list? Giving the employee a chance to rebut any performance problem assumptions would be an important part of this, and would also require they know. They are - it’s also a thing that corruption happens. There has been a lot more corruption than usual the last 4+ years in gov’t offices, and it will be a long time before it’s all identified. How much experience do you have managing people? In my 15+ years doing so, I’ve never heard or seen a situation in a reasonable organization where someone gets on a list like this (intentionally, as compared to their manager screwing up by not having a conversation with them before it is clearly a huge problem to everyone else) without knowing they are going to get on a list like this if they don’t improve. I have heard it at many places that are flogging employees or using scare tactics to get every cent worth of value they can put or people before they burn out and get thrown on the rubbish bin. Nitroglycerin is also a therapeutic drug, and only toxic if you overdose - and isn’t used for chemotherapy. They’re tangential properties at best. For one, it’s probably pretty lucky the plant that makes it hasn’t exploded yet. The workers and neighbors probably benefit from knowing? The parent posters point is actually agreeing with you I think? Other countries mandate these leaves and spread them out as social programs, and therefore the small companies in those countries ARE able to function - because the costs are spread out. In the US that is not the case, because the spreading of costs and mandating of leaves isn’t universal, and they can’t afford to take it on themselves. It doesn’t actually work that way - family can and will consume 100% of your time, just like work can. And some people can and will pick one of them and do just that. If you’re ‘competitor’ is one of those people, well….. The problem is that it’s easy to play games on what ‘same or equal’ position means - many terrible employers in the US will do them too. In general, the overactive mind is one that is unable to accept or process what has happened or is happening. It’s spinning it’s wheels trying to understand and control something that it fundamentally cannot at the time - and considers important/a threat to understand. I’ve got a lot of combat veterans in my family. The ones who survived, say the way to survive and function is to accept that shit can and will happen, they have very little control over it (but they can control their little part of what they do), and they might not live through it. One said ‘I accepted that I was going to die. If I didn’t today that was going to be a nice bonus. It got the worry out of my head and let me focus on doing things the best way, and the way I knew I wanted it to be done, and how I wanted to be remembered if I’m gone.’). He lost a lung in Vietnam, among other things, but is still kicking and enjoying life in his 80’s now. He has had, and still does have, many issues from the war, so don’t take this as a ‘and everything was fine’. If you are at peace with, and have accepted the possible outcomes (including the horrific), and understand and accept how little control you actually have - the mind doesn’t spin. It truly knows the situation and can react appropriately, instead of a intellectual ‘knowing’ that it is struggling to integrate and process. It frees you up to act, be present, and actually steer things in a better direction rather than spin/have the overactive mind. And sleep is necessary and helpful to actually doing better. And so they just do what they need to do. Which includes passing out and sleeping. It didn’t happen that way until many, many years after student loans started to be a thing. Some enterprising law students figuring out they could get a loan to learn how to get out of the loan - and end up with a very valuable degree out of it that could not be repossessed - and by the time they needed good credit, it would be off their records. It took awhile for word to get out, and then they banned getting out of student loans. So blame the lawyer (students) I guess? If you got the same degree for 10k (what it used to cost inflation adjusted), why would that not be better for everyone? Every professor or co-professor I know gets paid peanuts, gets poor support, and gets waaaay too many students. These folks are at Yale, Princeton, etc. It’s a scam and the money disappears into the machine with little accountability and a ton of hand waving. It might even make it affordable (cash wise) for many people like it used to be. Wouldn’t that be scary? None of that is going to meaningfully impact a typically mobile, non-property owning, ‘wanders to find a job’ 20 something. If anything it opens up new opportunities for them in the chaos. These are all things impacting property owners (aka not 20 somethings with massive college debt), folks in rural areas (also unlikely to be 20 somethings with massive college debt), and old people (same). It’s not that these things aren’t happening, it’s just unlikely to concretely cause problems for this demographic. There are techniques to help process what is happening in situations like this - CBT and/or mindfulness have both helped me in the past. It is necessary to take risks to succeed - including trusting sometimes unknown parties. It is necessary to not trust more than you can afford to lose. It is also necessary to put trust and faith only in those that have earned it. It’s a complex set of sometimes contradictory requirements. It is impossible to always have it perfectly under control. Sometimes that means learning painful lessons, sometimes that means getting into a fight to protect yourself as best as possible, sometimes it means writing it off - as the flip side of the good bets that pay off. To know what is appropriate for you will require integrating the experiences and information you have, and calming evaluating for yourself your own values and your own plan, and what you want to do. Easier said than done. I wish you luck! We’re in a thread talking about college students, of which almost all of which are moving to go to these schools. It’s that percentage. And a whole lot more than 5% of American 20 somethings move for jobs or school away from home during this time. It’s literally the most flexible and already mobile portion of the population, and the segment most trying to establish itself (while having some useful skills). They are the ones who are most capable and who will benefit the most from disruption. It’s the folks too young to have useful (job) skills or capital, or who are already established in a place, or who are physically frail/getting more so, that will be the most put out and hurt by these changes. And the human race will survive, as terrible as it will be. Compared to the world wars, the expected impacts are likely to be relatively mild - albeit more widely spread. It used to be possible (albeit required significant work, but it was not 20 hrs a day of work + school - more like 6-8) to literally work your way through a 4 year degree while working a minimum wage job - including using that job to rent a room or an apartment somewhere, or live in a dorm. $15k for tuition alone (not counting books/materials/food, room and board) obviously makes that impossible. It isn’t going into teaching staff. It goes into administrators salaries, bloated programs/overhead in sports, recruiting program costs, fees for housing, fees for food, and ever larger endowments that somehow never trickle down - among other things. For what is being taught 99% of the time, the economies of scale make $2500/yr for tuition perfectly doable in a typical undergrad environment - if anyone wanted to. And it is done all the time in Europe, for instance. If you’re taking out a loan to cover all your living costs + tuition than obviously that is going to be more expensive than tuition alone. In Europe where school tuition is covered, there are also separate programs to cover student living costs - which are also not super high generally. My ex-gf got her physics degree from a well known university in Spain, and they paid her $500 per month or week (forget) to cover living costs at the time I believe which was more than enough. She wasn’t eating imported caviar, but students in general have always been able to get by (and have fun/a social life) without big expenses. Considering the posters background, they may have just not taken it into account. One challenge with abuse on all these fronts is that there is a huge amount of grey area in all of them, and judgement that would need to be drawn on what is and is not abuse. Sometimes/often it is REALLY clear cut (yeah, someone doing munchausen by proxy on their kids, or beating them, or whatever is clearly abuse). Other times, you'll find a lot of controversy. There was a lot of discussion recently about parents getting cut off from their kids because of rabid Trump support. Is that abuse? From whom? There have also been stories of parents cutting off their kids because of their strongly anti-Trump views during the election. Is that abuse? From whom? Mental abuse can be incredibly subtle, and a key component of many abusers is their ability to convince others around them that they totally aren't abusing anyone and it's that OTHER PERSONS fault. Made even worse by the fact that sometimes the person being painted as the abuser IS NOT the abuser, and it really IS the other persons fault! Sexual abuse and physical abuse can at least be generally judged somewhat accurately from a third party witness/video perspective. Blood pressure is more of a function of resistance to flow than volume (ignoring things like trauma induced hypovolemic shock - aka bleeding out) - which can be from many causes, including vasodilation/constriction, plaque buildup, compartment syndrome, heart issues (bad rhythm, valve issues, etc.), shock, or regulatory dysfunctions indirectly impacting those areas. Volume issues, especially difficulty processing waste/removing excess fluid (renal failure or disfunction), can pop up, but reducing volume as a solution is kind of like taking gas out of your gas tank because your throttle keeps getting stuck and you don't want to run anyone over. Yeah, it can kinda help maybe (and if you're desperate you should do it), but it isn't really addressing the underlying issue. Sometimes you don't have time or the ability to address the underlying issue, but it shouldn't be the first thing to go to. Not ridiculous that say excess iron or blood volume could be an issue or help if addressed - just not a high odds thing to be tackling usually. With the mindset at the time, the worst case scenario for the atomic bomb would have been it not going off in anyway way, and then they just handed their greatest enemy dud version if a top secret weapon. Since it likely would have just blown up (fizzle) even if it didn’t fully detonate that is a pretty remote possibility. Second worst would be it went off on a base somewhere and nuked a US base. Considering the location of these bases and the nature of the war at that point, it would have been a footnote causality wise, but embarrassing. Hydrogen is a non starter because of the need for heavy tanks no? Batteries are sealed contained There are several culture books that feel a lot like dystopias - they are just less popular. Culture also cheats, with most of the popular ones using Contact with it’s fundamentally problematic and ‘messy’ interactions with non-Culture to create the necessary conflict for an interesting story. Since most Utopia descriptions seem to imply that everyone is in the utopia, that is a lot harder. The books that go into what it would be like actually living in a Culture society with other people/interpersonal relations get.. pretty gross pretty fast IMO. Is it something that is easy to do by ignoring the possibility of it happening - and therefore is the default? Sure seems like it! In general, one key tenet you will find even in those books is a focus on 'being' and 'experiencing' reality over taking as truth an abstract knowledge of how something 'should be'. An approach that might work better could be a gradual and expanding exposure, talking physically in person to others, and exposing oneself physically to the practices and reality of a number of different sects and groups over time - while evolving your own understanding with book reading. It is very unlikely that meditating, or following basic practices, is going to cause anyone harm - but definitely not impossible based on their state of mind or circumstances. Given a large enough group trying something, it is inevitable someone will have a terrible outcome. It doesn't mean others won't have amazing outcomes, however. It is our own individual responsibility to take ownership for making the decisions we make, taking the path we take, and owning the results, or we lose all handle on the little we can actually control and become even more lost. Going to a meditation retreat (12+ hrs) without a solid grounding and understanding of the context would be a bit like hopping on a race motorcycle on a track day right after getting a learners permit - ill advised, and unlikely to result in anything healthy. Not impossible it wouldn't go well however, and not something likely to need screening for from the retreat (or track) side. Usually most people would realize pretty quickly even if they were dumb enough to get started and quit before anything really terrible happened. If someone doesn't know or recognize that, they are unlikely to find the right ways to get in trouble - usually. Book knowledge can help expand or refine knowledge, but should always be validated and integrated with personal experience. There are too many conflicting ways to take a specific passage, too many personal traumas or gotchas, too many environmental variables for anything else frankly. It should not be your only or especially your only foundational knowledge about something so fundamental as how to understand or approach reality and yourself. Amen (hah) - I doubt (up until recently with these getting more visibility) it was ever a problem enough that retreats are screening for this. Additionally, retreats taught in 'weight loss' fashion are only going to make this worse, as there may be no one with a comprehensive grounding or experience even present on the retreat. This is one area where years of experience (and depth) and accuracy/correctness matter a lot. Which is hard. And expensive. And hard to scale. The brain as an organ analogy doesn't also reflect the self-reflective, self-influencing, learning side of it well. A kidney doesn't remember the last time someone abused it and react reflexively when they see that person. It also doesn't tend to go into tight loops of racing thoughts about that person randomly either. If you treat it like it is a simple organ (x thing happens, give drug y), it can lead to some really toxic long term effects with avoidance of environmental or self regulatory issues, lack of awareness of what is going on and how to correct it, etc. I've seen it personally, and lost friends and loved ones to the effects a naive 'medical' approach can have. The reality, near as we can tell, is the brain is an organ, that in ways we don't understand is also part of what we call 'self', which is also part of the system of our body, which is also part of larger systems that we interact with and influence us. I don't know of any monks that, if you broke a leg, would say 'Meditate and your leg will be healed'. Most monks, if you had not yet gone to a Doctor to have it fixed, would ask you something along the lines of 'How can I help you?' to help you see the need and get you there, or ask you to sit with them so you could see the need yourself. It seems though that the point is made, right? Even 'good' approaches miss on what should be a clear 'whoa, are you sure?' type warning. There are a lot of footguns wandering around in C/C++ land. Ah, but that’s the tough part - there IS a measurable difference in behavior of the universe between these two examples! (albeit hard to experimentally prove exists, but it has been!) They really are in a superposition, not just ‘not known’ until one is measured. Just like light was proven to (truly, actually) be both a light and a wave through the double slit experiments. It doesn’t feel right, but it is - and that is where the progress is made, and why the pushback on some examples. It hides the actual truth behind a misleading, but easy to understand example, that teaches people the opposite of what is really going on. At that point you would need to decide what ‘copying’ is, exactly. Making a terrible VHS recording of a TV show would still be considered copying by most, even if none of the relative pixels ever matched. If a simulation exists, and there is evidence of it, then sure we could surmise that someone created the simulator - and would have some evidence of such? I think the parent poster was noting that it is a pretty fundamentally different argument than say, positing the existence of a creator, because we exist at all - and that said creator has certain specific requirements of us regarding what we do on Sundays, for instance, or with whom and when we have kids. Sure, using systems built from inside the system. In said theoretical world, they may have different constraints and physics after all. (Only kinda serious) Practically, the simulator theory may be testable, but probably not. Every religion I’ve run across is pretty clearly not okay to even test. So that’s progress maybe? Well, there are Simulationists which start going on wild flights of fancy about what said simulation creator intended/created it for, which yeah would start going into that territory pretty quickly. Seems like first you'd need to have some kind of falsifiable evidence that we were in a simulation first before jumping there? Plenty of folks trying to do that though, without falling into the first case. Personally it seems to have little to no real impact on anything I care about one way or another, so filed in the 'cute but who cares' bin. Not sure if we're confusing threads here - double slit experiments have been run on single photons and the results are pretty conclusive. Even a single photon is a wave that interferes with itself. I would expect similar here. Intuition is terrible at understanding what is going on at the atomic and smaller level, or anywhere relativistic anything is happening. If said beginning friendly IDE is used by only a couple percent of the ecosystem, it seems disingenuous to use it as proof this isn't a problem in this context? I’m definitely not moving any goalposts I know of! I thought the point I had been making, as had others, is that by default this is an easy footgun. There are all sorts of things that can be added on to all languages to help - if you know it’s a problem worth solving, etc. which is inevitably after you’ve footgunned yourself with it bad enough you felt the need to research how to prevent it. Other languages just do the safer thing (or most compilers By default warn at least about common footguns) more - which is the whole point of this thread? It’s truly a singularly unique and poorly understood organ which also is the only known organ trying to understand itself - which is my point. Saying ‘it’s just an organ’ dismisses and minimizes all the important parts. And the brain, just like many processors CAN and does work around damaged memory, and can and does work around damaged processors/bugs (depending on the nature and severity of them of course). Phineas Gage being one of the clearest recent examples, but there are many more. Minimizing what is going on to saying ‘it’s all chemical processes’ is really missing the point - it would be like saying a modern CPU is ‘just moving electrons around’. It’s reductio ad absurdum. I haven’t personally run across a Buddhist philosophy claiming knowledge of the way the brain works. I have run across Buddhist philosophy claiming to know how the universe works, which seemed pretty silly to me. I’ve also run across Buddhist philosophy aiming to provide tools to help people better understand and connect with it and themselves better, which I personally have found helpful. They can if the right conditions are met - see ‘arc flash’ Probably not. A lot of this land is in remote areas with no irrigation, steep, rocky, or otherwise difficult to manage. No one is interested in farming alfalfa on 25% slopes with rocks 6” under any topsoil and massive trees to clear before it would even be usable. Ground moves, especially in California. Sometimes it’s subsidence, sometimes landslides, sometimes it’s seismic related, sometimes it’s frost heave or the like. Properly studied and buried (with proper backfill) usually is protected, but big enough changes will cause problems. Throw in backhoes, erosion, etc. along with it being more expensive to fix when it does break, and overall it isn’t always guaranteed buried will be cheaper maintenance wise. Except no one wants to take the risk that the small fire becomes a huge one - or the smoke will aggravate someone’s asthma then next town over and get sued. Yes, that is a real reason I was quoted from a CalFire rep as to why they had to stop prescribed burns in a major fire risk area in the Sierra Foothills. It definitely explains a lot of what PG&E has done sometimes - maximum inefficiency and cost in some areas, incredibly (long term destructive) cheap in others. That is because of the way your connection is being dropped/what your router is doing. It’s sending reset messages back to your client telling it your connection is dead, instead of trying to resend your packets - which then succeed when the connection is back up. You’re underestimating the amount of space in space (sorry, couldn’t resist). Volume increases exponentially as diameter increases. I don’t think anyone would worry about 1800 or even 180000 things spread over the entire surface of the earth. We have billions of cars, and they mostly avoid running into each other. Even 100 miles up? Far, far more space - and a lot less ‘stuff’ to worry about too. They could pack a million satellites up there and basic traffic management would be more than enough to avoid collisions. And you need to support that for anything you have ON TOP of any migration work - which is huge, and also a similarly moving target Negotiating skills ARE useful engineering skills (as much as we would like to pretend otherwise), just not included in the typical skills bucket. Equal purely engineering skill no? There is more to bring an effective engineer than a coding metric While technically true, the office coffee costs more usually. It is generally just there, and no one usually is thinking of the costs, because it’s too small to care about. Thank you for the correction! That is indeed correct. It still happens that they get away from the firefighters sometimes [ https://wildfiretoday.com/tag/escaped-prescribed-fire/ ] With very high fuel loads, the consequences get worse as time progresses, and the odds of it happening get higher - at least without tons of manual shredding and other fuel work first, which is expensive, and what a prescribed fire should alleviate the need for. In the modern legal/liability environment, it’s tough to do - if you do the inexpensive thing (still expensive) like prescribed fires to reduce the catastrophic risk, you get sued. If you do the safer option (mastication, lop and scatter, etc) you can only touch tiny areas at a time - and the catastrophic risk rises. Logging can help, but it also requires management and care to not make the problem worse long term, and in many of these areas it’s a non-starter due to environmentalist pushback. Even if we ignore the cost in money, it delays things for decades sometimes - and by then it’s probably burned down. Let’s do some math and see. If we assume the earth is a sphere (I know it isn’t, but it’s mostly close), and using 4(pi)r^2, it’s about 511 million km2 in area on the surface (counting oceans, etc). Double checking, it’s actually about 507 million km2, so decently close. 4 * 3.1459 * (6378^2) Starlink is orbiting at 550km altitude (approx). At that altitude, we’re looking at… 4 * 3.1459 * (6928^2) = 603,977,365 km2 The thing to keep in mind about orbits is the defining factor is your eccentricity and velocity. Faster velocity == higher orbit, assuming it’s a round/circular orbit, that velocity will also be consistent. As long as everyone is going in the same direction and trying to maintain a circular orbit, you can stack orbits ‘on top’ of each other or put satellites quite close to each other just like planes do with flight levels. So even that number is misleading, as you could 10x that if you had decent traffic control. Even without that, you’re talking a density of 1 satellite per 600 square kilometers of space with a million satellites for a given ‘flight level’. The velocity matters a lot less than the relative velocity to other things you might be nearby - think of it like two cars going in lanes next to each other on the same ‘direction’ of a freeway, vs a free for all demolition derby with no traffic control, lanes, etc. If everyone is co-ordinated you can have problem free high density. If random stuff is happening, including people potentially trying to hit you - it’s going to be a mess. If everyone just does whatever and never co-ordinates, yeah someone is eventually going to run into someone else - but unless there are a LOT of satellites, the odds are low. With it being LEO, debris and dead satellites are also going to be a aerobraked pretty quickly. 1) That happens INCREDIBLY rarely right now 2) Many of these incidents are from people are also putting things in Lagrange points and Geosynchronous orbits, and similar 'crowded' areas of space - unlike these constellations. Think jostling for space in downtown Manhattan, vs being fine having a place in Kansas somewhere. 3) Right now it's mostly a demolition derby out there, with only minimal traffic handling/control and the occasional 'haha, I got you' intentional satellite explosion/missile test. As noted, even with all those factors, it is still incredibly rare. Only a tiny handful of problems have been tracked to orbital collisions with anything man made, and that is with us putting all sorts of things (including 'off the books' military top secret satellites, nuclear reactors, random bits of micro satellites, etc.) up there since the 50's. Months is pretty quick for this kind of thing - and remember, unless it gets energy from some kind of serious-delta-v impact (or other delta-V adding type of event like a high energy explosion), it will lose velocity and DROP in altitude if the orbit remains circular. If the orbit doesn't remain circular, especially at LEO, it will have to dip significantly into the atmosphere to get to a higher altitude at any point in it's orbit, meaning even faster degradation and burn-up. The reality is that it's huge up there, and if we do even basic thinking and planning on this to not do something obviously dumb (like tangential, perpendicular, or opposite direction orbits all over the place at the same level), it isn't likely to be a significant problem; just like it hasn't been a real (as in significant probability event) problem so far. Cosmic rays, high potential static build-up, magnetic storms, micrometeorites, etc. are just as big or more of a problem. They rarely cancel a mission or damage anything notable, but it isn't zero risk there either. Near as I can tell from people in the industry - people are being 10x worse than they were before, and they were pretty bad before. In clearly objective ways, like starting fights with other customers, starting fights with staff, etc. Covid tightened the screws on a lot of folks mentally, and it’s really clear which direction some people went. I’m sorry, that really doesn’t make any sense. There is several missing factors here, and it’s a useless metric. Lithium ion can do ‘100 hours’ as well - based on discharge rate. It can also do 10 minutes - based on discharge rate. 100 hours is literally useless on it’s own because it doesn’t tell you anything concrete. 100 hours….. of what? It looks like a classic science writing article where they left all the important units off, misunderstood the whole thing the audience was looking for, and made it all super confusing and pretty useless compared to an actual paper. You'll still be lucky to get 300-500 cycles out of them if you go down to 20% charge or so. A 'Normal' car battery can fail in 30-150 cycles if you do that, hence the 'deep cycle' part of it. Fine for a trolling motor, but if you're deep cycling them in a power system, that could kill them in a couple years. Usually you'll want to size them so you never go below 50% discharge on a normal basis. Huh, that is almost as ridiculous as using nameplate disk capacity units that sound the same, but are are different than the ones used and reported by the operating system. In your first comment you seemed to be talking right by the person, but I guess not. Thanks for the correction. Not the parent poster, but do have some familiarity here. Higher battery voltage == less copper, smaller wires for the same wattage. Sometimes also a bit more efficiency too (less resistance, smaller absolute voltage drop moving current around). Your units are a bit messed up load wise - is your computer running at 1 kWh per hour? For how long? (Yeah, that is confusing - but that would be the energy used to power a 220 volt, 4.5 amp load for an hour, every hour). One of the confusing things with some of these units is kWh is a measure of energy, even though it has a time component in the name (kWh can be directly converted to joules). It isn’t ACTUALLY a measure of power (aka energy over time), even thought it implies it is because it has ‘hour’ in the name. Power is energy over time. So you have an absolute number for storage (your battery in this example can store 2.1kWh of energy - 2.1kWH is equivalent in energy to 2100 watts drawn out over an hour). Your inverters, panels, chargers, etc. will be rated for a level of output POWER (energy over time) then will draw/convert that (say 4 or 8 kw) to/from the batteries. You can easily have an inverter that can draw down those batteries super fast (say will pull down 8kw continuous, so you’d get less than 15 minutes on that battery - if it doesn’t get damaged or explode), or one that draws power out slowly (say 200 watts max) to make it last 10 hours say. Same with your chargers, etc. You’re solar panels are almost certainly not rated in kWh, but kw- aka maximum instantaneous power they would be producing at any moment under ideal conditions, not aggregate energy they would be producing or storing over time. This is important because they don’t store power and actual energy production will depend on a lot of factors, like amount of time in the sun, etc. A great many people here have not. You also presumably were able to manage your own affairs, had a reputation and connections that meant you could get safe living quarters without being assaulted or having your stuff stolen, weren’t leaving dangerous biohazards around someone else needed to be paid to deal with - all of that adds up. It definitely does if your neighbor decides they need extra money and jacks up the rates and/or doesn’t like you anymore and shuts it off. Then it is whoever has the most self contained power wins. I don’t think anyone has, or should have, a reasonable expectation of privacy when there is a uniformed officer there - for exactly the reason you say, the plain sight exception, the fact officers are armed agents of the gov’t, etc. If they could see it (real or imagined) and arrest you for it, having a camera to prove if they could or could not even actually see it seems like a pretty reasonable safeguard! Russia has done it with natural gas in the last 10 years. The UK seemed like a great EU partner - until they weren’t. Things change and over the span of 10-20 years, things can change dramatically. The life span of many of these decisions is 30 years or more.