I think with iOS, even if you disable zooming, you still get that 300ms delay. A better solution would be to instead of listening to only click, listen to both click and doing interesting things with ontouchend. I recall implementing something like that a while ago, where when an element is touched (ontouchstart), I saved the X and Y coords of the touch, and when the user releases their finger (ontouchend), if the finger hasn't moved more than say 32 pixels, I fired the callback to whatever. Of course, you also need to do something to prevent triggering the event twice, but when done correctly, you get both nice quick click events and zooming. Well, the title says they stopped using Google analytics, and the article explained that they stopped using Google analytics, why they did it, and what they're doing instead. You may not find it interesting, but the title clearly reflects the content, so I'm not sure how it's click bait. I don't think it was meant as a complaint about Windows as much as it was an anecdote about icons vs text. You also obviously often want to slightly change the content of say a blog post, fixing typos or factual inaccuracies and such. Tracking down every old link and replacing it with an updated one would be a big undertaking. For $5/month, you can get a pretty great VPS at digital ocean; 512MB RAM, 20GB SSD, 1Gbit/s bandwidth with 1TB/month trabsfer, giving you root access to your own server. You also get your own IP address, instead of sharing IPs and using virtualhost hacks like those web hosts do. Been using them for a while now, works really well. "Your 32 completely random characters doesn't contain enough special symbols, and is thus insecure." Open the inspector (depending on your browser, but it's probably ctrl+shft+i), find the narrow element, and change its width, like this: https://d.mort.coffee/img/change-width.png That inspector is incredibly useful any time a website does something stupid and you just want to read the bloody content. I really doubt Apple will ever be big enough for many big game developers to consider making exclusives for Macs. They don't even sell any computers remotely targeted at games, and often sacrifice price and cooling for prettier design. Did you try to download the x86 build? If so, it's your fault. If they don't provide an arm build, or if you got the arm build, it's Mozilla's fault, not Debian's. It's like not putting a condom on your car. Sure, HIV might stick a hole in it, but I'd still use one. I kind of like doing comments like this: "#": " my comment" Linux? But he was talking about OS X... It would literally need just one frame to see and store all available information in said frame. This means that in just a few frames, it could jump around the entire map and get a complete overview of what's available. It could easily be abstracted away, meaning the AI has access to a complete view of the map from its point of view, provided by a relatively simple conventional piece of software which just now and then jumps across the entire map and processes the images. It's thus not really an interesting problem to solve in this context, just a minor annoyance. It's a huge difference between clicking on a random facebook.com.totallynotphishing.com link, and being on the legitimate facebook.com and having that tab automatically go to a phishing site while you're not looking. So something _has_ changed in other words. You used to implicitly trust Yubikey's word that they put the publicly available source code on their devices, just like now, but you used to also be able to verify their code such that you could be fairly sure that if the trust in the company is warranted, their product is fairly secure, or more importantly, find security issues in their code. Higher level languages generally being slower than lower level languages has been documented for decades. That only mentions using their API, not reverse engineering the algorithm. Why even bother to learn programming if you can't use it to automate common tasks? How many people play call of duty? Overwatch? Battlefield? Skyrim? Not the majority of people, but a hell of a lot of people still. If people really wanted parsing directives, they could just say that keys starting with # and their values are parsing directives - e.g: { "#if": "parserversion > 1.5", "key": "somevalue", "#else": "", "key": "othervalue" } Thought I also don't really see any reason to include parsing directivesin JSON. That's not even the tone-deafest part though. What really made me cringe is his heartfelt follow-up, "that's really really sad!" How about the second largest desktop OS in the world, OS X (or now macOS)? That's BSD. The language is entirely uninteresting; what's interesting is what the runtime allows you to do. Browsers purposefully don't allow you to create raw TCP connections, yet JavaScript can in many other contexts (e.g node.js) create raw sockets perfectly fine. This. I personally agree with everyone saying const > let, but I just don't find myself caring enough about it to add the inconvenience of typing 5 characters instead of 3 every time I need to create a variable. Wouldn't it have been easier to use the C# JSON parser, and then later walk the tree it creates and convert it into a more sane data structure that way? Remember, it's PHP. Code will be running again on the next request. Only the process (or thread or whatever) handling the request with the invalid JSON crashes, and it only crashes after producing a persistent session; the next request, a different process/thread/whatever will run code, but the session from the previous request still exists. It's not about working hard to minimize typing, it's more about not wanting to switch from a state of little typing to a state of more typing. Also, it has nothing to do with optimization; I don't think there exists a single person who uses "let" over "const" because of performance reasons. I also don't think anyone uses "let" over "const" because they think it improves code quality. Unless the people making the cable decided to put their logo on top and the USB symbol on the bottom. I have one such cable from belkin. That example is about conveying the information verbally to another human, so syllables is interesting, not characters. "h h h h h h h h h h" is 10 syllables, "10 tosses, all heads" is 4 (and could be compressed further to "10 heads"). JavaScript lets you listen for multi touch events just fine with touch starts, ends, and moves, and lets you keep track of each finger separately. What gestures would it not be possible to implement with that? I switched to iOS this christmas. One of the first things I did was try to google something, get infuriated by the crappy AMP user experience, get even more infuriated there was no way to disable it anywhere, and switch to DDG. I'm an individual, not a company. I make web pages. Lots of other individuals also make web pages. It's not like only companies make websites and consumers only use websites. Maybe, I don't know. My point was that Google fucking with the web doesn't only affect companies. Even if there's vastly more company websites than personal websites, there's a vast number of personal websites too. I see you have never wanted to link someone to an AMP page. You also somehow didn't notice that there's a huge useless bar at the top of the page. Firefox' non-developer version is also getting more locked down. I had to change to it from the regular version when I couldn't use the extension I have written for myself anymore, because Mozilla removed the option to install unsigned extensions. What kind of mental gymnastics are you talking about? HTTP/2 is faster than HTTP/1. In practice, HTTP/2 requires TLS. Therefore, in practice, to get higher performance, you can achieve better performance with HTTPS than with HTTP. Java also has the problem of long startup times while the JIT is doing its thing. Javascript has always just started executing right away. Waiting a minute or two for a Java loading bar wasn't fun. Multi threaded programming man. I've lots of times had a bug which just sometimes occurs, and the easiest way to reproduce it is to just run the exact same program with the same inputs over and over until it randomly decides to not work. I find it hard to take powershell seriously, considering last time I tried using it for anything, I just wanted to quickly download something over http. Looked for something like 'wget ' online, the only results I found was something like multiple verbose lines of instantiating an http client and calling methods on it. That's fine for a programming language, completely horrible for an everyday shell, from the perspective of someone who generally only uses Firefox and a terminal emulator in Linux. After some googling just now, it seems like there's now an Invoke-WebRequest command, but that too looks like a hell of a lot of typing compared to Linux shells. There's also the fact that lots of stuff in windows wasn't designed to be accessible through the cli. You can't, for example, make a powershell script to toggle an audio output device on and off, as that's only available through the GUI. That's better than letting it get swallowed, but in my experience is pretty terrible still, as it often just results in a stack trace where your code literally doesn't exist at all. In a somewhat big project, just having a vague error message without as much as a line number is hell. Limiting a comment's length to 140 characters sounds pretty shitty, especially if your content will be content suited for longer in-depth replies. the nice thing about standards is that you don't have to make sure the script runs in a billion different shells. You just have to make sure your code is POSIX compatible, and all of a sudden, all POSIX compatible shells will interpret it just fine! Isn't that fantastic? The file size increase will continue to be an issue for a long time. As hard drive space started becoming cheap enough for PCs, people started wanting their songs on phones and MP3 players, where the storage was still expensive. As phones are now starting to get cheap enough internal storage for the flac file size not to matter, people are starting to stream music, where the file size is again important, as people are streaming music through cellular, where the price per gigabyte is still high. Maybe, once most people, even in the third world, have unlimited data plans, music file sizes will stop mattering. Or maybe we will have moved on to something else entirely where big files is still an issue. Maybe people will want to stream music from earth to space stations or lunar bases, I don't know. That assumes the only sites you want to use SSL with is sites with a web root. Many sites use python's flask or node.js or similar, where you instead have an http server running on a high port, then proxy requests to certain domains to those ports. Such a script won't work with a setup like that. > Nothing stops you from running a CA that offers 1 year certs over ACME. Or just providing one that also offers 90 day certs. If people will trust that CA is another question. You know that's BS. All of your users would get certificate errors, that's what's preventing you from running your own CA. The issue here doesn't seem that a data center went down, but that there was a bug which caused downtime. Google's broken AMP crap is what made me switch to duckduckgo on iOS. I don't know if it's the same in bash, but at least in zsh, "git branch " and "b " have the exact same result, if b is aliased to "git branch"; the first tab fills in the name of the branch, another lets me select a commit, and further tabs are command line options. You might also be interested in this function from my zshrc: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/f078de8890461d247af45... Basically, if you're in the directory `~/something/src/projectname/foo/com/something/bar/baz`, and want to get back up to say `~/something/src/projectname/foo`, `to foo` will do that. (Or `to oo` or `to o`; it matches the end of the name, and goes to the first match; `to ing` would go to `~/something/src/projectname/foo/com/something`). Why is there an annoying "open in app" button covering the content? it's just text and pictures, my web browser handles that just fine. If I want to open it in an app, I can open it in pocket. Who is talking about ultimate truths? Science is about doing observations and trying to figure out what models explain the observations best, not finding some mystical ultimate truth. I would also be interested in a citation, but it does make sense; if tracking dots is well known (which they are), and it was easy to circumvent by just removing yellow toner, anyone somewhat technically adept would just remove their toner before printing their illegal documents. Firstly, there's no requirement to read other unrelated threads before commenting in this thread. Secondly, what's more relevant: Siri, Cortana, and Alexa, or random assistants on the Play store? (I'm ignoring Google Assistant, as that's named after a company, not a male or female). To be clear, I don't think it matters whether assistants are named after males or females, I just thought your comment was needlessly dismissive. Had you provided a link to the other hacker news thread[s] and not been as aggressive, your comment would have had much more value. Others, like JS and Lua, just use doubles, meaning they'll never overflow - instead every 2 numbers start to be considered equal. Then a while after that every 4, etc. Not exactly optimal behavior when using incrementing IDs. I don't like the goto fail thing being discussed as an example of goto being evil. If they had used the other common pattern - returning -1 on failure - instead of the pattern they used, their code would look like this: if (a) return -1; if (b) return -1; return -1; if (c) return -1; return 0; And literally the exact same issue would occur, even though goto wasn't used. You don't need ifs either, just conditional goto. Well, that guy was right to be worried. Apple made extremely successful consumer products, but where are their servers? You could rightly argue that it's better for apple to focus on other stuff than servers, but it most definitely wasn't better for the people who depended on their server hardware and software. Isn't a lot of the "4k" in consoles really just rendering at a lower resolution and upscaling? And even if you don't use those, denounce takes about 4 lines to write. WebRTC for the browser is poorly documented, but try their C++ library. The documentation is _literally_ "it's open source, to look st headers in the api/ directory". Just look at this: https://webrtc.org/native-code/native-apis/ - a couple of high level diagrams, and links to headers. It wasn't originally, but twitter over SMS hasn't been relevant for a long time now. They definitely would have gone away from the 140 char restriction if they thought it would have made their service better. So... no ISO standard is really free or open, just drafts which may or may not be similar? That sounds kind of shitty. A lot of stuff works amazingly well when you're on the same wifi network as the development server and use a top of the line iPhone 7. I assume most "usability testing" from such websites are done like that. I do? The problem for me is that i3 is only a part of the puzzle. I use sxhkd for a bunch of hotkeys; that has to be replaced. I use xdotool _a lot_, and I don't know if such functionality is even possible in wayland. I use scoot heavily, both as a way to screenshot from a hotkey (presumably easy to replace?) and as part of scripts; my script which locks the computer uses scrot, imagemagick and i3lock. There's probably a bunch of other small things in my system which will break by not having an X server too. Who said anything about UB? You can easily fuck up a parallel program in a nondeterministic may without UB. If two threads are in a deadlock, each waiting for the other thread to release a resource it needs, nobody cares that it wasn't caused by UB. I use i3wm's `bindsym` for stuff that's related to window management, like moving around windows, resizing them, moving windows or focus to workspaces, etc. Other stuff, like volume control, screenshots (print screen -> take screenshot, upload to a web server, put URL in clipboard), mouse movement (with xdotool), etc. is handled through sxhkd. There's no reason I couldn't just use bindsym for all of that, but now non-windowing hotkeys is not coupled with the WM, so I could choose to switch window manager and still have all non-WM hotkeys work. Here's my git repository with all dotfiles and such: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf I use i3wm (well, i3-gaps) as the WM. Xdotool is just used to move the cursor with hotkeys: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/7c12d4215c703de0c6935... , scrot is used both for a print screen button (scrot takes the picture, then it's copied to my server with scp, and the URL is put in the clipboard: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/master/bin/mshot ) and for i3lock (scrot takes the picture, imagemagick pixelates, i3lock shows it: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/master/bin/mlock ). I also have a project called dedaemon: https://github.com/mortie/dedaemon . That uses udev to listen to events, like displays or input devices being connected or disconnected, and does a preconfigured to them. I for example have these lines, which sets the resolution and frame rate to any connected monitor to the highest possible, and positions it to the left of the primary monitor: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/7c12d4215c703de0c6935... . I imagine porting that functionality to wayland would be really hard, and probalby require writing custom extensions to each window manager separately. There's also this other project I have, which isn't really related to wayland, but which I still feel is relevant: mmenu - https://github.com/mortie/mmenu . It just makes dmenu work as a calculator, running the input through python if it doesn't match a program in your $PATH, plus some other features. One thing I don't really like about that site is that it gives browsers worse scores for not unblocking third parties which promise to honor do not track. Surely you're more safe when you don't trust anyone instead of trusting that third parties which honor DNT actually honor it. It kind of reeks of pushing an agenda, which would have been okay (it's the EFF after all) if the tool didn't claim to score your browser on how well it protects you from tracking. I absolutely hate that you can't have unused variables in Go, or that you can't have unreachable code in Go or Java. It makes the already tiresome work of debugging significantly more frustrating. How are you supposed to make data structures which work with any type without void pointers in C? Every since the last patch there has been a bug where if person A of one team takes down a gym and puts in a pokemon, person B of the same team has to wait half an hour before they can put in their pokemon, getting a "The gym is under attack!" error message before those ~30 minutes. The one core gameplay feature, taking down gyms together with one or more friends, has been broken for almost two weeks. The incompetence is staggering. There are workarounds (everyone have to insert their pokemon at the exact same time), but that's besides the point. That looks pretty interesting. stole the idea and made something similar in bash: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/master/bin/mousetree , with hotkeys configured with sxhkd: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/d87f241963edc49a57171... I don't know about A, I just know it's far too long to just hang around and wait, but regarding B: I'm certain that when my brother and I have taken over a gym together, both present in the fight, and one have put in a pokemon before the other, the other can't insert a pokemon because "The gym is under attack". It's not useful in shipped code, and absolutely should be a warning, but it's incredibly useful while creating the program or debugging. I'm far from an expert on the topic, but I'm pretty sure APFS does a lot of global locking, which would definitely explain at least some of that. There's not really such a thing as "gaining unauthorized access to the salt" when you already have the hash; the salt is just as secret as the hash, and the hash is useless as a means of authentication without the salt, so obtaining the hash, unauthorized or not, generally also means you obtain the salt. Libraries for algorithms like scrypt even usually give you one string which contains both a random salt and a hash. You can regenerate a rainbow table which uses that salt, but you'd have to generate a rainbow table for every password, since each password has its own random salt. I don't know how rainbow tables work exactly, but I'd assume an old fashioned brute force attack or dictionary attack is cheaper than making a rainbow table for each password. I just noticed now, 4 days late, that I wrote APFS but meant HFS+. Sorry. You can't figure out how to set >1x speed? On the playback screen, there's one button in each of the bottom corners; bottom right lets you set a sleep timer, bottom left has a whole bunch of settings, including playback speed. Well, the easiest way to protect against it is making sure an attacker doesn't know your wifi password. This isn't necessarily only about copyright infringement (though it's definitely that too). If some of the source code on your machine contain sensitive information, like API keys, database passwords, etc. Legally, the word "theft" isn't only used when one party loses anything; a victim of identity theft doesn't lose their identity, yet we don't call it "identity infringement". I'm not familiar enough with US law to know for sure, but it wouldn't surprise me if the word "theft" is used somewhere for obtaining sensitive information without permission. Are you serious? Eich wrote it for Netscape in 10 days. If you want to blame anyone, blame those at Netscape who only gave him a week and a half. He did a phenomenal job given the situation. Fuck Kite. This is obvious damage control after the backlash of their severe betrayal of the open source community. They’re not sorry they did what they did; they're sorry they got caught. The title “Staying Open” is so full of BS it hurts. Yes, and the parent comments are talking about a way to make it possible to compile all the shaders on startup instead of in the middle of the game. Longer loading times > stuttering. What are you trying to argue? Can't people on the Internet both enjoy telling someone they're wrong, _and_ be interested in someone saying they were wrong, at the same time? I've been doing a lot of low-ish level programming with video hardware on an embedded system. I mmap a buffer, which gives direct access to the hardware. I trust that the driver reports the correct size of the buffer, and that the hardware puts the bits in that buffer in the way its spec promises. How the fuck do you formally prove any of that? I can prove that my software, for example, moves bits from offset x to offset y in the buffer correctly, but how do I prove that it makes sense to move those bits in that way? Or that I have interpreted the driver's documentation correctly, or the v4l2 API correctly, or that the hardware or driver does what it says it does? Keep in mind that this is C++ of course, so there's no mathematically rigorous type system; I just have a uint8_t pointer to a place in memory. I can potentially lay down a bunch of assumptions, and prove that, given those assumptions, my program acts correctly. However, most of the bugs arise from incorrect assumptions. One concrete example: When feeding pixel data to the onboard hardware h264 encoder's driver, after having set a resolution of 1920x1080, the resulting h264-encoded frame will be displayed in a h264 decoder with a resolution of 1920x1080. This turned out to be wrong, because the hardware can only deal with blocks of size 16x16, so the width and height must be a multiple of 16, and the driver isn't smart enough to add the necessary metadata to make a decoder crop it, so there's 8 green (because YCbCr) pixels on the bottom of the video. The solution to this is to manually splice the h264 bitstream, to insert my own metadata which has the correct cropping. How the fuck do you formally prove any of that? Just getting YouTube red is a great solution - for those two or so countries where it's available. Most of us here in the non-US part of the world don't really have that option. To be fair, you would also not say “My favorite subjects are games”; there’s only one subject, called “games”, even though the word “games” is a plural form of “game”. I can’t really come up with a situation where you would want to refer to multiple “mathematicses”; it kind of just is something ethereal, not a _thing_ where it makes sense to refer to one or many. Developed, yes, but in general, your build system bundles it all up into one javascript file which is sent to the browser. Even if you don't bundle the javascript, all the code has to be sent to the browser anyways, just over multiple HTTP requests instead of one. Does that mean that a "compiler" which outputs the WebAssembly text format, relying on other tools to convert that to the WASM binary format, is a transpiler? XKCD related to the topic: https://www.xkcd.com/1860/ How about this definition? A compiler is anything which takes an input and produces some kind of executable code. That "executable code" might be machine code, bytecode, another intermediate language (i.e WASM text, JavaScript, C, etc.), or whatever. A transpiler is a form of a compiler which could be implemented as a parser + pretty printer; something where the semantics match an existing language, instead of having a complete "code generator". CoffeeScript is a good example of that, and so would for example a language which interpret Python code with braces and insignificant indentation, and outputs Python code without braces but with correct indentation. One problem with this definition is that the C preprocessor would fall into the compiler category, because it produces C code. Maybe it would make sense to amend the definition of compiler to exclude macro languages; or maybe it would makes ense to include them in the overall compiler category and give them their own subcategory like transpilers. What happens in 2038? I hope you're never representing those 32 bits of UNIX timestamp as a signed integer anywhere. If you're making sure to always keep it unsigned, what happens in year 2106? EDIT: I'm not criticizing you, and a valid counter argument would be that you make absolutely sure to always store the timestamp unsigned, that it doesn't need to work until 2106 because it's a toy project, or that an overflow wouldn't really matter because you make sure to keep it unique even after an overflow, but I get scared any time storing a UNIX timestamp in 32 bits is mentioned, and am wondering if you've considered it. That sounds like a pretty interesting code golf-ish challenge actually, would attempt if I had more than 3% battery on my laptop atm :( The iPhone 4 was actually the only iPhone with a number which coincided with the generation; before it, there was 2G, then 3G, then 3GS, then 4. If anything, the 3GS should’ve been called the iPhone 3, but they’ve been pretty clear from the start that the name doesn’t really reflect a simple incrementing version number. FaceTime was also going to become an open standard which everyone could use... Here’s hoping though. Well yeah, weren't a lot of the broken systems big cobol systems from that era? You never know what software ends up being still used for critical systems 20 years down the road, so it's stupid to knowingly make a new system which is guaranteed to break in 20 years. That said, it sounds like this guy has thought about it, and is making sure to use all 32 bits to store the timestamp. Definitely this. When I was using an iPhone, it was for all intents and purposes locked behind my thumbprint (even though you could theoretically make a model thumb with my fingerprint and unlock it, it protects from everything other than highly skilled criminals/governments who very specifically target me). Now that I have a Galaxy S5, there's no way I'm writing in a passcode every time I unlock it (and that horrible "fingerprint scanner" is not a replacement for Touch ID), so it's just unlocked. I mean, I know you're joking, but it's not really the case. Before Touch ID, you had to either leave your phone always unlocked, or have a pass code/word. Those options are still available, there's just two additional ways now with Touch/Face ID, so they haven't gotten less usable for non-humans, just more usable for humans. How about a big helmet? I imagine snowboarders/alpine skiers/motorcyclist will have to take off the helmet to unlock. As someone who goes snowboarding in the winter, it sounds really annoying to not only have to remove a glove, but also the helmet, to unlock the phone (or unlock with a passcode, which is still a downgrade from using the fingerprint). Some person working at Google didn't know or care about Android? It doesn't seem all too unlikely that while he personally didn't care, his corporate overlords told him to work within the constraints of Android. You'd still have escape sequences for those cases. I didn't know it was in 2009. I don't think it would've been too unlikely if he started it in, say, 2014. Neither novelity nor lack of prior art are requirements for getting a patent, it seems. If a patent has prior art, or is incredibly obvious, that might help your case in court if you're getting sued, but if you're an individual or small company getting sued for patent infringement by a company with an army of lawyers, you've already lost. An argument I've read is that MIT and BSD are widely understood to give an implicit patent grant, and Facebook's explicit grant overrides the implicit one, and Facebook's is more restrictive than the implicit one because you lose that patent grant if you ever try to sue Facebook. Also, IANAL, so I may be entirely wrong. Is there _any_ technology that isn't covered by some patent? I would imagine virtually every library we use unknowingly infringes on dozens of patents. Firefox really has been slowly getting faster for a while; especially with Firefox 54, I no longer felt as if I was taking a significant performance hit as the price for not using Chrome. Firefox 55 got even a bit faster, but still was not quite as fast as Chrome. However, the recent changes in Nightly (Firefox 57), which now landed in the developer edition, really was a huge leap forward in performance. I encourage you to try out Nightly now ( https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/channel/desktop/ ). I’m not promising that it’ll be faster than Chrome, but it just might be fast enough now. I'm a professional software developer (well, "professional"; I have a part time programmming job next to studies), where I program in C++, compiling with GCC. I have never read GCC's manual. Expecting newcomers to read the 18 thousand lines of man page before trying to make a program isn't reasonable. Of course, the man page is a great resource for looking things up, but I can't imagine many people sit down with GCC's man page and actually read it through. Interestingly, when the shell expands * , it won't do anything to make sure files starting with - are handled properly. This means, if you're in a directory with the files a, b, -rf, and the directories foo/ and bar/, running "rm * " will not delete all the files and keep all the directories; instead it will be turned into "rm a b bar foo -rf", meaning it will delete all the files and directories except for the file -rf. Actually, when I just want to test something silly, I often just go to ~, make a file test.c or something, write the short test program, and run `gcc -o test test.c`. It's not that rare to have videos in your home directory, and if I had one named a.out, and forgot the -o option, it'd get overwritten. Not saying it's remotely likely, just saying that having video files in a program's source tree isn't the only way it could happen :) I still hear people talking about ExpertsExchange. Usually accompanied with a joke about their name; ExpertSexChange. Things I have experienced when finding an SO question from Google: * The question is closed as a duplicate, but the question it's a duplicate of is subtly different enough to be completely irrelevant to me. * The question is closed as a dupilcate, but there's no link to what it's a duplicate of. * The question is closed as a duplicate, but there are no good answers to the question it's a duplicate of. Even if 100ms delay wasn’t noticeable, my peak writing speed is over 10 characters per second. Every character which comes less than 100ms after the previous one adds some delay, and I can imagine you end up writing for a bit, then stop and wait as the computer types 10 characters per second trying to catch up with you. I have an XPS 13 from 2015, the full HD variant, running Linux. For the most part, it's a great machine, and I have no noticable coil while. However, since I always code with a black terminal window and bright text, I'm very affected by that dynamic backlight bullshit. I can't comfortably code if there's a lot of sunlight in the room (not to mention being outside on a sunny day). It's really quite annoying. Nope, it's in Firefox too at least. If they had just fixed the stupid bugs (like ctrl+backspace inserting a square instead of deleting a word, or not supporting LF to terminate lines), Notepad would be a pretty great editor when you just want a very simple plain text file. About that first issue: both Explorer and Notepad, and probably a bunch more, insert a square instead of deleting a word when pressing ctrl+backspace. I just don't understand why Microsoft doesn't fix that kind of bullshit, and instead leave it in for decades. It's the same thing with cmd.exe; instead of improving it, they've left it in the exact same broken state since (probably before, but at least including) Windows XP, and instead of fixing the issues with it, created a whole new shell. But... to be sent, the file is recreated a bunch of times right? Because a computer only ever copies, and never “moves”, right? How can it then possibly matter whether the 0b file was recreated by a computer from the instruction of copying the file (which then just turns into an instruction to create the file), or if it was created directly through instructing the computer to create the file? Gah, something something colored bits. http://ansuz.sooke.bc.ca/entry/23 I interpreted "provide a set of files for a court case" as some form of sending it either through the Internet or to some portable storage media. He also said "The client insisted we find and copy the original empty file from the original media", which also indicates that. I therefore intended "move" to mean "move from one storage media/computer to another". You're of course correct that if you "move" a file on one file system, the bits won't actually be copied (or moved) anywhere. > The systematic and planned extermination of an entire group. Sure, technically it only applies to an ethnic/political/racial/etc group of humans, but it's not _that_ far-fetched to apply it to the systematic and planned extermination of an entire group of software (in this case Firefox add-ons). I, on the other hand, having grown up with mostly playing games at 60 FPS (the PS2 ran the games I played at 60 FPS, back when console games prioritized gameplay over looking pretty in screenshots), and have moved on the 144 FPS on PC, find the 24 FPS used in cinemas to feel agonizingly choppy. Especially when there’s a big sweeping paniramic shot. It sometimes takes me out of the experience. I really liked the 48 FPS when watching the hobbit movies. Alexa definitely flows a bit better than Hey Siri, but being Norwegian, I find the phrase "ok google" to be almost comical. My mouth just can't make the sounds quick enough for it to not sound ridiculous. Hey Siri and Alexa both flow comparably very well. Say that your opinion is correct, and every web developer agrees with it. What could web developers do about it? The gaps you are talking about in vanilla JS does exist, so until they're plugged, web devs would still prefer to use these frameworks until the standard bodies and browser vendors make a better alternative. Web Components might be the solution, but it's not exactly ready yet: https://caniuse.com/#search=components Wheezy is supported until the end of May 2018, so it still gets security patches. I'm not sure if anyone has ever claimed that open source is a guaranteed protection against every security bug. Besides, this wasn't a security bug, was it? It corrupted the filesystem, it didn't give anyone else any undesired access did it? Can you link to anyone at all on Hacker News claiming that cryptocurrencies should be based on proof of planting a tree, or were you making a strawman argument? dmenu is so refreshingly simple. There's no attempt at being clever, no attempt at using “AI” to figure out what you mean; it just does a stupid deterministic search and lists the results alphabetically. There’s exactly zero chance for it to suddenly incorrectly second guess your command. My only gripe about it was that it would’ve been useful to be able to write math expressions in it like you can in Spotlight... so I made a wrapper script which adds that :) https://github.com/mortie/mmenu It's basically what Digital Ocean's droplets cost: https://www.digitalocean.com/pricing/ $5/mo for 0.5G, $10/mo for 1G, $20/mo for 2G. All the standard droplets, except for the 3G for $15/mo one, make you pay $10 more per gigabyte. Both Vultr and Linode seem to offer twice the amount of RAM per dollar though. I imagine most people interested in hosting their own minecraft server has some old laptop or desktop lying around. It's a very inexpensive hobby to just install linux on them and run a minecraft server there. If the power bill is a concern, the computer wouldn't even have to be on 24/7; if it's just a server you and friends play on, it would be perfectly acceptable to just boot the computer whenever you want to play together. No, it's just 3G for $15/month, so that one particular plan takes $5 per gigabyte like Vultr and Linode. That isn't to say it isn't a nice deal though. I’m not convinced anyone unfamiliar would likely fail. A pretty obvious solution is to just have a list of all nodes you’ve been to, and check if the current node is in that list. Not the most optimal solution, but one I’d imagine a lot of decent programmers would be able to come up with. Not saying it’s a good interview question, just that most good programmers shoukd be able to come up with some form of answer if they understand linked lists. My impression has been that the way bands make money is not from selling their music, because the record company takes most of that money, but rather from going on tours and selling people expensive tickets to experience something which is fundamentally impossible to experience through piracy. It's called an analogy. My biggest issue with Apple routers is that you _need_ an Apple device to do anything with them. I have an AirPort Extreme, and while I'm not opposed to having Apple devices, I also don't exclusively buy from them, but rather what I deem to be the best product for my purposes at the time of purchase. That currently means an iPhone, an iPad, and a Dell laptop running Linux, but has in the past included both Apple laptops and Android phones and tablets. Because of my choice of router, I need to make sure that I always have at least one Apple device, preferably as a main device for convenience (because running a server means I need to mess with ports now and then). A simple web interface would've solved this. They could still have their own app to make it just as user friendly for people who don't have an Apple device immediately at hand. I will likely never buy a Mac again becauss I absolutely need Linux, and they're making their Macs worse and worse for Linux. I plan to eventually replace my need for a tablet with one of those Dell XPS convertible machines with a touch screen. That means there will come a time when I need to choose between letting the router be a factor in what phone I buy, or get a new, non-Apple router, and that kinda sucks. I have used that a tiny bit in the past (many years ago), and while not great, it works. However, it's abandoned, with the most recent version being released in 2012, and only officially supports Windows 7. Besides, the only system I have with Windows is my gaming desktop, and that's only runnin Windows because there's a couple of games I play which don't support Linux. My laptop runs Linux, and while it's not running Overwatch, my gaming desktop is running Linux. I think a more likely solution is to just keep an iOS device around while router is in use. Well, it's not a feature. You can both provide official firmware over HTTPS (or provide checksums for them, or both), and let people flash custom firmware, at the same time. That is entirely my issue with it too. They said that creators would start getting almost all of the pledged money instead of just a share of it; what they "forgot" to mention is that this is purely because they redefined what a pledge means. They silently redefined it from "the amount of money I pay per month" to "the amount of money I pay per month minus fees". Creators would get more money of course, but purely because all patreons would start paying more money. They didn't mention that either. Even then, who chose the chipset? I'm looking at this Intel CPU: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/products/processors/... That claims to support up to 32GB memory, and it claims to support, among other things, LPDDR3-1866. Are you saying that if you want to use LPDDR3-1866 with that CPU, you're limited to only 16GB? I can't find anything about that through some quick googling, but if it's true, I retract my snarky comment. How about this beefier mobile CPU, which supports up to 64GB RAM? Maybe they'd have needed to make some of their pro laptops a bit less thin, but they are _Pro_ laptops after all. https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/products/processors/... Also, I wish Intel would just list the maximum supported memory configuration for each memory type, instead of just having a worthless "(depending on memory type)". Anonymized data generally is not very anonymous. You can only trust that data is actually anonymous if there exists no non-anonymous dataset with which you can cross reference the anonymized data, and you can guarantee that no such database will ever exist. I'm willing to bet that many "anonymized" datasets are of the kind which could relatively easily be deanonymized, especially datasets which are frivolously used to make ads "funny". Well, putting it in reverse with the engine off but with electronics on would potentially let us rule out anything related to sound from the engine, and would mean it's more likely something related to electromagnetic waves or something else coming from the onboard electronics. I just responded to my parent comment's premise: > what is harmful about using anonymised data this way? Whether it's harmful to use such data when it's not anonymous is a different discussion. Some (many?) ISPs block forwarding of port 80 specifically. I have a third party router as my main router, with the ISP provided modem/router/wireless AP box in bridge mode, because I can't forward port 80 through the web interface of my ISP's router. Also, port forwarding is _hard_. It might not seem like it to us more experienced people, but it's a problem that's not very googlable because there's a billion different admin interfaces for routers, and they all do it differently enough that you have to understand what you're doing, not just follow a guide, to port forward. In contrast, if it was possible to make some simple software which regular people could install on their personal PC, and then they got a WYSIWYG website editor, and that software handled all hosting gave the user a link (ip address) to their website which they could send to friends, I imagine a lot more people would experiment with web publishing. Obviously, in order to run a site 24/7 on a dedicated server with its own domain would still be prohibitively hard for many people, but people would've at least been able to experiment and play with hosting their own simple website which they can share with friends. What makes you think he failed to notice the word "white"? Well, say you're writing code to interface with a mostly undocumented hardware h264 video encoder. Partly through spotty documentation about general use of the video4linux system, partly through that one piece of example code which exists to interface with the particular encoder, you make something which, if given a buffer of a raw I420 video frame, produces a buffer of encoded h264 video frame. Now, you figure out that the decoder which will decode the video expects the video stream to look different (specifically: the encoder produces only one picture parameter set and sequence parameter set at the beginning of the stream, but the decoder only understands the video if every key frame contains its own copy of the PPS and SPS). After a mix of reading source code and talking to people online, you figure out that there's an (undocumented) way to configure the encoder to include a PPS and SPS with every key frame. You figure that this is really something which must be specified by the h264 specification, so either the decoder is breaking the specification, or the hardware's encoder is; but at the end of the day, it's your fault if the encoded video isn't displayed on the receiver. Then, you figure out that while you're trying to encode 1920x1080 video, the encoder is only able to encode 16x16 chunks, so the output image is actually 1920x1088. This isn't documented anywhere, but after speaking with the person who wrote the driver for the hardware encoder in IRC, you learn that there's no way to make the driver handle it properly, at least not yet. Therefore, you extract the picture parameter set produced by the encoder, make some changes to have it include information about how the picture should be cropped by the decoder, and splice the modified PPS into the buffer for the encoded frame. That is what I've been doing at work (with some modifications; the above example is derived from working with two separate hardware video encoders). Even if it was possible to obtain exact documentation on how the encoders worked, sitting down and thinking really hard about how to describe the problem mathematically before writing the code would've been really hard, but because nothing really is documented, I will go so far as to claim it's impossible. I never understood how or why patenting math is a thing. How do you differentiate between math and the "application of math"? That page claims to be docs for OpenSSL. Is that incorrect? If it actually is docs for OpenSSL and not for LibreSSL, where's the LibreSSL-specific docs gbrown_ was talking about? > Ads targeted at women almost universally target their vulnerabilities in subtle ways That's who mentioned subtle. Ad blockers generally _don't_ block acceptable ads. Acceptable ads, by my definition, are ads which are hosted by the website owner and doesn't include spyware; even a small banner ad from a third party ad platform is not acceptable, because regardless the size of the third party ad, it's part of the ad company's surveillance program. Ads which take the form of an tag pointing to an image hosted on the same domain, aren't blocked (at least in my experience). There's a very, very fine line between an elegant solution and an ugly hack. Meltdown, ...maybe. I personally doubt it will be fixed in Coffee Lake, as that's probably too far along the pipeline for such big silicon changes in my (unprofessional) opinion. I would therefore assume that Meltdown won't be fixed before Cannonlake, the generation after Coffe Lake. If you don't need a new computer for a while, it might be worth waiting for Cannonlake and hope Meltdown gets fixed by then. This would let you avoid the performance hit from syscalls caused by the patches which fix Meltdown. It might also seem like just getting an AMD CPU instead of an Intel one would let you avoid the Meltdown performance hit, because AMD claims their CPU is not vulnerable to it, and the Meltdown paper says that they didn't get it to work with AMD CPUs, though the people behind the paper didn't seem to be 100% sure that there is no way to do a similar attack on AMD CPUs. Spectre is a different beast. I imagine that one will take significantly longer to fix; from what I understand, the issue is pretty fundamental to branch prediction and speculative execution, which is a big reason why CPUs are fast. Also, since that issue applies to everyone and not just Intel, I imagine Intel will be less focused on fixing it since there's less bad PR directed specifically at Intel for that. I personally wouldn't expect it to be fixed within some years. I'd love if someone more knowledgable about CPU design would correct me if I'm wrong or clarify something. My day dream for fixing Spectre is as follows: Basically double the amount of L1 cache (where the second half doesn't need to be as fast as actual L1 cache), make only the first half usable as cache. When an instruction the CPU speculatively executes an instruction which would replace the content in its L1 cache, first copy the existing content to the second, usually unused, half, and _then_ replace the content of the first half with the new data. Then, if the CPU decides that the branch was correct, just do nothing; if the CPU decides that the branch was incorrect, just copy back the "backup" of the original cache. Copying the cache to and from the "backup" would obviously have to be done really quickly with dedicated hardware, and not be done by going through each byte and copying it, but that should be possible. Another solution I've thought of, which should probably be easier and/or cheaper: When speculatively executing an instruction, just don't write to cache at all. This would potentially make the speculatively executed instructions slower, but I can't imagine it would have a big effect. Of course, both of those solutions would just mitigate this specific attack. You're probably exactly correct that timing attacks are going to continue to be a big problem. We know (or can guess) approximately when the project zero team discovered the issue, but I think your parent comment meant that we don't know when _someone_ discovered it first. Maybe the project zero team were the very first to discover it, or maybe some state actor discovered it a decade ago and has been using it since then. It will take a LONG time before we have tens of gigabytes of memory running with the same bandwidth and latency as L1 cache. According to a StackOverflow question [1], an L1 cache hit takes just over 2 nanoseconds, while RAM takes upwards of 100 nanoseconds. [1] https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4087280/approximate-cost... Yes, but then you'd just end up with having a vulnerable application running inside of the VM. The mitigations in the compilers are for making programs compiled by those compilers immune(ish?) to Spectre, not to make it impossible for those programs to use Spectre to attack other processes. Disabling high precision timers isn't a long term solution. There's probably only a matter of time until someone finds a new way to make a high enough precision timer, and even if that wasn't the case, features like SharedArrayBuffer are just too useful to completely disable forever - and there's no easy way to make it impossible to create a high precision timer with a SharedArrayBuffer (just have a web worker which just increments a number in a shared buffer in a loop). Would throttling syscalls really prevent using these syscalls? Surely it would just make the exploits lower to perform? Is there something I've not understood, or is the idea just to throttle syscalls enough to make it infeasably slow? If it's the latter, remember that users might potentially be on a website for half an hour at a time (if they're reading a long article or watching a video), so an attacker (whose code is running on the site, potentially through a compromised ad/tracking platform, or just XSS) would have a lot of time to extract whatever memory they want. https://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/03/23/npm_left_pad_chaos/ left-pad was a package to, you guessed it, pad a string with n leading characters. Personally, I've always just written my own 2 line function for it (something like `function pad(s, n, ch) { return new Array(n - s.length).fill(ch).join("") + s; }`), but a bunch of packages either directly or indirectly depended on this left-pad package, so they all broke. Well... No. the left-pad function is 11 lines. The source code, as it was back then, according to that register article, was like this: function leftpad (str, len, ch) { str = String(str); var i = -1; if (!ch && ch !== 0) ch = ' '; len = len - str.length; while (++i } But yes, packages broke because of what _could_ have been implemented in one line (ignoring the two lines for the function signature and closing curly). There's such a thing as an en-dash too: http://www.thepunctuationguide.com/en-dash.html I don't know enough about punctuation to know whether he actually meant "em" when he wrote "en" in several places, but I'm going to assume he actually meant to refer to em-dashes some places, and en-dashes others. Maybe he's running Linux? There, software installed through the package manager from the distro's repos count as code which the OS vendor trusted. There have been times when I have needed to do something which requires more memory than is physically available on the machine. Without swap, those tasks would have been literally impossible to do without upgrading the machine. With swap, it just takes a little longer - but still much shorter than it would take to order more RAM sticks. One of those times was on a 512MB RAM VPS, where I needed to compile something - you don't want a 512MB VPS to do a lot of compilation, but in that one instance, I was very glad I could easily just make a swap file and get on with it. The other time was on my laptop with 8 GB of RAM. Also, even ignoring the times where swap makes possible a task which would otherwise have been impossible, you flat out ignored the content of the article. Did you even read it? If you have a long running task which allocates a lot of memory, then proceeds to only very rarely use that memory (or maybe it only needs that memory when it shuts down, or just forgot to free that memory), swap allows the system to swap out that memory and instead do something useful with it, like caching files or not killing processes. It doesn't matter that the disk is slower than RAM, if the swapped-out memory is rarely or never accessed. Regarding the complexity of making an extra partition: I completely agree, having a separate partition for swap is annoying. Luckily, Linux supports swap files; all my systems (where I had to manually set up swap), I just create a file called /swapfile. I imagine this would solve the full disk encryption complexity too. Ok, you are technically correct; I _could_ have changed GCC to cache stuff to disk instead of keeping everything in RAM (which would probably have been a big refactor), but I think we both know that's not really practical. I mean, nobody expects the engineers to manually read through everything, but if the quality of the input text is significant for the quality of the autocorrect (or whatever other application you're using machine learning with), you kind of have to make sure the input is pretty good... You could for example choose datasets which is expected to contain mostly correct grammar and spelling (such as Wikipedia, books, etc.) rather than datasets which is expected to contain mostly incorrect grammar and spelling. Or don't use a machine learning model. I honestly don't care, just don't automatically turn a correct "its" into an incorrect "it's". He isn't complaining that the specific phrase "It never rains on a Wednesday in Rockshire" to turn up any results. He used it as an example of the kind of phrase which, even though they exist somewhere on the web, won't be found with Google. Google's job is to make money, and to grow and make ever increasing amounts of money, not to find stuff. If Google decides that it's worth it to lose some of its customers in order to reduce costs, then it's fair game for them to do so. Maybe a competitor will come in and steal marketshare from Google by filling the hole Google leaves behind when they increasingly make changes which annoy a subset of users (duckduckgo is probably closest, and I use it as my default search engine, but I don't find it's as good as Google yet in a lot of cases). Maybe enough people will switch to be an issue for Google, in which case Google miscalculated the cost of pissing of that subset of its userbase. Maybe so few people will switch that it's offset by the cost savings of not keeping everything indexed, in which case it might've been the correct decision, from a capitalistic point of view. This focus on constant growth is the issue with relying on companies and capitalism, but that's a bigger discussion. I'm running Firefox 57, and even here, Firefox is significantly faster; 3182.3ms (3.9mb/s) in Firefox, 7575ms (1.6mb/s) in Chrome 63. The second sentence in the article: > I wanted to see how close I could come to making a DSL (domain specific language) with its own syntax and features, using only the C preprocessor and more obscure C features and GNU extensions. I might not have expressed myself clearly enough. It's not risky, it's not a feature I don't understand how it works, and I'm using it exactly as it's described in GNU's documentation on labels as values and computed gotos: https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Labels-as-Values.html The "I don't know how that works, but the important part is that it does." sentence was meant to highlight the apparent absurdity of dereferencing a void*, not to say that I don't understand exactly how to use the feature. I don't think I agree with your point in the general case, but even if you were 100% correct, and nobody should do metaprogramming with the C preprocessor in regular production code, I still don't think that's very relevant. The specific use case I had for all of these features were a unit testing library, which is very different from a regular program. If you need a testing library for C, that's probably because you have C code. You probably shouldn't try to write a test suite in Python for your C library. That's really neat, I hadn't considered that. I will definitely try it out, and might end up using it for the library. That isn't really a viable solution, because C doesn't allow parentheses around blocks. Calling `describe(foo, ({ int a, b; }))` would make the preprocessor happy, but it would also produce invalid syntax: void test_foo() ({ int a, b; }) I agree with your point about syntax; it would have been nice if the syntax was `define(blah) { ... }` and `it("whatever") { ... }`. However, I don't think that's possible, because I need to include code after the end of the block. That might not be obvious from the simplified macros I used in my example, but it's pretty clear by looking at the actual definitions. The describe and subdesc-macros ( https://github.com/mortie/snow/blob/a9ad850df456f78bcf96e1aa... ) need to increment counters and print their status after the block, and the `it` macro ( https://github.com/mortie/snow/blob/a9ad850df456f78bcf96e1aa... ) needs to run deferred expressions. I think it would be possible to implement the `describe` macro such that it can be used as `describe(blah) { ... }`, because that defines a function and we can both give the function argument and expect return values from it, but I can't think of any way to do it with the other macros which just create regular `do { ... } while(0)` blocks. If I'm wrong, please show me how; the `foo(blah) { ... }` syntax would make the __LINE__ macro work, it would play better with auto indenters and syntax highlighters, and it would give prettier error messages if you have a syntax error in a test case. I just can't see any way it would be possible. Hahaha you must be from one of the 2 countries with YouTube red. (I know it's probably not literally 2 countries, but it's available in very few countries.) How is the quality of the package manager related to the size of the binary? No, I don't think that was entirely serious. 128 bytes should be more than enough to last for a very long time, not just a little bit longer than the author's life. It looks like you're being downvoted, but you're not wrong. It's easy for most people to keep their personal data safe, because they're not targeted by attackers because there's little of value. It's hard for people whose sensitive data is valuable to keep it secure; if valuable white house secrets were stored with my strategies for protecting my personal sensitive data, they'd have been leaked ages ago. Once your sensitive data is highly valuable, like if you store a decent amount of cryptocurrencies (or is an attractive female with private nude pictures[0] or have a big YouTube channel[1]), protecting sensitive data from the likely targeted attacks is hard. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICloud_leaks_of_celebrity_phot... (I'm not sure if there was monetary value in those pictures, but they certainly had other forms of value.) [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlcAHkjbARs (He talks a lot about unrelated (to this discussion) about his Amazon links; go to 3 minutes in for the discussion about being compromised.) Basically, yeah. I mean, the wallet software is obviously open source, and you can change it however you want of course, but allowing for transactions to be undone would basically require rewriting the entire protocol and everything which interacts with the bitcoin network - and that's if it's even possible in the first place, without removing vital parts of bitcoin like the decentralization or being able to trust the entire network without trusting any one entity. Just a small note: we won't ever hit a point where a miner will get zero money from mining a block, because people sending transactions pay a fee to the miner to have their transaction prioritied over people who pay a smaller fee, and the number of transactions per time unit is limited (and pretty small), and can't be easily changed radically (as in by orders of magnitude). I think you're technically right, as the "miner reward" (as in the coins the miner cand give itself as a reward for finding a block) goes to 0, and you probably know that already, but I wanted to clarify for people who didn't yet know that. Otherwise, I agree. Damn, just noticed I wrote 128 bytes and not 128 bits, too late to edit. I mean, in relation to all everyday objects, 3 kilometers per second is stupidly fast and not at all sluggish. The overnight backup was relatively sluggish last night, instead of 1 microsecond it took a little over 100 milliseconds. Of course not. Moore's law is about the number of transistors per unit area. Battery capacity doesn't have much to do with transistor density. No: > I don't want to remove the showing of birthdays. I want to remove the showing of individual peoples ' birthdays. I know very little about the topic. Will post-quantum crypto require new hardware? The few techniques I have heard about rely on special networks capable of transmitting quantum particles, not just bits. If new network infrastructure is required, I can't imagine how we would ever get quantum computer resistant cryptography before it's way too late. People making games need to make those games for platforms people play on. You as a user can move to Linux, and game developers should support Linux, but a game which can only be played on Linux and *BSD will be incredibly unsuccessful. asm.js is not webassembly. If it's a result of something shady they're doing, why would they release a post mortem instead of just letting the story die and let people forget about it? I'm not a big fan of accusing people of whataboutism in general, but in this case, it's not even relevant. Your parent comment asked, "Ok, bottled water has plastic in it. I know that some tap water goes through lead pipes. Is tap water going through lead pipes still more healthy than bottled water with plastic in it?" The question was a very reasonable one, and just happened to contain the phrase "what about". How do we know WhatsApp doesn't cooperate? It's closed source, and owned by Facebook no less, so how can we know there's no backdoor? You can maybe verify that the app doesn't currently send messages anywhere, but what if there's a way for Facebook to send a request to WhatsApp for a dump of all messages within a date range? 60 FPS? I had a desktop I built in 2014, with a 4770k and an r9 290x, run Overwatch at 144 FPS at 1440p with low settings. The machine could still play Just Case 3 and GTA 5 (2015 games, but I didn't really play any graphically intensive 2016+ games on it) at 1080p 60 FPS with decent graphics settings, if I recall correctly. I have since upgraded to a 6700k and 1080Ti, but that 2014 hardware lasted well into 2017 - and the current GPU cost just under 3/4 the price of the entire 2014 computer, despite the r9 290x being a top of the line GPU. High end PC gaming definitely isn't affordable anymore. I personally don't interpret "do one thing, and do it well" to mean "do one small thing, and do it well"; the "one thing" could be as big as a programming language, or a display server, or whatever. Perl's "one thing" would be being a scripting language; it should be a scripting language, and it should be the best scripting language it can be. It just shouldn't also do a bunch of other stuff, like also being an RDBMS. That philosophy could also be applied recursively; Perl should do just one thing; it should be a good scripting language. The Perl JSON module should just do one thing; it should be a good JSON encoder and decoder. That doesn't mean it should be simple; the JSON module should have as much complexity as necessary to make it a good and useful tool. I do recognize that my interpretation isn't a great _definition_, because you can construe most things to be UNIX-y if you just expand what "one thing" it should be good at enough, but I do think it's useful to keep in mind when designing something. That said, I have never written Perl (other than a very tiny amount of Perl 6), and don't know exactly what about it convinced you, but I wouldn't mind a discussion about it if you clarify. NaN is sort of viral. Any math operator (afaik) returns NaN if any of the operands is NaN. That means `5 + (2 * NaN)` becomes `5 + NaN`, which just becomes `NaN`. Still, `5 + 2 * NaN == 5 + 2 * NaN` would return false, because it becomes `NaN == NaN`, and NaN is not equal to NaN. I very frequently deal with .h264 files, containing just a raw h264 bitstream. Granted, that's more of a special case, because I deal with video encoding and decoding a lot through work. True, a project with a bunch of stars and ownloads and whatnot and no open issues and pull requests can be perfectly fine even if the last commit was a few years ago. However, if the last commit was years ago, and issues and pull requests have been piling up without getting any attention, that's probably a bad sign. Node has a pretty big standard library really (in fact that's all node.js is; a module system and a ton of modules built on top of a JS engine). What do you find is missing compared to Python's standard library? I'm pretty sure that's talking about all the third-party libraries which exist for Python; that this "antigravity" library is available for Python, not a part of its standard library. (I might be wrong though, I'm not Randall Munroe) Well, python's strings have the ljust and rjust methods which left- and right-pad, and javascript has the padStart and padEnd methods (since ECMAScript 2017). I wasn't really interested in your opinion based on the lack of one 1-line utility function (and it is one line: `new Array(10 - str.length).fill("0").join("") + str`). I was interested in what significant functionality OP found lacking in node.js' standard library. Well, implementing all of HTML and CSS and the DOM in something light-weight might be difficult. ...But images have the alt attribute when you want to help screen readers without cluttering things up for people who read the image. I don't see the issue. Nobody is forcing Fog Creek to make the glitch service free, that was their own choice - and as long as charging money for your glitch-based service isn't against the glitch ToS, there's no reason not to do so. Glitch' FAQ says they expect to eventually charge for a premium account with fewer resource restrictions. Glitch' business model is presumably then to get other services off the ground, make those services big enough to start earning significant money, and then have those services upgrade to a paid plan once they (hopefully) both earn enough money to afford it and are big enough to need it. From what I can see, this Writt thing is doing exactly what glitch's business model wants people to do. I'm curious, why was the beta version pushed to the app store? So, I went to the page, clicked the button for the Firefox extension, and was greeted with this page: https://s.mort.coffee/d/img/scr-4494758.png You should probably link to the add-on page ( https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/beelinereader... ) instead of directly to the .xpi file. I would never accept to install a plug-in from a random link even if it hadn't been for the dialog's scary language. Wow, you really come across as an ass in that thread. "What's best for the podcasting space" is more scary than it sounds tho imo. A lot of business people would consider web-like analytics "the best for the podcasting space", even though it would be horrible for podcast listeners. No, it's just that HN's comment parser interpreted the > as a part of the URL. Here's a working link: https://www.outreachy.org/apply/eligibility/ This isn't strictly related to your suggestion, but a more general comment. Am I the only one who finds it a bit frustrating that any time someone complains about missing/bad functionality in gnome, someone recommends to install an extension, but when a user complains about stability or performance, their number of extensions are blamed? XUbuntu is great, and the distro I use for my desktop, but I'd also suggest checking out Ubuntu Mate 18.04. It's "old school" similar to XFCE, largely without animations to slow things down, and the 18.04 version replaced the old menu with brisk-menu which is fast, super key activated, and has search (basically it works a lot like XFCE's). Ubuntu Mate uses gtk 3 and probably in general more modern technology than XFCE, with a similar style. Definitely worth considering. The best case would then be that at the 501st element, the JIT has suddently made the code so fast each subsequent item is practically instant. In that case, the 1000 run would be as fast as the 500 run, not significantly faster. EDIT: Maybe what happened is that the 500 case made the engine conclude that the function is called frequently enough to be optimized, and the 500 run both spent a while with the slow version and spent some time optimizing it, while the 1000 case got to exclusively use the optimized version. Just goes to show that benchmarking complex multi-stage JITs can be hard. Games spend a lot of their time iterating over lists of entities, and there's a lot of javascript games. JS isn't used mostly for games, and most games aren't written in JS, but JS and Canvas has largely taken over the niche of browser games. I find it annoying that every single one of those messages say something to the effect of "We use cookies to improve your user experience", when 99.9% of the time, the only reason you need third-party cookies is user tracking. Maybe that law should've included a clause about how you shouldn't lie about why you're using third-party cookies? If you find yourself compiling Google-stuff a lot on Arch, you might find this useful: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/master/bin/py2 I wrote that script exactly because of the issue you described, and I got tired of changing what /usr/bin/python is symlinked to constantly. With that script, I just run `py2 gn gen out/Debug` or whatever, and my /usr/bin/python stays intact so everything else which expects python3 works, and only the `gn` process and all subprocess sees python2. This definitely doesn't excuse Google's behavior, but I don't expect it to be fixed soon. My bug report about it ( https://bugs.chromium.org/p/webrtc/issues/detail?id=7376 ) was closed as wontfix (though I'm not entirely sure the person who closed it understood that I was asking for the python scripts to explicitly use python 2, not for them to port the scripts to python 3). Do any registrars not charge a premium for Whois privacy? I know Hover doesn't have a separate Whois privacy entry price, but the base price at Hover seems to be about the price of a domain + Whois privacy at other registrars. That's what I meant with "I know Hover doesn't have a separate Whois privacy entry price, but the base price at Hover seems to be about the price of a domain + Whois privacy at other registrars". FFmpeg's C API has pretty good documentation: https://www.ffmpeg.org/doxygen/4.0/ The C API documentation includes a ton of example code: https://ffmpeg.org/doxygen/4.0/dir_687bdf86e8e626c2168c3a2d1... In addition to having both a man page and a --help option, The FFmpeg CLI tool has very thorough documentation: https://ffmpeg.org/ffmpeg.html I don't understand how FFmpeg could in any way be considered to have no documentation and no code samples. Well, Instapaper is owned by Pinterest. Pinterest strikes me as a company of such a size that they'd have no problem finding some way to monetize the data gathered from their users. The decline button "works" for me, but just takes you to a page where you can delete your Twitter account. A display port cable is ghe same in both ends. Maybe they should've designed display port to have different connecrors for source and sink, but I must imagine they had compelling reasons to not do that. Well, doubles can represent all the numbers a 52 bit int can, so there's not a huge reason to not use doubles for whole numbers. It also means that new programmers don't get confused when they do 1/3 and get 1, and the language can be significantly simpler when there's only one number type. Also, when you try to store numbers bigger than 2^52, doubles degrade relatively gracefully, while ints wrap around. There are definitely downsides too, but it's a trade-off, not an exclusively bad decision. Haha, that's what I get for writing comments late at night. I meant something like 4/3. Well, they could have though, "Will this large infrastructure change affect any of the tools which depend on our infrastructure?", set up a small test system using cloudflare, and then test a few tools (like Yarn) against the new system. The traditional way to advertise niche products is to advertise in places where the relevant audience is. Maybe put ads on RC-related websites or technology-related TV channels, or buy sponsor spots on technology podcasts or YouTube-channels. You don't _need_ huge amounts of information about every Internet-using individual in order to do targeted advertising. Podcasts, which (so far) have mostly been free from extreme privacy-violating ad networks, have been doing this for ages; I regularly hear relevant ads for Ting, Linux Academy and Digital Ocean when listening to Linux-podcasts, or for bone conducting headphones, fancy mesh network routers and domain name registrars when listening to general tech podcasts. I also hear ads for PC hardware and VPNs when watching tech YouTube-videos. The ads YouTube itself chooses for me, on the other hand, are generally completely unnecessary and poorly targeted ads for movies I don't want to see or cars or soda. I use i3 on my laptop, where I routinely connect and disconnect external displays. I wrote a small program to deal with that: http://github.com/mortie/dedaemon That tool also handles input stuff (like setting the keyboard layout when a keyboard is connected, or setting the mouse speed when a mouse is connected), and setting the wallpaper (because the wallpaper has to be re-applied when a display is connected). Here's the config file I personally use: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/master/.dedaemon.hcnf If you do end up trying it out, feel free to pm me (mort@irc.freenode.net) or open a github issue if you have any questions or problems. Is a packet filter really as complex and with as much room for error as a WASM VM? Do such implementations currntly only abort on signed overflow and not on unsigned overflow? Aborting on unsigned overflow is currently not conforming, is it? Clang and GCC will generally compile standard C/C++ code just fine, but they add their own extensions to the language. I'd bet a lot of C or C++ projects assume `void` has a size of 1 in pointer arithmetic, for example. Try compiling some projects with -Wpedantic. Now, Clang tries to implement the various GNU extensions, but there are some relatively significant differences. For example, GCC has no problem with a (conditional) goto to a label pointer even if you never took the address of a label anywhere in that function, while Clang treats that as an error, which can be a problem when using macros. Clang also treats _Pragma in macro arguments as you'd expect, while GCC puts all the pragmas before the rest of the code in the macro argument. Those are just differences I persinally have struggled with, I'm sure there are more. If GitHub does get sold to MS and I end up moving to GitLab, I'll probably push one last commit to the GitHub repo adding a header saying the project has moved, with a link to the GitLab repo. It's not perfect, but it wouldn't be too bad. Windows is still doing a lot of bullshit with ads in the start menu and forced updates. A bunch of their open source stuff which has included spyware has been less than upfront about including spyware. I'm actually very genuinely curious: Why did you take over SourceForge and keep its extremely tainted brand, instead of starting something new? Usually, when someone buys a brand, they're doing it because there's some value attached to it, but for me at least, it'll take a lot more for me to try out SourceForge than a service with a completely fresh brand I haven't heard about before. Even though you're (probably) right regarding those criticisms, it's representative of how people view SourceForge, and serves to show that > I don't think a single person is considering moving from GitHub to Sourceforge. is true. Even with all new execs and a new CEO, Microsoft's expensive operating system still features ads in the start menu. They still troll OSS projects with their patents. Their software still includes telemetry which can't (easily) be disabled. Do you have a link to where Linus talks in a highly authoritative voice when he has yesn't idea what he's talking about? All the cases I've seen where he's talking in an authoritative voice have been about topics he's an expert in. The problem is that browsers are generally really terrible at presenting text in a readable and good-looking way. Compare http://motherfuckingwebsite.com/ and http://bettermotherfuckingwebsite.com/ - most people would agree that the second is significantly easier to read. I really wish browsers' default formatting could be trusted to be as readable as possible, but alas. It's not interesting to argue about who's "more expert". If Linus is just "slightly expert", that's very far away from having no idea what he's talking about. My claim wasn't that Linus was the "expertest" C programmer in the world. I'm neither an expert in security nor in licensing, most of the things I've heard him say about either sounds pretty reasonable. Could you link to an example where he talks out of his ass, and explain why what he's saying is stupid? Both licensing and security strikes me as the kind of thing the author of the world's most used FOSS kernel has thought a lot about. It has little to do with IDEs and everything to do with debuggers. When writing code in emacs or vim, as long as you compile with -g and run the binary with gen, you get the features you're talking about. Here's a recording of using GDB: https://s.mort.coffee/d/vid/gdb-demo.mp4 Here's a recording of using GDB's TUI mode: https://s.mort.coffee/d/vid/gdb-tui-demo.mp4 Note that I'm not a GDB pro, I just recently started trying to use it more instead of printf, so there are probably lots of stuff I didn't show off. (For example, I wish I'd shown the `bt` command to print stack traces). Another thing that's worth noting is that with GDB, if your program crashed and generated a coredump, you can use GDB to look at how everything was when it crashed, just like if you were debugging a running program. This is extremely useful on for example embedded systems where you don't have GDB installed, or when the crash is hard to reproduce. Look at this: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17310418 It's not quite as fancy as an IDE, but it's a lot more than printf. "You can have a gazillion IP addresses with IPv6" isn't necessarily that interesting, but "You can have one IP address with IPv6", or "You can have on IP address per device with IPv6", or "You can get rid of NAT with IPv6", are very interesting. Oh wow, I didn't notice that. I wrote gdb, but my phone autoincorrected it to gen. It's not that the files take up space, it's that they're there. Have a look of how many repositories on GitHub which include a completely unrelated .DS_Store file: https://github.com/search?q=filename%3A.DS_Store Wow, that's 12.5% of the card, not 1%. I had no idea Finder's files would get that large. That seems to be a pretty weak link? Literally every VR game involves some amount of navigating 3D spaces. Why did you even need the SSN? macOS doesn't only run on desktops; there are people using it all the way down to the 12" MacBook. This might not be useful to most people, but it’s probably really useful for some people. I’ve been doing a bunch of embedded and embedded-ish development for work and otherwise, and it’s useful to not need a separate keyboard connected to the device just to poke graphical applications now and then. I'm not sure if it's that simple. Sometimes, you want to guard your code with an early return, which means `if (x == NULL) return errorvalue;`. However, if the function should handle both cases, I prefer to start with the "happy path", which usually means `if (x != NULL) { happy; } else { handle_sad_case; }`. I would like to point out this message I got on the mobile Facebook website a month ago: https://i.redd.it/hh6xerkskmx01.jpg "To personalise content, tailor and measure ads and provide a safer experience, we use cookies. By tapping on the site, you agree to our use of cookies on and off Facebook." Agreeing to something by tapping anywhere on the site doesn't sound enforceable... That doesn't mean it's not true though? People habe been claiming the earth is round since 500 BC, yet it's still as true as ever. Maybe, if their MacBook Pros were just a little bit thicker (say, the thickness of the 2013-2015 models), they'd be able to fit a big enough battery for the extra power draw to not matter too much? Forbes literally shows a loading spinner for _minutes_ if you try to opt out, and when it finally completes, you're sent to an empty page asking you to opt back in to tracking. I used to occasionally read stuff there when an interesting-sounding article was posted to HN, but I'm not visiting that page ever again. Then why are there still ad blocking extensions? Wouldn't uBlock Origin interfere way more than this extension? There are already lots of CMSes out there. Changing WP to use more modern design patterns (whatever that would entail) probably means breaking all themes and plugins, which isn't acceptable (and even if that wasn't an issue, I doubt the WP maintainers would just accept a PR that completely rewrites everything). This isn't really a thing random contributors can help with. No. A store is open from 08:00. You have the first shift as a cashier. How would flex-time work in that situation? While it would be nice to be able to run `npm install` fearlessly, how much would it truly help? In almost all cases, the code downloaded from npm will be executed non-sandboxed anyways; that's probably the reason you installed the package after all. When adding hyphenation, one should ideally start thinking of internationalization, because different languages have different rules for hyphenation. In Norwegian, for example, one should generally add a hyphenation between each stem (for example, our word for fruit salad is "fruktsalat"; that should be hyphenated as "frukt-salat", not as "fruktsa-lat"). It's really jarring to read Norwegian text hyphenated by an algorithm which uses American rules for hyphenation. In case you haven't seen the pictures: https://betanews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/macbook-pro-... It's mostly a big hole with some silicone on the sides. That's not to say that it doesn't affect cooling at all; saying the keyboard is insulated is probably exaggeration though. KDE Plasma is generally really solid in my opinion. I installed kubuntu-desktop on my xubuntu install yesterday, and it both looks pretty good and works really well. The whole KDE stack, with kwin instead of mutter and Qt instead of GTK, also feels a bit better engineered to me than the Gnome side of things. Or, if you're feeling adventurous, i3wm is really nice. That's what I run on my laptop, which is my main programming computer, and I would never again consider running a floating window manager instead of a tiling one for programming. You're right, you shouldn't let that overshadow the Chrome team's commitment to open source. You should maybe let the fact that Chrome is closed source overshadow the Chrome team's commitment to open source. Read the "Sharing this media" section of https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT207022 . I know it probably wasn't your intention to single out Let's Encrypt, but it's probably worth mentioning that almost any registrar, not just LE, would issue a certificate for a scam site, provided they can prove they own the domain. Compiling Chromium, the biggest C++ project I know, takes on the order of 8 hours with a somewhat old but quite powerful server. Linking Chromium on my laptop, with 8GB of RAM, required me to increase my swap space from 8GB to 16GB. Going away from C's linker and header file-model, which really doesn't work well for C++, to something based on a proper module system, would be amazing. AFAIK, that's not true; the spec doesn't guarantee that it iterates in insertion order, it's just how it's commonly implemented in browsers. So your argument is that anyone who wants to use any proprietary software should just switch to Windows? I suppose I should stop using Linux then, because I occasionally play games from Steam. Yeah, they definitely wouldn't be in distro packages, but I want to play them nonetheless. That means I either have to run software which isn't in my distro repo, or switch to Windows. Ah, the famous indie games like CS:GO, Crusader Kings 2, Borderlands 2, Dota 2, Total War: Warhammer and Tomb Raider 2013. To be clear, there's a bunch of great games which don't support Linux, but a good amount of non-indie games actually do. If the "user" is the world's largest independent foundry, I'm sure they could find someone to patch the software they're using. I think your parent's point was that Markdown is used in a lot of situations where simplicity isn't as important as it is when documenting code. AMP is actually the main reason I switched from Google to DDG on my phone; for some reason, when I switched from an Android phone to an iPhone, I started getting AMP results, and switching search engines was the only way to disable AMP. Maybe you just happen to want to do something which requires a lot of memory, and don't want to spend the money to upgrade RAM right now, or you're on a system where upgrading RAM is impossible, or your want to complete the task now without delaying it until you have installed more RAM. My laptop has 8GB of RAM, enough for most use, but it proved way too small when trying to compile Chromium (where the linker would get OOM killed even with 8GB RAM + 8GB swap). If I was instead doing that on a system with http://npm.anvaka.com/#/view/2d/vuepress Oh, that's a bummer. One of the main reasons I use redshift on my laptop is that the backlight doesn't go dim enough at night. Yeah, it's Mozilla's proprietary cloud synchronization service. To be honest, I've pretty much given up on Gnome. They're removing features I depend on left and right, don't respond to issues, and from everything I've heard, their technology stack seems to be a disaster. I'm happy just using KDE Plasma, XFCE and i3wm and not having to care about whatever Gnome is doing (except when changes to GTK affects the rest of the ecosystem, like their client side decorations which make Gnome apps look out of place). This is about Pocket, which is what krn referred to as "a proprietary cloud synchronization service". Mozilla has been promising to make Pocket open source since it acquired it over 1.5 years ago, but haven't done it yet. Well, the core of Android is open source (as part of the AOSP), but Google's launcher, the Google Play Services which most apps rely on, lots of the apps which are installed by default, all driver code, etc. is all closed source. I'm literally sitting here waiting for glibc to compile, because I need a version with debug symbols, which the version from Arch Linux' repos lacks. Right before that, I compiled valgrind from the git head, because the current release (3.13) doesn't support glibc 2.28. I have compiled Chromium a couple of times for work. It's very apparent that my 2-core 4-thread i5 5200U is a bit too weak; I'd love to be using a 16- or 32-core machine. Yeah, the clients are open source, and they're interfacing with the proprietary cloud service. Just like krn said. So we're relying in Valve's ability to count to 3. We are doomed. As of version 3, Maxthon supports two web browser engines: WebKit and Trident. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maxthon Maybe more developers would make use of it if it was open source, existed for other platforms, and available for languages people actually use on those other platforms. I've had a lot of bad experiences installing Steam from a package manager and having problems with either the Steam client itself or games crashing because they can't find 32-bit OpenGL libraries. I haven't had such issues that I can remember the last few times I've installed steam, but "use your package manager" isn't (or hasn't always been) the complete answer. There's nothing preventing you from using GPL licensed software commercially. While interesting, those benchmarks are only for the kernel mitigations; they don't benchmark the new microcode: > Update: To note, no microcode changes/updates were made to the systems under test for this article, just testing/comparing the kernel patches. I don't understand, why did Red Hat need to start shipping their RHEL kernel source pre-patched just because Oracle started providing commercial support for RHEL? I don't understand how shipping pre-patched vs not pre-patched kernel source is related to Oracle providing support. Well, between Pandoc's markdown flavor and how it has its own way of letting you insert latex code anywhere, you're not going to be able to process your document using anything that's not trying to be compatible with pandoc documents. I'm curious, what's a better solution for generics if you want some kind of container which doesn't need to care what type it contains? Is the better solution to just use the current C-style void* s everywhere and manually cast your objects to and from void* (or in Go's case, interface{}), leaving type safety to the programmer? Or is the argument that people shouldn't need to write containers, and all necessary container types should be a part of the standard library and impossible to re-implement using regular Go code? Or is code generation a good enough solution? Or are there other, nicer solutions to enable generic container types which can't be abused like Java-style generics can be? I don't particularly care which direction Go goes in, and don't write a lot of it myself, but I'm very curious what the alternative is. What do you mean? I agree that dictionaries are ordered and not categorized, but do dictionaries claim to be sorted? But... the conversation was about sending the password in emails. Come on, nobody is preventing anyone from running the binary with strace or with wireshark open and comparing it to a version compiled from their sources. It's absolutely something which would've been relevant in a post like this one. It's because people often quote things by putting a number of spaces between the text on each line, but hacker news interprets that as a code block, not as a quote. It's reasonable to not wrap code blocks; the real problem is that HN doesn't have formatting options for quotes. I think demonizing the guys behind WhatsApp is entirely warranted. They built up a large userbase around promises of privacy and encryption, and then promptly sold those users to fucking Facebook. Whether they were just gullible and didn't do their due diligence, or if they were malignant, doesn't really make a big difference. I thought Inbox was reasonably safe. After all, it's part of their e-mail offering, right? High refresh rate monitors are getting more and more popular; at 240 FPS, a signed 32-bit counter will just last a bit over 3 months. Competitive players may want to play at even higher frame rates to decrease input lag even further. It's _probably_ still fine, because people _generally_ don't leave the game running for months, but those 31 usable bits get used up rsurprisingly quickly. When we measure the amount of mass in a galaxy, we see that the galaxy's rotation is way faster than the amount of mass would indicate. But I still want to be able to use my Flatpak VsCode to edit config files in .local or .config, and I still want to use my Flatpak Gimp to edit images in .local/share/icons. So far they have been pretty good at making people want to replace their existing iPhone with a new iPhone. I'm using an iPhone 7, and while I won't buy a new phone any time soon because my current one still works, the 120Hz oled screen is attractive (and the design makes my current phone look ancient with its huge chins on the top and bottom), and the better camera would be nice to have. I get you, but I suppose the most obvious alternative examples are things like porn or illegal sites, which they might not have wanted to use. What alternative examples would you have preferred? Apple's contrived example from when they introduced private mode in Safari was shopping for presents and not wanting the recipient to find out, but that would be even less convincing when the person you're hiding your traffic from is the person next to you in the coffee shop. Every operation requires one hash and at least one string check, but the more collisions there are, the more string checks you have to do. In theory, a hash algorithm with a great distribution and few collisions would require less string checks (I.e generally just one) per operation than an algorithm with a poor distribution. GP was saying that in their experience, the less frequent extra string checks generally isn't worth the slower hashing speed of an algorithm with a better distribution. (It's also worth noting that getting or setting elements which don't exist requires 0 string compares unless there's a collision, which might be relevant for certain workloads.) Only without human oversight. Human proofreading might not be economically feasible, but maybe detecting likely OCR errors and making humans decide whether it's an actual error or not would be feasible. You're assuming all products are apps or websites or something with a GUI. A product could be a library, or an OS kernel, or a web API, or any number of things, where knowledge of how to make a GUI with a good UX is completely irrelevant; or the programmer could be working on a very technical part; the engineers working on, say, Safari to optimize the javascript engine's performance similarly don't need any knowledge of what good UX means for a graphical interface. Apple and Google shouldn't fire their best compiler/JIT writers just because they write lousy GUIs. If only there was some sort of peer-to-peer version of electronic cash that would allow online payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial institution, yet had some recourse for fraudulent transactions, didn't require downloading hundreds of gigabytes of blockchain, processed more than a handful of transactions globally per ten minutes, and where you didn't lose all your money if you accidentally deleted the wrong file or your hard drive broke or got lost. Yeah, it's a contradiction; I didn't mean to say that all the things I listed are possible. Not wanting to download hundreds of gigabytes of blockchain is also a contradiction; the only solution I know of is to use a light wallet, and then you're suddenly relying on someone else's service instead of just relying on the decentralized network. Obviously, but the kind of UX discussed here is obviously that of graphical applications; nobody would say that a web API's or a compiler's UX is a "stuttering mess". The union thing is still 100% undefined behavior though, right? Some specific compilers guarantee a particular behavior, but by relying on it, you're not _really_ writing standard C anymore. > Either you let people choose, or you put them on a feedlot, admit that this is a factory farm, and openly ply them with antibiotics and horomones, so you can milk them longer, before putting the bolt gun to their head and serving their remains at McDonald's. How about the third option; let people do as they please, as long as it doesn't negatively affect others? You're dismissing the concept of herd immunity, as well as the fact that there are people who can't be vaccinated for legitimate reasons (i.e age or medical issues), and the fact that vaccines aren't 100% effective, as "internet argument buzz words". It almost sounds like you're arguing either in bad faith or from a position of willful ignorance. What would you write down as the exact monetary value of a human life? How do you arrive at that number? I don't know if that feels entirely applicable. People who advocate that people shouldn't vaccinate their children simply increase the chance of large amounts of people dying from preventable disease; if they didn't, nothing would've been lost. Calculating how much should be spent on a bridge, on the other hand, is simply necessary in a world where there is demand for bridges even though there's not enough resources to ensure that both enough bridges are built, and that every single bridge is guaranteed to be 100% safe. If only you could write git messages like that... A lot of those messages would have to be shortened considerably to fit the 50 character summary. It's annoying how frequently the shortest and best summary I can think of ends up at ~55 characters, and I have to omit important cotext or detail and include that in the body instead. One issue is that a lot of these publisher-specific channels have pretty shitty practices. For example, Bethesda decided to not allow refunds of Fallout 76; had it been on Steam, disappointed players could've used Steam's refund policy to easily refund the game as long as they didn't play more than two hours of it. The relationship between the publisher and the player is often antagonistic, as shown by Bethesda's refund policy, the rootkits Sony installed on their customers' computers some time back, DRM which requires the player to always be online, etc. A somewhat trustworthy distributor distributor will help make sure that the game _probably_ won't actively harm your computer, and that you can get your money back if the game otherwise doesn't work for you. What? Your system doesn't handle running at max CPU and GPU usahe even for what I presume is seconds before thermal shutdown? That seems like an extremely serious issue with your system. I usually use `-h`, because it's shorter to type than `--help`. I find I encounter this kind of message way too frequently: wc: invalid option -- 'h' Try 'wc --help' for more information. Wow, I'm afraid of what "let us know if you use this typeface for a project you think we should know about." means if interpreted as legalese. Please, no, don't use -Werror with -Wall or -Wextra. When you write your code and compile with -Werror on your old version of GCC (either because you're behind on GCC releases, or because you wrote the code in the past), and I want to compile it with my new version which has added some warnings, I don't want to have to mess around in your build configuration and remove -Werror. Instead, do any of the following: * Compile normally without -Werror, but have a test suite which compiles all your tests with -Werror. Make sure to only accept patches which don't break the test suite (probably using some CI system). If you don't want actual tests, a "test suite" which just makes sure `make clean && make CFLAGS=-Werror` doesn't fail would suffice. * Use -Werror for regular builds, but enable only a fixed set of warnings, not -Wall or -Werror. * Make your build system record warnings, and complain about them for every single build, not just the builds which happen to recompile the files which trigger warnings. This doesn't _guarantee_ that your project is warning-free like the other two do, but I imagine a lot of the reason projects end up with warnings is that people just see the warning once, and then never again until the file has to be recompiled. I can't count the number of times I have wanted to use some project, but then had to dig through the project's Makefile or autotools m4/shell soup or gn files or meson files or cmake files or ad-hoc compile script or some other build configuration, just because my compiler is newer than the author's. Yeah, I don't care how people or organizations actually write their code, I just want to download the code they distribute (through git or tarballs) and run the commands listed in a readme without the build failing because GCC thinks there's an unnecessary number of parentheses around an expression. The three alternatives were meant as somthing easy one could do instead of blindly using using -Werror to achieve the same advantages, but there are of course more ways to do it. I have also had the fortune of using Goole code. I have been meaning to write a blog post about the issues one encounters when using a Goole library without being a part of Google. I'm not sorry, but using a build system which makes it easy to disable -Werror doesn't help. It's still somehing everyone who wants to use your program has to figure out how to do, and if you're actually using an obscure build system (which it sounds like you're suggesting), then that's even more annoying. If everyone on the planet used one build system which had a singular way to disable -Werror you'd have a point, but that's not exactly going to happen. It's not that it's usually _hard_ to figure out how to disable -Werror. In a correctly written Makefile, it's literally just `make CFLAGS=-Wno-error`. It's about having to figure it out at all. Don't make life annoying for every one of your users just because you're too lazy to set up your project such that builds used while developing (such as debug builds) use -Werror, while regular builds don't. If you absolutely need every build to use -Werror, then please, just include your build system's version of `CFLAGS=-Wno-error` in your readme's compile instructions (even when using make; `CFLAGS=-Wno-error` works for _correctly written_ makefiles, which most makefiles are not.) But... this isn't about my own code using my preferred build system. Of course you can quickly change any flag if you know the build system works and hiw your project uses it. It will not take 5 seconds with no though to figure out how a build system you have never used before lets you change build flags. Besides, even if it did take just 5 seconds and no thought, I wouldn't know it's necessary before I've tried to compile, maybe noticed that it will take a while because it's a big project, gone away and done something else for a bit, and returned to a failed build because one file a couple of minutes in had an unnecessary set of parentheses somewhere. I absolutely don't understand what stockholm syndrome has to do with anything. I haven't advocated for any particular build system. A new compiler version isn't a new version of the language. Most warnings are about completely valid code which nonetheless should be avoided. Code which was correct in an earlier version if GCC continues to be correct in new versions of GCC. Unused variables, using `if (somevar = othervar)` instead of `if ((somevar = othervar))`, code which uses operators without parentheses where GCC has decided the operator precedence is unexpected and should have extra parentheses to be clearer, a switch which doesn't cover all the values of an enum, unnecessary parentheses in a variable declaration. Those are all warnings which absolutely don't mean that the code is broken. The author should absolutely fix new warnings like that, but that shouldn't be the responsibility of someone who just wants to use your open source project. You don't need to know enough to understand and implement all the details from server to network to browser, you just need to know enough to remove the tags related to ad networks and tracking to see huge load time and ux improvements. It's not really the web developers who are the issue; they just implement what the people above them in the org chart wants. You could argue that the web developers should push back on it more than they do, but I don't buy that they're not knowledgeable enough to fix it. That's not to say that there aren't actual technical issues; the recent trend of throwing front-end frameworks on content-heavy pages, making the users' low-powered phones parse and run hundreds of megabytes of JS before the page can be interacted with, is an example. They're still garbage malware distributors in the hearts and minds of most people. People don't just forget the atrocities associated with the sourceforge name. I know I'm not going to trust them any time soon. 64.5 is 99.2% of 65. If a watch screen advertised itself as 4", but was actually 3.968", I'm sure that would also be considered rounding. Just using tsc to compile a hello world with 7 tokens takes over a second in my experience. Sure, most of that is initialization, but compare that to the C and C++ world, where GCC spends tens of milliseconds at most compiling hello world. Hot reloading _helps_, but it's definitely an issue that javascript tooling spends seconds on tasks other languages' tooling spends tens or hundreds of milliseconds on. (The issue isn't just limited to tsc either; just starting the build system can take a decent amount of time with webpack, while make or cmake starts in milliseconds.) It could be a slightly lesser effect; people were willing to buy the S models of previous iPhones, even though the changes weren't that big on the surface, because the price was lower, however when the phone is so expensive, people wait for a bigger change before buying a new phone. The iPhone S was a gigantic change relative to all other new models of iPhone; the Xs is mostly more of the same. Or that might not be the reason, I don't know enough to analyze the situation by far. I just don't think we should rule out the extreme price increase as a potential partial explanation. That ignores the privacy threat Google itself poses. There's a lot of things I don't like about Apple, but using a phone whose operating system contains unlimited amounts if closed source Google code is really scary to me, simply due to their business model and their disrespect of privacy. I'm a Norwegian. This mostly isn't wrong, a lot of us do use "matpakke"s, but I object to this quote: “In Norway, you’re not supposed to look forward to your lunch,” says Ronald Sagatun, who works in advertising and hosts a YouTube channel about Norwegian culture. “It’s kind of a strict thing. It’s easy to make, easy to carry around, easy to eat, but it should be a disappointment.” Maybe it's "kind of a strict thing" in some parts of the country, but certainly not where I am (Oslo). While everyone did eat a "matpakke" for lunch in the first 7 years of school ("barneskolen"), ever since, the places I've been has served hot lunch in a cafeteria. This includes the second level of school ("ungdomsskolen"), our version of high school ("videregående"), university, three workplaces (which is two summer jobs and the place I'm working now). It's not like it's uncommon for someone to bring a "matpakke" but saying it's "kind of a strict thing" that "you're not supposed to look forward to your lunch" is bullshit, at least in the general form presented in the article. (I'm also not sure about the pronounciation "maadpukke". Maybe it follows some internationally recognized form of phonetic writing, but if it doesn't, that "d" and "u" is really strange to me. I'd just say you pronounce it straightforward like "matpakke", with the Norwegian pronounciation of "a". Judge for yourself based on how Google Translate says it: https://translate.google.com/#view=home&op=translate&sl=no&t... ) As I wrote in my comment, warm lunch _is_ catching on, at least in my part of the country. As for why it's not as common as in some other countries (yet), there's no "equality über alles". I'd guess the reason is that Norway was until relatively recently a poor country with little good farmland, so most of our food culture comes from there. Isn't it pretty widely accepted that your IQ, at least as measured by IQ tests, aren't a perfect measure of your "intrinsic" intelligence; that environmental factors contribute to IQ test results? If environmental factors do indeed contribute to IQ scores, doesn't it seem pretty plausible that lower GDP per capita, which results in changes to environmental factors such as education, might result in lower IQ scores, rather than the other way around? It'd be interesting to read studies which investigate whether there's a causal link between IQ and GDP per capita, and if there is one, which one causes the other. The "u" in "duck" sounds the same as our letter "ø", and nowhere near our "a". The english "duck" would be "døck" (or "døkk", since we usually don't use "ck") in norwegian, not "dack". Yes. That's interesting, my XPS 15 9575 can charge from seemingly almost any power supply, including those 5V 2.4A USB wall warts, as long as it's off or the lid is closed. I do have to connect the charger after it enters sleep mode though. My favorite is that they've recently started animating their "Get the app" button in the header. That's both immediately on page load, _and_ on an interval as you're reading, meaning it's impossible to read for more than a minute or so without an animation distracting you. Is it just me or has the mobile web taken a nosedive in recent years? Imgur won't even let you upload images from mobile anymore without their app, reddit is getting progressively more annoying, "Get the app" buttons and modals and banners are getting progressively more prominent and dark-pattern-y, and the default for all web pages now seems to be to include regardless of whether the developers actually tested that their web page works on small screens, meaning web pages which would've just fallen back to desktop emulation mode in the past just simply don't work at all. Yeah, no, my experience is that reader modes usually remove blocks of code or images or paragraphs at random. I will rather have a bad reading experience than one where I always worry in the back of my mind that some cruicial part of the content is missing. A few too many times, I have read an article, finding it a bit vague and honestly not that good, only to find that all the code blocks or some of the images were gone. I don't know, I seem to hear now and then complaints from relatively non-nerdy people about websites are bugging them about apps or don't work or force them to use their computer because the mobile page doesn't have some necessary feature. Besides, even if everyone is using, say, Reddit, from a dedicated reddit app, links they click will still open in a web view. A link to a medium.com article will still bug you about getting the app; you're there from a dedicated app, but not from _their_ app. Similarly, if an image happens to open in an imgur.com web view instead of a dedicated image viewer, there will be "Get the app" buttons hovering over the image - again, you're visiting their content from a dedicated app, but not _their_ app. If mobile web pages did just enough to make it obvious to their users that there are apps which the user can download, I'd believe you that it's just corporations being altruistic and wanting the best user experience for their users. They don't though. They intentionally break their mobile pages by removing important functionality, they have modals which reappear for every load trying to trick you by making the big orange "Continue" button take you to the app store, while having a tiny link which is easy to miss-click taking you to the page you're actually trying to visit, they put "get the app"-buttons _over_ the content, sometimes even with no close button, they try to distract you from the content you're trying to read by making their "Get the app" buttons fucking animate around. This is not just corporations being altruistic and keeping their users' well-being at heart. This is corporations wanting to optimize for user interaction and data collection, and the best way to do that is to make their users use a dedicated app for just their content, where the user will always be reminded that they should check Imgur whenever they unlock their phones, they can send their users a notification about what's trending on /r/AskReddit if they detect their users haven't used their app for a while, they can make sure their users won't leave for a competitor as easily. I mostly read random people's programming related blog posts. Knowing whether the article just is kind of bad at explaining what it's trying to say, or if important parts of it is missing, is really not obvious. If paragraphs of text go missing, maybe you notice it instantly, but if it's images or code blocks which aren't explicitly mentioned in the body text of the article and just let exist to contextualize or demonstrate what the author is talking about, how will you know that something is missing? More importantly, is it even possible to develop a heuristic which catches almost all cases where parts are missing, without lots of false positives for cases which are just inexperienced authors writing bad articles? One huge thing we're giving up when moving from JS to TS is iteration speed though. The typescript compiler is not only an additional step, it's also ridiculously slow compared to other languages' compilers. A lot of tests end up testing things which would've been caught by the type system. Static and strong typing doesn't make tests in general unnecessary, but it does mean you don't need quite so many trivial tests. Nah, my day job is writing C++ and most of my side projects are C. I have nothing against compiled languages, and if the compiler is fast enough, just having `make && ./whatever` in my shell history is almost indistinguishable from `node index.js`. It's just that it takes _over a second_ for tsc to compile hello world, and all javascript tooling feels similarly sluggish to me. I have similar issues with java; make starts compiling stuff in microseconds, while grade doesn't spawn a javac process in what feels like forever. I probably shouldn't have lead with the "not only is it an extra step" thing. I haven't really ever seriously used flow or babel transpilation. My experience with compiled languages is mostly gcc which has initialized and started compiling in microseconds, or just writing plain JS which doesn't need transpilation. "Nearly the same performance as Flow/ES in Babel" isn't the benchmark I use. > We don't need to restart the compiler on each iteration. You can just use an auto reloader for that. Interesting, I hadn't considered that. I've always just had a build script (usually in package.json), and run that when I change something (either with an inotifywait loop or manually). It does make sense that if you're instead keeping one long-running node.js process instead of spawning a new node.js instance every time, tsc's slow start-up won't matter as much. I'll have to keep that in mind next time I end up doing typescript work. I have used Angular, using a long-running webpack process which does angular template and typescript compilation, and I found that to be excruciatingly slow even for small changes, but I'm willing to bet that has more to do with Angular than with Typescript. > C++ is a funny example to mention because it scales pretty poorly in the compilation time aspect C++'s compile times are horrible, I won't try to defend it - waiting another eight hours for Chromium to compile because you need a build with debug symbols is just horrible. However, most of my time actually working on relatively small C++ code bases is pretty good; compiling each individual file doesn't take very long, and you only recompile the files which have actually changed, and recompiling one C++ file and re-linking the project takes around 0.4 seconds (unless you're doing something stupid like linking in all of webrtc, which we admittedly do for a couple of projects at work). Compiling a typescript file which just contains `console.log("Hello World");` on the other hand takes a bit over a second. (I know compiling hello world isn't very relevant when your compiler is a long-running process instead of a one-shot thing, I'm just including it because that's what my experience with tsc has been until now.) Do you happen to know of any good resources for how you would run the compiler multiple times from one node.js process? I imagine webpack maybe does it already, but I would be interested to import the compiler as a library or something, and do some testing to see how big of a difference it actually makes to not start a new javascript VM every time. We did? TIL. > 2. Because Windows has case-insensitive filenames, and Linux, etc., have case sensitive filenames, we recommend that path/filenames be in lower case for portability. This annoys some people. That's also a problem in most other languages; just a couple of days ago, someone else's C++ code didn't compile on my machine because they had accidentally included when the file was actually named , because macOS is case insensitive. I had the same experience with JavaScript some months ago, that time because they were running Windows. On the "filenames must be valid identifiers" thing; I really wish more languages would start allowing kebab-case in identifiers. That's also absolutely not a D thing, more of a common complaint about most languages. I don't think requiring whitespace around operators is such a bad thing. My personal coding style generally looks like `int foo = 10 + (something - 20);` anyways, and I think that style is a lot more readable than `int foo=10+(something-20);`. If you require whitespace around almost all operators, you open up the possibility of naming identifiers basically anything, which lets you have conventions like naming predicates or boolean members with a question mark at the end. In my opinion, `myObject.whatever?` looks a lot better than `myObject.isWhatever`. Exactly which operators should require whitespace and which don't is up for debate, but in my personal opinion, requiring space around infix operators and letting prefix/postfix operators not require a space would be appropriate. Nobody wants to have to write `myArray [i]`, but I think most people would be willing to give up `i-1` and instead write `i - 1`. You wouldn't have to require whitespace around all operators; you could, for example, decide that infix math/bitwise/logic operators must have a space around them, while other operators (like the infix operators `.` and `->`, and the prefix/suffix `++`, `--`, `[...]`, and `!`) wouldn't require whitespace. I agree that nobody would want to write `i ++` or `foo [10]` or `myvar . mymember`, but I think a lot of people could get behind `10 - 20` and `foo && bar` instead of `10-20` and `foo&&bar`. Sure, just make everyone replace their keyboard with one which has two `-` buttons and make everyone understand why they need two buttons for something which looks like the same letter and you can safely use – for one thing and — for the other. Isn't it nicer to just... not use anything related to Oracle though? Oracle still holds a tremendous amount of power over OpenJDK, right? Oracle has also demonstrated in court that the Java API is their intellectual property, and that they are willing to go after people for reimplementing them. OpenJDK might be blessed, but I'd still be afraid of having anything to do with their intellectual property. That's also one of the primary reasons I'm not very excited about ZFS. > There are already lots of non-Oracle distributions of OpenJDK: Azul's Zulu, AdoptOpenJDK, Amazon's Corretto and I'm not aware of any aggression towards those projects. I don't see how that's relevant? I wasn't aware of any aggression towards Google, until Oracle suddenly decided to aggress. The fact that Oracle hasn't been aggressive towards non-Oracle OpenJDK distributions in the past doesn't mean they won't be aggressive in the future. Oh, that wasn't intended as an argument that OpenJDK is unsafe, I was just asking why it's relevant that Oracle hasn't shown aggression towards non-Oracle OpenJDK distributions yet, when nobody has brought up concerns about how Oracle already is aggressive towards OpenJDK distributions. I can probably agree that Oracle is relatively unlikely to start coming after people for patent infringement related to using OpenJDK or forks thereof, when OpenJDK is licensed under a license with a patent grant. My biggest concern is just that Oracle seems like a thoroughly evil and unpredictable company, and I wouldn't like to use technology they own and which uses patents they own. I wouldn't have imagined that Oracle would ever come after people for re-implementing their API; I can't imagine what Oracle will do in the future, but I won't build a business or institution around the assumption that they will do nothing. It's not like there aren't a plethora of other solutions for anything developed by Oracle, most of which are better than Oracle's alternatives. The HTML includes this: window.ga = window.ga || ((...args) => (ga.q = ga.q || []).push(args));ga('create', 'UA-130560367-1', 'auto');ga('set', 'transport', 'beacon');ga('set', 'anonymizeIp', true);ga('send', 'pageview'); The network pane in my browser, when disabling ublock, looks like this: https://s.mort.coffee/d/img/scr-2019-02-03-74462.png Their mobile website has also started literally animating the "get the app" button; every minute or so, the button pulses for a bit in a deliberate (and in my case, consistently successful) attempt to make your attention move to the button they want you to click instead of the content you want to read. The reddit community is great, but the company seems to not care about their users at all. I don't quite understand. A rouge root user in X can just replace the /usr/bin/X binary with their own version which records the screen and logs user input or does whatever they want the next time the user restarts X, or better yet, install a kernel module of their own and have arbitrary code running in ring 0. What exact attack vectors do you see in X which you don't see in Wayland, which actually makes a difference and isn't completely overshadowed by all the other things a root user can do? Having used a bunch of libraries which seem to think that their source code with types (or auto-generated docs based on the types) is enough to be considered documentation... source code with types or auto-generated docs based on types isn't enough to be considered documentation. Personally, I don't like the service, and hate the company, but I would've had to be paid a huge amount of money to close my account because there's tonnes of people I interact with and create plans to meet up with through messenger. Move everyone I want to interact with to some other messaging service, like telegram or signal, and I'd jump on it in an instant. You can't say for sure that any new Google product is guaranteed to have horrible customer support, but you probably should assume that any new Google product has horrible customer support until you see proof of the contrary. I fixed that by making a small script which sends the output to `less` if it's over 30 lines: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/master/bin/msoak With that, `msoak make` will show the first lines first, and let you scroll down to see the rest. (Simply doing `make | less` isn't enough, because you need to fool the program into thinking it's sending output to a TTY for nice colors.) Most people who write for the web probably do indeed write in something like markdown, which means they probably sprinkle in a bit of HTML for the parts which markdown doesn't natively support. I imagine a lot of blog posts written in markdown contain a few elements, for example. Anyone writing math content for the web using markdown will have to either write the mathml directly, or write the math expressions in another language and manually compile it to mathml which is copy/pasted into the document. Maybe the CMS they happen to use will some day add native support for compiling latex, but that sounds rather unlikely. Could there be some way to only disable webm on youtube? Disabling webm for all of the web just because it makes youtube annoying seems unfortunate. Most discussion about the EU cookie directive doesn't mention it, but not all cookies require consent. From https://privacypolicies.com/blog/eu-cookie-law/#some-cookies... : "This shall not prevent any technical storage or access for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network, or as strictly necessary in order for the provider of an information society service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user to provide the service." Of course, no website will ever tell you "Hey, we're using cookies to track you"; it's in most companies' (both legal consulting companies' and website owners') best interest to keep people ignorant. Consulting companies want website owners to be scared and buy legal consulting services, and website owners want people to think that the pop-ups are a result of stupid EU legislation and not because they are actually being tracked. I'm fairly sure I agree with out that the law wouldn't achieve its purpose even if it was implemented "correctly", and it certainly doesn't achieve its purpose with how it's implemented by websites today. I considered adding a short sentence about that, but ended up not doing it. I'm just tired of the vast amount of misinformation out there, and people discussing as if the directive applies to all cookies and only to cookies. I'm not entirely sure if a user account at an online store would require consent; in my view, cookies would be "strictly necessary" to provide the user experience a user expects which includes being able to create an account to save their shopping cart and view their order history, while using cookies to show tailored product suggestions wouldn't be. However, IANAL and I haven't even read through the text of the directive. In any case, the vast majority of the times I see the cookie notice are times where there are exactly zero reason to use cookies (or other methods of persistent storage) other than tracking, such as blog posts and news articles. Every single one of those websites would be able to get rid of their annoying pop-ups if they just spied on their users a bit less. I'm constantly annoyed by that horrible feature too. It usually doesn't cause a misclick anymore, but it's really annoying that every time I go back to look a the next search result, the result moves once I've moved my cursor to the result I want to click. Isn't it a pretty bad idea to have a workflow which involves --force? If it's to keep history tidy, why not just develop on a separate branch and do squash merges? I'll admit I haven't used git in extremely complex circumstances, but I've always viewed --force as something you do only if you really mess up, such as pushing secrets (and that should obviously be in addition to invalidating those keys and generating new ones). Ironically, I found the title to have the opposite effect; I read that "Node's oldest NPM package is being deprecated", and didn't think much of it; I imagine the oldest package in a repo is often just some kind of test package or some boring utility which isn't relevant anymore. It was first after clicking and reading that it's talking about requests that I thought, "oh, that's actually a kind of big deal". From your first link: > Increasingly, scientists believe that climate change is driving the warming waters and setting up a new regime in the Great Lakes that may lead to lower lake levels and a permanently altered shoreline. ... > “The El Niño-driven warmer temperatures are a surrogate for what the future climate might be. The lower lake levels during that time may be a signal of what might be happening under longer term climate change.” I don't see where it says scientists were saying anything for sure, the claim is just that the lower water level "may" be caused by climate change. The truth is that climate is complex and climate models are imperfect; there's a lot we don't know for sure. What we _do_ know for sure, however, is that atmospheric CO2 has a big influence on the earth's climate, that periods of higher levels of CO2 has historically been at the same time as higher temperatures, and that we are seeing actual measurable changes in things like average temperatures. The effects those changes have on any particular lake, wether its water levels will drop due to increased evaporation, or rise due to wetter summers, is hard to say for certain; we can just strive for making ever more accurate predictive models. Also, the graph in your second link isn't loading, so I can't comment specifically on that. > If something is wrong, someone has to do something, right? We can't just sit on our asses and wait. Hey, government! Go do something! Yeah. Other than a revolution, the most realistic way to make sure that happens is to vote for people who care about this stuff, and against e.g people who claim climate change is a hoax. I'm not sure I agree it's the ideal way to do it. That's a heck of a lot of work for one function to do, and it necessarily duplicates the functionality of a ton of other functions. And that's ignoring the fact that forking without ever exec'ing can be really useful in many cases. I haven't yet read the paper, but considering the incredible simplicity from the programmer's PoV that fork provides, and the fact that at least Linux makes it pretty god damn fast, especially compared to Windows' non-forking model, I can't really see myself agreeing with their conclusion. The argument isn't that Markdown is bad because there are competing implementations. The argument is that Markdown is bad because there is no standard for those implementations to adhere to, so they end up being wildly incompatible. With HTML, there will be browser differences, but there's a pretty well-defined standard which browsers try to adhere to; there will be bugs, but at least you can know you're writing standards-compliant HTML, and then work around particular browser engines as necessary. You say Markdown has a common set of features, but what is that common set? There's no standard, and I find myself surprisingly frequently struggle with figuring out what's the correct way in a particular markdown engine to do what I need to do. An example is that in Reddit's markdown; this text: ``` if (true) { console.log("hi"); } ``` will all end up as inline code, with all the newlines and extra whitespace stripped out. The correct way to do it in Reddit's markdown is to hit the space bar (n+1)*4 times before each line, where n is the indentation level. Some (but presumably not all) other markdown engines would render it as a code block. Markdown engines are also wildly inconsistent about when they treat something as a link, and whether they require a blank line between a paragraph and code blocks or lists. They seem to mostly agree about how explicit links and bold and emphasis and headings work though, so if that's your consistent common set of features, I suppose you're right. Yeah, CommonMark is awesome, and if the argument was about CommonMark and not Markdown in general, I'd be on the other side of the argument. However, most Markdown renderers don't implement CommonMark. It's 339 bytes of CSS which loads 2.3k of font css which loads 21k of woff2. 23k requiring two round trips (three if the stylesheet is in a separate file, four including the initial HTML load), and to prevent FOUT, the browser won't show any text at all until all the round trips are completed (or it decides it's taking too long and shows the wrong font). Plus you're adding a dependency on Google for no good reason. I mean, it's not exactly worse than other websites, it's maybe honestly worth it because Fira looks pretty good, it's just not really 339 bytes. He was pretty clear that he's going to answer the question from a topological perspective though, not using any colloquial definition of "hole". "A big enough quantitative change equals a qualitative one" isn't really how topology operates (as illustrated by how, topologically, a doughnut is the same shape as a coffe cup). Do you have any particular models in mind? I have one of those laptops with integrated and discrete cards. Really, it works way better than you'd think; the official discrete GPU driver is a part of the kernel and gets better with each kernel release and requires no weird proprietary blobs, and running a program on the discrete instead of integrated GPU just requires running it with `DRI_PRIME=1` in the environment. The main issues with GPUs in Linux rests squarely on nvidia's shoulders. Intel has worked flawlessly for ages, and after AMD actually started upstreaming their drivers, their cards have been a dream to work with. When someone complains that they enjoyed using DE X, and the distro switches to DE Y, they get told that they can just install and keep using DE X. When they later come asking about issues they're having related to DE X, they get told that it's not officially supported and that they should probably switch to DE Y. Both responses on their own are perfectly reasonable, but it's understandable if users get a bit frustrated. Yeah, it's certainly an issue, because people do have nvidia cards and they don't work as well as they should have on Linux. I'm just pointing out that it's in large part nvidia's fault, not really Linux' graphics stack's. I myself have an nvidia card in my desktop, and while it's _mostly_ fine with the proprietary drivers, there are occasional graphical glitches which just don't happen with other cards. (The nouveau drivers just don't work at all, which is also largely nvidia's fault from what I understand, due to not providing many docs and forcing the nouveau folks to reverse engineer everything.) Coincidentally, I decided to try getting into OpenCL a couple days ago. I've just used the Intel OpenCL runtime, but Arch Wiki's GPGPU page mentions opencl-nvidia: https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/GPGPU#NVIDIA I don't understand why CUDA is that big, when it's locked down and supported by only one vendor, and OpenCL exists and is open and supported by all vendors. But then again, there are probably some market forces I don't understand; I also can't really grasp why Direct3D is that big when it's locked down and supported by only one OS vendor and OpenGL exists. No, you can't. Not when more and more phones ship with locked bootloaders and a smaller and smaller percentage of phones actually work well with some AOSP spin and none of the apps you use work without an unrooted, closed-source-Google-API-infested phone. That's not out of the ordinary though? Any time you compile C or C++ code, you're creating a process from the same GCC/Clang/whatever executable but with different arguments for each source file. For a big project, it's not uncommon for there to be thousands or tens of thousands of small source files. Creating and maintaining processes is the core responsibility of an operating system. Say what now? Users are entitled for being in control of their own systems? Are you crazy? Hmm, I don't know. It seems reasonable for an airline to think that A) the standard plane is more than safe enough (as it should be), and that B) other airlines will have a competitive advantage if they don't opt for the warning light. We can certainly blame them for putting profits above safety by taking calculated risks, but I don't think we can expect companies to act otherwise, at least under current economic systems. Really, it's Boeing, and governmental oversight bodies, who were in the best position to know if the plane was dangerous without a warning light, and therefore to make sure all planes have a warning light. I think the most widely accepted definition for "garbage collection" is something which frees memory automatically, as opposed to manually freeing memory (or other memory management schemes). In fact, the second paragraph of Wikipedia's page on garbage collection[1] says that "Garbage collection is essentially the opposite of manual memory management, which requires the programmer to specify which objects to deallocate and return to the memory system". [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garbage_collection_(computer_s... > Having instantaneous access to Applications / Places / System (with text labels!) makes so much sense I don't really get that. I suppose I've just never gotten used to it, but I just find that typing the name of the application is so much easier and faster. If I know I want to e.g launch Nautilus, why would I first spend time thinking about whether it's a "place" or an "application" or a part of the "system"? Is my text editor an "educational" program or an "office" program or an "accessory"? Or maybe _that_ is a "system" tool? I'm actually genuinely curious about this; how is it better to mouse through hierarchical categories and look for an application, instead of just hitting super and typing the first couple of characters? Especially something like KDE's start menu, where you can hit super and start typing, or hit super (or click the icon) and mouse through similar categories to not lose the discoverability benefits of categories. You're exactly right, the exact level of qualification is impossible to quantify. Therefore, we can really only go with rough approximations; this person has experience in the field before, or has relevant education, or has done a lot of similar work before in hobby projects, or whatever. From what I understand, the suggestion is that if one person is obviously more qualified than another, you pick the most qualified person regardless of other factors, but if there are multiple people where it's unclear who is better, you pick the person who's from a marginalized group. If we had some kind of ultra-precise scientific way to measure a person's level of qualification, the point would be moot; it would be highly unlikely that two people would measure exactly the same, so we would never be in a situation where we choose based on other factors than qualifications. It's precisely because it's impossible to determine exactly how qualified someone is (probably by the very nature of what we mean by "qualified") that the idea has any merit at all. How would one transport the waste across the country? I imagine there are some security issues with that too. I wasn't afraid of terrorists or people making bombs, I'm not American. I was worried about a truck or train crashing and showering an area in nuclear waste. > The cask systems are designed to handle a wide range of severe environmental conditions, including earthquakes, flooding, extreme temperatures, and tornadoes. This includes objects that may impact the cask at high speed, such as during a tornado. I suppose that means they withstand a car crash too. Doesn't mean it will run at its max speed. Thermals are a huge issue in phone CPUs, and that's even worse when you add the heat generated by charging the battery. Maybe it's always running at 2.5GHz when plugged in, I don't know, but it seems extremely likely that it'll try to use less power just to reduce heat output. You have absolutely nothing to base that guess on though? What if Apple made the CPU to usually peak at, say, 2GHz and only go up to 2.5 under very special circumstances? What if the author has a, say, iPhone Xs, and the Xs's CPU is limited to never exceed 2.3GHz while the same CPU in the Xs Max reaches 2.5GHz? Or any number of other factors which I couldn't even start guessing at because the CPUs in smartphones and the software and firmware which controls them is an extremely complicated matter which I'd bet neither of us has any first-hand experience with. I don't know that there are many computers out there which don't need isolated security domains. Users run javascript all the time, cloud servers obviously need security domains, regular bare metal servers generally run internet-facing applications such as web servers as unprivileged users in case they contain RCE bugs. The word "serverless" is a new word which wasn't used for anything in particular, and it's fairly descriptive, as you don't have to manage severs, you just have code which runs whenever you make certain HTTP requests. Obviously there's a server involved, but you don't have to care about it (for the most part; obviously abstractions are leaky). The phrase "vrtual memory" is old and still widely used, and it refers to... virtual memory. The memory addresses programs use are virtual addresses into virtual memory, and the kernel sets up lookup tables to let the CPU resolve that virtual memory address into a physical memory address. Saying that "VM == Swap" might be common, but it still seems completely wrong, and makes people make ridiculous claims such as "unlike on the Mac, there is no virtual memory on the iPhone". What software which requires a lot of processing power currently doesn't take advantage of multiple threads? Games are increasingly parallel, browsers do most non-JS things in parallel (and obviously run each tab in parallel), compiling code and video rendering eats CPU cores like crazy. What makes you think most young people just want "free" things by the government and lower taxes? Granted, I don't talk much with regular young americans, but the vast majority of opinions I hear on the topic seem to talk more about systemic injustices and the huge issues with seeking exponential growth above all else. I can't recall seeing anyone ever arguing for both lower taxes and free healthcare/education/whatever at the same time. > - Clickbait headings with misleading information > Does this really put off more than about 10% of people? Even if people find it distasteful, do people actually resist clicking? I don't know, but I certainly know that there are news (mostly tech news) websites I have all but entirely stopped engaging with because any time I go to them, I read one headline ("This Spotify-feature has been wanted for years!", "Do you see what HP has done here?", "See what Dell has done", something like that) and just close out the tab again. Maybe it puts of "just" 10% of people, but 10% is a fairly big chunk, isn't it? > - Disabling the user from reading if ad-block is present > What percentage of users use ad blockers these days? And how many just disable it to read the thing they were willing to click for? A random article saying it's 40% on laptops, 15% on mobile: https://marketingland.com/survey-shows-us-ad-blocking-usage-... Another article saying it's 22% of people in the UK, 32% of people in germany, etc: https://www.emarketer.com/content/ad-blocking-in-the-uk-2018 Those were just the two first results on Google for the query "what percentage of users are using ad blockers". I don't know how many people just leave when a page asks them to disable their ad blockers, but I have to imagine it's a fairly big chunk of people who use ad blockers, which, as shown above, is a fairly big chunk of internet users. > - Tracking the user with 3rd party scripts > Ok who actually leaves a site they believe tracks them? like 0.0001% of web users? I don't know, I'm fairly sure the issue with pervasive tracking is relatively well known even among non-"techies". How many regular users haven't been told to use an ad blocker by a tech-literate friend, with third-party tracking being one of the reasons cited? The vast majority of people may not avoid a website just because of invisible trackers (except maybe due to the massive performance hits from all the javascript), but I imagine the knowledge of such tracking scripts at least affects the percentage of people who are willing to disable their ad blockers when a page asks. Saying that "people hate change, even when it's good for them" has to be the most arrogant thing I've read today. If someone is most comfortable using their browser with a certain extension for which there is no good WebExtensions-based alternative, how can you say that forcing them to stop using that extension is "good for them"? Even if there is a suitable alternative, which requires re-learning a bunch of things the user is used to, how is that change "good for them"? The move away from XUL and NPAPI is great for Mozilla, it makes it easier to maintain and develop the browser, it's probably good for extension developers (except for those who now can't port their extension to the new API because it's more limited), but it's not good for users who are forced to take time out of their day to find and alternatives or users who just have to accept that what they were previously using their browser for just isn't possible anymore with Firefox. Saying that change is "good" for users even if the users don't realize it and resist, prevents us from considering the very real negative effects of introducing breaking changes or removing features of our software. What empirical data do you have to back up that claim? Except that code points aren't the proper abstraction for "characters". Most people would think of [1] as one character, but it's really five code points; woman, zero width joiner, woman, zero width joiner, girl, zero width joiner, boy. If you tried doing an operation like reversing a string or removing the last character, and you treated a unicode code point as a "character", you would end up with the wrong result. If you just removed the last code point to implement a backspace, you would end up with a string which ends in a zero width joiner, which makes little sense; and when the user wants to insert, say, a girl emoji, that emoji will end up as a part of the family due to that trailing joiner, when the user expected it to be a separate emoji. This applies to more than just emojis by the way; there are languages whose unicode representation is much more complicated than english or other languages with latin characters. [1]: https://emojipedia.org/family-woman-woman-girl-boy/ EDIT: This comment originally used the actual emojis as examples, but hacker news just replaced every code point in the emoji with a space. I'm not trying to argue that Firefox shouldn't have deprecated XUL or NPAPI. I'm one of the people who didn't depend on any add-ons which aren't available anymore; I just had to update the add-on I wrote to work with the new API, which was easy because it's one of those add-ons which essentially just needs some javascript to be injected into all web pages. I'm just saying that when Mozilla decided to break the browser for many people, it wasn't "good for" the people who ended up with a browser which doesn't let them do what they want. It's not even "good for" the people who "only" had to invest hours into learning a new workflow with a new set of add-ons. Pretending that it is, is harmful; there are very real drawbacks which have to be weighed up against the advantages of a cleaner API which it's easier to maintain and which might be more secure. I think Mozilla absolutely made the right choice; I just don't think we can focus exclusively on the benefits and pretend that the costs don't exist. I'm also kind of curious about how the security angle works. Currently, any WebExtension which asks for the proper permission can just read the content of your banking websites if it wants, and send what it finds (your social security number, your password, your bank account numbers, etc) to an attacker. With the new API, you still have to make sure not to install malicious add-ons. How is that different between XUL and WebExtensions? It's not really a "backup" if it's just on the same server/data center though. Moving data from one drive to another in the same machine, or from one machine to another in the same building, provides fault tolerance should the main drive/machine die, that's about it. That's true whether the computer(s) is your own or someone else's. As someone from a country which uses commas as a decimal separator (Norway)... Just use a dot. If you're not going to make a _serious_ commitment to actually make your software work well in all the various locales, use a dot. People will understand it regardless. You're probably going to do something stupid like showing the user a comma-separated list of numbers at some point, which will be needlessly hard to parse for a human when your numbers use a comma as a decimal separator. You (or someone else, or your users if they are technical) will probably at some point make something which tries to parse some output, and that will break if you switch between points and commas arbitrarily. Your users will want to copy a number your software prints and paste it into a calculator or REPL or something, and that probably doesn't work with comma as a decimal separator. Half-assed "localization" from people who don't know anything about how other countries work is just needlessly annoying to be subjected to. That's at least my perspective as a Norwegian who experiences a lot of _bad_ localization even though I know English fairly well and configure all my computing devices to use English. The perspective of someone from a country where English is less well known might be different. Examples of horrible localization from clueless American companies or organizations include: * A lot of software will use your IP address to determine your language. That's annoying when I'm in Norway and want my computers to use English, but it's horrible when abroad. No, Google, I don't want French text just because I'm staying in France for a bit. * Software will translate error messages, but not provide an error code. All information about error messages online is in English on stackoverflow or whatever. If Debian prints an error message in Norwegian, there's absolutely no information about the error anywhere on the web. * There was a trend for a while where websites would tick the "localization" checkbox by adding a Google Translate widget, so English websites would automatically translate themselves into completely broken Norwegian automatically. That would've been useless if I didn't know English, and it's even worse considering I already know the source language just as well as Norwegian. Luckily, most websites seem to have stopped doing that. > In a socialized or communist nation, you would expect all national infrastructure, if not all means of production, to be nationalized, i.e., owned & run by the govt. While the gist of your point is correct, I feel I should mention that socialism or communism doesn't necessitate that the means of production is nationalized and government owned. The means of production could just as well be owned by the workers, not the government. I suppose a bomb is a threat whether the plane flies or not, while a drone is only a threat if the airport decides to fly planes despite knowing there are drones in the area. Where did I claim workers ran the USSR? Part of the problem is that we don't really have nice ways to send POST requests from something which looks like links, from what I can tell. An tag can only ever send a GET request. It can't be made to submit a form (without JS) afaik. The only simple way to have something the user can click to send a POST request is to use a or in a form, and styling that to look like a link is absolute hell. I'm sure that if we had proper HTML tools from the start to say, "I want this thing to look like a link, but I want it to send a POST request", we'd at least have less such issues. I don't even see the issue. Link previews are super useful, GET requests are guaranteed to not have side effects. There are privacy issues related to sending the requests from the user's device, but those don't apply if the servers instead of the app makes those requests. It's really not the messenger services' problem that someone's web app claims to speak HTTP but doesn't. Sure, it's possible, and every web application worth its salt should make sure it doesn't use GET requests to mutate state. I'm just saying that if it wasn't so unintuitive (i.e having to just know of all the styles browsers tend to apply to buttons, and how to change them to how browsers tend to style buttons), people would have made that mistake less. The thought process should have been as straightforward as, "I want this link to modify state, so I'll use ". I agree that using JS is probably okay for most tasks these days, but 1) a lot of web platforms were written at a time before JS was widespread, and 2) just throwing together some HTML is a lot easier than adding javascript to every link. (If you don't think that speed/ease of programming matters; you'd be surprised to learn how many internal tools various places use were just thrown together and isn't a polished product.) So essentially Java checked exceptions but which also applies to descendants of RuntimeException? I hope the Coreboot people are extremely careful about this. Accepting code from a giant agency with the goal of making everyone less safe is very dangerous. I got curious and found the post you were referring to ( https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2004/10/the_legacy_of... ). They tweaked the algorithm, and that tweak turned out to make it more secure; they also cut the key size by more than half, making sure they could brute force it. That doesn't exactly scream benevolence. > If they start publicy recommending coreboot for what they deem senstive installations then their intentions are obviously not malicious. How can you know that? If they actually did install a backdoor into coreboot, they'd obviously just patch it out of their own installations. I mean, being primarily contributed by the NSA is a great reason to not use SELinux, especially if you're outside of the US. AppArmor exists and does a lot of the same job, so why not use the safer option? Have you even _tried_ registering a domain? Any time I go looking for nice domain names, either for fun or for a purpose, I go through a ton of excellent domain names owned by squatters who sell the domains for ridiculous or undisclosed prices, before finding a few less desirable domain names which are actually available. How are squatters a "myth" in any way? I wasn't talking about buying a domian for fun, but about looking at what domains are available for fun with no intention of buying them then and there. But yes, someone buying a domain and using it for something fun, be it just fun for them (and maybe their friends) or fun for the rest of the world (such as https://bad.solutions ), is a lot better than someone buying a domain just to squat on it because they think someone else may want to buy it for a lot of money some day. Playfulness and fun is actually important. > Lastly in a capitalistic society do you feel justified in being unhappy because there is physical real estate in desirable places (not startup desirable either but just desirable like Miami Beach let's say) where someone bought land or buildings years ago before you were born and now you can't afford to live there and have to pick a less desirable location? I think would be justified in being unhappy about people buying land and buildings with no intention of doing anything with them, just because they think someone else will eventually buy that real-estate for more money. AFAIK, squatting is one of the important problems inherent to housing markets, and there are laws to prevent people from just sitting on empty houses until they can sell them for enough money (although IANAL). Does Freesync make switching monitor resolutions faster..? Did you click the link..? It's fingerprinting, not just trying to legitimately play audio. Probably because there's effectively not a single person who explicitly _doesn't_ want their RAM soldered on to the mobo, and soldering on the RAM allows them to make the product thinner, which people _do_ want (or at least can be convinced they want through advertising). If the amount of extra people who will be convinced to buy a Mac because it's thinner outweighs the people who otherwise would have bought one but didn't because it has soldered-on ram, they're gonna do it. Learning web programming is amazing, since you can just start writing a .html file and open it in a browser. There is no need to learn how go set up a local http server. Chrome truly is killing that experience; you can't even load javascript modules without http involved now outside of Firefox. I really hope Mozilla doesn't "fix" this "vulnerability" by destroying the experience of people learning web programming like Google did. Most people are running Windows. That means most people trying to learn how to program are running Windows. I wouldn't want to figure out how to set up a web server on Windows myself, and absolutely wouldn't expect someone learning to program on their own to be able to art it up without getting frustrated. Even for people on Mac and Linux, having to start by learning the terminal is a pretty big and unnecessary obstacle to just getting to writing some JavaScript. Sure, you and I think it's easy, but it's a completely different paradigm which requires practice to get comfortable with. Even if you can be there right by someone learning to program, and help them set up a web server, they will have to remember how to do that when they want to play with programming while you're not there. That's actually quite a lot to remember when you don't yet understand what the commands mean; you think of it as "go to the directory, start SimpleHTTPServer", but they have to memorize the text they have to type. Maybe you're the one who cd'd into the correct folder for them, and they remember to type `python -M SimpleHTTPServer` in the terminal you created; they will then have problems they don't know how to solve when they go home and open a terminal and type the command and it doesn't work because they weren't in the correct directory. There were multiple questions where I would have answered "It's undefined" or "It's implementation defined", but those weren't options. It's not that I don't know the answer; I know the answer ("it's implementation defined according to the spec, but on essentially every relevant platform, the result will be X"), but the "it's implementation defined" part of my answer isn't an option, so the only possible answer becomes "on essentially every relevant platform, the answer is X". Using "I don't know" as a substitute for "I know that the standard clearly covers this, and it says that the result depends on the implementation" does seem to be designed to piss off people who know C. If they really wanted to get the point across that you don't know what is and isn't implementation defined or undefined, they shouldn't be using vague questions to mislead people; they should just plainly ask questions which people don't know the answer to. I hate this kind of questioning where you 100% know the subject matter the quiz is asking about, but the question and possible choices is so vague you have to try to interpret what you suspect the person who wrote the quiz wants the answer to be. I once had an exam which was full of that kind of multiple choice question, and guessed the exam author's intentions wrong on most of them. Ok, say I made a quiz where I ask you about what `((((16 > 16) My point isn't that there's no logically consistent answer. My point is that there are _two_ logically consistent answers, and which one is correct depends on the unknowable state of mind of the quiz author. On the other hand, if the options included "It's implementation defined" or "it's undefined", the author would have made their expectations clear, and the quiz would actually test people's knowledge of C rather than people's ability to try to reason about what sort of answer the author expects. It sounds weird to me to claim the Wayland ecosystem is less modular than the X ecosystem. With X, you're depending on one huge monolithic display server implementation; with Wayland, you can switch display server at will and they all conform to a common protocol. I get the concern that most of the functionality which used to be in separate programs is now bundled with the Wayland compositor, and I used to share it, but after getting more involved with Wayland stuff, I don't think it's really that big of a deal. The wlroots people have been really good at introducing new common protocols for stuff people actually need. The Wayland ecosystem, at least outside of Gnome, is actually really nice and improving. When it doesn't work on anything other than localhost, you can't host a web server on your dev machine and test how it works on your phone. I've been through the hell of trying to test WebRTC applications on mobile Safari, and it's horrible. Specifically, you need HTTPS for WebRTC, but you obviously have to use a self signed cert because local IP. You can ignore the cert error and load the page, but connecting to the websocket for signaling will still fail because websocket on iOS requires a non-self-signed cert. Non-HTTPS websocket would work, but not from a HTTPS host. So you're in a situation where you need HTTPS due to WebRTC, but you can't use HTTPS due to websockets. In trying to push people to HTTPS by disabling features on HTTP, we're making development a _much_ worse experience. I'm not sure that's right. I don't imagine that works on mobile chrome, which is what the parent comment was talking about. But how do you do local development when you can't get an SSL cert for your dev machine's server? No, self signed certs don't always do what you need, especially on mobile where you can't just add your cert as a trusted cert easily. > This is clearly more complicated than ideal, but it should work. Exactly. Imagine you're someone who just wants to play around with cool web technologies. Maybe you're fairly new to web dev; maybe you're fairly new to the world of programming in general and you're using the web to learn it, which has historically been one of the huge strengths of the web. You suddenly encounter a brick wall, where you figure out that programming isn't enough; you have to fork over money for a domain and learn how SSL works and how to set up let's encrypt and how to make root certs and how to install them on your phone, just because you wanted to play with something you found interesting. The web looks like it's going away from being a good platform to learn and play with programming in the name of security. It will be annoying but workable for most professional programmers who can just do whatever hacks they need to get by, but we're erecting some monumental barriers to learn this stuff. You already can't even include a fucking javascript module file from an html file without learning how to set up and configure a web server because Chrome blocks modules when using file://. Ah, TIL. Though it doesn't work on iOS Chrome, and you want to test on iOS too obviously. What security concerns though? It's not like accessing the camera on a random attacker controlled HTTP page is less secure than on a random attacker controlled HTTPS page. If the user lets a malicious web page access the camera, that's game over regardless. I'm all for doing stuff to tell users that the HTTP page they're visiting is insecure, but telling people who are new to web dev to get a domain and learn how the world of SSL and domains work is actually a pretty fucking big hurdle. They'll have to get into that if they want to get serious about it, sure, but there's no reason to unnecessarily front-load the frustrating and complicated and unrelated parts. You may think it's acceptable, I value the web's accessibility to new developers. Surely there's better ways to convince sites to use HTTPS than to say they can't use getUserMedia on HTTP. That's both true and completely irrelevant. I... wasn't complaining about Google though? I said you can't enable chrome://flags/#unsafely-treat-insecure-origin-as-secure (or an equivalent) on iOS, not that it's Google's fault that you can't. I have to imagine the "just open a .html file and start playing" route is a huge vector for getting people into proper programming. I know it's what both I and my brother did. Maybe you don't agree, but I think it's a horrible shame that we're making that route less and less possible by disabling features for anything other than HTTPS. Glitch honestly looks really good, but I'm a bit worried about telling people that the way to learn programming is to rely on a random for-profit corporation's computers rather than letting people realize the actual power they have over their own machine. > I can't remember the last time I've been feature-burned by a FOSS project. The GNOME project comes to mind as free software which regularly feature-burns their users, arguing that people who really needed the feature can monkey-patch their DE's javascript to add it back in. You're right though, most FOSS seems way less likely to remove features people actually depend on that most proprietary software. That's extremely misleading and you know it. Nobody starts a fucking _trial_ with the expectation that if they forget about it, they get charged a ton of money periodically until they notice. That's not just "buying something in a frequent bout of negligence". 1) Reasonable workplaces wouldn't be bothered if you browse HN while you would otherwise be unproductive (waiting for something to download or compile or load or something). 2) People use SFW/NSFW even when not at work; you wouldn't open an NSFW link in a university lecture hall because it didn't say NSFULH. What do you mean? Arch works the same way as Ubuntu; there's a package manager, you use it to install software from the system repositories. `apt-get install vlc` is no easier or more user friendly than `pacman -S vlc`. I imagine gnome-software even works it does in Ubuntu, though I haven't tried using it. The only difference is that Arch updates their repos' packages as soon as a new version is available upstream (after some testing of course), while Ubuntu doesn't. I was mostly responding to the part about how "The distribution model has the advantage of single click install". What's the difference in how "single click" installation can be between rolling and LTS? There's also the case that there's a bunch of vectors you _can't_ represent as tuples of numbers. A vector with orientation but a magnitude of 0 is a completely valid vector afaik, and you could do things with it like normalizing it to get a unit vector of the same orientation, and it's not representable as a tuple. The tuple model is extremely useful, but incomplete. I'm working on a game. I have a templated 2D vector implementation. Tile positions use Vector2 , entity positions and such use Vector2 . I wanted a map from tile position to something else. I found that I had to implement operator 1. I didn't want to implement every single possible comparison operator just to put vectors in an array, but also didn't want to arbitrarily make `foo bar` illegal. 2. What does it even mean for one vector to be "bigger than" another vector? For vector math purposes, I'd maybe expect operator In the end I just made a std::map > and added an implicit conversion from Vector2 to std::pair . Oh thanks, I somehow didn't see that. That does sound better yeah. I don't know, the way std::pair works is that it compares the two elements' `first`, or their `second` if `first` happens to be equal. That seems pretty good; lookup should still be O(n). I'll keep hash_map in mind though, and maybe do some performance testing to see which is actually faster. When are we going to stop expecting exponential growth though? Or should the exponential growth just continue indefinitely? Is there no value in having a nice S-curve, ending up as one of the most profitable companies in history, and then just staying insanely profitable for a long time in a sustainable way? I was commenting on the idea that "for Apple, [these numbers] are sort of a disaster". I agree that Apple changing from a growth company to a static company is interesting to investors. The Mac Mini is sort of limited by the lack of any graphics horsepower and the lack of stand-alone displays from Apple. You also can't get one with a really powerful CPU. It's a cool machine, but the tiny form factor is fairly limiting. Yeah, I'd expect nobody to buy a $6000 display+stand for their $1000 machine, except for special circumstances where a movie studio or something needs a reference monitor and just a weak machine to just show images on it. That's not exactly the mainstream desktop use case. That's fair. From what I hear, thunderbolt GPUs are a fair bit more finicky than internal PCIe ones, so for a desktop I'd still say having an internal GPU is better, but it should at least be a reasonably good workaround. It's a bit sad to trade reliability, GPU performance, tidiness (since the external enclosure adds more boxes and wires and power supplies), price, and CPU power just for a smaller core computer though. It gets even worse when you want a couple of big HDDs which would have just gone in drive bays with a traditional computer. With the mac mini, you'd have to add even more expensive external enclosures to your desk, which is expensive and messy. Suddenly, instead of a nice self-contained smallish desktop, you have an impressively small core machine box, with a wire to your GPU box (which has to be on top of the desk due to the short length of thunderbolt cables), a wire to your HDD box, and you still have the slower CPU. I don't really mean to say the Mac mini is a poor choice, it probably fits a bunch of desktop use cases reasonably well. It's just not as optimal as it could be. To illustrate how a real small and powerful desktop from Apple could've been: I'm using a really small (though not as small as the mac mini) Fractal Design Node 304 [0], with a 2.5 slot width, full length GPU, a 3.5" drive, two 2.5" drives, an m.2, and a standard ITX card with regular RAM and CPU slots. I have a 1080Ti and an i7 6700k in it with no thermal issues. Apple could've made a similarly expandable machine in a smaller form factor with better thermals and looks, but they... don't. [0]: https://www.fractal-design.com/home/product/cases/node-serie... I don't see how other companies are relevant? There's a lot of people selling bigger computers with a lot of power and expand ability, so there's clearly a market for that. I showed that it's not that hard to make a computer with that expandability, while not making a big tower computer; that it's not a binary choice between a powerful big tower and a really limited tiny mac mini-style computer. It also wasn't my comment's main point. I'm actually really curious, can someone please tell me why pointing out that the mac mini makes certain trade-offs for its form factor is apparently controversial? It is. I'm not saying it's a bad or overpriced monitor. I'm saying it absolutely doesn't fit the common somewhat budget-conscious desktop use case. A lot of this sounds like great work, and the GNU project is doing great work. However, I assume I'll have to prepare for more software breaking? When 2.28 rolled around, Electron and a bunch of GNU software (which relied on glibc specific stuff which changed) broke. The GNU software which broke just didn't compile (with no upstream fix available for a long time, which I found incredible; I had to go find arch linux' repos' patch and apply that whenever I wanted to compile GNU build tools). The electron thing was apparently an LLVM linker thing according to your sibling comment. EDIT: the m4 patch in question: https://git.archlinux.org/svntogit/packages.git/tree/trunk/m... - apparently they still use it. I mean, it's GNU M4. It's at the core of GNU's build system. It's GNU developers depending on glibc internals. I'd be with you if it was just some random project, but it's pretty bad of an update to glibc to break the GNU toolchain. "I" "miss" "the" "times" "when" "I" "didn't" "have" "to" "type" "like" "this". Taking orders from gay people and hosting services for sites which support far-right terrorism aren't exactly the same though. We can be against suppressing gay people and for suppressing far-right terrorism even if the means by which the suppression happens is similar. What system are you talking about if not the system where people and companies can choose who they wish to associate with? I should clarify, I'm not advocating complete freedom in this regard. We don't want a society where it's hard to be a gay person because lots of companies deny service to homosexuals. However, we also can't claim that every company should always have to serve everyone. There is certainly some nuance and ambiguity here, but not hosting services for groups which support far-right terror seems to be fairly reasonable. What about those communities? I'm sure they can stay on 8chan, or find somewhere else? I'd not say the recent far-right terrorism is just from some individual psychopaths with no value for human life. There's a ton of far-right/alt-right ideas out there, on platforms like 8chan, which actively demonizes certain groups of people. It's not like these shootings are just crazy people who just want to kill people at random; they want to kill the people they see as the "enemy". I don't believe it should make much difference if someone was born gay or not. It's not because gay people were born gay that they should be accepted, but rather that there's nothing wrong with being gay. If someone somehow chose to become gay, they deserve as much acceptance as someone born gay. The difference is that being attracted to people of your own gender doesn't negatively affect anyone, while nazism as an ideology explicitly wants to hurt certain groups of people. I don't understand what you mean. Presumably, they will also either continue using 8chan or find somewhere else? > I want companies that facilitate speech to be forced to tolerate all legal speech on their platforms. It's that simple. I don't think it's that simple. Taken at face value, you want it to be illegal for someone (say, a game publisher) to have a discussion forum which facilities speech around a particular topic (say, their game) while banning off-topic discussions (say, porn). I'm therefore going to assume you're just thinking of companies which facilitate all kinds of speech, such as forums like Reddit and Twitter and infrastructure like Cloudflare, but excluding Hacker News and lobste.rs and /r/factorio which focus on a particular subject area. The problem with your approach is that, invariably, a discussion forum which doesn't get rid of despicable content ends up repelling people who dislike that content and attracting people who like that kind of content. A great example is voat.co, which looked like a fairly good Reddit alternative until its free speech absolutism ended up attracting all kinds of hateful people and content. If a platform isn't allowed to reject legal speech, we would need much stronger laws regarding what counts as hate speech and what doesn't. I don't know if that's what you want. You're saying that as if you have made a point, but I still don't understand what you mean. Could you explain what your actual point is? Yeah, any time I end up in that situation I just hold the power button and prey to the journaling gods. It's a serious issue, I'm extremely glad it looks like there's actually some progress on fixing it. If there's one process going crazy and using tonnes of memory, what does a maximum number of processes help? We're not talking about a forkbomb here, just one rogue process. The issue isn't that the OOM killer is too aggressive and killing the consoles or shells you're trying to use to rescue your system. The issue is that when you're trashing, the system becomes unresponsive; it's hard to recover the system because it takes many minutes to even just switch to a TTY. It's a somewhat common trick I believe. The idea is this; you want newlines inbetween your tags, but if you have HTML code like ` foo \n bar `, you end up with an unwanted text node with a space inbetween the divs which changes how the page looks. By putting the newline inside the tags instead of between them, you don't have any unwanted text nodes. I believe they call it the tick-tock-tock-tock-tock-tock cycle; shrink, microarchitecture, optimization, optimization, rebranding, rebranding. Most people have used lots of Qt apps and lots of Electron apps, which is enough to get an impression of the general performance characteristics of each. "Everyone wants a SPA" is such bullshit. GitHub used to just load for a hundred milliseconds and then show me everything I needed; now it loads for a hundred milliseconds and shows me a spinner while it does another roundtrip for some javascript, then parses and executes that giant truckload of code, then does _another_ roundtrip to get the JSON or whatever describing the data I actually want to see, then executes its boatload of javascript to update the DOM. Reddit is the exact same story; in the time it used to take to show the content, it now manages to load a spinner. Facebook also just spends the first few hundred milliseconds loading loading indicators. YouTube too. Browsers are awesome at rendering HTML. They render each element the instant just the necessary bytes have crossed the wire. Browsers can't help you if you need to first load the HTML, then load the scripts, then load the complete giant JSON blob from your API, then add the elements to the DOM. I'm in Norway, with high ping to the US. My ISP isn't the most reliable all the time. That nice server you have 0.01ms ping to, where you can't notice the difference a few extra roundtrips makes? Well, each roundtrip might take an extra few seconds for me. Nope, the content is loaded dynamically from their API after the rest of the page has loaded: https://i.imgur.com/Kxs9l7j.mp4 Sure, the list of my repositories is server rendered, but I already know my list of repositories. The thing I'm waiting for 99% of the time when loading github.com is to see if there's any new activity. Sorry about the graphical glitches, blame nvidia or xorg or gnome or something. Voice controls suck and are exclusionary as fuck. Maybe they work for the subset of the population who natively speak a very standard dialect of American or British and have no speech impediments; for those people it's just an annoyance to have to pause the podcast or music. For the rest of the population of this planet, voice controls are horrible; either the user doesn't speak the supported languages at all, or speaking the supported language doesn't come naturally and switching to it requires mental effort, or it's an infuriating experience to try to make the bloody machine correctly interpret what you're saying. That's even ignoring the complete fucking shit show that is software trying to understand natural language and infer meaning, without just turning it into a tedious form of a command line interface. It's not though? If your goal is to avoid having your every move online tracked by companies hoping to earn money from spying on you, what Stallman does is one of the few strategies which work. To be fair, dark GTK themes don't really work. I say this as someone who uses dark GTK themes. Far too many applications end up with dark text on a dark background, and Firefox applies your theme colors to websites so websites also end up with dark text on dark backgrounds. At least a dark mode created by the application's authors usually works. Why do bananas have to be seedless? Not really, parsing JSON is probably a recursive algorithm and Windows gives processes way less stack space than Linux (generally 1MB vs 8MB). It could totally be that the code is the same, but the particular JSON string blows up the stack in Windows but not Linux. No. In a programming context, any norwegian or french programmer would expect that to evaluate to 1.001, not 1001 or NaN. I wouldn't trust SourceForge at all after all the horrible stuff they've done. I know they have allegedly improved after new owners and a come-to-jesus moment, but damn, that was some shady shit. > I know they have allegedly improved after new owners and a come-to-jesus moment, but damn, that was some shady shit. If Facebook tomorrow started saying they're totally going to stop being creepy and got a new CEO, I wouldn't suddenly start trusting them either. But why buy such a tarnished trademark which has garnered so much ill will over the years for horrible practices? Is it a form of "all PR is good PR", that it's better to have a recognized but hated name than to have a name nobody knows of? That's not true though. It's not like the people who currently spend lots of time watching niche videos on YouTube (myself included) would start ordering flash memory with those videos instead if only it wasn't for copyright. The case for movies is a bit stronger, but my family's movie/TV show routine is to figure out what we want to watch last minute, then find that on netflix or crunchyroll or piracy sites and then stream it. I also think the current copyright system is insane, but streaming genuinely is more convenient than buying physical media. If anything, DRM makes media available through streaming _less_ convenient. I get that you would want something local if you happen to re-watch the same things again and again. I don't, and keeping local copies of something in case I want to re-watch it is a waste of space. Stuff being available exclusively through streaming is certainly a way to enforce DRM, but that doesn't mean people wouldn't still largely be streaming even if stuff was available for download without DRM too. I find that assuming people who find something to be objectionable just do it because the "like to get offended by things" is a bit unproductive. At least hear them out and decide whether the explanation makes sense or not. It sucks that there's no scanf("%.*s"), where you give the buffer length as a separate argument. The fact that it's in a string literal also makes using a compile-time constant really ugly. OP said only non-local L3 is 132ns. Local L3 (i.e L3 close to the core) is way faster, and the core would usually use local L3 cache. Sending your data to a global surveillance network at the same time as they're boasting about how much they respect your privacy is a little odd. My experience is similar, but my grandmother has gotten worse at using her iPad as iOS has gotten more and more confusing. I usually see her with Safari in split-screen as Gruber mentioned, and know that: A) there's not really any way to teach her to get out of it because the gestures literally require more precise movements than her fingers are capable of, and B) there's no way to teach her to avoid open Safari in split-screen mode, because I constantly do it myself accidentally too on my iPad. The iPad used to be a really great device for her use case, but the more they add gestures which it's easy to accidentally trigger but hard (as in physically hard, requiring precise finger movements) to reverse, the worse it gets. My workflow was extremely simple; a terminal window, with cutting-edge tools like ripgrep to search for patterns and neovim to edit. When I had made a change, I ran make. When I wanted to test out a change, I had print statements in the clang source code and wrote a small test file which I could use to decide whether the prints I saw matched the prints I expected to see. Revolutionary stuff, I know. One trick I like when working with huge projects is to do my printf debugging with `fprintf(stderr, ...)` instead of the project's standard logging, just to avoid having to fight with log levels and such. (These print statements should obviously be removed once they're no longer necessary; here again, using fprintf helps, because they stand out.) I didn't even think about tests, but I'm happy to report now that the entire test suite still works after my change. I don't think any kind of test-driven debugging would have worked here; almost none of the challenge was in the actual code behind the feature, it was all mostly just work to try to understand the code base. For example, "Oh, this looks like it's where lambdas are parsed. Let me add a print here and try to compile a file with a lambda to see if I'm right", or "Ok, I think I should end up in this branch if I have a fat arrow token in a lambda expression, let's add a print statement and modify the test file to check if that's true". That's good to know, and I'm not surprised that there are ways to speed up the build. I just found that enabling release mode made linking reasonably fast and didn't spend more time on it (and experimenting more would involve more complete recompiles :p) Threadrippers seem really nice, but I did this on my laptop, not a desktop. Plus, when linking with debug symbols, my 16GB of RAM is by far a bigger limit than my four cores; I can't even run two link processes simultaneously without one of them being OOM killed (if I'm lucky). Those things are implementation-defined because anything else wouldn't make sense. If I'm making a C program for a microcontroller, I will need to know how that microcontroller works. It's probably an ARM core, which expects the first few bytes of flash memory to be a table which contains pointers to functions; it's my responsibility to put a pointer to my main function in that table. This is completely unproblematic, and not really that different from having to make sure your code is compiled to a valid ELF file with the correct sections and section headers. "Implementation defined" doesn't mean "nonstandard". A C program which overflows a signed integer is ill-formed, because signed overflow is undefined. A C program which relies on external linker scripts to set up the vector table and make the reset vector point to the main function is well-formed, it just necessarily depends on some implementation-defined behavior. > No, there are protocols to negotiate whether an app has server side decoration or not and the compositor has the last say. The compositor can implement that protocol and just respond with "this compositor doesn't support SSDs". GNOME does this, so all toolkits must use CSDs if they wanna work on the most popular Wayland compositor. Incidentally, that's hell for all the simple libraries out there which just exist to get a GL window on the screen. GLFW, GLEW, SDL, etc. all have to implement CSDs now if they wanna work with Wayland. It also means that it's no longer feasible to just make a Linux application which uses the windowing system directly; everything must use a huge toolkit now. EDIT: To clarify, I don't think this is an issue with Wayland, but with GNOME. There's no reason it couldn't have supported SSDs like every other Wayland compositor. But as it stands, it hurts the Wayland ecosystem. If you just create a Wayland window, GNOME will draw _only_ that window, with no decorations. The window can't be moved, minimized, resized, etc. because there's no decorations. The window's content shows up, but that's it. I've seen libdecoration, and yeah, that seems like their intended solution to this. It doesn't seem like a terrible solution, but last time I looked at it at least, libdecoration was a long way off being production ready, and GNOME with Wayland is shipping _right now_ and must be supported. I know, and that's kind of what I'm complaining about. There's no reason it couldn't support SSDs. Sway does server-side decorations. It draws window borders and a title bar for you, and handles the drag events in the title bar and borders for you. Go ahead and make a basic Wayland window in GNOME. Compare the user experience to KDE or Sway. I am trying to say that maybe they should have made the architectural decisions which wouldn't prevent non-GTK applications from working in GNOME. That's all. It's not just filesystem sandboxing. One capability could be access to part of the filesystem, sure, but another might be networking, access to camera, microphone, USB devices, playing audio, Bluetooth, maybe you wanna give raw access to a block device rather than just access to a filesystem, ... I'm not the author of this post, but I thought it was cool. It's not that you would translate them though. You don't have to know what "while" means in english to use it. You just learn that the arbitrary symbol "while" is how you repeat something as long as a condition holds. There's not really anything language-specific about that, except that "while" happens to be a word in English with a meaning which somewhat correlates with what the symbol does in the programming language. The term "dark silicon" refers to silicon that's not (currently) in use, such as when you have a workload which only exercises one arithmetic unit of one core even if you have 8 cores with 4 arithmetic units each (only one arithmetic unit is "lit up", 63 are "dark"). There's no reason to believe that what you're calling "dark bytes" isn't actively used while executing the program. It's not clear that the overhead is due to Go itself producing bigger binaries over time though. If you recompiled all the different CockroachDB versions with Go 1.8 (if that was feasible), it's quite probable that the tables you would end up with would look fairly similar to the ones you're actually showing. If there is superlinear growth in binary sizes as the project grows – for example, if some part is O(n^2) in the number of interfaces – then that's certainly interesting. If you demonstrated that such superlinear growth is happening, and wrote an article based on that, people wouldn't be so critical. If Go binaries are getting bigger because Go produces bigger binaries for the same source code over time, then that's also interesting. If you demonstrated that Go binaries are getting more and more bloated over time for the same source code, and wrote an article based on that, people wouldn't be critical. But as it is, you kind of just complained that CockroachDB is getting bigger, tried to blame it partly on the Go compiler producing more bloated code over time, partly on a mystical "dark area" which you don't understand, you mentioned superlinear growth only in the comment section, and you didn't actually gather data or do experiments to prove or disprove any of the things you're claiming as a cause. That's why people are complaining. Hmm, I think I understand where we have a misunderstanding. I - and presumably many others - interpreted the article to make the claim that newer Go versions are producing more bloated Go executables. There are multiple parts of the article which can be read that way. But if you're not doing that, and you're just trying to investigate why the CockroachDB binary is getting bigger over time, then that's a different matter. I'm not going to respond point by point because those points are kind of moot if my accusations were based on an incorrect reading. Yeah, 7 drinks a week is actually rather heavy... I suppose this research is going against the idea that one glass of wine per day is healthy, and the BBC had to give it a clickbait headline? Plus, I'm not actually super concerned about my chances of disease rising from 914/100000 to 918/100000 over my life? Even 1252/100000... That means that straight up being an alcoholic elevates your risk from 0.94% to 1.25%. I would never have expected alcoholism to be so safe. I could totally see someone make the decision to accept a 0.3 percentage point increase in risk. They're not "legacy peripherals". Mice and keyboards are far from "legacy", and almost all of them come with USB A cables still. Having to add a flaky USB hub to your desktop just to plug in your keyboard is actually ridiculous. It makes sense on a laptop, but these desktops have _a lot_ of surface area on which they could put a few USB-A ports. EDIT: Though, Apple removing the USB-A ports from everything might be what the industry needs to push peripherals to use USB-C for everything? If that's the case, then that might be a win for everyone, except for people who buy these new iMacs. So, I was curious if you are correct and the market has changed a lot, or if I'm correct and most peripherals still use USB-A. So I checked out the website of a tech reseller, sorted their keyboards by most sold, and counted the technology used. Before I stopped counting, I found 8 wireless keyboards using bluetooth, 9 wireless keyboards using a USB-A receiver, and 10 wired keyboards using a USB-A cable. It seems like USB-A is still alive and well in the peripheral ecosystem. Here's a link to the search results page I used: https://www.komplett.no/category/10264/datautstyr/pc-tilbeho... It's a website which is commonly used by gamers, so wired keyboards may be over-represented compared to the general population. But it clearly shows that actually, USB-A is still really commonly used in new peripherals sold today. Paying more to get more cores enabled on the same chip is standard practice, everyone does it, and it makes complete sense. The alternative is to just throw away all chips with a fault which affects one core, even though there are customers who would gladly have taken a unit with one broken GPU core for a lower price. If you wanna complain about the practice, you can complain that they have no way to attempt to re-enable the locked core. AMD would let you do that back in the day, and it was a great way for customers to buy a 3-core and potentially be able to unlock a fourth core (even if it might have to be clocked lower than the others). Though I believe neither Intel nor AMD lets you unlock cores these days. I mean, now your argument has changed from "most peripherals use bluetooth so it doesn't matter" to "most peripherals use USB-A, but many Apple users will nonetheless tolerate the lack of USB-A on their desktops". I can't really argue against that, and maybe it's correct. EDIT: Just to respond to the "gamers and people who code are in a different class" thing: I went to a different store which is more general, went through the most sold keyboards, and skipped all "gaming" keyboards (so everything from Razer, everything branded Logitech G, everything with RGB), and counted to 14 bluetooth keyboards and 19 keyboards which require USB-A (7 wired, 12 with the USB receiver dongle). People just use USB-A peripherals a whole lot. (Store URL: https://www.elkjop.no/INTERSHOP/web/WFS/store-elkjop-Site/no... ) I'm not talking about devices which use USB-A to charge, I counted all peripherals which have the capability to connect via Bluetooth in any form in the "Bluetooth" category. If I counted every peripheral which comes with a USB-A charging cable as a peripheral which requires USB-A, the numbers would look even more bleak. The only keyboards I counted as requiring USB-A are ones which are wired with a USB-A cable, and ones which are wireless but only have the ability to use an RF receiver dongle such as the logitech unifying receiver. Your mouse would be counted in the "Bluetooth" category.