I assume your estimates of how hard it is and how fast the Outlook team can develop are completely ex-recto. Here's some data. Outlook's last two major releases were in '03 and '06. In those 3 years they added the following visible features: - todo bar - better calendar UI - RSS aggregator - search [Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Outlook ] Xobni might be as useful and interesting as all those combined, and the Xobni team can deliver it today. The evidence suggests that Microsoft would take years to deliver something similar. Smith is is saying that customers can depend on businesses providing value out of their own self interest (in order to make money.) Graham is saying that as a business, you'll be most successful if you spend your energy trying to be good to your customers, rather than, say, trying to squeeze a little more money from them. Smith: greed => good service => profit & happy customers Graham: benevolence => wonderful service => happy customers & happy entrepreneurs & profit Very different ideas. Either electricity or gas is a small fraction of the cost of driving. Sporty tires: $800 / 20,000 miles = $0.04 mile Depreciation: $100,000 / 200,000 miles = $0.50 / mile Driver's time: $100/hr / 40miles/hr = $2.50 / mile The number of batteries is an interesting number: 6831. That's 9 * 11 * 23, an unusual number of large prime factors. One reference suggests that it's 11 groups of 9 series strings of 23 parallel cells. Somebody there likes prime numbers. I'm working on a big piece of software with numerical, real-time, and GTK components. It needs 230 packages installed using MacPorts. I have a 20-line script, mostly "port install XXX" which takes care of it all with no worries. And it's really nice that I can just rm -r /opt and do it again if I mess it up. I assumed #1 was top left, but which is #2? To the right or down? My guess is that you read down in columns. The pictures are misleading. For example, #2 for my name is a page about another guy with the same name, but with a picture of me that's not on that page. Very wrong. I was excited for a second to see that it thought I had an Erdos number of 2, but it was for someone else with the same last name. Not impossible. The limit is cooling air flow. If you blew air through a 4m x 4m radiator at 30 m/s, 43 megawatts would generate a 68 C temperature rise. Those sort of energy densities aren't strange. A hair dryer dissipates 1000 watts in, say, 10 x 8 x 6 cm. So a cube of hair dryers 2.7 meters on a side generates about 43 megawatts. I am doing research (on robotics) outside of universities and government funding channels. I contribute most of my time, and I fund supplies and several silicon valley salaries. You can't really compare effectiveness against a university. The real product of university research programs is researchers who then go on to build real things in industry. So while in the short term I'm more likely to produce useful robots than academia, they will have more long-term effect by graduating hundreds of smart people who go on to build useful things in industry. The real measure of universities isn't how many things are invented within their walls but how many things are invented by people who were shaped by their university experience. Most people in my company did graduate research, so their respective universities deserve some of the credit for whatever we invent. Going from 4 wheels to 2 is a good start. The next step is a commuter unicycle, like these: http://nhoover.smugmug.com/gallery/5974354_EUa4J#372904495_M... (that's me on the right edge.) Surprisingly, I feel safer on it than on a bike, because my CG is higher than the roof of most cars. Also, the dreaded "door prize" would be more at thigh level than head level. It's pretty hard to uni after dark, though, because you need to anticipate bumps and potholes. I can sustain about 12 mph, so it's about 2/3 as fast as biking. Some harder-core unicyclists can get over 20 mph with extra-short pedal cranks or gearing. Almost all pedals are 1-1, which is why you want a big wheel. You brake by resisting rotation while you tilt back. Probably comparable to a bike when I'm going 2/3 the speed. But it can be hard to react suddenly without losing control. Though you usually just land on your feet, running behind the uni in that case. I've used both and I greatly prefer python+scipy+matplotlib. Because it's a real programming language, unlike Matlab's clunky Basic-like thing. So if matplotlib doesn't do what you need, you can extend it or just write something custom in GTK+Cairo. The depth and stability of scipy & matplotlib is very impressive. The other big problem with Matlab is that because it's licensed, you can't just do what you like with it. I've got several servers that I like to be able to crunch numbers on, and that would be not only expensive but incredibly inconvenient to maintain all those licenses of Matlab. There might be a limit, but it's much bigger than $10B in 5 years. Just in 2007, I counted up $29B of publicly announced web startup acquisitions. That easily justifies thousands of startups trying for a piece of that pie. A good list (including more than web) is at http://startup.partnerup.com/2008/01/02/2007-acquisitions-we... It's not so unreasonable for Visa to take 2% (they often take more than that.) Outright fraud costs them around 1% (though they'll never reveal their stats.) Doing collections costs them a lot, and they lose some to cardholder bankruptcies. They do provide a valuable service of isolating you from all these. Taking checks probably costs you a larger percentage of revenue than credit cards. Actually, you should expect fraud rates to be high, but not because potentially legitimate customers are ripping you off. It's because when a fraudster gets a new shipment of stolen credit cards, he wants to test them out online before, say, walking into Best Buy where he might get busted for using a card reported stolen. So you're not losing revenue, since these guys weren't going to pay you for your SaaS anyway, and you're not losing capacity since they won't actually use it. So what's the problem? The problem is that chargeback fees (that you pay them for the service of taking the money back) can be $25 or more. If it becomes a big problem, you'll probably find ways to detect common fraudulent usage patterns. For instance, since your variable cost is zero, you might avoid putting through a charge until they actually use your service. Another fact: everything is negotiable, once you have enough volume. So if you're building a serious business, don't worry if the first merchant account charges fees that eat into your profit margin. Once you get the volume up to a few million a year you'll have the leverage you need to negotiate a better deal. That's not something you want to optimize. When working on a production box, I've trained myself to type the command without sudo, then actually take my hands off the keyboard and sit on my hands while I ponder what might go wrong with the command. Then I hit ^A sudo space return. The reaction you get has nothing to do with what you say, and everything to do with the way you say it. If you act apologetic, they'll be sad for you. If you're enthusiastic they'll be happy for you. A fellow I know is a financial planner. Yawn. But I watched him explain what he did to a woman he was trying to pick up and, damn, it sounded exciting and noble. He helped people achieve their long term dreams and become independent. So be kind to your family. Give them a Christmas present and make them all happy by telling them how you've got the greatest gig in the world writing software to make the world a better place. You might be surprised how much it changes things. The fraction of people getting a job in a related field isn't a good measure except for trade schools. Often, the most successful and interesting people do something unrelated to their undergraduate degree. Or they do something other than a "job". I've been learning guitar for the last few years, never having had much musical training as a kid. I fiddle around with it most evenings, just trying to play stuff I like, not taking it too seriously, and I've gotten good enough to enjoy it. I'll never be as good as [insert guitar hero here]. So what? Most nights, my place has the best free live music within miles. It's actually very common for both drives to fail at once. Examples: - case fans fail, everything overheats - room AC fails, everything overheats - power supply goes haywire, toasts drive electronics - box falls off the shelf, drives crash - fire or smoke damages drives - roof leaks, drips onto drives - one drive fails but nobody notices for a month until the next drive fails - burglars steal box No, not all these have happened to me. It was an amazing collection, and he had a team of people who really understood those machines. My favorite was a Russian radar system with giant water-cooled vacuum tubes that emitted radar pulses at some absurdly high power. That or the mobile bridge. The Dvorak keyboard might have some slight advantage for English text, but it's noticeably worse for programming where you need ;=+-,./{}[]() and the numbers quite often. There might be a advantage for a programmer's keyboard, basically QWERTY with common punctuation on a fifth row above the numbers. But my few brief experiments with unorthodox layouts caused no end of hassle when trying to use other people's machines, so I gave up. That seems like it worked really well. There's been a lot of gnashing of teeth about the fact that jet engines can't survive ingesting birds, but it seems like all you have to do is have a body of water past the end of the runway and a rescue boat ready, and a failed engine is just an inconvenience. I think they're getting rid of the life preservers, because they're bulky and would allow fewer people to squeeze into the boat. Actually, not. A 3x return over 10 years is 11% annually. Subtracting VC fees (say 2% management and 30% take) brings that down to about 6% for the LPs. VCs have to deliver much better returns than that. Also, don't underestimate the cost of an acquisition. Not just the few $100k in legal fees. Generally it means they have to distribute proceeds to the LPs, and they're exposed to various liabilities if the acquisition goes badly. Assuming they get restricted stock in a public company, selling it is a complex procedure. They may be prohibited in trading in that acquirer's stock while the acquisition is pending, which complicates other deals. Sad to say, but you really can't run a fund with only 3x returns. I've been using Emacs for 20 years, and fully converted my desktops to Mac last year. I like Aquamacs OK with option->meta and caps lock -> control like you have. With that setup, it's a bit of a twist to get my pinky finger onto meta, but it's tolerable on my Microsoft Natural keyboard. The biggest nuisance is that I can't figure out how to bind function keys. I liked having F2 = goto-line (rather M-g g) and F3 = compile. After 20 years of Emacs, I've actually started to like Cmd-c and Cmd-v rather than C-k and C-y. Also, the scroll wheel on the Mighty Mouse works pretty well in Aquamacs. Though you do have to clean the scroll wheel (by rolling it around on your pants) every few days. If we'd truly learned something, all time values would be 64 bits. Which isn't hard: every major 32 bit systems supports 64 bit values natively in C and in only a few instructions. Or do you mean we learned that planes won't fall out of the sky due to date problems, and we shouldn't overreact next time? One place where big new ideas are badly needed is in robotics. No existing language is a good match for programming continuous, dynamic movement. I've been working on a bunch of techniques to make it easier, but they're not ready for general use yet. It is hard to make a good comparison because the economy was so fundamentally different. Our modern kg of corn could be anywhere from pennies (for animal feed) to several bucks at Whole Foods. Which do you compare against? (In fact, what we call corn is a new world crop, unknown in Europe until the 16th century. The word would have referred to barley or wheat before that.) So not even the most basic foodstuffs were comparable. Wages are a much better basis for comparison. Unskilled, medium-skilled, and high-skilled jobs are pretty comparable now and then. I think a more likely theory is that the telecom providers frequently jack their rates, to see if people notice. If someone doesn't notice, they keep jacking them and rake in profits. It's a good bet that at least one NOC is asleep at the switch on a given night. I've created a hamburger restaurant where I'm expecting average Joes to walk in off the street and cook the hamburgers, in return for a percentage every time they make a sale. Sound promising? Of course not. The burgers will be inconsistent and usually bad, and there'll either be too many or too few cooks at any given time. It's the same with review sites. You're expecting people to do the work for you in return for a completely unknown amount of money. You'll get a zillion reviews of some popular thing, and no reviews of DRAM, and reviews will be inconsistent and bad. If you think it's worth people's time to write reviews, then you should hire people to write them first. Hire college students at $15/hr. They can work from their dorms. Assign them products to review. Set standards. Have quality control. You can probably build up a really good set of reviews for only a few hundred hours of labor. Probably less than you've put into the technical part of the site. Eventually, once you have a thriving ecosystem, average Joes will contribute reviews. But you can't just wave your hands and expect people to flock to your site to do work on speculation. You have to lead. The latency to query a central database should be under 100 mS from anywhere in the country. There's no reason it couldn't be done properly today. But ATM systems were architected in the late 70s and they depend on a network of regional data centers that reconcile nightly. I'm checking HN while my code compiles. Since there's nobody to swordfight on desk chairs with. Also, taken != unavailable. If there's no actual website there, or if the website looks neglected, or if it's one of several names for the same thing, you might be able to buy it. Several YC startups have bought .coms for between $1000 and $5000. If your company is serious, that's a worthwhile investment. Don't over-think it. Put half in cash and half in 3-5 stocks you think don't suck. You would have to spend a huge amount of time on money management to get better results than that. When I cashed out, I gave away 10%. Mostly to family, and some to local charitable projects I personally cared about. It can feel good. Spend your time thinking about what to do next, now that you're not constrained to make an income. Start a new business? Become an international playboy? Go back to school? Up to you. Someone should do the proper experiment. Create a fictitious retail business, and generate a stream of reviews for it. Any other reviews would have to be faked. If they are writing fake bad reviews and removing them for money, you would then have strong evidence. The problem isn't image, it's the actual location. Building a technology center along a ring road leads to a sterile and depressing office park wasteland. (I lived there for 5 years.) Cambridge or Somerville or even downtown Boston are good places to have tech companies, because you're part of an intellectual community. In a Route 128 office park there's nowhere you can walk to, so you never interact with people except in your building. @robg: reconsider? Your life and work would be better if you were within walking distance of a university and other startups. Yes, it's cheaper in Lincoln, but you would be happier and more connected with half as much space in Central Square. Did any startup founders here consider Massachussett's foreign corporation laws and tax structure when deciding where to start their startup? Or was it more about the intellectual community, weather, coffee, social scene, presence of other startups, availability of talent, venture or angel capital, customers, partners, and potential acquirers? I like the Shoreline/Charleston/Rengstorff loop. I live and work there so I often walk in to work. I pass 3 coffee shops on the way all of which are popular with startuppy people. I frequently bump into people I know. It's not as good as Cambridge for intellectual stimulation, but I do end having a lot of spontaneous meetings with relevant people. Route 128 architecture reflects the Mercantilist view of companies. They all build big self-contained campuses to try to discourage their employees from fraternizing with other companies, lest information be exchanged. I think it's far more productive to have companies interact & share. I'll take marsh trails over malls any day. A ride on the trail makes a wonderful mental break in the mid-afternoon. IMHO. YMMV. The opposite is true. Because women in their narrow age range of attractiveness get paired with men in a much broader age range of attractiveness, that would create a shortage of women. Say, if women 25-35 date men 30-45, there are 50% more men in that group. or combining folk wisdom and math: d(half your age + 7) / d (age) However, the fact that men propose and women decide creates an inversion. Early marriages take decisive women and attractive men off the market, leaving beautiful women and schlubs. Hooray for graph theory! Assuming you're in the US, you see a biased sample. That is, you see a complete cross section of American women, but only a select group of ambitious European women who emigrated as adults. They are here because they are serious about their careers, so they are more likely to believe in working hard to get ahead rather than getting by on their looks. That made me curious. McDonalds sells about 50M cups of coffee / day. Some startups who I know participate on HN are (multiplying Alexa daily reach by 1G, to get order of magnitude estimates): Scribd: 5M daily uniques Justin.tv: 3M daily uniques last.fm: 2M daily uniques Just those would equal McD's daily coffee sales in 5 days. So we're not so many orders of magnitude behind big public companies. It might be satisfying to include some reference lines on your daily user graph, so you can celebrate when you serve more pages than, say, McDonald's sells fish sandwiches, or Wal-Mart sells Spiderman action figures, or whatever. > The divorce rate is 50%...but the failure rate of startups is even higher. I'm not sure it is. When you see a high figure like 80% quoted for small companies failing, that's mainly due to restaurants. Serious startups founded by serious people rarely fail. (Getting acquired by a public company is like staying married your whole life.) The failure rate of relationships is very high. If you date 20 people before getting married, that's a 95% failure rate. But it's still worth it. The demo probably was about 3 seconds. Look at tipjoy.com for 1.5 seconds, and you can tell what it's for and that it's cool and alive. In the other 1.5 seconds you can tip someone 25 cents for their blog entry. It's that easy and obvious. Practice giving punchy demos. Don't frikkin make us watch you log in. We should be saying oooh at the 2 second mark, aaah at 5 seconds, and wow at 10 seconds. Definitely get all the best bits in the first 10 seconds. 10 seconds may sound flippant. But actual users will have clicked the back button long before if they aren't engaged. You can practice demoing successful websites. Imagine you were pitching Google or eBay or Tokbox or justin.tv and had 10 seconds to demo. Start logged in. Assume some users won't see the last 5 seconds. The numbers say otherwise. 51% of all vehicles sold in the US in December 2008 were pickups or SUVs. [1] Average vehicle sales price is $25,000 [2], despite the existence of nice cheap fuel-efficient cars like the Yaris at $12,000. Dagres' suggestion that cars should be more about electronic gadgets is wrongheaded. Cars last 10 years, gadgets are obsolete after 3. You want a car + an iPhone, the second of which you'll upgrade several times. [1] http://www.bizjournals.com/albany/stories/2009/01/12/story1.... [2] http://www.nydailynews.com/money/2008/09/04/2008-09-04__anal... I'm #1607 on the waiting list for an Aptera. I signed up because I had complained so often that there was no electric car you could actually buy, and people kept telling me I just didn't try hard enough. So far I'm right, and I predict I'll never actually get mine. When the CEO brags that they have 45 circuit boards [1], I can already read the company's obituary. But maybe they'll pull it off, and I'll have a really snazzy car. I'm more excited about Mission Motors electric motorcycle. http://www.ridemission.com/ . (I'm an investor.) It's breathtakingly fast and fun to ride. [1] http://earth2tech.com/2008/10/01/aptera-tweaking-electric-ve... Why do you think there should be 300 car companies? Can you point to another manufacturing industry where hundreds of players collectively have significant market share? Yahoo Mail was the result of acquiring Four11 and rebranding their RocketMail product. It was one of Yahoo's better acquisitions. For $65M they got a product that now earns $6.5B/year. I'm no proponent of the nanny state, but there is something to be said for standards. It's important that any driver be able to drive any car. Otherwise, a driver used to 1:1 mirrors who rented or borrowed a car with convex mirrors would underestimate the speed and distance of cars passing him. Is he a procrastinator for not actually attempting to build his helicopter with late-15th century technology? He would have failed, as the rough-hewn wooden gearboxes of the day were incapable of the power levels needed for rotary-wing flight. And other reasons. It was probably better to move on and sketch some new ideas than try to build things centuries ahead of what was technologically possible. So says Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yahoo!_Mail but you're right, it can't be that much. "To retain respect for sausages and laws, one must not watch them in the making." -- Otto von Bismarck. Presumably, most of the effect is due to socioeconomic correlation and I'm sure Virgil understands that. It's interesting how big the correlation is. I might have expected only a few percent WRT music. I want to see the correlation between Ayn Rand books and number of friends. A college degree is used as a white-collar/blue-collar litmus test by a lot of people. You probably don't care about gov't or big company jobs, but the following might matter to you some day: - Immigration, if you ever decide to work abroad - Banks, if you need to finance a house - Dates. Education level is one of the main filters - Parents of women you're dating - Universities, if you ever want to hang out for a year doing research between startups You might think most of those people are flexible enough to realize, once they know you, that you're a bright & ambitious guy. But then, when they try justify you to other people, it's harder without a college brand name. It's probably less of a handicap in life than, say, having "PSYCHO KILLER" tattooed across your forehead, but it's significant. You can get along, but you'll always be explaining it. People who never went often seem to turn into defensive people later in life. YMMV. It's hard to imagine anything on that scale. Centralia PA (former pop. 2600) was deserted due to major underground fires. But real cities have bounced back from far larger disasters. Hiroshima lost 2/3 of its population but recovered in 10 years. Remember, though, the actual city of Detroit is only 1/5 of the population of the metro area. While Detroit is failing, the metro area is only hurting. It won't be abandoned. I would have expected music to be more weakly correlated with intelligence than books. Smart people can enjoy low-brow music as well as high-brow music. But smart people rarely read low-brow books, and dumb people rarely read high-brow literature. However, I guess he wasn't looking at their whole collection but just the stuff they mentioned on facebook, which reflects their social aspirations. So, for example, I have both Lynyrd Skynyrd and Chopin in my iTunes collection. But people who mention one of those in their facebook profile are probably very different from those who mention the other. There are even more people sympathetic to pot smokers facing jail time. But authorities don't seem inclined to soften the sentences. Courts really shouldn't worry about public reaction. That's the job of lawmakers. Their assumption, and it's true for most people, is that you're going to watch something. If they don't put tennis on, you'll watch whatever they do show, even if it's arena wrestling. So even by watching something niche that they wouldn't broadcast anyway, you're stealing. His reasoning is similar to saying that since out of millions of sperm only one will fertilize the egg, the chance of having a baby is 1 in a million. For smart people seriously trying to build something people want where VC funding makes sense, I'm sure the chances of getting funded are above 50% and the chances of succeeding are above 50%. Everyone is afraid of getting hosed by not anticipating future rights. Everyone knows how actors lost out by agreeing to a much smaller percentage of DVD revenue than for films (because they underestimated the market and profit margins), and everyone is determined to not let that happen to them. This kind of fear propagates faster than actual realistic fears because you sound wise by talking about the future. So lawyers can always "add value" by cautioning against some deal that might be disadvantageous in 20 years. It probably does poorly on periodic repeating textures. The DCT in JPEG handles periodic brightness (like a striped shirt) fairly well because it turns into a few high-frequency components (which are still roughly periodic despite the zig-zag transformation.) This compression scheme has no support for periodicity so it can only represent a striped shirt with a polygon for each stripe. Neither of his test images have stripes. "Provably optimal" always involves unwarranted assumptions. For example, least-squares fitting is provably optimal, assuming all your distributions are independent and gaussian. Image compression quality is all about sensitivity of the human visual system to various kinds of errors, so nothing can be proven optimal, ever. Good VC firms generate positive returns from more than half of their companies. Even the average VC generates positive returns from 1/3. This is from a large sample: http://www.markpeterdavis.com/getventure/2008/09/vc-backed-s... Bad VC firms, on the other hand, can achieve 100% failure rate. It's not some throw of the dice, it's about (a) choosing the right investments, and (b) making them succeed. If they're telling you that it's normal for the vast majority of their investments to fail, find a better place for your money (and don't taken money from them either.) Back in the old days, you'd leave your will in a cubbyhole of your roll-top desk. I have no idea where I'd leave something to be found on my death. Leaving it on the corner of my desk seems weird and morbid and insecure. Leave it anywhere else, and who would ever find it amidst all my crap? (People who've seen my desk know I'm an extreme case.) A lot of interesting secrets die with people. Given an easy way to do it, people might well reveal interesting stuff they can't admit to while they're still alive. It could actually make the world a more interesting place. This would have the effect of encouraging legalization of some drugs. In some sense, the worst situation is where things are illegal but widely tolerated and practiced. This gives authorities a lot of scope for locking up people they don't like. Currently, middle-class taxpayers who smoke pot don't worry much about getting busted, because it's fairly rare to end up in jail. But if they saw serious consequences, they'd lobby for legalization of all but a few hard drugs. If marijuana were readily available from pharmacies, how many people would use it instead of Vicodin or Oxycontin to treat pain? And it may be an effective antidepressant for many people. There are tens of billions of threatened revenue right there. Any other industry with that much at stake would exert substantial influence on the govt. However, marijuana growers need it to stay illegal too. Some of them are influential in CA. It's currently the largest single cash crop in the US, just because it's illegal. If it were legal, it could probably be grown and sold for the same price as corn. The advantage of 'rep scasb' is that some future version of the intel processor will be more clever and handle a word per cycle. An advantage of optimizing the hell out of the library version is that nobody will be tempted to roll their own string compare in their application code. Slow APIs are terrible because they force application developers to work around them. So the answer isn't just to write something slow, then measure. You'll find performance doesn't matter because everyone has avoided using it. In places where I've done this sort of thing, I prefer #ifdef NO_CLEVER_OPTIMIZATIONS obvious version #else complicated fast version #endif It's good as documentation, good as a test case, and good for isolating weird problems like compiler optimization bugs. Yeah, but when you get the ice cream it's packed in dry ice. You can have a Moment of Science as you drop them into warm water. If you put a fair dollar value on your time, it's shocking how much a trip to the grocery store costs. He attributes the failure of some cultures to explore to lack of curiosity or anti-intellectualism. But exploration of that scale in that era was incredibly dangerous. A sufficient explanation is that individual explorers didn't want to be killed by barbarians, drowned at sea, or eaten by cannibals. Continuing to send manned missions to the moon after 1976 didn't seem that useful. Personally, I think I got more out of Star Wars than yet another moon landing. Here's my rebuttal based on refutable statements. I'm a curious and intellectual person. I spend most of my time learning and exploring. While I have traveled to various parts of the world, I would not spend months traveling by foot or horse risking barbarian attacks, disease, and hypothermia, in order to discover new land. Therefore, it's possible that the Romans were curious and intellectual even though they didn't explore Scandinavia. As usual, the economist is looking for its keys under the lamppost. In their graph, "Ease of starting a business" is a measure of how long it takes to process incorporation and tax paperwork. That is not the hard part. The hard part is finding co-founders and investors willing to invest, and customers willing to buy from new companies. It's a function of optimism and risk taking, not on government procedures. It's unbelievably hard to unseat them. I knew the Yahoo Auctions team well back in 1998-2001, and they had a better product for free. Sellers and buyers preferred it. But there weren't many buyers because the sellers weren't there, and there weren't many sellers because the buyers weren't there. So even with Yahoo's network and brand they didn't win. (They did win big in Japan where eBay was slow to localize.) Auctions have worse lock-in than you'd expect. You might think, if there's a marketplace with X buyers and another with X/10 buyers, most sellers would make the effort to list in the X/10 marketplace because they can increase their sales 10%. But with auctions, the sales price is a strong function of excess demand. Those extra 10% sales would be at significantly lower prices, and eBay merchandise tends to have low margins. When sellers lost money they quickly left. It may be that when people pay $80 for a parrot book, they actually read the whole thing and apply what they've learned. If they had bought it for $20 from Amazon, it might sit on the shelf. The self-improvement market is very much like that. You could sell people a video of a Tony Robbins seminar for $20. But when people pay $1000 and devote a long weekend to it, they're more likely to change their behavior as a result. The $1000 product is actually worth more than the $20 product. If you're going to spend 4 hours reading a book and your time is worth $100/hr, you can see that the price of the book itself is irrelevant. Sending out legit reports must take manpower to collect all the data. But fake reports might be easy to generate semi-automatically. I'm sure you're right, though: a lot of people must have been in on it, and he's covering for them. Gates spends about 0% of his fortune for his personal pleasure. He's not on the beach surrounded by bikini babes. He works hard on his current mission, and he deserves our respect. His wealth is invested either in growing businesses (a good thing) or through his foundation to improve the world (a very good thing.) It's not clear that he could grow the foundation much faster than he has -- they're trying to do something novel and you can't just grow that from nothing overnight. Just testing something. -- HN Maintainers. Well, it's true -- mercury in an amalgam (normally with silver & tin) doesn't leach out. Most of the heavy metals that are dangerous by themselves can by alloyed or chelated to make them biologically safe. I just asked Trevor what was going on. Apparently we turned off the restart-HN process back when we were hacked a few days ago, and we forgot to turn it back on. Things should be back to normal now. Oh, no, living the lifestyle you need to live to be a successful investment banker is incredibly expensive. You really do need a big impressive house (or penthouse in Manhattan) to impress clients with. You have to stay at the same resorts where your clients stay. You have to do a thousand little things that say "money is no object" in order for people to trust you with their money. Irrational but true. It probably is rational for them to spend into debt in the early part of their career to build up credibility. The point is you'd have to give up Facebook in order to flee. Some people can't give it up, so they sit and wait for their trial. Even in prison they can still be in contact with friends and family, which many people would prefer to a life on the run. You need to back up to two or three services, all run by different organizations. Disk redundancy buys you little -- you need organizational redundancy. The chance of any particular service failing for business or technical reasons is much higher than the risk of disk failures. Personally, I back Anybots up to: - a 3 TB ReadyNAS in the building (everything nightly) - rsync.net (important stuff nightly) - dropbox (important stuff instantly) - USB drives I keep at home (mostly everything monthly) The real difference is that stopping distance for an ant is a fraction of an ant length, but for a car it's several car lengths. So for cars, most of the space is following distance For ants, most of the space is ants. Car density decreases as the square of speed, while ant density is constant. That's not because they have better algorithms but because they're in a different realm of physics. I think here, "practicality" means "has a library for controlling robots". Also a good numeric library, a good matlab-like graphing library, good 3D graphics, good real-time performance, easy C++ embedding, etc. Rather than complaining about how everyone else is a bonehead for not using Lisp, write some libraries to make it useful for more things in the real world. Also, Python does pretty well for real-time control. At Anybots we use it to run walking balance feedback loops at 100 Hz in the same process as a GUI and logging and it never misses a tick. PLT Scheme (used on HN) frequently pauses for 10+ seconds to GC. While there are theoretical concurrent GC systems for Lisp, none of them seem usable in real implementations. I'm optimistic about practical fusion in the near future, which is unusual for me because I'm pessimistic about most new technologies. There is almost certainly a way to initiate fusion reactions with much less equipment than the NIF (which is still a worthwhile project). I don't know how soon it'll happen, but long before our 200-year supply of coal runs out. And then lots of people will feel silly for working on electrical energy conservation, which turned out to be pointless. I think I'll turn on some more lights. In this particular case of Gerry Sussman choosing Python over Scheme, I don't think he's using "practical" to mean "I know it's wrong, but I'm comfortable with Java so Python seems more familiar". I think "practical" often means choosing your battles. Sussman's choosing to fight the battle of explaining some syntax to his students rather than the battle of implementing a real-time robot control library from scratch in a language where no implementation supports real-time very well. Sun-Tzu would approve. Yes, I use PyOpenGL in GTK (with GTKGLExt). People have said good things about Gazebo, but I haven't used it. Most of the 3D stuff is performance-critical, so I typically prototype in Python and then convert to C++, which for graphics code isn't too painful. The Boost.Python interface makes it pretty easy. Also, the Cairo graphics interface is wonderful for drawing charts, animated robot stick figures, and many other visualizations. It has a full Postscript rendering model with alpha blending. It looks like PLT Scheme has an OpenGL binding too, though I haven't seen it used. It looks very low-level, for instance it has separate methods named: gl.Vertex3d gl.Vertex3dv gl.Vertex3f gl.Vertex3fv gl.Vertex3i gl.Vertex3iv gl.Vertex3s gl.Vertex3sv Pyro is great. We don't use it because I started our robotics code base in 2001, but if I were starting from scratch I'd use many pieces of it. I believe the main reason why robotics has progressed so slowly in the last 30 years is that getting the damn hardware and firmware working together takes 90% of the available time and students barely get beyond that. So libraries that abstract away most of that and enable plug-in real-time control modules are going to give the field a huge kick in the pants. People often say that Java has great libraries, but is it true? AWT is crufty and ugly. Maybe there are impressive XML parsers (Xerxes is 188,000 lines of Java!), but I don't want those. Numerical libraries seem bad. So what is the library that might convince me to use Java for something? My point was there's no single 'gl.Vertex3' call that takes native Lisp numbers. Thinking about double/float/int/short should be abstracted out below the Lisp level. We use OpenGL to show real-time renderings of the robot, derived from the gyros and joint angle sensors. We have an analysis tool that shows, either in real time or post-run analysis, renderings synchronized with high-speed video of the robot and scrolling strip charts of every important variable over time. I always see much more looking at slow-motion videos & renderings afterwards than looking at the real robot. OpenGL rendering also turned out to be useful for extracting data from CAD models. Our CAD software (SolidWorks) can export STL files (a list of polygons) and we need to extract center of mass and moment of inertia and such. Doing that without visualizing it is a nightmare. We have done dynamics simulations (using ODE), but they haven't had much predictive value. I use a very simple and exact O(N) algorithm to calculate mass properties of polyhedrons without computing convex hulls or anything: http://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~jfc/mirtich/massProps.html Maybe 80 LOC. I'm not sure why anything more complex is needed. PhysX does seem promising. Such as??? Can anyone point to a format I might want to use that has a Java library but no C++ or Python library? Only because most first approximations are linear. Beware the self-validating assumption. Your users are your users because they like your site better than, say Zappos. By definition, your users prefer your site. But as long as your market share is only a tiny fraction of the whole market, you can't say anything about the rest of the population. It's only when you acquire a substantial fraction of the entire market that you can claim to have validated assumptions about the market in general. You need location redundancy anyway. Fires, floods, earthquakes, etc. A few years ago burglars broke in and took all my machines. So there are many reasons to have an off-site separate-provider backup of everything. Bar associations are very different from college accreditation boards. Bar associations are a guild whose main goal is to restrict supply by making it hard to become a lawyer. (Even still, the US has far more lawyers than it needs.) They exist pretty explicitly to keep legal salaries high. Accreditation for colleges is much more, well, collegial. There's no big motivation to restrict supply. It's hard to think of any really good educational institutions that can't seem to get accredited for political reasons. The list of over 1000 accredited colleges in CA starts off: * A-Technical College (LA) * ABC Adult School (Cerritos) * Abram Friedman Occupational Center (LA) * Absolute Safety Training Paramedic Program (Oroville) * Academy Education Services (Oxnard) so it's not just the Stanfords that can manage accreditation. Absolutely. In normal times power projects are planned years in advance so there's no reason for short lead times. But if the system was down, people would wind transformers by hand if they had to. It's not that hard. It does seem lame that the power grid is so close to capacity. Instead of all this smart grid stuff that lets us get from 97% to 98%, let's just add 50% more capacity and have no worries. I actually just meant increasing transmission lines & transformer capacity, since that's what's on the edge. But we should increase generating capacity too. Increasing capacity doesn't increase usage. We should increase capacity to a comfortable margin, and separately think about reducing usage. Matt argues that the best lawyers are probably as intelligent as the best hackers, and they have been generating knowledge about the legal system their entire careers, so they're going to be ahead of hackers in making predictions about how lawsuits will turn out. I don't see that he's arguing for credentials. Just that smart+experienced > smart+inexperienced. Some arguments can be judged by what they say. But ones that involve a prediction of how a complicated system will behave can't be judged by people without much experience. Most of the comments on the Lessig/DMCA story revolved around what precedent would be set by a lawsuit, which I don't feel confident to judge merely by reading the arguments. Summary: solid state disks cost more per GB than spinning disks. But they make computers go faster, so you need fewer computers, so you may save overall. In fact, it's only in very specialized situations where having faster disks means you need fewer computers. In fact, when we started YC Jessica was the only one of us with venture capital experience (having worked at a major investment bank in Boston since before she met PG.) She had a lot to do with us getting into the business, and her judgments about whom to fund have proven to be accurate. Sorry to disappoint you by not being an all-girl seed funding firm with thigh-high pink boots. At the macro scale, home windmills are a stupid idea. Anything can be done more economically at scale. Wind farms leverage economies of scale that don't work at home, so they can easily make more power per unit labor with the same hardware. If Jellyfish were efficient, they would be more efficiently used in wind farms. At the micro scale, some people will buy them despite the economic inefficiency as a fell-good hobby project, but they'll never become widespread without being economical. Also: small wind turbines make a fairly annoying constant noise. I'd vote to ban them from my neighborhood. It doesn't reduce the capital cost of transmission lines: you still need thick enough wire to power everyone's house when the wind isn't blowing. If you're talking about the power loss in wires, it's only a few percent. Losses may be higher with power generated at the leaf nodes, because when my house is idle during the day it has to send power into the grid through the relatively inefficient local network while a wind farm is plugged right into the grid. Don't worry about too much power. A 5' diameter turbine (quite a project to install) might generate 600 watts in a stiff 35 mph wind. It's true that the best person to choose the solution is the one implementing it. But what if many people are implementing it? When you're choosing a corporate database that a large IT staff will be developing against, there is no one person closest to the problem, so the decision goes up the ladder. Accepting long passwords may mislead people to use passphrases, the first 8 characters of which are very vulnerable to a dictionary attack. If you're only going to consider the first 8 characters, you should make it impossible to type more than 8 characters on the entry form. Fogbugz often has fairly sensitive info. All our bug reports are in it, including attached data files & snippits of source code. Often customer names are in it, and sometimes customer data files. So it does matter. In fact, 3% may be about the number of people who put most of their effort into making a lot of money rather than, say, doing work they enjoy or having a life. The bulge around the average is because you need at least an average income to have a regular life, raise kids, etc. Many people work just hard enough to have an average standard of living. I think it's important for them to hire people from the same demographic as their most valued users. Policing content is very culturally loaded, so you can't just automate it or outsource it to a low-wage country and get the same results. They mention knowing the difference between pot smoke and tobacco smoke, but I'm sure you also have to recognize every celebrity photo and "the shocker", and 1000 other culturally relative things. I disagree. If you're capable of being a good programmer, you'll get there faster by doing it than majoring in CS. If I were giving my 18yo self advice, I'd suggest majoring in physics but taking the minimum required courses. With a light core schedule, fill up the rest with economics, writing composition and history. Maybe design. On the other hand, PhD programs in CS are worthwhile. There are many possible causal arrows: * eat fast => no satiety signal => fat * empty carb diet => fat, fast binge eating * high density food => fast, fat * quality of life focus => (enjoy food => slow, exercise lots => thin) * workaholic => fast, (no exercise => fat) Also, I think you could draw a plausible correlation the other way, along the Norway-New Zealand axis and consider the US, Turkey and France the outliers. Summary: company funded studies claim drugs help X% of the population. More rigorous federal studies show they might only help 2/3 * X%. The main difference in the groups was including drug abusers in the federal group. So what? A drug either helps you or it doesn't. If it helps you, you don't care what fraction of other people it helps. The value of X mainly determines how many drugs you'll need to try. If they work for 50%, you'll have to try 2 drugs on average before finding one that works. So you want to start with drugs with large values of X, but whether it's 60% or 40% isn't a huge deal. Furthermore, clever doctors can often guess right and prescribe different drugs for different people. Studies that insist on giving the same drug to everyone with depression are stupid, because they're administered much more intelligently in the real world. Tax revenue has fallen. How do you interpret that as evidence that the government is collecting "higher and more ubiquitous taxes?" Generally, during a downturn, governments continue spending into debt which is the right thing to do. Their usual fault is in not banking the surplus during good times. Argh, another brain imaging study proving nothing. What any of these fMRI studies measure is energy consumption of brain structures. Energy consumption != useful thinking. Their conclusion is exactly like saying: my screensaver causes my CPU to get warm, therefore it is doing useful computation. Changed in posting What is the difference between a megacolony and a species? If I replaced s/ant/mouse/ and s/megacolony/species/, would there be anything surprising about their results? The publishers with 1000s of apps make audiobooks where each book is a separate app. It's an artifact of the app store that content gets counted as apps. The math doesn't work. 116,000,000 matches x 5k is 580 GB. It fits on one big disk, and with 5800 machines holding 100 Mb of plain text each you could search all of it naively in real time. (Grep searches 100 Mb in 50 mSec.) 5800 machines is practical for a real product. Hardware probably costs Google $40/month/CPU, so $230k / month, about equal to 10 engineers. So if a more clever solution needs a whole team to maintain it then it's probably better to just use grep. So there are more 35-54s than 25-34s on Facebook. However, there about twice as many people in the 20-year span than in the 10-year span, so they're still underrepresented. More 35-44s than 25-34s would be news. Also, some locations are bogus. Accenture is incorporated in Bermuda for tax purposes, but the actual work is done in many major cities. IBM, though the headquarters are in NY, has major offices in Silicon Valley. I think Cairo, the graphics rendering library keeps an internal data structure that's the set of overlapping filled regions and updates it with and/or/xor operators. Schmidt has on the order of 10M Google shares or options. Making the stock price go up by $0.01 is worth $100k to him. Spending an hour thinking about salary instead of Google's future is a bad use of his time. If your company has a P/E ratio of N and you have more than 1/Nth of the stock, giving money to the company actually makes you more money. There are subtle ways to do this. For example it probably makes more sense for the founders to buy their own plane for company trips than have Google pay for it, where it reduces reported profit and share price. 20 years ago, I wrote an intermediate compilation step for a big software project. It basically took the text strings and compressed them. The program only took a fraction of a second to run, so I added a sleep(1) to make it seem more impressive. I'm up for that! I'll see if I can bamboozle someone at Disney to give us a copy of the film on opening night we can screen here at Anybots/YC. Failing that, we can meet up at the Shoreline theater and go for beers at Anybots/YC afterwards. No robotics section yet... If hair is a non-conductor, then it cannot be a semiconductor False. For example, pure silicon is non-conductive, but when you add slight boron or phosphorous impurities it becomes a semiconductor. So it's not impossible that hair has semiconducting properties when it absorbs salt water. Of course, the claim of human hair solar is crap. But debunkers should be extra-careful not to make bogus claims of their own. A hoax implies deliberate fraud. Many scientific theories turn out to be wrong, but are not hoaxes. Newtonian mechanics or the Bohr atom model, for example. Google made a lot of hoopla about blanketing Mountain View with Wi-Fi, but it seems to be a failure. I rarely get a signal anywhere I go, and the one place I go where I do get a signal seems to have a bad backhaul link (it shows up and gives me an IP address, but doesn't move packets). If I sit on the sidewalk under a lamppost with one of the boxes it works. I think they underestimated the difficulty. Great work, guys. There's a huge opportunity for cross-vendor cloud infrastructure and I think you're in a great position to own the market. Wish granted. I do read most threads here, though I don't comment often. All of us liked being in Cambridge, We certainly didn't leave because there weren't like-minded people there. But being bi-coastal sucks, so we had to choose. So, you're saying it's good for the gov't to give a lot of handouts, but to ensure fairness all citizens will have to get involved, follow politics, lobby their congressperson, to ensure the pork is divided fairly. How about just making the government hand out less pork. Wouldn't that be more efficient? As pork approaches zero, it's not only fair, but founders won't waste all their time writing grant proposals and we all won't have to waste our time getting involved in politics. And? Of course popular movies are in high demand, so the rental queue is longer. They avoid showing you movies that would cause a long wait. The movies on Netflix's list are probably better than the new releases. In fact, the real manipulation is the idea of new releases, that half the demand should be for this season's movies. The actual best movies of all time are probably not on this week's best sellers list. It's a Hollywood marketing artifact: because buzz causes a superlinear advertising conversion rate, it works best to promote movies in short bursts. New releases also skew revenue from rental stores towards Hollywood (since rental stores have to buy enough for peak demand) so you can't blame Hollywood for doing it. From their point of view, if someone can read the database on their mainframe, that's already doomsday. They put all their security outside that perimeter, but no further layers like encrypting table columns inside. They store passwords the same way they've always stored PIN codes (where encrypting would be pointless): there's a ALPHA(8) field right next to the NUMERIC(4) field for your PIN. Those design decisions are from an era where adding an extra VARCHAR(64) to store a MD5 password times 100 million accounts cost real money. It was probably the right decision. Rather than sneer at the older generation, try to see the constraints they worked within. It opens your mind to imagine what "right decisions" now will seem silly to later generations. Non-GC languages with threads kludged in? Program syntax limited to ASCII? Silicon? IPv4 & NATs? There are good reasons why conventional aircraft have their engines on separate pods. They get clean airflow, whereas in the Silent design a wing/body stall would also disrupt air intake to the engines giving a sudden loss in thrust just when you need it most. Not to mention the extra difficulty of maintenance and inspection. And the fact that chunks of ice separating from the body fly right into the turbine. I could live without windows. Have a few cameras connected to the LCD screens in the seats. Should save a lot of weight and drag. Too bad the funding isn't for doing more good research there The choice of camera angles seems biased. Most of the shots showed the driver's side of the old car where the impact is and only the passenger side of the new car. I'm not disputing their overall conclusion, but it'd be fairer to start with overhead angles and show equal time on both sides. Instructive to read the original outrage here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=844228 But in the end, they did the reasonable thing: delete the email and move on. The single most important thing that you can do to increase your chances of getting into Y-Combinator is to do what you should be doing anyway: going full-speed ahead on your startup Exactly. We're impressed by teams that get things done, and unimpressed by teams haven't even started to build something. I've often found myself thinking, "If you think this is so great an idea, why haven't you spent some weekends building a version 0 prototype?" A tragic loss. Dan was smart, dedicated, funny, and always a pleasure to talk to. Please: If you ever find yourself despairing, reach out to your friends, co-founders, parents, investors, someone. They are much more likely to understand than you may think. It's easy to wave your arms and ask for "better" government intervention, but the government's already doing the best it can. It has ups and downs in each department as attention shifts, but on average it probably won't get any better over the long run. Economic systems need to be designed so that mediocre government regulation doesn't lead to catastrophes. A valid version of the question is when was the last prizeworthy discovery was made. Giant magnetoresistance (2007 prize) was discovered in 1988. Bose-Einstein condensates (2001 prize) were figured out in 1995. I can't find any more recent discoveries. They seem to be trying to clear the backlog. This year's prize is shared by two basically unrelated ideas, which must be a strategy to catch up. Yeah, it's kind of like saying "De Beers has so much money, why don't they use it to mine more diamonds so everyone can wear some." It is the scarcity that makes them valuable. Despite having gotten a lot out of Harvard, I have not been whipping out my checkbook when they ask for alumni contributions, because it's hard to see how even an extra billion would make any students' lives better. I don't think you can say the companies themselves are evil. Evil implies a deliberate choice to hurt people instead of helping them. I don't think insurance companies have that choice. They're in the business of collecting modest premiums in return for being on the hook to pay out large amounts of money for the few most sick patients. Of course they're going to drag their feet on paying and try to get the sick ones off the books. If they paid all the claims, they'd be out of business. They don't have a choice, so you can't call them evil. The unfortunate second-order effect is that it attracts the wrong kinds of people. They need software to find people most likely to cost them money, and jack up their premiums until they switch. Would you want to write that software? Like, the line of code that says, if policy.expected_payout > policy.current_premium*0.6: policy.schedule_increase() In the Y Combinator / Anybots office we just switched to Meraki's commercial-grade APs and they kick butt. Only a little more expensive than consumer boxes and they provide seamless roaming between APs, multiple virtual networks, and seem to handle large loads well. Somehow they isolate 802.11b users on a separate channel (there are still plenty of laptops that only do .b), so .g and .n users get full bandwidth. I think they push .a-capable users onto 5 GHz too. Also easy to set up. It's the first of many APs I've owned that hasn't made me pull my hair out. Recommended. For example, a function might be inlined at some call sites and not inlined at others. Inlined versions might carry 80 bits through the result, but non-inlined version are truncated to 64. So in: double foo(double x) { return x*3.3; } double bar1(double x) { return foo(x); } double bar2(double x) { return foo(x); } void t_bar(double x) { assert(bar1(x) == bar2(x)); } t_bar can fail depending on how bar1 and bar2 are compiled. At Viaweb, my careless use of $_ in Perl led to the name of every credit card shown in the merchant UI being replaced by a secret auth key. I didn't see it because that particular auth check was bypassed for admin users like me. It wasn't a serious security hole, and we changed the auth key afterwards. But as it happened, I was in a cranky mood when I created the auth key and it had some bad words in it, so it was a little embarrassing. Runaway robots at Anybots have caused: - 2 holes in drywall - 1 bent bookshelf - 1 dent in concrete floor - 1 frightened Jessica - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkenIInV9rI The last one was fun because I have logs showing packets from the PC/104 computer stack (running FreeBSD) connected to the robot while it was in midair. Calling the least mean square fit function in the linpack library used to go into an infinite loop occasionally. I tracked it down to some very dusty FORTRAN code in the linpack kernel, which gfortran42 compiles incorrectly. Adding -ffloat-store to the compile flags for that library fixed it. Monty weighs 160 lbs, and at the time had an over-designed metal piece for its neck. A sensor failed and it faceplanted, taking a 1 cm deep chunk out of the concrete. It's still there, under some carpet. returning a double can be optimized into returning an 80-bit result in a register. If this happens with bar1 but not bar2, then you get different results. The proper definition of a species is that individuals can interbreed and have fertile offspring. It's impossible to test whether two fossils are the same species. The usual assumption is that if they look different they were different species, but that can be wrong for many reasons. Dogs, for example, are all one species, but you might well classify Chihuahuas and Labradors separately based on their remains For full discussion, including various proposed definitions and the problems of identifying species from fossils, see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Species Truth, beauty and love can be tested. If I think someone loves me, I can hug them and see how they hug back. If I think something's beautiful, I can hang it on my wall next to something else I think is beautiful, and see if I still like it next week. Truths can be tested by finding & testing physical implications of that truth. None of these tests are absolute Popper-grade refutations, but they're good enough to be useful. Startups are generally based on some hypothesis (like "people want to communicate by multicasting 140-character messages"). Not refutable, exactly, but testable by building a company around it. Smart founders keep track of their hypotheses and are always looking for evidence for and against them. How do you know what else you need to learn? The best way I know is to try doing whatever it is, and see what's hard. Sometimes you can fill in the gaps in real-time, sometimes you need to go back and study. This looks great! I'm already imagining some quick Python scripts I want to write to help automate component selection Old technology. You can buy a range of such things from industrial suppliers like McMaster. http://www.mcmaster.com/#air-amplifiers/=41ls8s . They tend to be loud and inefficient, but useful in dirty environments where fan blades would get damaged. Congrats, guys. Empty/fill those basements! I don't think it's fair to rule out the possibility of a simple screw-up. I've been responsible for important web services and I took a lot of precautions, but I can't say it was inconceivable that something could have gone wrong causing major permanent data loss. There are so many ways in which failures can cascade in a complex system there can be no absolute guarantees. Can anyone quantify how much address book data there was? As an outside guess, 1,000,000 customers times 1000 addresses times 300 bytes each is only 300 GB. They could have kept an emergency backup on rsync.net for $300 / month. I keep secondary, well-encrypted backups of things I particularly care about (not nearly 300 GB worth) there, as well as on a USB disk under my bed, in addition to the regular complete backups. If I like ugly things, great. I can find art I enjoy for cheap. People are weirdly insecure about their taste in visual art. Nobody worries "Uh-oh, what if I like music that's actually bad?" I guess at least with bad music, you feel like you have company. If you're into Eminem you'll meet other people with Eminem T-shirts, but you don't see people with Thomas Kinkade or Jeff Koons T-shirts. Should there be a word? "NIH mentality" is close, but not exactly what's claimed in the article. A power supply designer would be super-useful. I've designed at least a dozen onto PCBs in the last several years, all pretty similar to a few reference designs. It's a constant pain in the butt to keep up with obsoleted capacitors. I'd love to see a fully general-purpose power supply designer, where I enter a voltage & power and it spits out a working schematic complete with intelligently selected minimum-cost part numbers. About cold fusion, he says: Maybe fifty years of physics will be proved wrong by one experiment, but don't throw out your furnace until that experiment has been replicated . Pons and Fleischman's announcement can hardly be described as telling people to throw out their furnaces. They announced that they had measurements which were not explainable by the prevailing theories, and the new theory it suggested would be hugely valuable. Some journalists made it seem even more exciting than that, but I don't think you can blame scientists for the way they are reported in the popular press any more than you can blame politicians for what's reported on Fox News. Of course, it turned out that their numbers were better explained by some subtle measurement errors, but it took hundreds of chemists years to convincingly refute the theory. It was not an unreasonable decision to announce it publicly, in order to mobilize the resources necessary to get to the bottom of it. Really? You don't believe such an effect ever happens? It's one thing to say that particular results are not due to the effect, but the effect itself seems like a pretty likely source of error in any not-very-rigorous experiment. Many backup systems copy the data automatically each night, but if the data is damaged on the main system and nobody notices right away it can overwrite the backup. Or, in the stress of late-night recovery sessions, someone can copy things in the wrong direction and overwrite the backup. Sometimes the backups are encrypted with a highly secure key, and the key is lost with the original failure, or stored within the encrypted backup like keys locked inside a car. Because SANs allow multiple machines to write to the same disk, they have byzantine failure modes where data can be overwritten on disk, but cached for long periods of time by the machines that need it so there's no visible problem until after a power failure. When data is migrated to new database hardware, sometimes the backups haven't actually been tested. Sometimes during the cutover, someone who didn't fully understand the architecture backs up the new (empty) machine on top of the old machine's backups, so there is no backup for a while. All these mistakes can happen pretty easily when sysadmins are woken up in the night to fix a service outage while people are yelling at them. I have made some of these mistakes myself, though so far I've been lucky. The computer industry has never learned to admit that there is always some level of risk. You won't hear an oil company exec say "Inconceivable!" when an iceberg crashes into a North Sea oil rig, or a refinery catches on fire. Systems fail, and all you can do is try your best to avoid it and move forward after it does happen. OK, fair enough. It hasn't been convincingly demonstrated. But maybe you'll agree that it's still a good idea to watch out for the Hawthorne effect when doing human performance research, because it seems like a possible source of error. You wouldn't tell experimenters "there is no Hawthorne effect, so stop worrying about it." Oh, but the lack of neutron output was the most interesting part! If there had been neutrons, people would have assumed there was an obscure sort of inertial confinement fusion going on at some particular kind of defect in the crystal structure, perhaps a microscopic Farnsworth Fusor. Such an effect would be intriguing if it existed, but not very fundamental and probably not that useful. Cold Fusion was important because it raised the possibility of a previously unknown mass/energy conversion mechanism, or at least a manifestation of a poorly understood one like neutrino emission or absorption. Neutrinos are a good lesson in how much we actually understand the world. The neutrino flux from the sun is thought to be 10^12 particles per square meter per second, yet its mass is "Unknown, probably nonzero" [Wikipedia]. They don't seem to interact with ordinary matter much, but we can't rule out them interacting strongly with particular molecular structures in Palladium-Deuterium alloys. Nor can we rule out the presence of particles that interact even more weakly than neutrinos. The 1995 Nobel was awarded for finding evidence of neutrinos that are now thought to have been antineutrinos. Particle physics is not a solved problem. A company would save greater than half a million metric tons of carbon annually by putting their data center in Iceland. A typical server uses 1 ton / year. Not many companies have more than half a million servers. Perhaps only about 2 companies. People like to gamble, and with some modest controls it can be fun and healthy. Gambling is highly regulated because once upon a time it was associated with sleazy bookies and loansharks that caused a lot of collateral damage in society. But now it's mainly a question of regulatory capture. Las Vegas is hugely profitable because it has a near-monopoly on gambling in the the US, and they're "encouraging" the regulators to protect society from any of their upstart competitors. The right answer is to simply deregulate gambling. But obviously the incumbents, the regulators, and the senators from Nevada are going to fight against it. This chain of reasoning: we discover more oil => we burn more fossil fuels => => global temperatures increase => poor people starve is very tenuous. Discovering more oil is mainly bad for people that already own major oil reserves, and they lobby subtly for peak oil & carbon caps. More oil discoveries probably don't cause major increases in the amount consumed. Burning fossil fuels may cause global warming, or may not, or it may be easy to fix by adding some dust to the upper atmosphere. Most people seem to accept it as an article of faith either way. Global temperature increases may cause a reduction in food supply, or an increase. Certainly much of northern China will increase food production with a longer growing season. It probably increases ocean fish yields too. So it's very debatable as to the net effect. Anyway, a claim depending on 3 somewhat dubious claims is extremely dubious. Maybe you believe each has a 75% chance of being true, but then all 3 have only a 42% chance of being true, so I'm assuming it's false. I just talked to a guy who's building a data center with 13 MW power input. I assume that includes air conditioning, so if a typical machine + overhead is 130 watts that's 100,000 machines. It might take a while before they fill that even half way. He seems to argue both that the fall of Bear Stearns was inevitable, and that it's impossible that a smart outsider could simply have figured that out and bet against them, therefore the naked short must be due to insider trading. You can't have both. My big python app (the robot end of a telepresence connection) suffers from GIL problems. Mostly, threads are used for C-only stuff like video compression so they can easily release the GIL while running. But I gotta say, the complexities of GIL correctness, thread performance, gtk/gobject, callbacks, boost.python, GC-correctness of both Python and C++ objects, and polling make my head hurt. Simplicity would be a find goal for the new system. Good idea. The pricing structure is part of the product. I did the halfway version of this in a previous project: there was a special magic credit card number which didn't actually get charged, but I got the emails every month telling me what had been fake-charged so I felt that part of the customer experience. Recommended. Most viruses just make you sick. It's at least possible that a virus could evolve where the RNA coded for THC or alcohol. Or some other chemical that affects mood. That would make for an entertaining, non-sobering flu season. Can someone estimate the probability of something like that happening spontaneously? How big a fleet of drone aircraft would you need search the US in a couple hours? It'd be tens of thousands, but it might be doable for a few million bucks. I think you could fly pretty high and use large telephoto lenses and high-speed video cameras to see red dots while scanning quickly. That'd be a more interesting project than trying to enlist a lot of volunteer spotters with iPhone apps. Yes. I liked Macs starting in 1988 or so. I fell out of love sometime around system 8, and spent many happy years with Unix variants. But OSX brought me back. "If your first version is so impressive that trolls don't make fun of it, you waited too long to launch." -- pg They seem to have gotten it about right. The 128k Mac was a way to start a conversation with customers and developers. Thanks guys! Yes, they're up for debate, because at many times in the last 20 years people have had very different opinions on all those topics. People who grew up with the current trends find it hard to see, but read some late-80s business magazine articles for a different perspective. Back then, the trends were B-school, investment banking, investing in lowering production cost, consumer brand marketing, selling razor blades, etc. Few people thought you could make a huge business in software. Many of those trends changed. I think Paul's claim is that the trends he mentions are good long-term bets. McDonalds also recognizes the power of the Internet and they make extensive use of it, but I wouldn't say anything fundamental has changed about their business. I think the government's in the same boat, just 5-10 years behind. Google may spend about $500,000,000 / year on servers [educated guess, probably within a factor of 2]. More than the cost of 1000 engineers. It's worth it for them to put serious effort into efficiency. Provide facts. You can do the experiment in a few minutes, unless you are proven wrong. Remember that you have to wait for it to finish compressing before you tweet it out, so you have to come back and check a few times. Certain things make people happy, and people repeat behaviors that made them happy in the past. The fact that happiness is communicated throughout the brain by dopamine concentrations has no predictive value in figuring out what new thing might also make people happy. s/dopamine/happy juice/ and the article has exactly the same information content. People like to throw around names of neurotransmitters in order to sound scientific. But to then claim a special connection between dopamine and 140 character messages is pseudoscience. That's probably true for average joes. But I'm guessing the OP is far more motivated by making an impact in the world than average. Personally, I get 70% of my happiness from making a difference in the world and building great stuff, and 30% from relationships. (Despite that, my lifetime average length of relationship is 4.3 years. It could be worse.) I found that my life improved when I accepted that ratio and organized my life around maximizing the 70% while not ruining the 30%. It's a guess. I decided I needed a specific number, because being pulled in several directions all the time is hard, and it's hardest when the pull is between work and relationships. Having a slightly wrong target number for work/relationship balance is better than having no number at all. Perhaps a reasonable idea, but I stopped reading at "Homo Numericus" Basically, they don't know squat. They had one crater and a theory. Then they found a 2nd crater and a new theory emerges. Presumably there's a 3rd crater somewhere that'll require another theory. I think I'll ignore paleontology for another 20 years and see if the theories settle down. I don't read John's post as an accusation of wrongdoing. He's just pointing out something that price-conscious consumers would want to know about. Bountii is much more powerful than Froogle & Bing because prices aren't just X in one store and Y in another store. Bountii is all about helping price-conscious consumers get the deals most people don't find. Good for them for raising awareness of this new kind of price discrimination. The article conflates selling marketing info with credit card numbers. Selling my marketing info (name, demographics & email) to companies who want to advertise to me is annoying, but not deeply wrong. Passing on my credit card number so a 3rd party can charge me for stuff I never wanted is deeply wrong. Credit card acquirers used to self-regulate that sort of thing, but clearly many of them are in on the swindle. Is there software that warns me about devious business practices, similar to anti-Phishing software? I'd install something that highlights & explains fine print or deceptive practices that have burned people in the past. I'd pay for a version that protected my kids. They're cautious about scammy offers, but it sucks that I had to teach them about it. It doesn't work: many companies are already at the bottom of that tar pit. Sick benefits mean: if you convince a doctor you are too sick to work, you can stop working and the insurance company pays your salary indefinitely instead. As you might imagine, some people try to take a long paid vacation this way using vague subjective illnesses like depression. So insurance companies really do have to defend themselves from fake claims and malingering. I dunno about this case, but in general you can appreciate why they have to try to catch fakers. So once all subterfuges have been published, no subterfuges will work any more? In a world with a finite number of spies, most spies are not being watched by other spies at most times. And spies assigned to watch a particular target spy are generally less highly trained than the target. Simple tricks to avoid attracting attention from casual observers are still useful. The barriers are not high at Y Combinator. Most of the people we invest in are not from fancy schools. A Harvard degree suggests 3 good qualities in a founder: at least medium-smart, fairly ambitious, and won't be intimidated by VCs with Stanford degrees. But there are lots of other things I see in founder biographies that suggest the same qualities, so impressive academic credentials are by no means required. The danger you face, and I speak from experience here, is that because you get such good results from studying math, you neglect other things like learning about history and developing social skills. You probably can't make progress 2-3x as fast as normal people there. So concentrate on your strengths, but don't neglect the other stuff. And please consider applying to Y Combinator and starting a startup when the time is right. I don't think the BCD effect goes as far as you say. In a nutshell, the effect is that because artists can make $X working day jobs, you have to pay O($X) for them to perform. But this effect stops working before artists price themselves out of the market, because artists actually like performing and adjust their price to clear the market. This is why you can hire a really good band to play at your party for only several hundred bucks. On systems that support symlinks like OSX and Linux they can be made to look equivalent, but under Windows the differences are noticeable. Can you point to someone who developed a useful medicine for 3rd-world diseases and failed to make money? Few diseases are confined to only extremely poor areas. Medicines against malaria, for example, are a robust business. If you developed a good vaccine, you could make a lot of money selling it in Brazil, China, India, and other developing countries. The reason there is no vaccine isn't because there's no money to be made, but people have actually tried pretty hard and been unable to develop vaccines that aren't as risky as the disease itself. All these things have historically made huge amounts of money. While there are some very visible recent failures, the average return on all these industries over their lifetimes has been very good. I read the whole thing through thinking "this doesn't sound like Dustin." I not sure I understand the custom of guest blog entries. Why doesn't Mr. X publish this on his own blog? It's a decent article -- why not build up his own blog's reputation? Is he trying to reach a wider audience by pulpit-hopping? I was more inclined to click on the link because I saw the domain name and usually like Dustin's blog entries, so is Dustin leveraging his brand or just diluting it? Desktop computers have tens of millions of lines of active software, and for most users they only exhibit a bug every week or so. By any measure, that level of reliability far exceeds any other industry. Chipmakers achieve 0.999999 reliability, which is impressive, but if software had only that level of reliability it would crash every millisecond. Would you rather be working in 360 assembler or FORTRAN66 to Python/Ruby/Javascript? Overall I think he's right, but it also reminds me of arguments in the 1960s and 70s against seat belts and air bags: that by adding a new safeguard, people would come to depend on it and neglect other more effective precautions like driving carefully. There is indeed a "risk homeostasis" effect, but history suggests that extra precautions do reduce overall risk. They're different units. When chipmakers claim six-sigma (about 0.999999 reliability) they mean that when you order a million chips from them, on average 1 will be bad. It's not apples-to-apples, but if you look at the number of lines of code executed before a noticeable bug it's in the trillions. W isn't supposed to be "good design". What they are is "stylish". They cater to image & brand-conscious people just like Prada or Versace. I assume it's a profitable niche. The "stay in your seat during the last hour" rule isn't completely frivolous. Bombers arriving in the US are likely to wait until they are over their destination city because it will make the bombing more dramatic. The goal is fear, not deaths. Also, people tend to procrastinate suicide bombings. Obviously, stewardesses telling people to stay in their seats won't prevent bombers from detonating their bombs, but it may make their behavior more noticeable to other passengers. I'm very surprised that there still isn't some screening machine that detects all explosives. How hard can it be? It'd be much nicer to just walk through a big sniffing machine than all the other ineffective rigmarole. Can someone point to a useful program written in a 99%+ functional style? VR goggles are OK with 150 mS round-trip delay, as long as the user's head movement is compensated for locally. There are lots of wrong ways to do it, such as moving the robot's head to match the operator's, but it's not too hard to do it the right way. It turns out the human nervous system has 100 - 200 mS delay. Peripheral nerves conduct at only 10 - 50 m/S, so your brain is already adapted to some delay. More delay makes juggling & stuff harder, but most office work is only slowed down slightly. Well written, Dani, thanks. Big companies are smarter than gov't regulators, they understand their business better, and they have a longer time horizon. So when the government comes around to regulate them, they think "OK, how can we turn this into a huge barrier to entry for new competitors?" They have large lobbyist and strategy budgets. They generally win. The most misregulated industries in the US are energy, medical, and transportation. So there are lots of glaring inefficiencies, but they are there for a reason. Technologists assume the reason is stupidity and that clever inventions can fix things. Frustration ensues. For your energy storage system, I suggest you target large energy consumers like manufacturing plants. Big ones have access to spot markets. Give them a system to store energy when it's cheap and deliver it to the machines during the daytime. If you can show Prior to the advent of rapidly updated social media, bad news about cars seeped out at the local level. A pattern of accidents here. A sudden uptick in complaints to dealerships there. ... Sufficient evidence to warrant even a NHTSA investigation could take years to organize. Deadly cars could remain on the road for far too long... In fact, social media had nothing to do with discovering the pattern. It only fueled the flamefest after news stories based on government investigation. An individual who has expatriated for tax reasons must pay US taxes on all US-derived income . True, and they're fairly effective at collecting it too by withholding at the source. So if you don't want the IRS in your life, you can't get paid by US companies. Billions of people manage to do so. I think you could make the same argument for lots of things computers do. Could Grand Theft Auto 4, including the character AI and per-pixel 3D rendering, be implemented by people following instructions on cards? Yes, because Turing machines yadda yadda. But it's inconceivable to non-programmers. The Chinese room argument is convincing for the same reason: doing something AI-like requires billions of steps and non-programmers can't imagine building up something that complex from primitive operations. Divergences are given in so many units it's really hard to compare anything. Examples: 0.018 foot, 0.04 inch, 0.045 cm. I've ended up with that style. The robot software is Python at the high level, C++ for low-level or OS-specific stuff. It runs fast and is easy to hack on I make like $150 / month from it even though my traffic is small, which I think is pretty cool. Essays about how to build stuff get high-CPC ads for servo motors & robot kits & stuff. I would happily pay a locksmith to replace locks. But there's no electronic system I've seen that didn't suck. Congrats! I just starting using Redis + node.js for Anybots web infrastructure, and I'm very happy with it. Don't let the new company ruin it. The problem is that the actual spec for validating email addresses is preposterously long and complex, and can't even be implemented as a regexp since it requires nested parsing. So everyone just writes /^\w+@\w+\.[\.\w]+$/ or something lame. I think I'm happy about that. Block away, dear leaders. I include this kind of rewrite in my webserver, so my CSS files stay clean. For instance, data = data.replace(/^\s*border-radius:\s*(\w+);$/mg, 'border-radius: $1; -moz-border-radius: $1; -webkit-border-radius: $1;'); I just have to change it in the one place when some new CSS tweak comes along. Good for him. Having money would disrupt his life and set back his work. I'm waiting to see what he comes up with next. I don't think they'll be bumming if they get to be as big as Gmail. It sounds derivative, but in fact crocodoc is great. While there are lots of document markup tools, I actually use and like crocodoc. Use it a few times to mark up a real document and you'll see. The mean age of new Prius buyers is 53, so 60+ is not astonishing. It's not really a discovery. Read this instead: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Archaea#Ecology The interesting thing in the article is the density they found: 10^7 organisms / gram. I'd be happier with a system that got to the bottom of the original crime, rather than trying to entrap them into new crimes trying to defend their public image. Getting to the bottom of what went wrong is important to the future of the US economy, far more important than jailing a few alleged swindlers. I think you learn something by typing it in that you don't by scanning code on the screen. I learned a lot by typing in Applesoft Basic programs when I was 10. It's like the difference between learning a language by actively trying to speak it, vs. just reading. Pair.com decided to shut down our hosting, because we got 150k hits in 30 minutes. Not that much, really. Anyway, I switched to Slicehost. No, it was fairly gradual. He seems to be claiming that in the phrase I don't feel comfortable signing up for a $7,000 extra flight without talking to you guys , it's the word to that signals the manager/subordinate relationship. It seems to me that ... without talking ... you is the best clue. In English, subjunctive case usually requires a to , and people asking permission use the subjunctive a lot. Is that the signal he's finding? Is that the best NLP can do? h.264 is far, far more open than Flash. What matters is that the spec is public and that you can choose from many implementations. There are no usable competing implementations of Flash, but dozens for h.264 including excellent open-source ones. The h.264 terms aren't onerous. If you ship less than 100,000 devices you pay nothing. At large scale, it's $0.10 / unit. When selling hardware, that's a pretty light tax. As Jobs points out, Theora is not immune to patents. On2's many patents are irrevocably licensed for free, but there are thousands more patents that may apply held by trolls. It sucks to ship devices with unknown patent liabilities. It almost destroyed RIM, for example. "Civilization" is putting it a little strongly. Patents have 18-year lifetimes, and the mpeg4 patent clocks have all been ticking for at least a few years now. In a historical perspective, this too shall pass. Right, 2% is unlikely to change anyone's business model. Older people who move around have half the mortality rate of their peers. Well that proves something. No chance of mixing up causation there. I think the point is that postural support muscles have special metabolism that does good things when they're active (generating force) for extended periods of time. A chair that molds you into the shape doesn't make the muscles work. Thank you to everyone who has worked hard either as a colleague or by building any of the products that make me happy. I'm genuinely grateful to all of you, from the folks at HP in the 70s who made wonderful calculators (my first exposure to great technology) up through today where Apple, Dropbox, Google, and many others are a large part of my daily life. Your hard work has made things that changed the course of history, pleased millions of users, and affected everyone on the planet in some way. Keep up the good work. The theoretical density they give neglects some overhead. If you divide the area of a chip by the size of a transistor, you should get 100 billion transistors on a chip, but in fact you can only get about 1 billion. The rest is overhead: wiring, power, isolation, etc. Probably a similar overhead will apply to memristors. Also, in the 5+ years it takes to make them practical and reliable, transistors will make progress too. So it's unfair to compare the theoretical density of a new technology to the achieved density of an existing technology. Changing the declaration syntax could be a big improvement, but changing assignment operators is a bad idea. (summary: a=b now tests for equality, a:=b is assignment). I know if I start using a language where a=b means equality test, I'm going to make that mistake in Javascript, Python, and every other language I use. When designing a new language, remember that people spend most of the time using other languages. So don't be gratuitously incompatible in dangerous ways. Probably just a Martian face. I suspect you could find equally plausible logos in many binaries by trying enough combinations of screen width & formatting and doing some kind of image recognition on the ascii art. Good question. When the sound comes out of one robot's speaker and into the other's microphone, it sounds a bit tinny though intelligible enough. One of our planned hacks is to shortcut the audio inside the cloud, but it's tricky to not end up with extra echoes. Yes, I think there's a huge opportunity to automate the easy 80% of many jobs without requiring general AI. You just bring the people back on line when it gets stuck. So choose a good password, or always wear pants. QA had two big problems. First, it looked too much like a sci-fi robot and people wanted to interact with it rather than the guy controlling it. Second, it was heavy (65 lbs) and fragile. After a couple of smashups we found ourselves just picking up the phone instead of using it. We redesigned QB to look more abstract, so it doesn't seem like a 3rd party in the conversation, and it's light (35 lbs) and padded so we just drive it full tilt all over the office without worrying about the robot or furniture. We originally thought the main use case would be avoiding trips overseas, but we find ourselves using it to ask questions of people in the next office. Email and IM went through the same trend, so I guess that shouldn't be surprising. The design is by Scott Wiley. If you've been to the Anybots / Y Combinator offices, the oil paintings on the walls are all his. He's also a mechanical engineer who has designed space station lasers &c. Modern 3D cad software & stereolithography are amazing. You can get a student edition of SolidWorks, upload the 3D files to stereolithography.com, and get parts back in a week. Cost for smallish parts is tens to hundreds of dollars. It runs FreeBSD 8. We use SSL between the robot & cloud, but user logins to the web interface use passwords over https. I'd like to support something stronger. Can someone point to a website with truly secure logins I can poke at? Yes. The storage cost for all jpeg files in the world probably doesn't justify a major standards effort. The effort behind converting most of the world from gif to png must have been millions of man hours. East-blowing pollution was a huge problem in early industrial London, where many American settlers came from. Whether or not there was a pollution problem where they later built cities, the meme of west=fancy, east=working class was ingrained. Certainly in places like East Palo Alto, the problem is not being downwind of something. It's just that the name "East" is a self-fulfilling prediction of being worse. It only takes a tiny nudge to tip the economic divide towards one side of town or the other. I loved it from the beginning, and I still love it. I'm happy it's catching on because I think it will improve a lot of people's experience of the internet. Partly because of the form factor, partly because it's so much simpler than administering a Windows system. I spend significantly more time interacting with my computers than my lovers. Don't you? So the quality of my computers affects the quality of my life as much as choosing the right woman. The iPad is smart, sexy and low-maintenance. I'd like more options, of course. It took 4 years for someone to come up with a halfway credible competitor to the iPod (the Zune). I wonder how long it will take for the iPad. Count is a poor measure. Both Apple and Microsoft lump together fixes for remote code execution vulnerabilities (terrifying), privilege escalations (not a big deal for personal machines) and denial-of-service vulnerabilities (not important except for public servers) as "security fixes". You don't need to start a "car company" to be in the car industry. As a new company, you should make components or technology for cars, oil drilling, banking, etc. We're very interested in deploying them as field support robots. Especially for physical equipment. We'd be happy to have you in our beta test program. info@anybots.com if you're interested. Most people can't manage to take time off and travel overseas more than once a year. They might see more of the world if it were easier. Also, there are a lot of elderly, infirm, or handicapped people in the world who can't physically travel. It's better to optimize your life around what you value now, not a prediction of what your old, dying self might value differently. Because your prediction is unlikely to be right, and you're probably making better decisions now than while facing death. AFAIK, every startup in the transaction business has had to build it themselves. I suspect it's hard to build without also running a transaction business, because you just wouldn't know what fraud patterns look like. Devpayments.com rocks. It's an order of magnitude less hassle than any other system I've used. Anybots processes robot sales & billing through them. Which of your possessions are manufactured in the US? Not many of mine are. No electronics I can think of, and not my cars or my furniture or 95% of my clothes. When economic measures seem out of whack with observed reality, one should question what the numbers really mean. The description of the algorithm is eccentric. I'm guessing it's written by a lawyer. It's not the way cryptographers or hardware people talk. I think it's simpler than that. The labels would only support a standard with DRM, but secure DRM is impossible, and making copying inconvenient won't keep the content off torrents. It must have sucked to be on that standards body. Convertible notes allow founders to close angel deals one at a time with varying valuations. It makes it much easier for small angels to compete with big angels. The old practice of stock issuance required a big angel to make the whole deal happen, and they could dictate terms. Now, big angels are losing their advantage over small angels. I understand why they're unhappy, but I encourage them to compete fairly on their merits rather than anything anti-competitive. His argument conflates all kinds of professors. Public opinion isn't nearly so negative about medical research faculty, because they make an obvious contribution to society. It's less obvious how professors of literature contribute, or what would go wrong with the world if the government stopped funding them. It's unlikely to be faster. I can pay with cash or credit card in much less time than my iPhone takes to get a GPS fix & 3G connection indoors. Also, credit cards are very reliable. I've had mine fail (mag stripe wear, etc.) maybe 3 times in 20 years, but even then it's still usable the old-fashioned way. My iPhone fails (low battery, weak signal) at least weekly. Being occasionally unable to pay is a Really Bad Experience that users won't forgive. Slower and less reliable. I predict it won't take off. And of course, sunlight has a wide range of wavelengths and it's almost impossible to convert >1000 nM light to electricity, so you can't get close to 100%. The problem with current cells isn't efficiency but cost. 5% efficient cells that were cheap (including mounting & protection) would be a breakthrough. I've been privy to some secret acquisition terms in the past, and in most cases the speculation on the web had no connection to reality. When you make up numbers, they can get repeated until they gain credibility and drown out any genuine information about the deal, a disservice to the community. You're right about remote applications, of course. I'm thinking about replacing coal with solar on a large scale. Roofs are a silly place to put solar cells. Like everyone growing wheat on their roofs. Farms are the right model for harnessing lots of sunlight to grow food or make electricity. If you hand a government complete power over a critical resource, and you or your peers don't vote for that government, you will regret it. The historical parallel to oil is not lost on Libya. Before 1850 or so, oil was just a nuisance mineral. When the West developed applications for it, Libya's territory, formerly a desert, was now worth trillions. Oil is now 95% of Libya's exports, and probably 95% of their international power too. Libya's government evolved to defend and exploit natural resources, and they've historically done very un-democratic things to further that goal. So please, don't hand them the keys to your startup. There are two ways of reducing fossil fuel consumption: reduce demand and reduce supply. Reducing supply (by preventing drilling new wells, embargoing oil producers and bombing foreign oil wells) is currently ahead, thus the price has risen from $30ish to $80ish / bbl. Owners of existing wells have made a huge windfall. It would be surprising if they weren't heavily interested in further supply reductions. The effect is pretty straightforward and not hard to make work in a lab. The problem is that it works at very high temperatures, and ion-permeable membranes degrade quickly at those temperatures. Anything sufficiently hot will randomly eject atoms and evaporate, even ceramic. It sounds like his work is an improved ceramic membrane, but it's not useful unless it lasts thousands of hours at full temperature, with temperature cycling every day. Shermer's stuff is usually good, but this article hinges on a false argument. Many things other than ionizing radiation cause cancer. Electromagnetic radiation is shown to cause small changes in biological function, and that could certainly include accelerating growth or halting programmed cell death, both of which increase risk of serious cancers. Obviously the excess cancer risk must be small or we'd have seen it, so not to worry. I'd much rather see studies on the long-term impact of non-ionizing radiation on overall brain function. I gather that the default rate for payday loans is several percent per month, so you'd lose money charging 30% APR (2.2% / month). Can anyone point to a good article on how the industry works and who their customers are? Sweet! We installed one at Anybots and it's surprisingly useful to know how much power the building is using. You make what you measure, or in this case use less of what you measure. The solution given is incorrect. It yields 29 white balls, while the following yields 35. 1 jar1:2 2 3 jar2:3 4 5 6 jar1:2 jar2:4 7 8 9 jar2:6 10 11 12 jar1:11 jar2:3 13 14 15 Different founder personalities choose the city or valley. Funky hipsters want to live in the city, head-down coders choose the valley, and many are pulled both ways and have to make a hard choice. Rather than the geography causing cliques, I think personality types determine both geography and friendships. Yes. It's somewhat rational. The city keeps you more in touch with urban culture, the valley gives you fewer distractions. The talent pool is somewhat polarized, with more graphic designers & marketers in the city and more hackers in the valley, so depending on your hiring needs it may make sense to prefer one or the other. It's a shame the commute between them sucks so much. It is easy. Y Combinator's application process is designed to take only an hour or two, though it can take much longer if you have to figure out what your company is going to make at the same time. But you have to figure that out anyway -- it's not really a difficulty of raising seed money. Y Combinator is very selective, but there are many other incubator / tech accelerator programs where the bar is not so high. A poorly written book about an interesting topic, I thought. The article charges that at HP, Fiorina maximized shareholder value at the expense of a great intellectual & humanitarian legacy. You can deplore that or not depending on your economics. But it's not a reason to paint her as a bumbler or willful destroyer. The market approved her strategy at Lucent and most of her time at HP. Worth reading, thanks. But it faults her for Lucent's strategy of pushing new products into the market by financing small companies to buy and operate them. Not only was it approved by the market, it was a sound strategy. Lucent was continually developing new networking equipment with a particular service model in mind, but AT&T was sluggish in deploying them. So they found ambitious small companies and hooked them up with equipment on time payment plans. Generally they ran the service better than the telcos would have, and it created lots of great companies. The HP way is very much alive at Agilent. It's the right way to build test equipment and their stuff remains the gold standard. But it turned out that building ink jet printers was a low-margin business so that part of the company had to become a less luxurious place to work. "Hollywood doesn't understand" means that it can't be conveyed in the Hollywood medium, not that a particular artist in Hollywood doesn't understand it. The point of the Kobayashi-Maru test isn't to test whether they're capable of passing impossible tests, it's to test their character facing death. If you're choosing fellows to go to war with, you want to choose ones that won't shit their pants or otherwise make your last moments alive together awkward. Some interviewers are searching for talent , some are weeding out bozos . (The categories overlap: I know some talented bozos.) Yet, companies who can pull off those feats are the ones who survive. A 1 TB database, even 5 years ago, shouldn't take more than a week or two to build properly. The solution I've used in the past, a Netapp file server with hashed directories of key-named files, takes zero programming and a couple hours to install. (You can easily read 5000 files / sec over NFS from one of their file servers.) This kind of online griefing continues because people applaud it as clever and cool. This is an artless act of vandalism, like spray painting penises on Doctorow's house in real life. Please HN, don't give vandals credibility. You also get different loans if you walk into a bank wearing a suit vs. a hoodie. I don't think PG or anyone is peeved by it. It's just that if your email isn't in your profile, you won't get notified. Keep in mind that by Billion he means 10^12, so it is actually a huge amount of money. It must, otherwise the argument about there not being 5 billion worth of gold in the world is silly. Baron Blackheath was born in the 30s and worked in banking in the 60s, so he certainly grew up with the 10^12 usage. Please standardize on either lower=better or higher=better. The graphs switch conventions frequently making it hard to interpret at a glance. Forthright and classy. Compare to register.com, which had a big DNS outage Friday (affecting anybots.com) and never admitted to a problem. There weren't any prophecies behind YC. We just decided to make something to make more startups, and executed. 94% is not science. If you do 15 random experiments, there's a good chance one of them will succeed at the 94% confidence level. At Anybots, we built all the real-time robot code in Python with performance-critical bits in C++ wrapped using boost::python. Server code is in pure Javascript on Node.JS. I haven't tried to integrate C++ into Node, but it looks easy. It seems surprising that a stack of bills could have a lot (30%) of folds in them without making it obviously bulge in the middle. Nice work, EFF. Thanks. Indeed, I shudder to imagine people following this advice and importuning others. The social contract among my peers seem to be to only ask for things that could be the start of a win-win negotiation. A complication is that if the effect were real, all our ideas of prior vs. posterior probability would need re-thinking. The hypothesis is that humans can be influenced by posterior events. That includes the experimenters. Pretty accurate. IPv6 is flawed in ways that make it non-upwards-compatible with IPv4, so a smooth transition is impossible. Oh well, there is enough stuff on the internet already. The first version had two hands which covered and uncovered your eyes. 10% gross margin doesn't mean that the labels get 90%. Bandwidth and storage cost a lot too. Relatively few are pure web startups. They all have websites, of course, but most companies YC funds are in a particular business. Capital can solve the health care problem, along with many others. Hoarding money isn't actually bad for ordinary Americans. It removes money from circulation, which the Fed can make up for as necessary to regulate inflation. Some states are not pure guarantors of justice and peace. Some are downright kleptocracies. Many deposits in Swiss bank accounts are from people who need to secure their wealth from corrupt local officials. The US is not a kleptocracy, but Olenicoff (the American who Birkenfeld smuggled diamonds for) has ample experience with them. A bio reads: Having escaped Stalin’s forced repatriation campaign [from Iran], the Olenicoffs sewed what little money they had into their coat linings and sailed for America. In that situation, a banker who helped them might be called a hero. Failure also works well at company scales. When many hedge funds failed in 2008, some great people were released into the wild. As a result, NYC is now the #2 internet startup city. The most limited, precious resource in the world is people and their time. So admitting failure and moving on is the best thing, continued death marches are the worst thing. The 18.8 number is kilojoules / gram (food energy). The real limit is our ability to burn huge amounts of it. Even a small plane burns over 1 lb / minute, which would be a shocking metabolism for an animal. The most interesting predictions at least got right what would be the hard parts of the problem. Simon Newcombe's full article points to landing as the most difficult part of flying, which turned out to be the case. Landing technique depends on ground effect and stall, which wasn't well understood. I'm still amazed that people spend so much time staring at plywood boxes. What would go wrong in society if the internet and phone system were totally un-tappable by government and people could easily communicate in complete secrecy? Every government seems to want to intercept communications against the people's wishes. What do they understand that I don't? The environment has been steadily improving for the last 40 years. Less vehicle pollution, less industrial pollution, more conscientious consumers. Why not extrapolate in that direction? It matters to customers who are themselves in the valley, like me. I know the teams behind most of the products and web services I use, and it matters that I know who to call when something doesn't work. If customers in the tech world are important to you, you should be where you can go meet them for coffee. Lithium thionyl chloride batteries are not rechargeable. You get 2-3x the capacity of a rechargeable battery, once. Makes sense for this application but not consumer devices. Insubordinate is a much better term. Merely disagreeing with a law doesn't lead to eventual change. You have to break it more and more visibly until they prosecute you, and then get enough people to rally around you and win the case, and the appeal, etc. It also seems very slow. Why does proofreading and typesetting take more than 2-3 days? Citation needed for such a serious accusation. They claim to be ethical. From their about page: "VUPEN follows a private responsible disclosure policy and reports all discovered vulnerabilities to the affected vendor under contract with VUPEN, and works with them to create a timetable pursuant to which the vulnerability information may be publicly disclosed." I've had email for 23 years now. Maybe I should plan to cut it off at 25. The welder's union is the good kind of union, a guild that ensures that every licensed welder is thoroughly competent. That restricts supply and keeps wages high. As an occasional employer of welders, I appreciate their union. Bad welding is really dangerous, and you can't tell the difference by casual inspection, so I'm happy to pay a premium for certified welders. Good tradesmen are hackers. They hack on 50-200 year-old technology, but it's hacking none the less. Not as screwy as the government. See http://www.economist.com/node/18678963?story_id=18678963&... Even with an ultra-modern division of labor, 50% of raising a baby is a lot of work. I wouldn't recommend overlapping that phase of your life with founding a startup. Funding events are usually announced publicly, while revenue isn't. Revenue is also hard to compare between product, service, and advertising-supported companies. Sometimes papers considering something harmful are harmful. De-duping is an obvious optimization that preserves the normal semantics of disks. ZFS and FFS assume particular properties of rotating media which aren't true of flash or other formats. The answer is not to make flash behave more like rotating disks. In this case, they assume that blocks written to very different sector numbers fail independently. FFS writes its superblock every million sectors or so across the whole disk, assuming they will end up on different radial positions or platters so that a head crash won't get both. That hasn't been a valid assumption in a long time. I found your comment useful -- I previously had no idea what sort of party the Pirate party was, and you provided a vivid picture of what kind of fringe they are on. The story would have a different color if they were as mainstream as the Green or Libertarian parties in the US. The Google founders were more than simply good. They were determined to be #1. Most people aren't. When spiders use more bandwidth than customers, your website must not be very popular. It implies that each page is viewed only a handful of times / month on average. The actual Wild West was many things. There were certainly outlaws, but most people were there to farm or mine or provide goods and services to farmers and miners. Those businesses needed clear laws about who owned a piece of land, so a complete set of laws evolved. The best way to make laws is to watch what people decide amongst themselves in reasonable debates, then write down the rules. There are important questions still open. Can online crooks steal my accounts if they guess my password? Can some slimeball send me ten thousand emails about v1agra? Can adults have sexual conversations with minors online? Can email services read my mail, figure out my situation and show me relevant commercial solicitations? Anyway, if someone would put together a template of proposed internet laws as a wiki I'd write some entries. I think they'd be fairer and clearer than laws written by companies, promoted by lobbyists, and voted on by politicians. They have done poorly in the past. The laws about tobacco, food and drugs, to name some glaring examples, are not well aligned with the public interest. So let's have an open public process for writing down some rules to live online by. One would hope so. But many websites that keep personal data aren't very secure. Personal information is stolen online pretty often, and it often seems in hindsight that their information security was embarrassingly slack. If you're a heavy internet user, your information is almost certainly stored in a database sitting on a machine running Windows XP. There can be several security patches in a month, and sys admins can be slow to install them. Are you OK with that? It is inevitable. No government can hire thousands of employees who can evaluate high levels of novelty or cleverness. People who can do so make more money and have more fun in the private sector. When physicists tell you that the Standard Model is incredibly complete, remember that they still can't predict the properties of elements. This. I don't think your business is doomed, but this is a good time to think about what you've discovered and ask "What kind of business do I want to start? How, where, and with whom?" You're much better informed than when you last made that decision. Only applies to integers. Most real numbers are not interesting. I assume he means that a large number of officials were individually targeted, requiring large numbers of hackers working in tandem. FBI seizures are only a tiny fraction of outages. Lots of things knock out servers: power failures, water leaks, A/C failures, theft, fire, explosions, zombie outbreaks, runaway forklifts, mice chewing on cables. The only solution is backup hosting in a separate data center. Anybots uses it to control all its robots. No agency guarantees licensing if you meet simple criteria. For example, they can reject or revoke your driver's license for many obscure and subjective reasons. Money transmittal is the wrong business to be in if you have a bad attitude about government regulation. Since the government creates the money and makes and enforces the rules, you have to work hand-in-hand with them. Some people are good at this, but not often hackers. I think that's false economy. How much do you spend on nice furniture and interior decoration? Take 10% and spend it on good lighting instead, and your quality of life will improve. Even if you're a starving student in a dorm with nothing but a secondhand ikea couch and faded Bieber poster, good broad-spectrum lighting will improve your aesthetic experience. Maybe it can generalize to, "things you've never been part of all seem the same, while things you're personally involved in all seem unique." The difference is that any safe can be opened anyway in a few hours. A judge faced with a defendant unwilling to reveal the combination to a safe would figure he was just making things difficult, order a locksmith and find him in contempt. Requiring people to reveal safe combinations doesn't change their legal rights, it just saves time and mess. A properly encrypted disk is undecryptable by anyone, and owners have a genuine expectation of privacy for things on it. So revealing the key materially affects the evidence. It is clearly something the 5th amendment was meant to protect against. Startups often seem like clones (of Groupon or whatever) when you only get the one-sentence explanation of what they do. But there's always a much deeper difference in goals, strategy and tactics when you get to know them. I don't know any Groupon clones. Groupon's operation is complex and subtle, and there are lots of related things that are also promising. Maybe, in the same sense that Volkswagen is a clone of Ford. Adapting a successful idea to a new market is interesting and hard, and often results in new ideas. Most likely the servers crashed for whatever reason, and they looked at the logs and saw lots of recent accesses from a particular computer, and post hoc ergo propter hoc. Sysadmins often blame outlier users for crashes. Norwegian oil companies are drilling in Islamic countries: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statoil_operations_by_country Oslo is known for the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oslo_Accords , an attempt at peace between Palestine and Israel. I think "cultural imperialism" is the term you want. Is there any evidence that having a strong online presence under your real name increases danger to your children? So is there evidence that children are at a higher risk of being kidnapped (or some other bad thing) if their info is public? There was some tabloid scaremongering to this effect in the early days of the Internet, but there are now enough kids online that there should be enough data to confirm or refute this myth. The UDP checksum is fairly weak, so a packet with two bit errors can pass the checksum. Still, I would attribute hits on mic2soft.com to human error with higher likelihood than transmission errors. Human error is around 10^-2 [ http://panko.shidler.hawaii.edu/HumanErr/Basic.htm ] compared to transmission errors below 10^-9 for non-broken networks. Widespread default was a scenario built into their models. In that scenario they predicted a generous federal bailout because some "too big to fail" banks would be at risk. They were free to pursue strategies that would otherwise be too risky. Because it's hard to explain the real causes: social inequality and racial segregation in the UK. The article takes a surprisingly pro-police view, that it's good of RIM to cooperate with the police to help arrest its customers. Wired had a more pro-privacy view on electronic communication in the Cairo riots. It's an interesting experiment in re-inventing currency trading. The lesson I'm taking away: if a currency can be stolen, it will. This is in contrast to the ACH transfer system, where fraud or theft can be reversed with some effort. Perhaps there is no way to build a sufficiently secure untraceable, non-undoable cash system. It is not OK for the government to cut off citizen communications in times of civil unrest or any other time. BART, which has its own police force, must be held to constitutional standards. While they can prohibit assembly within their stations, disabling communications infrastructure violates people's basic rights. Surprisingly swift justice. The average wait time for the crown court is 13-15 weeks [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crown_Court ]. TL;DR: wireless communications can be attacked by injecting partial packets into the wireless stream. An attacker just needs a higher-power transmitter. They propose adding a second signature using on-off keying because an attacker can't simulate an "off". First of all, it's not true that a jammer can't simulate silence. It's tricky and requires phase locking with accurate propagation delay estimates to the receiver, but possible. It also does nothing against a relay attack where the client can't hear the server directly. For example, I could relay the wireless AP from two rooms over so you'd connect to that one entirely through my relay. But if you poll the database every day to see when age increases, you can get DOB. It solves the chilling effect of patents on startups. Many startups have avoided entire domains because of patents. Large enough companies can negotiate reasonable license terms or fight patents in court, but small startups cannot afford the risk of a dispute. Yelp's main defense is "It's done by an algorithm". That's not a valid defense for a bad business practice. They are accused of hiding positive reviews for businesses that don't pay them. You can perfectly well write this logic in Python for an filtering algorithm: def filter(review): ... if review.business.contacted_by_sales_count >= 3 and not review.business.paying_yelp and review.stars >= 4 and random() > 0.8: # 80% chance return true # yes, filter it ... Even if it's not written so explicitly they have to take responsibility for their algorithms. The directors are being sued personally, not Google Inc. Being a director of a public company is a pain in the ass because millions of shareholders all have reasons to sue you. Ordering drugs from Canada is not unsafe. Canada is a first-world country. Compared to the US, life expectancy is 2.4 years longer and government regulators are less corrupt. Not as safe as from a company that claims to be in the US? It's not clear that one is easier to spoof than the other. No, not for most drugs with a valid prescription. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Online_pharmacy From the PNAS article (costs $10): "the ordinal position of cases is, with rare exception, determined by the arrival time of the prisoner’s attorney." Although the researchers claim otherwise, I'm sure that eager and optimistic attorneys arrive for early slots. Prisoners expecting a favorable hearing probably demand that their attorneys be there early. This needs a properly randomized controlled experiment. Many people learn with no teacher at all. From books, for example. Teachers are helpful, but certainly not necessary for learning. Location seems like a great input for a security policy if it's reliable enough. Companies might want to wipe data if a cellphone enters Gawker Media's or TechCrunch's office. A useful policy would be to wipe data if it enters a law enforcement agency. It would help protect one's Fourth Amendment rights in states that allow all data on a smartphone (including email, text, photos, call history and contacts) to be searched without probable cause. Exactly. The claim is that implicit local variables are less dangerous than implicit global variables. I've been bitten badly by both. Perl was the worst, where implicit variables were scoped differently according to Larry's philosophy when he implemented it. All for the sake of brevity. Can someone please implement strict mode for Node? What is the probability, over the next 10 years. It might be worth it for server farms, even if the probability of a nuclear EMP is only 1%. We were down on music startups the first time after seeing so many get hosed by record labels. But you guys proved there's a great business model there. I predict the coffee-themed frameworks will outperform the cocktail-themed frameworks, if only because of the developers who choose them. Nice! It's great that it has detailed version support info, like: *Support for multiple, comma-separated, background images was added in Gecko 1.9.2.* but I wish it showed what fraction of web users that represents. Maybe with a little green/red fuel gauge icon. Because it's there. "hourly rate of not less than $27.63". Why hasn't the gov't figured out inflation adjustment yet? Laws are supposed to make sense indefinitely. In 30 years, that may be less than the minimum wage. No, you are in good standing. If you can point to a specific comment that's not showing up, I can look into it. Karma scoring is more complex than just counting upvotes, so don't expect predictable results. It's bad when a monopoly editorializes. Wikileaks clearly doesn't have the editorial neutrality and respectability of Wikipedia. So you can hope that Wikileaks changes, or hope that other organizations start liberating secret documents. Wikileaks' execution is less than awesome. You, humble reader, might be able to do better. He says it "underscores the need for congress to act." No, this incident underscores the need for independent security professionals to keep an eye on what our devices are really doing so we can make informed choices. Yes, daily TV news is crap and it's awful that it influences so many people. But take comfort in the fact that tomorrow, TV news will have new happenings to blabber about, and yesterday's crap will be forgotten. People who care will read the full story weeks later and get something resembling truth. Perhaps "spiraling" in the sense of a football. If the cannon was rifled. Less than "most" good founders were employees at hot startups. I base this on a good deal of data. Interesting. Atlanta security startups have significant pedigrees. It's the same in chip companies, where founders are older and many trace their roots back to Fairchild. Among consumer internet companies, most good founders have not been part of a successful company before. Not on my servers. This regexp is time-honored and catches more silly mistakes than it rejects valid ones. function isValidEmail(email) { return (/^[-a-z0-9\~\!\$\%\^\&\*_\=\+\}\{\'\?]+(\.[-a-z0-9\~\!\$\%\^\&\*_\=\+\}\{\'\?]+)*@([a-z0-9_][-a-z0-9_]*(\.[-a-z0-9_]+)*\.(aero|arpa|biz|com|coop|edu|gov|info|int|mil|museum|name|net|org|pro|travel|mobi|xxx|[a-z][a-z])|([0-9]{1,3}\.[0-9]{1,3}\.[0-9]{1,3}\.[0-9]{1,3}))$/i.test(email)); } The point of validation is to help users signing up for web sites. A fair percentage enter their email wrong, like bill.smith@gmail dave@aol bob You can only help them if you give them feedback immediately. If you let them register with a broken email address, they're hosed. That is the better question. Unfortunately the revenues of startups are usually trade secrets. Funding events are based on investors looking at revenues, so they're the best indication available. Less than 1% of people are suited to founding a startup. I think they're showing less than 1 trillion fps. Light travels 0.3 mm in a trillionth of a second, so when they play it at 30 fps it should be 9 mm / second. But it passes an apple in about 2 seconds, suggesting more like 30 mm / second. I suspect the problem is not rejections, but that people don't bother submitting them because it's not exciting. Has anyone here tried hard to publish a negative result and had it consistently rejected? From a sufficiently conservative point of view, SOPA outlaws piracy. Of course they're not interested in the pirates explaining technical details of pirating. They know it when they see it. There is a clear hypothesis: that a sufficiently advanced AI will manipulate most humans toward its own goals, and even its creators won't be able to stop it once it gets going. So the stakes really are "saving the world". This hypothesis isn't easy to test. That doesn't make it unscientific -- cosmology and evolutionary theories are also hard to test. A sufficiently powerful EMP could destroy all electronic circuits, even ones that aren't powered on. It might take a long time to recover. Central heating, too. 100 years ago, most people got cold at night. The graph is drawn or labeled incorrectly. For example, compare the 5 rightmost numbers in orange to the width of the line. A magnetic reversal is very unlikely to happen in the next few millennia, anyway. Not well supported. Magnetic reversals happen every few hundred thousand years, so by that measure there's a 1% chance it will happen in the next few thousand years. The mechanism is not well understood, it has been unusually long since the last flip, and the poles have shown significant activity in the last hundred years. It's hard to assign a probability less than 1%, and there are plausible arguments for higher. Critics have strange biases. See Scoble's review of the Palm Pre for an amusing historical example. http://scobleizer.com/2009/01/08/palm-did-what-nokia-rim-and... I wonder how you differentiate that from old-fashioned high-seas piracy, where it's an unavoidable side effect of cargo ships going slower than pirate ships. Hollywood invests as much as $100M in a single movie, probably no hair style has involved such effort. Perhaps if someone did invest $100M developing one hairstyle, they would try hard to protect it. There's also the opposite theory: that in a democracy politicians should just listen to the people rather than forming their own opinions. Fair enough: the managers did all the work and had all the brains. Investors in hedge funds were just hoping to get something for nothing. There are better ways of working remotely than email and chat. Always-on video screens and telepresence robots allow a good deal of spontaneity and bumping into people. Pragmas suck. What I want is to explicitly assert the condition: assert(a+n (saying that a[0..n] and b[0..m] don't alias) and have the compiler generate code that first tests the condition and generates optimized code given the assumption. It was very popular. Fully automated. We needed a bank of 6 fax modems to keep up. Most of the merchants had existing paper catalog businesses and most of those orders arrived by fax, so it was easiest for them to handle it the same way. They needed a paper copy anyway to walk around the warehouse with. Gosh, filling out a YC application takes a few hours at most. If that seems like a big hurdle, definitely don't start a payments company. No business starts with all the money it will ever need. Some YC companies are profitable in the first year and never need more. Some raise hundreds of millions for capital intensive businesses like Dropbox. The size of seed funding is not a limit on the size of problems companies can tackle. I don't think there's any problem that doesn't benefit from being worked on by a small, focused, core team (what seed funding can cover) before scaling up. Step 1 in building an innovative business is never "hire 100 people". You don't need a separate magnet, the earth's field would be adequate. It costs about $1M / yr to maintain a US soldier overseas, so those costs aren't a huge deal. If the boot partition has to be some other non-resilient FS, the whole system isn't very resilient. Even when you reparent a directory? Reparenting a directory to a longer prefix would have to sometimes fail. Yahoo is much more popular among seniors, a valuable advertising demographic. Apple makes some of that money from works more than 25 years old, so it's not necessarily in their interest. For every comment that takes you a minute to write, thousands of people take seconds to read it. In total they spend far more time reading than you spend writing. I don't know what your comments were like, but evidently users didn't want to read them. So although hours of your time were wasted, tens of hours of other people's time was saved. The good of the many outweigh the good of the few. You should seek out an online community where your contribution is appreciated. It is discouraging to see them make the same mistake that early Lisps did, the solution to which was well understood in the Scheme community since 1975. A computer that boots code that loads un-signed modules isn't secure at all. I suspect that will be the outcome of UEFI: no effective increase in security, and hassles installing new operating systems. Frankly, I have no interest in my computer being secure in this way (running only code signed by companies). UEFI might have a place in kiosks or shared computers in public libraries, but not for a computer I own and physically control. I voted for the blackout, so I feel obliged to let myself be inconvenienced by it. 3 times already in the first 40 minutes. Paper: http://arxiv.org/pdf/1201.2501v1 It starts by dividing the spectrum into frequency bins, and assumes that there is usually 0 or 1 non-zero coefficients in each bin. It wasn't clear to me what happens when a large number of non-zero coefficients are clustered together in one bin. Can O(k log n) still be achieved when most frequencies are clustered? Adding a key may involve typing in hundreds of hex digits to a BIOS screen, with typical BIOS user interface. That will be a barrier to switching to Linux. MMORPGS, or any game where the community counts, don't need copyright to be profitable. And some work in no field, having inherited money. The interesting statistics would be, what skill sets did people apply to make large amounts of money? You don't actually need a Turing-complete language to implement games. You can use finite state machines driven by keyboard/joystick input with images for each state. There's certainly more to the story. He lived there as a citizen for many years and probably had enemies. Iran doesn't seem to be working their way through github. Remember, prosecutions start with who they want to get, and then try to find some laws they broke. So often the stated charge is something incidental like tax evasion. It's hard to design systems that don't keep sensitive data in readable formats. Protecting filenames could be done by encrypting with a salted hash of the user password. Doing this correctly while allowing password changes is really tricky. Can you recommend a good set of guidelines for getting it right? The problem isn't the cycles of encryption, it's that the data architecture has to be designed differently, and optimizations like caching can't be used as much. Document search is especially difficult on encrypted documents. Maybe we're just not gerrymandering finely enough. If you got down to single-house precision, you could have congressional districts that are just free culture people, or pro-family, or whatever. You couldn't do this in the old days with paper ballots and door-door canvassing, but you could make it work now. Some of Anonymous's early protests were impressive. But this is just cowardly vandalism. The DoJ is not thinking, "Whoa, we better not arrest any more copyright infringers so our web site is safe." So, find a way to make video games more passive. People like to watch other people play video games. Maybe live streaming of hardcore gamers playing. It was supposed to be just price discrimination in favor of the third world. Regions allowed Hollywood to sell the same movie for less in Africa or China than in the US. But because of weird business arrangements in international distribution, it sometimes meant they got movies late or never. Entertainment often involves art made by artists, but things can be entertaining with no art or artists involved. Nascar races, reality shows, youtube videos of people using chainsaws, reddit threads. Perhaps the stumbling block is the personalities of the kind of people who want to work on it. They tend to be open, generous, liberal, accepting. Perhaps journals become prestigious only when run by high-handed, arrogant, rejecting editors. You have 7 ideas here, all plausible but untested. If you want to make progress you should write down why you think each idea is essential. Or what would go wrong if you didn't do each idea. What would go wrong if you charged iTunes prices instead of 99 cents? I haven't had much difficulty avoiding such cases. It can come up if you have a simple fixed function that returns its value, but later decide to make it customizable through the database. When that happens, it's not very hard to make the callers use a callback. Reducing the volume in the control panel doesn't add security. Microphone input volume is settable from user level without special permissions, so any software that was going to listen can control the volume. Dedicating all this land to car storage basically reduces the density by about half, doubles the average distance between locations ... Halving density increases average distance by sqrt(2), not double. The size of that guide illustrates why I switched to google apps + gmail. I was using a different stack based on FreeBSD, qmail, spamassassin, imapd and tcpserver, but about equally complex. It required regular maintenance and took up too much mental space. The real crime is creating a library function like printf without also creating a library function to escape format strings. Leaving safe escaping as an exercise for the application programmer clearly doesn't work. Don't forget the 6000+ lithium cells, each with charge leveling circuitry. The optimal number of options depends on how long consumers spend making a buying decision. A $50,000 car should have more options than a $2000 laptop or a $500 tablet. Yes, client libraries for SQL databases should absolutely have an escaping function. The fact that some don't is responsible for a significant fraction of all security failures. I don't see how it makes much difference. Removing the link from the site means that nobody will discover the photo. People who discovered the photo and saved the link could equally well have saved the file, and in fact I think saving the file is more common. The no-criticism rule is probably more important in a hierarchical organization. At BBDO in the 1940s, I imagine junior creatives were intimidated by senior partners and the challenge was to get them to speak freely. The experiments that show no benefit were done on groups of students, all roughly peers who weren't afraid to utter a silly idea. The article suggests that brainstorming was invalid all along, but it's more fair to say that it had a time and place. Society and business have evolved towards equality and inclusiveness, so the no-criticism rule is less important. Should certificate authorities be checking that any new key they sign doesn't have a common factor in common with any other key they've signed? It would have discovered a few problems much earlier, but it conceivably leaks information when your CSR gets rejected. The vast majority of apps people download will not damage their computer . That's irrelevant. Downloading 100 good apps and one malware app still means I have malware. It's reasonable to warn people when they are doing something risky. We have 2 millions user generated forms. It is not possible for us to manually review all forms It's certainly possible. You could get reliable Mechanical Turk reviews of forms for $0.03 each, so $60k total. Or you could hire people to look at 500 forms / hour (phishing forms are instantly obvious) at $15 /hr, also $60k total. Compared to the cost of a site seizure, it might be a good investment. When a node dies, the master reconfigures all the servers and clients with a new topology excluding the failed node. "Operations which are interrupted by reconfiguration exhibit at-most-once semantics." So while the system is reconfiguring after a node failure, updates can be lost. Time windows of "at most once semantics" mean the system has none of C, A, or P. Which doesn't mean it's not a good database for many purposes. That can work if the server process is killed so that the master is immediately notified. But what about other failure modes? For example, if the disk has soft errors and writes start taking several seconds to complete, the system can't decide in a small amount of time that the node is dead. The charge circuitry probably turns on at a high charge rate, senses the line voltage drop below 100v, and shuts down for a few seconds. Stuck in this loop, it might never deliver much charge. The only scenario . In essentially every case of a node failing in an active database, clients will be communicating with it. When talking about durability, you have to assume things are failing in operation. Damn Linux stack randomization. Some amount of brute force seems to be required. Spoke too soon, there's a non-brute-force solution. 1.7 billion per day is a fraction of US texts and phone calls. Rough numbers I can find are: * 5B texts / day * 3B phone calls / day (better numbers appreciated) I would have expected the fraction to be either less than 1% (because they're targeting intelligently) or more than 95% (because they store almost everything). It's a little different. Replacing the fuel pump and injectors cost maybe 5% of the cost of the vehicle. Replacing roadster batteries costs 40%. Indeed. Well-designed money storage systems aren't vulnerable no matter who has console access. It's hard to change the behavior of the CPU because it's in the middle of the chip and highly speed-optimized. It's much easier to add an extra chunk of silicon that affects one of the peripherals. I'd probably add something in the southbridge to spoof the BIOS flash. I was curious how publishing articles naming companies and user agents was allowed within their privacy policy. Relevant section: We reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer, mobile or other device (including its geographic location), which may at times be able to identify you, for any lawful business purpose The point is that the public wouldn't support unnecessary wars if they or their children would be drafted to fight. It may include damage to reputation -- Sony could easily claim hundreds of millions there. It's easy to cook up a syntax for selecting parents. The hard part is implementing it efficiently. It requires browsers to scan more of the DOM tree when elements are changed. I expect it to be one of the (many) parts of CSS that are avoided by websites that want to render quickly. Resolutionary . What a godawful marketing department word. The first thing you see. I miss Steve. When the military tested cannabis and LSD on soldiers, it made them lose discipline indefinitely. They probably thought of it more as "turning them into hippies" than "waking them up to the bullshit", but either way they didn't like it. Prohibition makes a lot of sense from the point of view of an army that might need to draft a lot of men and make good soldiers out of them quickly. Pixar did it for 16 years (1979-1995) before they released a movie. Linux runs great on an Apple MacBook. That's not the reason I stopped using Suns. They annoyed me by switching to an aesthetically ugly unix. They priced their machines for their finance industry customers, then Intel + open source unix boxes caught up in performance for 1/4 the price. Otellini has done a fine job of selling Intel's existing products, but they haven't won in any new categories in his tenure. Intel may have missed the boat on tablets and phones by not developing anything competitive with ARM-based SoCs, which may replace 90% of desktops in the next 10 years. It's too early to say, and there may be something big around the corner. But if Intel stays the course and doesn't expand beyond the shrinking desktop market, Otellini will exemplify the problem the article cites with salesguy CEOs : failure to chart a winning course through the next technological disruption. The semantics of floating point arithmetic in C do not allow the first line to be eliminated. It has non-trivial behavior in the case of signaling NaNs or denormals or -0.0. It can if you set the DAZ (denormals are zero) flag on the Pentium. I don't know if the C & IEEE-754 standards require the optimizer to preserve semantics in that case, but I can see why compiler writers would stay clear of such an optimization. You can measure the angle of the sun to sync with UTC. I believe you can get within seconds using commodity equipment. Neat. I'd sometimes wondered if munging the AST in a decorator to add some new control flow was practical. The code looks a bit fragile but not excessively painful. NYC is not insulated from the rest of the country, which did lock up dramatically more people. As neighboring cities and states imprisoned large numbers of people, it would have an effect on NYC street crime. Indeed, many policies work locally but not globally. Harassing criminals and putting them on busses leaving town appears to work, but only locally. Anyway, the story seems to say that since there was a period of time in which NYC crime decreased while NYC incarcerations also decreased, the theory that incarceration reduces crime is refuted. Hardly. That includes me. Making a pixel not be a pixel is surely one of the great pooch-screws of modern standards. 'pt' existed to be resolution-independent. Images and and use actual pixels. It's hard to make things look right when you don't have the same unit in CSS. Any claim of something being cheaper, with a picture of some shiny stainless-steel small-scale lab equipment, is suspect. It's not demonstrated to be cheaper until you're producing at scale. As well as getting more money, they can get advance money. This is important for movies. They can raise a chunk of the production budget by pre-selling distribution rights to Europe and Asia &c. In order to have something concrete to sell, they need strict DVD region coding and country restrictions on the internet. Distribution rights for your country are worth investing in because you know you can make money if the movie is popular. A percentage of net profits is not worth investing in, because you have no control over what they are netted of. Global distributors alone won't solve this -- the funding mechanisms need to change too. I never saw the advantage over parsing a string, like toXML(' '). Am I missing the part where the registers and memory are 16 bits? this.data = new Array(size); ... a = d.data[pa]; b = d.data[pb]; ... case 0x2: // ADD a, b res = a + b; ... d.data[pa] = res; Having gone through the painful exercise of building robots in the US, I appreciate the problem. Our end-end supply chain latency was 16 weeks, far too long to scale effectively to match demand. Many component changes we wanted to make would have created a 6-week delay, so we had to compromise. A place with a factory across the street that could make screws in 3 hours sounds like heaven. Both: it's a self-reinforcing downward spiral. Everything you mention has long design cycle times. Airplane engines and medical devices need certification, which means you can't iterate fast anyway. Chips take 8+ weeks to iterate on the lithography. An efficient consumer electronics operation in China can iterate every day. For things like Retina LCDs they make strategic long-term arrangements. For screws and resistors &c, anyone can just buy them. Even Apple's demand for screws is not a significant fraction of China's output. That only avoids some problems. For example, this is vulnerable to s = MAX_SIZE_T/4 + 1 size_t s = get_size(); int *a = (int *)malloc(s * sizeof(int)); for (size_t i=0; i I've gotten in the habit of, when reading array sizes over the wire, explicitly limiting to a reasonable value like 1 million. Occasionally things should be allowed to use all available memory, but it's rare. Personal photos take up a large fraction of people's cloud storage, and they are completely non-de-dupable. I doubt it's possible to get more than 3x on average. Can you point me to a de-duping algorithm that works well for personal photos? It's good to spread risk enough that nobody would be badly hurt by a loss, but not more than that. No, yes, no. strlcpy The world needs both kinds of companies: ones that express an original idea of the founders, and ones that respond to a discovered customer need. This misleading idea is perpetuated by PR departments, who like to make up bogus creation myths. Example: *A former bakery owner and professional bicyclist, he was choking down PowerBars for energy in the middle of a daylong 175-mile ride. "I couldn't make the last one go down, and that's when I had an epiphany -- make a product that actually tasted good."* -- Gary Erickson, founder and CEO of Clif Bar. Quoted in Fortune Small Business, October 2003. The article misses the biggest advantage: writing browser & server code in the same language is a huge win. Libraries can be shared. It is easy to move functionality back and forth. You can have one implementation of input validation logic instead of two. The device software reads data from flash and renders it in pixels on the screen. It is absolutely possible for it to modify the text as it does so. The upgrade path from a Mac Pro is to a MacBook Pro with external monitor, and external Thunderbolt disk array if you need it. The pricing scheme may explain why so many Kindle books have crappy lo-res images. Text is small (the whole bible is 5 MB == $0.75 delivery charge) but quality images, like in the travel book in the article, bulk it up. The material recycling value is very, very small in any case. A beer can as 15g of aluminum, and the MBP has maybe 300g. So the same aluminum as 20 cans of beer. The respective economic value is orders of magnitude different. Two other hypotheses they don't seem to have ruled out: - Their site is so awful that 80% of people click back before the page finishes loading, thus appearing to not have javascript - Their ad is so awful that almost no people click it and a few bots make up 80% because the total is so low. G2 is hardly "Pascal with graphics". It's Gensym's expert system for real-time process controls: http://www.gensym.com/product/G2 It's common practice to make tickets hard to buy. You might think they would set the price high enough that the tickets barely sell out, but there are good reasons to allocate some tickets to enthusiastic non-wealthy people. They make better live audiences. This is why people stand in line overnight to get those Pink Floyd tickets. Ticketmaster seems to have built the digital equivalent. It won't succeed. The closest parallel is the Accept-Language feature in the HTTP headers, which never took off. By the time this could be implemented in many browsers and servers, everyone will have already solved the problem with javascript. I'm no longer running Anybots, which has moved to new premises. I like both products for different applications. He elided some lines, there is a break. You can buy BPA-free thermal paper. Probably a good idea if you're going to interact with it a lot. https://duckduckgo.com/?q=BPA-free+thermal+paper 26 million squared is 676 trillion , which would take about a day at 8 billion / sec. There are legitimate reasons to tout it. As a startup, it's a constant battle to convince partners, vendors, big customers and potential employees that you're growing and not going away. Announcing a funding round is very convincing in that respect. It's social proof from respected people that have done their research. Canada isn't a strategically important market for web services. A strategically important market is one where if global companies ignore it and a local competitor gets traction, it will be hard to unseat them. There are lots of examples: Mail.ru dominates in Russia, Seznam.cz dominates search in Czech despite Google's efforts. Global companies missed the boat by ignoring those markets until it was too late. However, I can't think of examples where a Canadian web service dominates the market in the face of global competition. I suspect most of the services listed here figure they can wait until the market develops, then swoop in and own it.