I remember realizing that I could use JavaScript to fake include()s so I wouldn't have to update every page on my crappy middle school website. Don't use your gmail (ebay, paypal, ...) password for ANYTHING else. For some reason, it thinks I'm not in America. I'm a guy, and I couldn't care less about the NBA, Howard Stern, or James Bond trivia without spraining something. What exactly IS "girl stuff"? The article didn't mention a single example of what a "girl link" is, except jokingly mentioning a few sexist ideas. No more hurtful than seeing current species stuck in a zoo. Clutching a clump of mammoth hair and watching a count-down from inside a teleporter booth. It would make sense to me that every cell in your body is in a polygamist marriage, which is you, which can in turn marry other things. But does that mean that your liver cell is married to your partner's brain cell? Not at all. What this means is that marriages are potential partners as well! Model that. I strongly disagree with his opinions, too; I went to see him speak, and it was a great presentation until the end where he somehow spiralled off into a tirade about gay marriage killing society. But I don't care. He writes (mostly) great books and he'll keep getting my money so long as he keeps it up. A customer decided they wanted each order placed on their site to have an 4-character alphanumeric designation. It took surprisingly little time to encounter "SH1T" during testing. You're besieged by idiots on all side. What else is there to do but drink? It's still pretty impressive, and puts us one step closer to my dream of having a camera with me wherever I go, ready at a moment's notice. I think that largely depends on what type of website they are working on. I think the majority of our clients' users are still on IE. 6. :( Ever since a high school teacher busted me for starting an end-of-term paper only three days prior, I've always copied the final copies of any documents I've had to submit anywhere into a clean document created the morning the submission was due. I'm glad that the habit I learned still has value past high school & college. You noticed someone's shoes? You're not one of us... We've all seen Speed! You could just put that on a loop. The rolling TV screen is less important than the rolling camera. Or perhaps just 45 seconds of a baby crying or nails on a chalk board? I'm 100% certain that I'd find a way to make one of these explode when I sat down, covering my wallet, money and ID in a sticky mess. Which would make it pretty tough to get into bars. Methamphetamines, man. Wouldn't it be easier to use a different browser instead of creating multiple accounts? With the limit of one burger per customer, the maximum value is (users * whopper_cost), bringing the ceiling to 360 million dollars. It should actually be a little less, since at some point there will only be 9 users who will have missed out on the flurry of unfriending, like victims of a fattening ponzi scheme. Except the assembly-line environment worked great in its context. 5540905. Can't believe I remembered that. It sort of rhymes in my head. I remember my number, but not any of my old phone numbers or addresses. Sometimes I forget my own birthday. Swamp gas from a weather balloon was trapped in a thermal pocket and reflected the light from Venus. Obviously. Eh, I already saw this in the season finale of Reboot. I'm pretty sure we need to find Hexadecimal. I don't know about e-mail - I've been locked out of several accounts, and have had a few scary false-positives with my spam filter. On the other hand, I doubt any spam is going to come from a .gov domain... Trying to upvote a game didn't do anything - the number didn't change, I didn't see any message telling me something went wrong - just nothing. At that point, I got bored and left. I'm more interested in how to make that damn chime stop chiming whenever I turn on my Macbook. People have suggested that I mute it every time I shut down. This is asinine, and doesn't help me if I have to do a hard-shutdown. Monaco 10 over here. Using 13 makes me feel like grandma. I always loved Flashblock for Firefox not so much to save bandwidth/CPU, but to make sure that wherever I go, jackasses can't spam me with retarded videos and annoying background music. I grew up in Moscow, Russia, and was taking the bus and subway by myself from quite an early age; I left there at 10, so it must have been several years before then. (I know it's not Japan, but wanted to point out that this was done even in what some might consider to be a western-yet-scary part of the world.) I think the sad thing is that there are spoiled teenagers in America who don't truly become independent until well into their twenties. But that's like rumors of America's obesity - yes, there may be a problem there, but we aren't literally drowning in basement-dwelling twenty year olds or other people's flab. Local backups and a few offsite backups, too. Recently paranoia has hit, and I'm planning on storing everything that I hold dear in at least two online locations and two local ones. I wonder how many families in India have a TV. Yes, we are a perennially screwed socio-economic subset in that regard. Why the strong refusal? Does he have a blog? I think as HN gets bigger, it'll become more and more like reddit. You either have to learn to live with idiots (like me, I'll admit) or you gotta keep island-hopping. After reading The Daily WTF (and assuming those stories are at least 80% truth), these sorts of tales don't really surprise me. If the economy collapsed tomorrow, where would you get your food? Would you starve to death first, or attempt to murder your next door neighbor, who lives alone, to feed your family? Would he kill you first? ... and then some conscientious time traveler goes back in time and tightens up the truck's brakes a little ... I'd hate the hassle much more than spending the $300. Suddenly, blackmail is a legitimate business strategy. My only advice is to go for B's. A will be too suspicious. Well, at least it knows where it is. 403 error. Yes, you'd really need siblings who came from the same parents, yet were separated at birth. My stepfather has said a few times that he wishes he had taken the "further" option. I'm not sure if I ever want kids, but something about freezing my sperm and getting a vasectomy worries me. A fire at the sperm bank, and my genetic legacy is lost forever. (Of course I could go in for a reversal, but those don't always take, etc., etc.) Like the pilot said, though, it was only incredible luck that left him alive. I doubt that your odds are significantly improved or decreased by where you're sitting if your supersonic airplane falls apart around you. need tinierurl. Not to mention, what happens when inevitably idiots with delusions of competence catch on and everyone from Granny to Clueless IT Manager start saying it reflexively. Can't wait to come into work to find a disgusting piece of rotting cheese. I will be toothless before I give up bread. "Caffeinated products are not recommended for people who are prone to panic attacks or those who suffer from anxiety." Goddamnit. I love the idea of non-transitive dice. It would also be nice to list the song duration in the search results. And here I thought the story was about some sort of return & refund scam... Are you sure it wouldn't let you continue? That absolutely doesn't sound right. I think one of the arguments raised in one of the Jurassic Park books was that parents are necessary to teach "culture"; in the novel, the raptors were incredibly aggressive, going as far as fighting each other and killing each other over food, instead of just fighting hard enough to show the beta male his place. Stolen cellphones could also be rendered useless by programming them to disable themselves if they detect that the user of the phone is not the legitimate owner. "911? I need help! A man has just collapsed at the bus stop! I'm calling from his ... hello? Hello? Well, shit." I think that an applied philosophy text would be more interesting. You know, something like Cosmo, or Weekly World News. I disagree; it might be self-promotion, but it still raises a good point. We just started using BaseCamp at my company a few months ago - I'm sure glad we just dove in and started using it instead of looking at lists of features and trying to figure out whether it would work for us and then committing to it once and forever and never looking back. Exactly. When I visit my friends, or go to parties or bars, I can be social, but I can't do it seven days in a row. If I don't get a few nights to myself per week, I get crazy and hate my life (and other people's, too.) I'd rephrase "There is no recorded way to solve your problem means that you can solve the problem any way you want." as "There is no recorded way to solve your problem means that you can fuck up the problem any wrong way you want." Actually, once I realized that I'll never remember their name anyway, I stopped fretting so much about trying to memorize their name, or what they look like, or pretty much anything else about them. If I never see them again anyway, who cares; and if I see them again enough times, that information will start to stick naturally. Well, it all depends on what you want them to use it for. I have zero interest in knowing when my friends are eating a sandwich, and sadly, that's the only types of updates 90% of them make. I wish I could convince them to get off Twitter. Other than that, the best way to show them the utility of Twitter, I would think, would be to show them people who use it well. Don't show them a stream of "eating sandwich", "that was a good sandwich", "going to the bathroom brb", "okay poop is coming out now" updates. I had it memorized to 20 digits after buying a book about Pi. After that, I think I got bored with the topic, but I still remember about that many. Lemme tell you how many girls this gets me at parties. Every spam account I've seen has had several hundred followers. Mostly other spambots, I'm sure, or other karma/attention-whores, but the point is that follower ratio isn't a very good metric. I don't really understand why that would carry any stigma. I mean, do we hate doctors who are only in the medical field because it pays well? I've started telling people I'm a database administrator just to pre-emptively ward off "will you check why my computer is so slow?" questions. Go man go! I think one fascinating aspect of this whole thing is that by creating tougher and tougher captchas, Google and the like are actually helping make great strides in the field of image recognition by forcing spammers to adapt. But you could still make it out, right? Are kids nowadays so bored that they would fill up a disk quota with fake accounts just for shits and giggles? I attribute mine to the fact that I haven't gotten laid in awhile. Ain't that the American dream? when you are shy it helps a lot when you think about everything you do in terms of "what would be the worst outcome of this if I screw up?" Sounds like a quick trip to panic attack city. "Alpha Male" would be a better term. It doesn't imply that you should be constantly trailed by a bunch of frat breauxs, but it does mean that you're capable of leadership. You almost certainly provided a guarantee. And global weather patterns are too complex to predict. some embedded controllers in racks in the auxilliary deisel generator control rooms have EPROMs which have been known to be erased by camera flashes in the past Am I the only one terrified of the fact that any part of a nuclear reactor can be tampered with by a flash of light? Anatel and the Navy, according to the article. Short list. I think I'd rather prevent an eight year war that's going nowhere and all the unnecessary death than comes with it, rather than elect an arbitrary minority who may not have been elected if his opponents weren't the worst possible option. Taking on a full-time job is a way to earn "extra" money? When I’m in the office, I sit near the break room, which makes it very easy to corner people I need to speak to about projects — they’re bound to make a coffee or eat lunch in there at some point. Thanks, dude. Because when I'm sitting there with my lunch and a book, that's my secret signal for "COME BOTHER ME ABOUT WORK." Wait, so it would be unethical for a human to bring a Neanderthal child to term, but if we cram it into a monkey, suddenly it's hunky dorey? Hey, metajokes ought to have all the same rights as jokes, even if they were born of a chimp! "Earth-like" is pushing it. It's not ridiculously bigger than the Earth, and it's probably made of rocks. It is an important discovery because it shows that we can discover planets that are approximately Earth sized, but put down your home-made space-suits, people. Seems like it would be more efficient to use a binary search algorithm; first flash the first half of the alphabet, then the second, using their method to detect which half the user is focusing on. In fact, I suppose you wouldn't even need to flash both halves; just flash the first half and see if the user's brain "twitched". Edit: bah, nevermind, I misunderstood how it worked. I guess I should watch the demo videos before mouthing off from now on. Like the ones he linked to? Myspace becomes slightly more usable if you're running Flashblock. So, presence of oxygen and methane aren't necessarily indicators of life because "that makes assumptions about what life is", but stating that life must result in a huge majority of specific-handed molecules doesn't? I'd say that hackers helped win WWII. Jamming radar, breaking codes, etc. What's a book? Yes, I'd much rather adopt a function... although I'd rather not pay more than $5 a month. Perhaps a function could be adopted by more than one person? First two people get to be parents, then after that your title would be grandparent, aunt, uncle, cousin, and what have you. I, for one, have a really bad memory. Photos help remind me of the places I've been, and bring up memories of being there. Plus, that way I can help share a part of my memory with others, at their leisure, instead of telling people about details of my trip a dozen times. One of the best and easiest things you can do to stay healthier is to buy your own ingredients and make your own food. And "potato chips" isn't an ingredient. I used windows for years to do the same thing. Now, when I'm at home, I'll hook up my mac to the monitor and hide half of my windows desktop because I'm much more productive here. We should compare notes. I bet we're both doing something wrong/stupid in our rejected OS's. And yet, it's depressingly relevant. I hate the technique of separating articles into pages on the web. Thank god we've moved past that awful age. The security issues mostly come from the community; PHP is branded as a language that's easy to learn, and in that same spirit, a lot of the examples offered by the manual and by people trying to teach others are horribly insecure. I think nearly every SQL example, for instance, totally ignores the concept of SQL injection. Do you remember what those are called? I don't remember reading either book, and I've read quite a lot of his writings. I, for one, am tremendously excited to see kids laying around on a couch and reading . Have we invented psychohistory yet? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychohistory_(fictional) // express agreement echo "I agree."; Depending on what you use twitter for, yes, it's etiquette, which basically means mutual masturbation. You follow them, they follow you, so both your counts go up and you get more "popular", which may matter if your account is basically just another PR angle, or if you're so self involved you believe the world is interested in you live-tweeting your lunch at McDonald's. I just mount everything via sshfs, and keep trucking with textmate. > 500 years: The outer shell of cellphones made of plastic still look like they were made a couple years ago. Then why does the one I bought four years ago look like crap? Damnit! What other species stores information? I always thought it was amusing that the 3 is right above the 3, and the 0 above the o. I've made a few "leet-speak" errors in the past just due to finger-slips. A bag of cereal costs $40? > If both people are online at the same time, a wave acts just like an instant message -- except that you see each character as it is typed, just like in subethaedit. Ah, back to the good ol' days of You are a fucking asshole^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^Hmistaken I didn't get that far, but I assumed that it surely would. Still, there will be many people who will be unaware of this, at least long enough to make an initial snafu. > Getting your Windows refund may take several hours of work, after which you'll get a small amount of money. I'd rather spend the time working and get a larger amount of money. The ratio is even worse on the internet in general. I'm thinking about canceling that, too. I'm confused about what happened. You accepted an unpaid internship position, provided something of value to the company, and are now upset that they will not pay you for your unpaid position? I can't imagine a meal being better than a weekend in Hawaii. Doesn't Flickr already allow you to limit who can view photos? Come to think of it, Facebook does too. I don't think it's too much to ask people that commit crimes to at least not litter the neighborhood with flyers. I received three of these from one client. I especially loved the warning that "You have to click!" Of course, I knew that I didn't have to do any such damned thing. But I wonder what threat Grandma imagined looming over her if she didn't click either of the options in the e-mail? I think we're allowed to express surprised at the fact that the girlfriend would put up with a relatively unaesthetic solution to this problem. Although I guess in the end they'll probably cover up the bare materials with something nice. Maybe a rug. There's a difference between the bare necessities we need and space we need to be happy and satisfied. Sure, I could live in a closet, but I'd be pretty damn miserable most of the time. (This is, of course, considering bachelor hackers. If you're living in a car, your priorities have to be rearranged and your happiness might have to be deferred for awhile.) Yeah, I thought the same thing. If you're living in a car, you probably can't afford to drop the British equivalent of $50k on a house - especially one that doesn't come with land. Yeah, I thought the same thing. If you're living in a car, you probably can't afford to drop the British equivalent of $50k on a house - especially one that doesn't come with land. Well, so long as you clearly mark something as being a store of data, a sufficiently advanced civilization would be able to figure things out. You could even place some dummy data before the main store, with redundant storage in another format - if you read ("decode") the data and it matches (like you suggest) something carved in a block of stone surrounding it, you know you have the process down, and you can go on and decode the main store. I also recommend studying hard and going on to high school, and then after that, college. It will, however, convince each and every student to buy their own printers. Now the IT support line will have to handle more calls, and more hunks of plastic will end up in the landfills in a few years. Right, but none of those things really affect the college's bottom line in any way. Students buying their own printers doesn't cost Unknown U any money, and the landfill issue is also not something that they're fiscally responsible for. As far as IT support lines, I don't remember my university's IT department supporting private purchases, with the exception of problems relating to connecting to the school-provided wireless connection. The problems you raise are real, but not relevant to the subject. I work for a web dev firm, and one of the features a client wants is a facebook-style "invite your friends by giving us your e-mail and password" feature. I'm trying to think of a nice way of convincing the client that the feature they want is really a psychological bug that's going to cause long-term problems for, well, everyone on the internet. I would be alright with that as well, if every piece of software I'd ever written was 100% bug free. I envy your perfect track record. I'm confused; so instead of using a cellphone he used an application that let him make and receive phone calls, but also allowed him to not pick up the phone and instead make the decision to call someone back based on the content of voicemail? Gee, I wish my cellphone could do that. I liked Merlin Mann's suggestion of "toot". Furthermore, my friends and I have started referring to direct messages as "queefs". I know it's unlikely that anyone here will miss this, but note http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=682896 - the website Twitter was concerned about was TweetKnot, which looks pretty much exactly like a Twitter knock-off, down to the graphics. That seems like an unwarranted assumption, but I'm going to be an optimist and agree with you. Correct. Well, you'll still need a Delorean. (Or a train, but I'm betting the Delorean would be cheaper.) > The database does not need round-the-clock availability (middle-of-the-night maintenance windows are no problem). Yeah, this is idiotic. This kind of thinking is why it sometimes took three days to register for classes in college, and why I couldn't check my account balance in the evening after I got home from work/class, why I sometimes couldn't search the library catalog... etc., etc. I can think of perhaps one of our clients who would be fine with their database being down for hours at a time at night. Maybe. That button isn't tiny, and is in fact very obtrusive. It makes creating designs and layouts hard enough as it is, and the file dialog isn't even used very often. I'm pretty sure you can implement something like this on the web with some simple javascript, dynamically changing the input type from "text" to "password" and vice versa. I think it's much harder to memorize a 16 digit number rather than a (usually) mnemonic password. And thus begins the network of the Qeng Ho. I'd be interested in getting more biometric feedback, including my food consumption - but it's a pain in the ass when you make something from whole ingredients, and then on top of that have to find out what fraction of the prepared meal you actually ate. If I make a stir fry, it would take me 20 minutes just to figure out how many calories I ate, much less other stats. Sell me a widget that'll somehow track if for me, and I;ll just give you my wallet. If the headlines is accurate, at least people are learning an important lesson - if you don't want anyone to read something, don't put it online. It wasn't open in the same sense as Twitter is - you could make your profile private, and only allow people who are your "friends" to view anything besides the very basic information. Of course, this lulled people into a false sense of security; Anna made her profile private to make sure that Bobby wouldn't read her diary, but her friend Cindy would just login and let Bobby read everything from her account. It does seem like something that only works once. As soon as a warrant is served and they stop updating the file, when can they start updating it again? When the warrant is made public? There were fades? I gave up when I realized I'd have to click "Next" 8 times. Hopefully at some point multiple people will be able to film clips, so you can kind of put together your own film with whichever amateur scenes you like best. > BMW and Lexus are also ripoffs by any objective standard. Very well said. I bought a mac laptop because I enjoy working on it much more than I do a windows PC; I didn't make the choice by comparing the prices of the components, or the relative value of the chemicals involved in assembling the thing. I didn't mind the user experience of XP; in fact, there are a lot of things I still prefer in Windows over OS X. However, the BSD back-end of OS X has completely sold me on mac laptops as a work machine forever. (I know I can install Cygwin, or switch to an actual linux desktop, but those are the things that feel clunky and glued together to me.) It would probably be easier and cheaper to make hardware for any given person to wear. It's not like they'd have a shortage of volunteers. There's hobo dumpster diving, and then there's grabbing a loaf of bread that was on a store shelf 5 minutes ago. I worked for a place where our boss quit with less than two weeks notice. At least he was still quite friendly to us, and would answer any questions we had over AIM. I know this is just me picking nits, but > Mark Montgomery, 53, was let go from an Owens Corning insulation factory in April and can't afford his $575 monthly mortgage payment. What, local WalMarts aren't hiring? Yeah, but your solution doesn't make money, and doesn't appeal to the average fat guy watching American Idol. "Percentage of chart which resembles Pac-man." Probably because the article was specifically about salting passwords, not alternative login solutions. If I wrote a blog entry about how to perform proper car maintenance to increase your gas mileage, I wouldn't put in a plug for selling your car and buying a motorcycle/bicycle. A dumb programmer is born every second; it never hurts to post a public reminder on how to do something. One paragraph break does not a reformatting make. Feels pretty good over here. I've read them all before, way back in high school. Then the site went down, and I've literally been waiting five years for it to come back up. Subjectively, I'd wager. I moved to America and went to elementary school. Total immersion is the fastest and best way to learn a language. Arguably, it's the only way you will ever be fluent. If you want to learn Spanish but can't move to a Spanish speaking country, see if you can find a local Spanish-speaking family to "foster" you - offer to pay them rent to live with them for awhile, on the condition that they only speak Spanish to/around you. Or imagine the FBI freezing your bank accounts. If there's a 10 day blackout, odds are you're not going to able to buy much, anyway; ditto for natural disasters - and you can usually drive far enough away to get money from a place with power. If your assets are locked, you're screwed no matter where you go. It would be even more effective if you rigged a dangerous current to the latch. Do muggers generally search their victims? I would imagine that they'd want to avoid getting too close, to avoid getting into an actual physical confrontation. I wonder if any families have joined forces and got houses together, instead of moving across the country to some dingy hell-hole, to live in their parents' basements. Considering that the guy eats donuts and drinks jugs of Pepsi, I think that spending $40/week wouldn't kill them. I always preferred "Erotically yours," in a business setting. Do you actually know Latin, or are you using a translation service? One of my signatures for the longest time was "Eta erat cuando hic adveni", which I believe means "It was like that when I got here", but I'd really like to get someone to verify that. (Someone who aced some difficult exam - GRE? GMAT? - proudly said they knew Latin, and were pretty stumped.) Sometimes the question isn't even "do we spend time and money to update our applications", because sometimes the code for the applications is long gone, along with the company that wrote it, and all they have left is the compiled code running on some server in a back closet. "What this effort will do, if it is successful, is defang ... all populations, overthrowing the protective effect individual firearms ownership, destroying the intent and effectiveness of the Second Amendment, and unbalancing the Constitution permanently through evolving technology which end-runs around the original intent of the Framers." Hasn't this already happened? Iraq very clearly demonstrates that a massive force will overrun you no matter how many arms your citizens possess. Citizens usually don't possess missiles, anti-tank weaponry, large-caliber arms, etc. You don't need significantly advanced technology; you just need slightly better weapons, and slightly more of them. The flipside, though, is that we could reinterpret software and hardware as arms; if robots are standing on the street corners, the ability to fight back electronically becomes the only option. The article didn't say there aren't any women. It just said they're not interested in us. I really wish there were. I paid $5 for Tetris, and I dislike it immensely, and wish I could get a refund. Oh, well. At least it's only $5. :P There is an upside to scumbags like this. The publicity will, hopefully, teach people to NEVER give their existing account information to another site. News like this spreads the lesson that you should never tell anyone your password, so I'm all for this being on top of every news aggregator out there. The whole online stuff? I actually make it a point to not hang out with people if they don't record my drunken shenanigans for posterity. Isn't the point of a self-reinforcing transaction that it doesn't need a third-party mediator? And Stephenson then went on to mention, through Randy and his uncle (or was it his father?) that the problem itself was incredibly difficult, and they were going to borrow some time on a huge machine to solve it. And then Randy cheated, anyway. Wouldn't the two people not cutting wait 'til the knife was in the middle, and then try to yell 'cut!' as fast as they could? First person to yell "cut" would get half of the cake, and the other two would get a quarter apiece... Cool, another thing I can ignore. It's the convenience fee! Isn't that convenient. Wow, incredibly unrealistic. I mean, where's the hundred "WHAT KIND OF DINOSAUR ARE YOU" quizzes? Where's the dozen invites to join a VAMPIREZ VS. WEREWOLFS app? I mean, come on guys. At least try. True, but I wish someone would write a guide for people like me to avoid conversation with strangers when I don't want to have one. If I'm in an elevator, what's the quickest way to make someone stop talking to me about my bike? If I'm waiting for a bus, what's the quickest way to get a stranger to stop talking to me about his life? If I'm reading a book, what's a polite and effective way of saying "Sorry if you're illiterate, but I actually do read for pleasure"? I wonder if CouchSurfing.com has any mechanism in place for removing users that are convicted of this type of activity. For that matter, can surfers leave comments about their hosts? Yeah, people thought that solving world problems were that easy? Really? "It's easy, I'll just write a perl script solving world hunger!" For that matter, why not work at home? When I worked at coffee shops a few days a week (or a month), I went specifically to get some new background noise and new background scenery. Although, I suppose a library offers even fewer distractions than home does, and you do have to wear pants. Little do your female friends know that the only reason that woman is with me is because I have the antidote. I download 99% of my music. While I'm not admitting to anything illegal or unethical, let's just say that my downloads don't exactly add anything to the statistics. The only time I actually buy CDs is at concerts, so I know the money stands a better chance of going straight to the artist, and so I can on occasion get a signature. I wonder if perhaps that's skewing the statistics. At least they learned from the heavily armored helicopter whose gigantic windshield was made of non-bulletproof glass. The building's maintenance department still hasn't fixed one of our office doors. The springs are broken, and it's a heavy glass door. It could break your hand or brain you pretty good if you're not aware that the spring is malfunctioning. It's been two months. And we're not even a gigantic corporation. Can't this problem be solved by looking at a photo of _why and comparing it with ? That valley just isn't quite canny enough yet. Though it's getting beter. Weird. When celebrities slipped up and let their private cellphone numbers get released on the internet, the cellphone industry didn't suffer from a massive backlash. My friends loathe the taste of onions. I consider them to be diseased. I can't remember the last time I used the paper. Wait, no, I cut out a few articles to put up on a board to help add some office ambiance to a movie set. I believe that in order to qualify for the seat, you have to make your reservations ahead of time. You don't just show up, then get your seat stolen out form under you, and return home in tears. Furthermore, you could apply this to virtually anything. Ever been to an all-you-can-eat buffet? Every shrimp you eat is a shrimp that some poor retiree won't get to eat. You monster. I wish the site were already up, with an RSS feed. I will not remember to check that domain in a week. Wait, is that sarcasm, or does it really load slowly for people? Nah, at the bottom should be "GUESS WHICH TARANTINO MOVIE CHARACTER YOU ARE!?" Interesting. Could you provide step by step directions on how to do this? I'm not really sure where to begin. There shouldn't be much to administer once you're done setting everything up. Worst case scenario (which was my case), you spend a day fiddling with the damn thing. Then you stick it under your desk, and it purrs along forever. There shouldn't be much to administer once you're done setting everything up. Worst case scenario (which was my case), you spend a day fiddling with the damn thing. Then you stick it under your desk, and it purrs along forever. I don't remember much of the movie - thankfully - but if an army is shooting at me and I can butcher them with my magical sword, I don't care if they're clones, robots, aliens, black, or children. I probably waste 15 minutes a day on BaseCamp's UI - it's not great, and I've written a few greasemonkey extensions to speed up my process. And that's a 37 signals product, a pretty decent one to boot. I can't imagine how much time (for instance) my friend loses to his stupid internal IE6 app that was probably outsourced to a fourteen yea rold. Not as dumb as your loved ones explaining this to the hospital. "(And by the way, if you’re making money doing something you have absolutely no passion for, you might want to try and fix that. Just sayin’.)" What if making money is your passion? "Is mozilla liable due to promotion?" Liable for what? > Did you ask them how they managed to get that many cards ? Can't be too terribly hard. I get three credit card applications in the mail a day. I've known friends in college that had five credit cards, mostly maxed out. Odds are 90% that the "different guy" will be you. Understanding what you read on the news, being able to communicate clearly and effectively, and being able to spot bullshit and faulty arguments when you see it - great reasons to go to college. But 90% of people won't be using what they learn to "improve their community" and whatnot, not unless they're specifically going to school to learn that. I'm pretty sure there's software out there for every OS that will do this. Alternatively, you can unplug a cable / disable WiFi. > Also, If I was to in any way publicly denounce another person it would probably have more negative effect on me than them :) Well, not if your story is legit. Airing out your concerns about another coder sounds perfectly alright to me. Why does that fish seem to have teeth? There's money in Risk? People are funny. If a friend gave me a large sum of money, I'd always feel indebted to them, and probably vice versa. I'd like to think that this wouldn't change our relationship, but you never know. I gave up after reading 12 and realizing that none of them were even remotely amusing. Apparently the upper class is confident enough to wear stupid, unfunny t-shirts and get away with it. Or maybe you're SO secure, that you can afford to look insecure while being actually secure. Or maybe you're SO insecure that you try to look like you're so secure that you can afford to look oh god I can't finish this sentence. My car gets 40 rods to the hogshead, and that's the way I likes it. Prison Buddy Search. Basically, I wanted something that would let you search for your high school friends in all the jails & prisons, state and federal. Optionally I thought about hooking it into facebook, for automatic updates. "Ben Jerry has just been imprisoned for 5 years for aggravated assault!" Hope someone doesn't steal my idea; then again, if they do that means I'd get to reap the fun benefit without the hard work! I've had good and bad experiences with free and paid software. I'd make a witty remark about how that's just like my sex life, too, but I haven't paid for sex yet. Unless you're counting alcohol. Software is like sex. It's better when it's bug-free. That's a pretty neat idea, actually. You could start a "fantasy" game based on that, since I assume that some basic crime statistics are available via FOIA. Except that these stats won't change much... This wouldn't work very well for a business that had servers spread out far and wide, but my current theme is cities. Used to be Russian cities - Moskva, Leningrad, Irkutsk, etc. I've since switched to cities in Texas - Dallas, Austin, Houston. (Though I'm keeping Moskva forever.) Great, 10 unrelated slideshow images of incredibly obvious things. Hint: it's basically the exact same reason that anyone else faces financial ruin. "Mixed numbers and letters over 8 characters long. Memorize it once, use it forever." Wait, is this sarcasm? I'm betting [bossname]sucks was a popular one. Exactly. Remember, that password is only strong until someone pulls it out of a database that has it stored in plain text. After that, you might as well be using "password". I'll be the dad that will shell out $400 for Tylenol to avoid the risk of my child becoming retarded. Not to mention, $400 for peace of mind is pretty cheap, and would probably buy me a decade or two of ulcer-free living. It "got" you? I hope health care/insurance reform works. My backup hope is that my children love gruel. Sufficiently effective public transportation would be better than autonomous vehicles. (Though of course it's not an either-or proposition.) Good point. Give poor people more nutrients and better health... and they'll produce more poor people, who then will run out of nutrients and health care. Ugh, you're just like my family. "Why can't we just go camping in the woods, like normal people? Why do you always want to descend two miles below the surface of the pacific?" Amateurs. I imagine the type of person who would install a random "Mac Codec" on their machine isn't going to start up a VM with OS X running to test it out, first. So it's a motion sensor, then? Does any work actually get done? I'm still under the impression that standard tip in the US is 15%, but I usually tip 20% if the service is good, if only because it makes calculations is easier. Shoddy service that's not bad enough to notice is 15%; anything less jumps a quantum level down to zero. If your parents or grandparents purchased a Palm, would they be able to? Anyone who posts on HN is by definition almost certainly a power user. I click on the comments link, and then the link to the article. That way, if I think the content warrants reading commentary, I just hit back instead of having to search the page again for the link. You're absolutely right, and he's updated his blog to briefly address this. If I suspect a person has problems with their Windows install or needs a website built "for this great business idea, you'll see, we can split the profits, you just have to design the website!", I tell people I'm a database administrator. This discourages questions. Otherwise, I generally tell people I'm a code monkey or a web designer. Some of the problem could be mitigated by having multiple reviewers score answers, and taking the average of the score. Of course this would increase the cost of grading such tests... Can he afford to go back to school? You have a few good points. Most of the things I learned wasn't from class; it was in my spare time. I hardly use anything covered in classes in my day to day work. However, college was invaluable in making connections, making friends, finding like-minded people, etc., etc. Also, whether you believe in it or not, you're not the one who's trying to find a way out of a rut. Traditional schooling might work for your friend. > A good reason to start own business. And become indentured to your customers. You mean, having money is not optional. Employment is optional in the sense that you generally have several choices of where you can work, at least. What about the people who'll come back and say that all physics is just the result of the universe computing itself? You should read "A Deepness In The Sky" and "A Fire Upon The Deep"; the topic is actually covered fairly well. It also helps to shop around. I guess it would be nice if files kept track of individual users' preferences. In fact, I wish Finder would do the same on network shares; I hate opening a network folder and realizing that one of my coworkers has changed the way things are organized. But that seems like the kind of tiny feature that's a lot of work for not a lot of reward. "Under destruction" Holding down space didn't fire continuously, but instead scrolled me down the page. Back button didn't work; had to click on a bookmark to leave. Then it prompted me for a score, preventing me from leaving until I either hit escape or typed something in. I was pretty excited for some reason, thinking that this was a method of determining whether you're getting a placebo or the real thing during double-blind medical testing. I could read a lot of books if I didn't care about retaining any of the knowledge. I stopped playing with it when I realized that the option to turn off instant-typing-relay wasn't implemented yet. Sorry, instant deal breaker. I've ^H^H^H'ed far too many obscenities directed at friends and clients for that to fly. I'm guessing the reason is that checks are simple, and you are in control of when and to who you give your money. The risk of your money being stolen is small enough that we generally don't worry about it, at least when dealing with things like paying the bills through the mail or paying for groceries (damn you, old woman in line.) I'm anxiously awaiting GoogleDresser, so I can find those missing socks and one of my favorite t-shirts. It'll be fixed the first time he tries to log in and receives the same message. - Utterly dependent on a mouse. This is annoying. I don't understand how you reached the conclusion that the 1lb of solid becomes 2% of the total weight after evaporation. Seems to me that it would be 1.01%. Ah, I see. I'm slow. First I advise against communicating with them via giant walls of text, not checking whether those HTML paragraph breaks actually put in line breaks or not. edit: after making my way through it, this jumped out: "Right now, the understanding is that we will discuss payment when the website is complete." This seems like a good way to get into a three-way fight and legal troubles. My common sense is tingling. But what happens when there are three ice-cream sellers? I was wondering if #37 would make it. Seems to me that medical devices should be programmed in the same style as the computers guiding the space shuttle. It's not exciting, but it works and keeps people alive. I absolutely hate websites that do this. http://imgur.com/1wg7w.png Come on, please test to see what your site looks like if someone is on a slow connection, or if your image server is down. Gray on gray is unreadable. "Again, not actually a problem for many, until you get to a very advanced stage (say three years) and how many projects even last that long?" Two of our oldest clients who also happen to be the busiest and most profitable have been with us for 4+ years, and have been requesting feature changes, etc., without a total rewrite. So, from my experience, enough. "Well it isn't a guarantee that they will delete the data, just a notice that they won't be liable legally if they do decide to do so." That's even worse. If I know my data will be deleted, and under what circumstances, I can take steps to address the issue. "We might, potentially delete data, probably not, but who knows?" is kind of hard to plan against. Maybe you could play some white noise in the background? Do you ever reply that while you never see spam, you frequently have to deal with other kinds of unsolicited e-mail, hinting softly? Your two javascript examples are fantastic. Thank you for explaining this in a very clear way. I negotiated a $40k hospital bill down to approximately $15k. That was still a lot more money than I had at the time. If I wasn't lucky with good credit, I would still be in debt. I don't care about tits, skin or toofs, but I am incredibly easily distracted, and a single blinking flash ad can totally plummet my concentration. Mine brought in a bottle of chocolate-covered wine, some candies, and a bag of what looks like crystal meth. http://bit.ly/4EMyTM http://bit.ly/8YOlOv Having only ever worked for one small company, it's really hard for me to imagine this actually happening. Hell, from most of the stories I've heard from people working for bigger places, people who don't log into the machines frequently don't even know that the machines have names. So what you're saying is that you wouldn't miss the free things that you don't use? Yeah, I probably wouldn't even notice if my company stopped handing out free goats once a month. "How would Twitter be a more useful way to monitor news?" Assuming that you follow interesting people who are interested in similar things that you are, it's likely that you could be informed of a news story that matters to you faster than by going through an RSS feed. Well, to be fair, that sounds fairly logical. If I get hired in your place, I don't want to have to figure out that I have to run Possum before I can run Koala, and if I'm going to be running Kangaroo I have to explicitly specify the target port or whatever. Well, there goes the work day. Not to mention, our current months almost match up to the moon's phases. > Crowd-sourced politics? Crowd-sourced porn? So? An MBA would still teach them about the subject they care about, while also (supposedly) making them better equipped to actually get hired. > I'd imagine that's a really easy way to gain admittance to the no-fly list. And that's probably your best case scenario. You don't need sarcasm to make fun of rail. Every time I try to get a hypothetical route on Amtrak.com for Dallas to New Orleans, or Florida, it insists on routing me through Chicago. Every. Single. Time. Is she saying that the raw radio data is copyrighted? Or the software? Because either way, wow . That probably means there are 299 million wireless devices using GSM. I think that the 20th and the 21st centuries will go down in history as the best time to be a mouse on this planet. In 1999, I was 16 and thought that the world wasn't being run at all. Why? It's a perfectly cromulent word. > I don't quite understand why this is a big deal (admittedly, I don't play the game, but I don't see how this is different than if a player sat there and played repetitively themselves) Maybe it's the fact that a person playing the game can't compete with an automated script whose sole purpose is to win the game and be better than a human player? I'd have very little interest in competing against other robots. I'm pretty sure you can. Hasn't a lot of scientific advance come about as a direct result of military research? So when can I expect to be able to stop by a Cosa Nostra franchise? That doesn't sound like a great idea. If you're one of 10 cartels, it seems like your chances of being shot down are 1/10. (Not really, but let's just posit that the gov't can shoot down one plane a day.) If you pool everything together on one plane, suddenly your odds of making some deer and coyotes very jittery shoot up by 10. Well, don't feel bad. That machine will get what's coming to it when they outsource its job overseas. I just saw a link in the HTML. I use the side doors - opening them by hand - because revolving doors move more slowly than I like, and it irritates me. It's the equivalent of a "loading..." bar for a website's flash intro - I don't want to deal with it, just get me into the building please. My box is warm and cozy, thank you very much. Considering that it's Second Life, I'm guessing leopard dildos. Same in Firefox 3.5.6 in OS X. You could probably get away with having one per block; aren't most traffic lights all connected? Or have I just been watching too many movies where hackers take over streetlights? Yes. Well, predicting murders would cause a re-allocation of the police department's resources, arguably preventing some of those murders. Well, I suppose the next time Mom doesn't want to pay for a second ticket, she should probably go ahead and put that tag on him. Please, that's just a suburban legend. snort I've pissed off my girlfriend several times by reading a book she recommends, and instantly predicting exactly what the "twist" at the end is. Comes from being a lonely nerd with nothing much to do but read tons and tons of science fiction. ${‘a’ . ‘b’} = ‘c’; echo $ab; // it will outputs c I've seen people abuse that "feature" to write utterly unreadable messes of code that should have been covered in pasta sauce. Developers new to PHP should absolutely not be using this, not until they learn how to write clear, easy to read code. > There are certain grey areas around national monuments though. How so? (And on a different note, is there a way to display text as "quoted" here on HN?) I honestly don't think they'd be that smart. Or a stack of HR Sexual Harassment Report forms. I propose that we change the Golden Ratio to reflect the current exchange rate, daily. Thank you! I had an old DOS version of this, and haven't been able to find anything that replicated the experience. This is great. The survival must have mostly been luck - what are the odds of not becoming horribly infected? What did the surgeon use for sutures, anyway? Sure, but an appendectomy implies that the appendix itself is inflamed and infected, right? Seems like it could easily spread to the blood. Not to mention working near the intestines, that are full of bacteria as it is. Sounds like sepsis city to me. Then again, like you said, he could have just been pouring alcohol on the whole thing the entire time. I know that it's been a full decade since the 90's, but you can't just pull out an old article and recycle it like that. What next? The danger of hippies? The threat of rock'n'roll? In response to #4, would have been a perfect time to bring up a Matrix screensaver. Or "cat /dev/urandom | tr -dc 'A-F0-9 '" I, too, look forward to a day when I'm at work, and am surrounded by people mumbling at their computers and waving their arms. No, sir, that won't be distracting in the least. The decree was also condemned by Articolo 21, an organization dedicated to the defense of freedom of speech as enshrined in article 21 of the Italian constitution. So what are the first 20 dedicated to? Can you explain what that does? They finally lost me when they said that $738 - the highest calculated possibility - was nearly a thousand. Shit costs money. Oh no. Isn't part of the point of watching shows online separating yourself from a schedule? Hell, a lot of times I'll wait until a season of a show is over to watch it, so I doni't have to wait for upcoming episodes. So would you join Facebook, etc., if and when being on it is more likely to raise your credit rating than lower it? I came to a screeching halt when I read past the pile-up of buzzwords: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1059925 Is there something worthwhile after that? I don't think most of the video cameras on ATM machines are actually pointed at the machine; they're designed to capture the user's face. I would imagine that gluing a piece of plastic onto an ATM can look just like a regular transaction - person walks up, looks at the screen while their hands are doing something below. > I'd be suspicious of why they had to put a diagram to show you how to use what should be a universally understood sort of thing now. Clearly you've never seen someone in a self-checkout aisle trying oh so hard to scan their discount card through the magnetic reader when the video on the POS is telling you to swipe it. Or vice versa. There will always be someone too dumb to use something. Incidentally, I'm now glad that I'm not weird for reading the comments first, and the story second. Or, at least, that I'm not alone. What? I need a driver to have a wife? Can you post a how-to? This would make a pretty great present. Instantly reminded me of this: http://plif.courageunfettered.com/archive/wc282.gif That comic was pretty prescient - which isn't terribly hard if you assume the worst about humanity, and go on from there. Edit: the link seems to be giving people some troubles; try mirror here: http://imgur.com/3NJiL http://dummyimage.com/64xbanana If someone, as a mother of a child, has the right to know that a sex offender lives in her neighborhood, then I, as the owner of some expensive things, have the right to know that a burglar lives in my neighborhood. You're right, there are a lot of better reasons to ban those registries. I hate to be that guy... ... but my mac's camera has always Just Worked. I always just thought of it as a clock. Start at noon, and go. So if someone with multiple doctorates resigns his tenured position and works at McDonald's flipping burgers during the day, he is back to amateur status? I figured the reason would be competition for a similar niche. You'd be surprised by how many don't use any kind of CVS. No, but I remember FU-FMe. Much more excited about that. > Well, if you spend five minutes on chatroulette you've already seen so much offensive stuff that the next offensive thing you see doesn't really bother you all that much. You just click "next". It might if you specifically clicked "please show me only people interested in chatting and not showing me their dicks." Sometimes I try to make a sandwich, and drop the meat on the floor. Then I'm sad. Most of the cues listed seem like they are still used in a 3D film - aerial perspective, relative size, occlusion, etc can be stimulated and peripheral vision is irrelevant. Sort of defeats the original intention of running a business. I wonder what they would do if they didn't have /b/'s outlet. You should see my cellphone wallpaper. Seems like it might not be a bad idea for services like Twitpic, etc., to strip certain EXIF data from photographs. As someone who isn't likely to be an enterpreneur, I only want to know about the tip of the iceberg at first because I don't know if the rest of the iceberg is interesting or not. If you're designing a series of games for the iPhone, that's kind of cool, and I can relate to that. If your startup is writing accounting software to analyze discrepancies in employee lunch spending when away from the office, my eyes might start glazing over after 45 seconds. Yeah, and did you know that ignoring an issue will totally save it? I just slap those links in my bookmark bar, and start on about:blank I'm sure they are; most of the time they're not guarding national security, but a few soccer moms and football fans complaining they can't get into their laptop because their fingers still have Cheetos on them could be a PR problem. I recall reading a list of the top 10 ways to live a longer life somewhere, and pretty high up on the list was "Do not get a pilot's license." Apparently, CEOs, doctors and the like assume that competence in one area of life implies that they're competent to do anything, like flying a plane. http://grab.by/2unF I think I'd rather explain the steak than 37 compressed air bottles. I'm also surprised you can't enter your own credit card number's last four digits. I just used the old trick of taking a snapshot of the nearest intersection, and the view from there to my car. Then, in the morning, I'd shake off my hangover, peel myself off whoever's couch I was on, and go forth in search of my mighty steed, trying not to vomit along the way. Uphill both ways, of course. And write a shorter rant. So your point is that avoiding danger is pointless, because once danger kills you, you don't care? Race you across the interstate! Go! "Please wait . . . loading file." I'm sure they meant to say, "Please wait... logging your interest in this file." The first interview's purpose - whether in person, over the phone, or via e-mail - should be to weed out the obvious idiots. If you don't know what the modulo operator is, door is right this way, operate it by placing your hand around the knob, turning clockwise, and pushing forward. Agree, speaking as a guy who's pushing a web product live now. And still sitting here, at 7pm. My favorite line from his blog is "[Perchloric acid] is a liquid with a boiling point of around 80 C, and I'd like to shake the hand of whoever determined that property, assuming he has one left." http://pipeline.corante.com/archives/2006/05/30/things_i_won... A text-to-speech converter sounds like an awful way read to listen to a book. > let's not be angry at tigers for chasing sweet little antelopes. It's a bit of a different scenario when the antelope is yours. Yeah, at first I thought that maybe "poster" means something completely different in UK English. I think they just won Buzzword Bingo for the month. My biggest problem with understanding some Slavic languages (I'm a native Russian speaker) is the fact that I'm not sure how some of these consonants and vowels are pronounced. j, ż, ę, etc. My stepfather told me to never preface a counter-argument with "yeah, but". He told me that other people hear it as "I didn't listen to what you said, but am talking anyway." Looks like they're blocking predominantly English-speaking countries. Wouldn't having the entire chart smell identically defeat the purpose? You'd want the blue part smelling like blueberries, and the red part smelling like strawberries. As a part of that, there would be an ad at the top that temporarily "pushed down" the content for a few seconds, before pulling back up. Nothing was covered. Nothing prevented readers from getting the content. And the "pushdown" ad only showed once per visitor and never again. This is precisely why I use an ad-blocker. I don't really mind animated gifs - I've learned to tune those out. But ads - flash ads are the usual guilty party - that actually fuck with the content actively piss me off, and they are why I have both adblock and flashblock. I can't imagine being too old to get used to a new control scheme. It's like being too old to switch to standard instead of automatic. Even a broken clock is wrong twice a day, throw enough darts and you'll hit a bullseye, at least one woman in this bar has gotta be drunk enough, etc. Insert your own folksy analogy here. Well, think of it from their point of view. They don't need a code to open their desk and they don't need a password to open the break-room fridge. And to them, having something go missing from there is scarier than someone logging in as them and looking at numbers. Yeah, but then the user would have to type the password in once. Apparently, even this was too much. Couldn't that be an issue with virtually any job? Do you take issue with factory jobs, due to the number of alcoholics working there just to support their beer-purchasing habits? It is an issue for sure, but not one specific to pornography. I didn't see how this related to the drug habit for a second; you're saying that women turn to pornography in order to support their drug habit, not paying attention to the negative consequences, right? I want to make sure I'm understanding correctly before I reply and sounds like an idiot. Well, if your company makes a product that mangles children's toes, and the media creates a video that shows your product burning children's legs off, you might want to complain. (I am not proud of that analogy, but it's been a long day.) Can't wait for fundies to decry this as science overturning the will of god. The same fundies whose infertile wives undergo medical treatment to enable them to conceive. So does your mom . "Beyond the first-impression problem, there’s the productivity hit on those poor people who are now also de facto receptionists. There’s theft and crime, when strangers can roam the halls. And of course there is always the off chance of a troubled laid-off employee returning with revenge in mind . . ." Ah, yes. Receptionists, our unsung action heroes. Three examples over more than a decade can be easily chalked up to coincidence. I'm kind of confused what it has to do with Hacker News in general. You know how sometimes you hire a guy from a hemisphere you've never even heard of for a project, and when he delivers, it's nothing at all like you requested, riddled with bugs, and randomly crashes? Now imagine that guy representing you at a murder trial. I like the barriers. Von Neumann machines, set to disperse and report back, could search the galaxy in a fairly short amount of time - well, a few tens of thousands of years, but that's not inconceivably long for a civilization that would undertake this project. Hiring someone costs the company a lot of overhead, whether you work out or not. A contractor can be fired without incurring a lot of overhead. So if you job-hop quickly, companies might be a little wary of spending a lot of money to bring you in only to have you scadaddle off after three months. Brilliant. Enter your address in the system as the default one; complain until the police stop showing up; commit loud crimes. If a user enters that, the system could ask them which one they mean; optionally, it could even remember the user's preferences. That's a moderately extreme scenario. You're inconveniencing users to prevent some possible but unlikely future inconvenience? You mean evil and insane. If he had actually died, you better believe there would be a huge investigation, and the poison would more than likely be discovered. Sure, assuming that the recipient is on the same system as you. Good luck picking out the breadcrumbs from a contact outside the company. Maybe I'm an asshole, but I'd simply hide him from my feed altogether, and maybe check his page once a week or so for any updates. Only tangentially related, but my friend saw a shirt that said "Uncle With Benefits" for sale somewhere. That's another one of those things that are hilarious in principle, but you never really want to be caught in. You say "our parents generation" and "our kids", but I'm pretty sure 90+% of our generation doesn't know any of this, either. I think that as far as quality of life goes, I'd rather have my hands hurt than my ass hurt. Ugh, as soon as a galaxy gets cool, all these posters and hangers-on start to orbit. Am I the only one that thought this, and then realized you could just look at the source code, and then realized that I'm too lazy? Seems like the easiest solution would be for web developers to show the address in their country's format, if their customer is from their country, and to show a textarea box for anyone else. Say that tomorrow! Yeah, that's crazy to me. I bring snacks to my office, and when I'm fine with people eating the things I bring, I make it explicit - I tell everyone, or I leave a note. Same thing with taking food - I'll ask if it's fine if I take a few slices of pizza home. How is taking your food not outright theft? > People in the US pick up after their dogs, I find this great! Tell that to the giant pile of dog shit I found right outside my door with a shoe-print in it. > I think the only _great_ dating app is okcupid While I agree, what makes you say that? I think the biggest draw is that it's free - there's no incentive to not try it if you're trying to find love online. Is it actually better than Match, Chemistry, and whatever else I ignore during commercial breaks? Right, this is why a lot of people's desire to own a house as soon as possible baffled me. It's a lot cheaper to move apartments than it is to move houses. A friend of mine actually moved about 45 minutes away to be closer to his job... and then his job moved, and he's got an hour and a half commute, each way. I'd pay the fee to break the lease in that case. I cannot imagine spending that much time commuting. Party supply centers, man. Start hoarding balloons. But is it produced in large enough quantities to make this viable? So why are suckers paying $500 for 500L of it? Or send up a guy with a bucket. Weird. Here's the article as I see it: IT'S like remembering the future. Our brain generates predictions of likely visual inputs so it can focus on dealing with the unexpected. Predictable sights trigger less brain activity than unfamiliar stimuli, bolstering the view that the brain is not merely reactive, but generates predictions based on the recent past. "The brain expects to see things and really just wants to confirm it now and again," says Lars Muckli at the University of Glasgow, UK. He and Arjen Alink at the Max Planck Institute for Brain Research in Frankfurt, Germany, asked 12 volunteers to focus on a cross on a screen, above and below which bars flashed on and off to create the illusion of movement. To test a predictable stimulus, a third bar would appear in a position timed to fit in with the illusion of smooth movement. For the unpredictable stimulus it would appear out of sync. fMRI scans showed that the unpredictable stimulus increased the activity in parts of the brain which deal with the earliest stages of visual processing (Journal of Neuroscience, vol 30, p 2960). The finding supports the "Bayesian brain" theory, which sees the brain as making predictions about the world which it updates when new information comes in. I think that this is a different type of effect. > The laptop isn't really a lesser desktop. It can do anything a desktop can do, but with slightly worse performance. Not even necessarily the case. I doubt I'd notice a performance difference if all I have open is a terminal window, a web browser and a text editor - which is usually all I need for work. Alright, alias wget='curl -O' That was a fun rant about cars, but did the author have anything to say about the iPad? Don't forget, if ranked by order of importants, the body should be: Point 2 Point 3 Point 1 I do think, though, that the relaxation of being immersed in warm water definitely helps. Not even necessarily a smartphone. Set up a camera at your window hooked up to a spare machine, take photos when motion is detected and look for license plates. You can probably automate the whole process. I don't really know how to feel about it. On the one hand, it's an invasion of privacy; on the other hand, you can't really outlaw data collection in a public space, can you? Anyway, tales like A Scanner Darkly seem oddly prophetic and relevant: http://ahprojects.com/c/itp/thesis Not to mention that it always ships with the "guest" account having root access, and no password. GOOD JOB, GUYS. Do you remember Winamp 2? When people tried to make "fancy skins", and failed even more miserably? And iTunes is highly functional? Since when? "Well, OBVIOUSLY," I muttered to myself and then realized that the title said "bones". > "Here's a description, implement it perfectly without testing". > That's not even close to how developers work You'd be surprised. Also, terrified. Is there a non-video version of this? edit: nevermind, found one: http://abcnews.go.com/WN/anger-mom-adopted-boy-back-russia/s... Also on the web, in a billion places. I'm always wary of people who are tweeking over Math.max - how could you not know that exists? Odd. I remember reading that the director was impressed with what people ended up making of his work, and laughed about it. Unless you're running a casual forum, in which case it could be another thing for people to discuss and compete about. This explosion didn't produce time or space. So what was the result/conclusion? I think that's technically a gynoid. I think they'd go a long way if the androids didn't hold still between movements. People never hold still - at the very least, their eyes move rapidly (saccades). > This will help reduce the danger of using nonlethal weapons. Alternatively, it'll teach people to over-rely on these things, much like some police departments have become overly reliant on tasers, with with bad consequences. > If I had a screen in front of me, the temptation would be to do something, to try out the idea And this temptation is bad? Same, although it partially reminded me of Anathem. Are you being ironic? Trying to break things is the best part of beta testing something. From the OP, it sounds like it wasn't even in the contract. I understand non-compete clauses, but this doesn't seem to apply here. Why is a Scandinavian asshole blocking the article? http://grab.by/42AG I can't actually scroll through the page. Maybe it's a problem on my end, but using the mousewheel just results in the page jerking up and down a little bit, and hitting the down arrow throws me into the comments. You're saying that there's not enough interesting stuff going on in the world to fill up 24 hours? It's not a binary thing. Facebook is more competent than MySpace; doesn't mean that someone can't be more competent than Facebook. Firefox 3.6.3, OS X 10.5.8 That's a heck of a misleading headline. Also, it serves the public that lives in cities with shitty public transportation. Example: Dallas. I'm about to borrow my girlfriend's car to go see a band. Without her car, I'd have to catch a bus there - a bus that stops running in an hour - and take the rail back to the nearest point to our apartment, which is six miles away. We have clients with different-enough needs that it's often easier to write a new, simple shopping cart for them than it would be to integrate an existing behemoth to do what they need. Should we have every single project certified? How do you even go about that? What if instead of miraculously vanishing, you were instead vaporized by your neighbor, using a ray that recorded the position or every atom? It's murder, right? What if he recombines you, just like in your example an instant later. Is it murder? A minute later. Murder? An hour, day, week, month, year. Murder? What if he just promises to everyone to put you back together. Later. In the future. Murder? That's not scheduled until next year. I'm okay with this so long as there's absolutely no identifying information that goes along with it. Having said that, if I had a kindle, I guess I'd start highlighting every obscenity. While your concerns are warranted - we've taken over some terrifying projects and cleaned them up in a hurry - I've never been that paranoid about it. Anyone solve the "I have to scroll down to reach content" problem? And also pay for people's rent, food, medical expenses, etc., etc... I prefer browsers' tab switch system, because I always see my tabs. I do not always see my Cmd-Tab prompt, nor do I want to study it when tabbing around. And the "breaking" is just a question of implementation, not a big theoretical headache. Yeah, I really should have responded to the original commentor. Not for the developers of those games who still have bills to pay. No. They'll just search every one they see by cutting it in half, and finding nothing, returning it to you so you can continue on your way. It wasn't really an experiment. It was just him bragging about how awesome and independent he is for stinking up his workplace. Everything period is a luxury, then. I mean, at which point do you draw the line between luxury and necessity? Okay, hot water is a luxury. What about running water? Clean water? Enough water to clean yourself? Enough water to avoid poor health? Wow, it's been years since I've loaded up Deoxy. Sounds like a very pessimistic view geared towards drones working in cube-farms for Corporation, Inc. Isn't price gouging just one of the (albeit extreme) consequences of the market? Supply plummets, demand skyrockets. Has the technology that gets us from here to there improved significantly since then? Or that you learned to game the system. His papers were confiscated. > now everyone takes it for granted that the the mushrooms are good! Especially on college campuses. That sounds more like war than terrorism. Why not link straight to the article? http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/extreme-fear/201005/top-... Try putting yourself in the monkeys' shoes. Well, the latter ones might be helpful. For instance, in #8 and #9, if you notice that someone is trying to manipulate your emotions, you might be more on guard. You're killing the signal-to-noise ratio. Families of murder victims should be angry at gun companies. They make murder weapons. Any blame should rest with them IMHO. > On Sunday, in response, Jimmy Wales voluntarily revoked many of the "permissions" given to him as Wikipedia's founder, to delete and edit "protected" content on Wikimedia Commons. > In a message to the Wikimedia Foundation mailing list he said this was "in the interest of encouraging this discussion to be about real philosophical/content issues, rather than be about me and how quickly I acted". That's interesting. I wonder if it's true. The solution to what problem? Financial firms not making enough money during calamitous times? This looks like a ton of fun. In general, I think reddit's commenting system is much better than HN's. For instance, context quotes, and the fact that permalinks to quotes clearly show the fact that it's a comment and not a submission. http://store.steampowered.com/browse/mac Aren't all these games available for mac? > Polls that are collected without randomness are completely meaningless. What? > I understand how to press Account -> Privacy Settings and toggle as I wish Do you understand how to do it after every change they make? That nightmare is too far removed. Instead, leave a window open and place a nice piece of electronic equipment on the sill. Works twice as well if you live in a shady neighborhood. Did we have selective pressure to heal broken bones while laying in bed, with a cast, taking extra calcium supplements? I actually disabled ad-block out of curiosity. I don't understand how people browse without it, now. I was working for the graduate dean's office at my university, and was helping set up a big presentation for new teaching assistants. One of the talks being given was the importance of security and privacy, with a lot of focus on keeping your SSN secure. As the talk began, the presenter passed around a sheet and asked everyone to sign in - with their name, school, and social security number. It made it halfway around the big conference hall, and halfway through the talk, before someone finally raised their hand and asked about the incongruity of being at a talk about the importance of keeping SSN's secret, while being asked to sign in with them. > Are they that desperate for porn? Only big-breasted porn. 11. - unless you get fired because you couldn't push yourself hard enough to get project X done. Who does that website design appeal to? I found it hard to read. It looks like a one-page spread in a magazine that I'd have skipped over. It wouldn't work for me for several reasons; one, I always keep g-mail in the left-most tab, two, I use 1Password to fill in all my passwords, which obviously wouldn't work with the wrong URL. But the 1Password thing is a recent thing; I could easily have fallen for one of the bank attempts, since I usually leave them open in another tab while it's loading, or if I get bored, so it's not unusual for me to tab over and be surprised by a "you've been logged out!" screen. Well, then we should avoid encouraging fast food, liquor, and a lot of other things. Plus there may be some selection bias going on. How do you know that some of your high-functioning coworkers aren't heavy pot smokers when they get home? Well, he did say: > I admire them in the same way I admire the work ethic of serial killers. And then watch it again. And again. Not only does this break copy and paste, it's incredibly annoying when I want to paste a single line into my IRC client, and tinker with it before sending. Instead, I end up pasting the thing, and the stupid URL, since the newlines send the message. I believe that the image you're looking for to express your current emotional state is http://uploads.postfarm.net/public/postfarm/uploads-2.0/i/if... So the advice is to move somewhere new without a job and hope it works out? Yes, it seems like she's totally ignoring psychology and actual research that's been done, and is just listing things that personally annoy her. Assuming you drive in a western direction to get to work, sure. I go directly north. I still don't understand what the definition of a widget is. So, what exactly determines whether something is a widget or not? How is that worse than having Apple tell you that they're pulling your app altogether? God, a warehouse full of lego. That's what heaven is like. > What is their value add? Why would you do business with them? "Look, we have iPhones!" http://imgur.com/FD0pK.jpg Hey! It's not ... the worst city to live in... Yes, but less readable. This is a trivial, sure, but I really dislike seeing misspelled variables. My favorite, of course, is $cue, which usually (but not always) means that the variable in question is related to a queue. > it's not so superior to the competition that I'm willing to put up with this shit. And yet you're going to keep putting up with it instead of cancelling your plan? I think Scott Adams said something like this in The Dilbert Future; he claimed that privacy in the future won't be a huge issue because we're all so boring. > English is universal language (taking into account its ability to define new words), so we're not missing out on anything fundamentally important (and nor are, e.g., the French missing out on anything fundamental by not speaking English: French is universal too). They're universal languages for people; for brains that specifically evolved to swing through trees, pick bugs out of our friends' fur, and to chase down antelopes. It's software that's pretty specific to the hardware. What if we just don't have enough in common with a critter that evolved in a fully 3D environment with no hands? But how many other people have done that? Just because something is possible doesn't mean it's probable. And I think a guy that figured out how to make $100,000 a year is a pretty good source of business advice. How low-probability is an event if it's likely to happen in the next 30 years? Isn't that kind of like asking "What's an unlikely event that's likely to happen"? Police departments tend to disqualify people who are too smart.