Is the Intel Compiler even appreciably faster these days? I thought CLang and GCC had basically caught up... Is the Intel Compiler even appreciably faster these days? I thought CLang and GCC had basically caught up... That's what I was thinking; wouldn't Firefox be basically in userspace, and therefore not be much faster using an Intel compiler? I find that after I discovered tmux, I was able to use the command line full-time much more easily. Now everything I do is command-line-unix-ey, from my coding (with Emacs) to my web browser (Elinks). It's kind of a pain in the butt to learn, but I feel that it helps me stay focused on my work; there are a lot less distractions in the command-line world. I'll agree there, but I feel that that is a fixable problem overall; if I knew anything about ncurses I'd fix it myself :D. I still think using Elinks of w3m creates a more streamlined experience if your end goal is getting work done. It's weird, I always kind of wondered why Erlang gets left out of the FP discussions. It's not as dogmatic as Haskell or something, but functional-ness is kind of its bread and butter. If you take a language like Haskell, you can utilize an FRP framework like Netwire to write pure-ish code whilst having reactive things. I'm currently writing an ncurses application that does exactly that. Your link is broken; I don't think they use SSL. I don't really want to make a comment about the reasons "why", but I do want to say RIP Ian. I love Debian and it's derivatives. CrunchBang was the first distro I used for more than two days. I agree with the first point there. I was pretty excited to try an "open source version of sublime text", but the performance was so terrible I ended up just sticking with Vim. I know people are trying to back away from the console-ui editors, but you cannot deny that,performance wise, it's tough to beat Vim or Emacs. I don't know that I fully agree; I leave my Vim instance open for literally days at a time in a tmux session, which works somewhat as my "IDE". Much as I've heard I'm only supposed to do this with "real" IDE's, I have yet to really notice a single drawback. Does Excel count as a programming environment? If it does, I'd like to see if that outranks JS (my guess is that it does). I'd go one step further and even say it's arguably the most popular Reactive languages as well. It kind of feels like the author was just looking for reasons to be offended. This comment didn't really seem that offensive at all. Did nothing interesting happen in the tech world today? This is such a non-story, it's really weird that this is on the front-page twice. What the hell? This story has made the front page of HN three times now. Even if it were a "real", important story, hasn't it been thoroughly covered? If a web developer gets frustrated by having to support Internet Explorer 8, is that offensive? "How dare you! You're punching down at people who are stuck with Windows XP!" The internet is very good at being offended by everything. My point is that no one has this outrage machine when web developers whine about Internet Explorer, even though plenty of people are stuck using it for financial reasons, just like people who are stuck with five-year-old computers, and as a developer, I actually do find it frustrating when I have to support older hardware. I'll admit the choice of the word "sad" might have been poor, but it's hardly worth getting offended over. Plenty of companies cannot upgrade away from IE because the cost would be too high. I worked at a company that only worked with IE7 at one point. Sure, I could have said "just use Firefox" or "just use Chrome...It's free!", but that wasn't really an option. Now, granted, I'm aware that a company is not the same as a person, but it was just a dumb example I used to kind of point out that getting offended because Apple "punched down" is kind of arbitrary. Their web app broke when using anything but Internet Explorer 7, and they couldn't afford to upgrade it to modern web standards (they actually did get an estimate to do exactly that), so no, they didn't have a choice, really. I'm done with this topic; be as offended as you want. I'm actually kind of happy about this. While I don't personally use Atom at all, I think it's good that an open source editor is getting extremely popular. Much as I like Sublime Text, the fact that it's proprietary has prevented me from using it. I like Atom, but what's kept me with Vim is slight performance hit that you seem to have with Atom. I'm sure this will get ironed out more, and maybe it has been in later iterations. Have you managed to get good performance out of it? I always thought it was weird that it wasn't always publicly available. I'm ok with allocating taxdollars to funding new research, but I think that if my taxdollars go to something, I should have access to it. I can see where there should be exceptions like in cases of national security or maybe if minors are involved, but otherwise I think public stuff should actually be public. Is that true?! I think I might have a few new desktop backgrounds coming up... It totally makes sense. I kind of thought the whole point of public research was so that everyone could benefit. Much as I like Npm, I do kind of have to wonder if all this stuff is a consequence of having a centralized package manager. I personally prefer the Go solution of just specifying a Git repo. I actually tend to fork my dependencies to my own account. I never said it was a package manager, but it is a way of getting dependencies in an uncentralized way. I've been running Linux full-time for since 2013, but then again, I don't play games, so everything that I use actually is on Linux. Unless you don't have 30 spare gigs of storage space... Sure, I'll agree we can't have a completely open-door policy for everything because that would be chaos, but for stuff that's easy to make copies of I think we should. So to go with your example, I agree we don't all get to ride in spaceships (much as I'd like to), but I do think that it's not unreasonable to request the rocket designs and published papers that came out of NASA when they were building these rockets. I was just being cheeky, honestly, but that price doesn't scale linearly, at least not on a laptop. A 512gb SSD might have a higher cost-per-GB than a 256GB SSD. I don't run Windows and consequently haven't used VS in any kind of intimate detail, I'm sure it's great if you like dealing with IDEs. I feel more productive with Vim, tmux, GHCI, and GraspJS for doing of my web development. That might be true; I had a slightly tainted image of VS when I had to use it three years ago, and after everything I needed was installed, I only had like a gig left (this was on a weak, underpowered netbook, admittedly). In retrospect it's not entirely VS's fault, though I just found it amusing how quickly it ate through my storage when Vim only takes like 90 megs. I don't live in Silicon Valley, but I've found that the "requirement" for a degree is more of a suggestion than law. I don't have a degree, and I still usually apply to jobs that have that requirement. I don't always get an interview, of course, but I get them often enough to where I kind of feel like they're on the description as a formality more than anything. I use tmux as my primary "IDE" for everything. I personally use the backtiick (`) as my prefix, because ctrl-B conflicted with Emacs. Now I use vim for everything, but I still use the same prefix because I've gotten used to it. If you're stuck using someone else's computer, you can always pass through the prefix by hitting it twice...For example, if I ever need a backtick, I can just tap it two times. https://github.com/Tombert/dotfiles/blob/master/tmux/.tmux.c... I actually like the default bindings for both, but yes, everyone in the community seems to have a slightly fragmented opinion of them :D. I'm a goober and have never once used the leader key...I guess I'm a bit of a noob. I guess I can see this being an issue, but as someone who generally has a pretty "green" contribution chart, I find people look more at how many stars I have more than anything. This was why I thought the Chevy Volt had the right idea; having a gas-tank there as a backup, but depend on electricity 95% of the time. But, in my opinion, the best thing to do is to move to a big city and use the trains, or campaign for a good train system in your city, which obviously can't work for everyone. I'm pretty sure that the trains are "competing" pretty well with cars in New York, despite a lacking the features you metioned, considering that there are actually less households that own cars there than households that do. But generally speaking, I agree. To convince the average person of a public transit/driverless/generic-alternative-to-driving, privacy and end-to-end-ey-ness is probably important. I don't know the right solution to the HTML5 DRM thing. I hate DRM, I don't really support its use, but I also use Linux full-time. Without the HTML5 DRM, I don't think I'd be able to watch Netflix on my laptop, without some Wine wrapper, and really, is that much better? I don't see the studios signing off on Netflix without the use of DRM, and since Silverlight doesn't work on Linux, I selfishly don't have a problem with HTML5 DRM...most of the time. That said, ethical-me totes does have a problem with DRM being part of the otherwise-open web. Relying on stuff that I can can't break sort of makes my inner-Stallman sad. I'll admit that I know almost nothing about the ways DRM works, but my gut tells me that JS would be too slow to implement anything too robust. If DRM is anything like crypto, wouldn't it require something relatively CPU-heavy? That said, I didn't know the cross-platform thing was optional, and I agree that when I buy something, it should be DRM free. If it has to phone-home, then I don't own it, and things like Darkspore prove it can be stolen from me be the company. While I think DRM is largely a load of BS, it has been implemented with some efficacy (see: Darkspore), which has still not been cracked. So I do think the intention is to reduce piracy....Whether or not that's effective is a philosophical discussion. I haven't used ed, but I'm inclined to agree. People still make fun of me for living in the terminal. I'm not asking this to be critical, I'm asking because I'm genuinely confused; how is this any more authenticated than just a password? Presumably anyone with your Github password can go add or change your GPG keys if they wanted, so how would it make you any more verified? This is the frustration I have with "cloud" devices, and why I try to avoid using them. Sure, they're convenient as all hell, but if it points to a webservice that I don't/can't control, it inherently has a shelf-life. The issue is that while I totally could figure out how to set up a self-hosted home-automation thing, I'm not sure that the average non-technical user could, which means these cloud-devices are here to stay. I don't like Facebook, nor do I have an account, but I disagree somewhat with them not being a "real technology company". Facebook hired Simon Marlow, one of the creators of Haskell, and publishes a lot of research and open-source projects. Cassandra DB, HHVM, React, React-Native and Hack are just a couple examples. They write blog posts about what scales and what does not, and employ a number of post-grad researchers. How are they not a "real" technology company? The problem I have with Google tech, especially after the new Nest stuff has to come to light, is that there's no guarantee they'll support it for very long. It's entirely possible that I'll incorporate this into my workflow, just for Google to kill it off a year later. If Revolv had actually gone bankrupt I'm not sure people would be nearly as mad as they are. The fact is that Google is worth tons of money, and has access to a ton of hosting infrastructure. Is Google (or Alphabet, really) arguing that they can't spin up a single cloud-computer-engine-thing and run Revolv? That's the dilemma I have: I'm finding that I'm hesitant to get behind "cloud" services, especially free ones, because I can't know how long they're going to be around. Which really annoys me, because they're convenient as hell, especially for non-technical users. Sure, I could run a server in my apartment and get a self-hosted thing and whatnot, but I can't expect my parents to. TL;DR, I don't know the right answer to when we should use cloud services. I actually version control my config files ( https://github.com/tombert/dotfiles ) after reading this tutorial: http://brandon.invergo.net/news/2012-05-26-using-gnu-stow-to... Obviously you should change that to git instead of CVS. You know, even if Erlang didn't have great SMP scaling, or wonderful distributed properties, I think its fault-tolerant, actor-model-ey nature would make it wonderful anyway. The fact that you program expecting failures, and forced isolation of everything allows for incredibly "sturdy" code. The other features are fantastic, but they're just gravy as far as I'm concerned. Nah, Golang is wonderful and I use it for a lot of stuff, but it's sort of a different thing than Erlang. Go is more of a systems-ish language that has an emphasis on concurrency, but also on being relatively C-like. It's much more general-purpose than Erlang. Erlang is more about fault-tolerant, concurrent applications, and more specifically servers. It's not designed to be especially fast, it's designed to make it very simple to write systems with a ton of throughput, that can handle outages, and perform passably in the process. They're different things, and the only thing they have in common is that they both advertise concurrency, really. It depends on your location, I think. Here in New York, it's not too hard to find Erlang enthusiasts, particularly ones that work on Wall Street. That said, no one seemed to have even heard of the language in Dallas when I lived there. So the long-story-short of this is that if you don't mind doing some remote-hiring, it's not too hard to find workers, and things like Ejabberd have a ton of tutorials on writing modules. This is certainly something useful for Go, but it's only one aspect of Erlang. You still don't have to guarantee of thread-safety, you still don't have the immutability, you still don't have tail-call optimization, and perhaps most importantly, you don't have a REPL for hot-code updates. Well, not wanting to pay for a Youtube Red subscription is one possibility, another is that you want to access Youtube using only open source software, and another is to bypass ads. I actually do pay for Youtube Red, but I like to download my Youtube videos because a) my internet connection is a bit spotty, and b) I like to keep as much as I can open source. Well...Now I have a new image to haunt my nightmares. This is actually a pretty neat tutorial, I recommend. I remember thinking this was suspicious. I remember about three months ago I added a bunch of known malware sites to my hostfile so that I wouldn't give them traffic, and I couldn't get to Forbes. Funny, too, because I don't even use Ad-block. I'm so happy that a safe language is (very) slowly starting to creep its way into where I normally would have had to use C++. Rust isn't my favorite language, but it's a substantial improvement, at least in my goober opinion, over C and C++. I love Doom, but what I've always respected about Carmack is the fact that he actively tries to get better by learning all the time. This guy could easily have just learned C and called it "done", and no one would judge him for it. Instead, he's giving speeches talking about how cool Lisp and Haskell are and that he thinks functional is the way to go. Whether or not he's right about that is a matter of preference, but I think it's cool that he's not content with "knowing enough". I would like a better type system, immutability, and a better guarantee of memory safety. I'm totally aware that C++ has unique_ptr which can give you something relatively comparable to the Rust memory management, but I personally think that if the compiler doesn't have any kind of official idiom on the subject, it'll probably end up in the codebase. C++ kind of prides itself on being able to "write however you want", which is fine, but then that means that people might start using raw pointers, unchecked arrays, and mutation. Could a vigilant C++ programmer replicate every feature of Rust? Absolutely, not denying that for a second. Rust doesn't give you anything as much as it enforces a paradigm. At least that's my two cents. Oh, my bad, I misunderstood. Lemme first state that I am not a systems developer; I mostly do servers. That said, some stuff that keeps Rust from being my favorite is a lack of tail-call optimization, the lack of the ability to say that a function is pure and impure (and have that enforced), and not having some concept of a green-threading library built-in. I realize that the last point can fairly easily be implemented with a library, but the first two points keep me using Haskell. And evidently, if I'm wrong about any of these points, don't hesitate to correct me! I'd love to have a chance to get better with the language. EDIT: Just a note, I know that Haskell isn't a systems language and not a direct replacement for Rust. That said, I find that a lot of the features I want in Rust are things I like in Haskell. I agree that ZenCoding has greatly simplified XML development, but I find that even with it you're still beholden to ugliness when trying to edit it. I have to wonder if this, in part, has to do with the fact that poorer people here tend to ride the subway, and get exposed to a larger number of viruses, and building up an more immunities. I'm no doctor, but it at least seems plausible from a lay-man's perspective. That's what I get for taking medical advice from a George Carlin stand-up... That's a fair point, I'll admit I was mistaken. If my job requires me to have an understanding of something new, I learn it. Like an adult. Why the hell is technology the only exception for people on this front? While I agree that the long-term solution is absolutely to use renewable stuff (especially solar), I don't know that the renewable tech is completely ready to power 7 billion people. Nuclear is messy, and far from ideal, but it doesn't spew chemicals into the air, with a high yield of power, and we already have decent(ish) nuclear tech. The part I find especially interesting is that there are probably literally thousands of games that get into more-or-less-working prototypes, the project gets cancelled for any number of reasons, and the game sits on a hard drive until it crashes, and is lost for forever. That's so depressing. I know it's kind of a miracle for any game to make it to the store-shelf, but I'd like to actually see a percentage at some point of how many games never make it, because I would suspect it's pretty high. Isn't a huge issue with generics the compilation time? Much as I love Haskell, I'm not going to sit here and tell you that a big program compiles quickly. That might be an individual issue with Haskell, but regardless, isn't type-inference kind of expensive in compilation-land? And wouldn't that kind of kill one of the big features of Go? Maybe I'm a bit confused; if this bill were to pass, would this make SSH illegal? How about geli on FreeBSD? Am I going to be required to hand over my encryption keys on my server? Admittedly I've never implemented a compiler, or a type system, so I was just speaking out of my behind to an extent, but your explanation makes sense. I don't agree that abstraction layers inherently hide inefficiencies. In C++, `unique_ptr` is an "abstraction layer" with no runtime overhead, that will probably make your code faster due to the better safety. That's true, but he makes the point to remove the abstractions, and I'd argue that no, fix the abstractions. All of Evan Miller's programming reviews are good. I'm pretty sure it's been posted on HN before, but I quite liked his take on Rust as well. Lazy evaluation is what drew me into Haskell a few years ago, when someone showed me how you could use it to beautifully read a file as if it were in-memory, but done entirely as a stream. I thought that was amazing and I was sold. I should have mentioned that in my initial comment; Lazy IO is beautiful and OK for a simple application, but it's smarter to use a streaming library like Pipes of Conduit for anything big. Mosh is great, but I kind of stopped using it once I discovered Tmux so I could resume a session if the connection dropped. It's not that Mosh does anything wrong , but SSH has more features, and is supported by basically everything ever. Consequently, I stick with old-school SSH. I didn't mean to imply it "replaced" it as much as "it can accomplish what I need to". The fill tool doesn't appear to work properly I thought the issue was that there was some decompiled code in the repo? Maybe I'm misremembering. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TrueCrypt#United_States_v._Joh... > The court's ruling noted that FBI forensic examiners were unable to get past TrueCrypt's encryption (and therefore were unable to access the data) unless Doe either decrypted the drives or gave the FBI the password, and the court then ruled that Doe's Fifth Amendment right to remain silent legally prevented the Government from making him or her do so. So it seems like the law is a bit ambiguous on this front. RIP. Buckyballs have a ton of potential on the materials science world, and it's sad to hear that a pioneer is gone. I kind of wonder why no one just forks the (Libre/Open)Office spell-checker and design a plugin around that. Doesn't that work totally fine offline? Location: New York, New York. Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Willing, but not preferred. Technologies: Haskell, Erlang, Go, Node.JS, Verilog and a willingness to learn just about anything. Résumé/CV: https://github.com/Tombert/Resume/blob/master/resume.pdf Email: thomas@gebert.sexy I used a Pebble for about a year, but the problem to me is that it never really looks like a "watch", but more like a "computer that's on my wrist". I'll admit that's a kind of pedantic little nitpick, and the Pebble is a great little thing, but I switched back to my old Invicta chronograph after awhile. I never fully trusted any centralized password managers. Since I'm a paranoid goober, I've ended up dumping LastPass and using the Unix "pass" tool. Anyway, I'm glad that LastPass has resolved this; last thing I want in the news is another big password breach. This is interesting enough, I suppose, but I think they should have included some kind of interesting benchmark where Chakra outperformed V8 or something for Node. Heh, I didn't actually think an actual MS developer would respond to my comment. As it stands, I can appreciate what MS is doing; you guys aren't probably going to compete with or replace V8 or SpiderMonkey on Linux overnight, hence why getting a working Node port is a good first step of presumably many. Regardless, this is definitely an interesting step; it would be really trippy if I end up using an entire MS stack on my Linux desktop, but it appears that might be a legit possibility. It upsets me at how completely unsurprised I am about this. At this point, I've kind of started taking for granted that corporations in America depend on child labor. I almost never eat out...2-3 times a week seems kind of high to me. Then again, restaurants in New York are kind of pricey. I live with my wife. Eating out together will end up costing around 30 bucks, vs $5-6 eating in and cooking. I find eating out while single is ok, it just doesn't scale well if you're paying for multiple people. I think it's very cool that Postgres didn't just post some long thing about Uber saying "they're using it wrong omg!!!" and instead address the problems, understand their decision, and move on. I think that's very cool, there's clearly a good team working on this DB. Isn't that basically what a recruiter does? Every time I've dealt with a recruiter, they've done the salary haggling for me. EDIT: I should point out that that's what they do in regards to full-time W2 work, not contract. I'm surprised you didn't use a functional language like Haskell or OCaml or Rust to do this, since the article talks about love for functional programming. I'm not criticizing Go at all, it's just not really a functional language. I agree, except what I generally tell a recruiter what I want for a job before an offer has even been made, and I usually work with multiple at once. It gives me some haggling power without being the one who has to haggle directly. This gets into semi-philosophical territory. Fifteen years ago, if my phone was stolen, that sucked, but that was basically the end of that. I buy a new phone, and move on with my life. Nowadays if a phone is stolen, they have to have access to my email, passwords, and effectively my entire identity, and it appears that that is exactly what's happening. Phones are awesome, but I think I'd rather lose an eight-hundred-dollar phone than have someone get access to my email. I don't really want to be "that guy", but can there by some marker or something indicating that this is behind a paywall? I'm sorry to upset you. I was unaware that this was a feature. You misread my comment. I said that they have to have , because apparently I like ambiguous wording. Regardless, I'm not disagreeing with you, I was just stating that the problem stated in the article wouldn't have happened fifteen years ago Gah, I'm one of those people. Maybe that's why I don't have any money... I actually didn't know that MP3s had a VBR option...I guess this shows how uncommon it is. I use VBR Ogg whenever I can, and I always thought it was weird that MP3 didn't have support for that feature. I guess I was (as always) a bit ignorant :D. I'm always in favor of things being open-sourced, but I do kind of wonder in what universe I would use PowerShell when Bash is readily available. I actually use Zsh most of the time, but my point is that pretty much every Linux box has Bash at this point, so I'm a bit curious what Powershell has to offer. I'm not in any way trying to undermine the research here, but I feel like it's a bit disingenuous to use the term "could" in your description. Batteries are a difficult thing to engineer, and all this does is provide fodder for the 24-hour-news-cycle to give false hope. I had assumed that I had done a bit too much tinkering and broke something. I'm glad to know that for once something didn't break due to my incompetence :D In Emacs' case, it bothered me until I discovered you can compile everything (including your `.emacs` file) and have it boot a lot faster. AFAIK, there's no equivalent in Atom yet. I used NixOS for about six months, and while I think the core of NixOS is great, but I never liked KDE and how much it kind of forces it on you. Gnome support is kind of horrible, and it felt like I either had to commit to something incredibly low-level like XMonad, or KDE. I mean, the Live-CD has KDE running by default, so I kind of assumed that was the standard. I agree; Snowden, whether you agree or not, was doing something he thought was right. He wasn't just trying to extort data and sell it. I don't disagree, but I know that the issue is divisive; my point is that his intentions were clearly pure regardless. I'm actually reasonably certain that the New York Times vs United State indicated that newspapers are completely within their rights to publish this information: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_Times_Co._v._United_S... And there's a slight difference; government employees (including the military) are paid by the taxpayer, and government operations (such as military strikes) are also tax-funded, and a degree of transparency is supposed to come with that. If the government was a for-profit entity, you might have a point, but at least right now, it (officially) is public, and the above case and FOIA are there because of it. I understand that there are cases where the government cannot release stuff to the public, and I'm not disputing that Manning overstepped her bounds, but I don't think it's naive to expect some degree of transparency from public , ( not private) entities. The part I find especially frustrating is that, on average, a New Yorker has a lower carbon footprint than the typical American, probably due to the heavy use of the train. So even when I do the (I think) eco-friendly thing by not having a car and using public transit, I'm still being punished for what the rest of the US (and the rest of the world) does. Well, considering that I get my power from a combination of Nuclear and wind power, I doubt that I give a particularly high carbon footprint. But you're not wrong, I almost certainly have a higher footprint than most of the third world. I guess what I was getting at is that I think the levels New York has are substantially more sustainable than the rest of the US. Sorry for the confusion. Government intervention could conceivably work. In the same way that we were able to get rid of the hole in the ozone layer by imposing restrictions on CFCs, couldn't governments give tax incentives and impose regulations that encourage a greener, more sustainable system? I don't know really what you're arguing. I don't think that the poster was suggesting that we go back to the flintstones-age, and I'm sure he/she was appreciative of the work that's been done in the past, but that in no way deters from the fact that current and future generations are going to have to do a lot of cleanup from the past generations. It's not terribly hard to find data on NYC's carbon footprint per capita: http://www.eia.gov/environment/emissions/state/analysis/ From the article: "New York, with a population of 19.6 million people, had the lowest per capita CO2 emissions – 8 mt per capita. A large portion of the population is located in the New York City metropolitan area where mass transit is readily available and most residences are multi-family units that provide efficiencies of scale in terms of energy for heating and cooling." That's a fair point and I'll admit I hadn't considered that. Conceivably, we could make electric (or something) transportation systems that can travel across the world and not produce and CO2, but we certainly haven't gotten there yet. I think this is incredibly cool. 75% of this planet is difficult/impossible to live on; why not use it for a clean form of energy? I'll admit that I didn't think windmills would ever catch on, but I'm very happy to be wrong here. I didn't know that they were so prevalent, though I suppose that I shouldn't be surprised; my current energy plan does a wind-offset thing right now. I thought the consensus at this point was that "windmill" basically meant "wind turbine", at least colloquially, in the same way that a "battery" really should be called a "cell". I had figured there were technical limitations and my question wasn't meant as "why don't they get off their lazy asses and do it" but more of a "I think it'd be really cool if we figured out how to put them all over the ocean", though I realize now how my wording could be confusing. I would so love it for the US to adopt them more, but we have reality-star presidential candidates that are telling us their an eyesore with huge applause. In my particular case, it wasn't meant to be offensive or dismissive at all; I think wind turbines are very cool. cough That's kind of why I feel like Haskell is a superior language to most others. Yeah, as someone who gets to use F# fairly regularly, actually, it's a substantial improvement in the LOC department compared to Java or C#. I don't find it quite as reliable as something like Haskell (do to the fact that you don't have to be explicit about side-effects), but it's definitely better than most languages. I ran FreeNAS for a couple years. It's tremendously nice, and what I recommend for nearly anyone who want to have a personal cloud. I love the way the Linus interviews. He always has this attitude of "I appreciate the questions, but I'd rather be working or something". This deserves all the upvotes. You saved me a trip to eBay. I'm pretty glad that torrents have started to break out of the "it's only for warez" stereotype. It's a useful technology, regardless of what made it popular. Oh, I know that programmers and hackers and whatnot knew torrents were cool; I'm talking about non-technical people. For example, until fairly recently, if I mentioned a "torrent" to my non-technical mom, she would assume I meant ThePirateBay or something like that. Nowadays, she knows it as just another means to download files. That's a fair point; I guess what I was trying to get at is that when I worked for NYU, I think it would have been an incredibly tough sell to use torrents in any capacity, because of the stigma of piracy. However, I think if I were to pitch it now, there would be serious consideration. I totally agree; what really bothers me about current OS's is that they all depend on something centralized, so if, for example, Canonical went broke, I wouldn't be able to install new packages on my Ubuntu laptop. I'm aware that you can swap out the PPAs as needed, but I would really like something distributed and decentralized. I completely forgot about GunZ doing that. I guess I was wrong; torrents have been taken seriously for awhile :D What I find amusing about this is that raw receives are actually kind of frowned upon in the Erlang community, but the creator is still using them, and the language is still kind of beautiful and cool. This isn't in any way to talk negative about Joe Armstrong or Erlang, but more to show how cool the language is: even non-idiomatic code scales and is wonderful. I was about to comment that: how exactly is this useful? In New York, there's not a lot of places you could fly that aren't over a person unrelated to flight? Does this give some kind of referral incentive? I honestly didn't know that AOO was still updated, as I've really not seen anyone use it in the last three years. Upon re-trying it out right now, it actually seems perfectly fine...I kind of wonder why no one uses it. PCI Compliance is kind of arbitrary. I once worked for a company that kept all their passwords in plain text, and still managed to get compliance. I was just an intern at the time, and I still thought that was kind of weird, especially since this was around 2011 and not the mid-90's. I don't know that that's true; there's nothing that would stop the antibacterial soap companies putting out advertisements that explained why the government is wrong, similar to what happened with vitamin supplements in the 90s. I feel like the ease in which developers can make applications for a new system plays a pretty vital role in that system's success. For example, the Sega Saturn (from my understanding) was ridiculously hard to program for, and consequently a lot of the games for it were objectively worse than their PlayStation counterparts (with some exceptions). My point here is that if Ubuntu wants to compete, I think it's incredibly smart to make it approachable for devs to just jump right in; I know the entire experience isn't polished right now as evidenced by this article, but it doesn't look insurmountable, and I'm optimistic. "Some groups, such as men and adults with less education, as well as ethnic and racial minorities, were especially unlikely to receive any treatment for their depressive symptoms" I know that when I was making less money and had worse insurance, I never have even considered getting any kind of treatment for my depression. Me feeling bad and hating everything was something I felt I could deal with, and it took a low priority over pretty much everything else. That's what I mean! We're only now getting to a point where people really know how to take full advantage of multi(core/processor) systems and are given nice frameworks in which to do so; in the mid-90's I'm pretty sure that that was a really difficult task! I almost never actually use wget...I have an alias set in my bash config that translates `wget` to `curl -O`. I'm not entirely sure why I do that, actually...I think I was trying to impress someone by how few dependencies I had like four years ago and it stuck. For a second, I thought you were directly addressing a guy named "Benjamin"... That's a horrible story, very much "not with a bang, but a whimper". This is pretty rad. I've used Neovim for a few months now, but I always wanted to keep using the "official" editor due to it's support on pretty much every OS. Async is basically the reason I used NeoVim, so it feels good to come back. I do feel that there should be some kind of FAQ about that somewhere on HN. Something like "The Wall Street Journal and the Telegraph paywalls can be avoided by Googling the article name or clicking 'web'" would be useful for getting rid of the people commenting about the paywall. I'm reasonably certain I've written JSON-parsing logic in Haskell that's substantially smaller than this. I find the entire law on this to be pretty nebulous. Torrent sites inherently don't host the files people are stealing. I'm curious what the performance would be if it were ported to Haskell or OCaml. It almost certainly would be slower than Rust, but I think some benchmarks would definitely be interesting when comparing those languages to Go. There's a pretty good Frontline about this...I didn't see this fact listed in the article, but another huge problem is that it's generally not profitable for big medicine corporations to research new antibiotics, which means that for the time-being, we're stuck with our current regime. These animations always remind me of something you'd see in Monty Python by Terry Gilliam. This looks pretty sexy. Are there atomicity guarantees? I don't know that anyone says that they won't; I don't think anyone is saying "and we should just use this willy-nilly", but that it solves a particular problem we're dealing with now. I totally agree though; there definitely needs to be reform with our use of antibiotics, because if we don't, we're going to be stuck with another gram-negative-esque problem. Well I think this is very cool. I actually have a project in mind that I think might benefit; I'll look to see if I can use Upscale. Just to avoid possible shitposting, you might want to put a (2013) in the title. I was relatively certain that the term "shitposting" was more or less the official term for posting BS comments on the internet. I apologize if I offended your sensibilities, as that wasn't my intention. First off, it's not "smacktalk", because I wasn't insulting anyone. I was warning the person who posted the article that smacktalk, or "shitposting" as I referred to it, might happen if you don't put a "(2013)" at the end. Second off, I apologized for offending you, and despite you denying it, it clearly was offensive to you since you called it "low brow". But I've learned my lesson; I'm getting enough downvotes now, I'm glad that the community has decided that certain words aren't allowed. Ok, I appreciate the use of the word "cromulent", being a fan of the classic Simpsons. I am no longer mad at you; you've embiggened my heart. At the very least, the Raspberry Pi has a much lower power footprint, so even it's overkill, it's still probably better than a C64, at least in this one particular case. That said, I think the C64 thing is pretty neat, so I can't really knock it. While I don't support harassment in any way, isn't it an inevitability when posting something on a public forum? I've gotten plenty of comments telling me to "kill myself", despite being a male and despite being an adult. I'm not saying that my level of harassment is comparable to that of a young lady coder, but I am saying that it's not exclusive to any one demographic. I'm not entirely sure why I'm getting downvotes for this, but I guess I've had a knack for that in the last couple days. With any luck I'll lose my downvoting privileges soon. I didn't say we should "accept" anything, and I don't endorse harassment of anyone, and I'd greatly prefer people didn't tell to go "kill themselves" (a commonly cited case of harassment). That said, it's not like it's a big secret that jerks exist on the internet. Anyone who posts something publicly should expect some hate. I'm not saying it's right, I'm not saying it's fair, and I'm not saying I agree with it, but you'd have to be insane to deny it happens. I don't think it happens quite as much to males, but it certainly does happen to males still. Yeah, I mean, it's just incredibly hard to go on Wikipedia and look up "gcj". All I got was this extremely informative page about an open source java compiler: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Compiler_for_Java . Vim or Emacs? :trollface: But seriously, I'm tremendously curious about the use for this with video processing. Has there been any good benchmarks with that? This is a bit of a dumb question; when do you feel your site is going to be back up? I would actually rather like to buy a Parallella... I'm reasonably sure it does a UDP hole punch to do it. I feel like the semicolon-period thing of Erlang is only really frustrating for the first day you're using it. After that, I actually found it to be a fairly natural syntax, and had little trouble switching between it and JS. I don't fully know why people are so anti-nuclear in general. I'll be the first to admit that wind and solar are what society should aim for, but I don't full that, with our current implementations of them, that they're quite ready for a 7-billion-people level of energy needs. I feel like nuclear could be a good way to get us using (relatively) clean energy and get people using electric vehicles in the relatively short-term. I've been looking for an excuse to play with Coq ( cough ) for awhile now. A new release is as good an excuse as any I suppose. Does anyone know how this compares to something like Idris? I think that the Go team worked very hard to make something that programmers actually like using. Yes, it is annoying to do a lot of `check if err is nil`, but at the same time, exception handling is something that can be esoteric, whilst it's trivial to see what your example does. I also feel like there has been a lot of emphasis put on keeping the APIs consistent, which is something that a lot of developers will tell you makes PHP a nightmare sometimes. I've always really liked how the Submariner looks, and apparently so did everyone else, because there are about two billion different varieties of homages to it. While I have no doubt that the Rolex is well-engineered, it's hard for me to believe it's literally a hundred times better than my Invicta Pro Diver, and I won't feel too bad if my Invicta gets stolen...Most people just assume I'm wearing a Rolex. That said, if I had a lot of spare cash I'd probably end up buying a legit Submariner, and if I were eccentric enough, the Paul Newman variety of the Daytona. This is cool, though part of the reason I like things like Hulu Plus is that I don't have to worry about commercials, and it's literally a third of the price. I do find it interesting though; Youtube/Google is taking all the steps to be the next Time Warner or Comcast it seems. I wonder if this proves that that industry isn't impossible to break into. I'm not asking to troll or be annoying, but couldn't we conceivably have LCDs in the future that have really high refresh rates? I'm not saying this year or anything, but is there a technical limitation to the max refresh rate to LCD? About four years ago I moved all of my personal computers away from proprietary operating systems, with most of my laptops running Linux, and one running PC-BSD. PC-BSD is very good, but there are some weird quirks compared to Linux. For example, I have still never really figured out how to get my screen-brightness to adjust properly, and none of my laptops' integrated WiFi seem to work out of the box with any BSD. The latter problem I have been able to solve by cheap USB wifi dongle, and the the former I just haven't solved since this laptop doesn't need a particularly good battery anyway. However, there are some nice perks to having a system that runs on ZFS. Due to its frequently-snapshotting nature, it's much easier to do risky stuff without having to worry about nuking the whole system, since you can always revert to the previous snapshot (kind of like Git). I also have come to really appreciate the ports system, especially after I started doing a lot of stuff with video processing (specifically FFMpeg). Being able to have freshly compiled packages, whilst still having them managed by a package manage (which happily resolves compile-time dependencies), is incredibly useful, and makes it kind of hard to go back to Linux (though I hear Gentoo might be up my alley). Overall, the transition isn't terribly hard, but I wouldn't recommend it if you don't want to get down in the weeds of the system. I enjoy that stuff, and I suspect most of the HN audience does too, so I recommend trying it out. While I do love Btrfs and use it on my Linux laptops, there's more to ZFS than just snapshotting. Raid-Z is a great soft-raid that allows you to lose up to 3 disks (depending on your configuration level), and `zfs send` is really useful for keeping disks synchronized on different machines. I've had pretty good luck on my homebrew FreeNAS server that I ran about a year ago. I only had 8GB of RAM, and I managed to lose drives and replace them without losing data...maybe the bug you had got fixed by the time I used it? Now this server runs on ZFS on Linux using Proxmox, though admittedly I did up the RAM to 32GB. Yeah, wasn't trying to question your setup, I was just doing the HN thing where I have to reply and go into greater detail for ego-related reasons. I actually did not know that Btrfs had a send function, I'll have to play with that on one of my laptops. Org-mode is one of those things that I regret not learning about when I used Emacs full-time. I've had a few friends now show me how it's completely changed their workflow, but since it's not terribly popular in Vim-land (though I am aware there is a port to Vim), I haven't really had a chance to really learn it. I've actually used Spacemacs, but the problem with all these "recreate your Vim setup in another editor" things is that you end up having to redo your entire config. I've had years of custom key-rebindings and tweaks to my `.vimrc` that I don't really feel like redoing for something else. These things fascinate me, and it makes me wonder how close we are to the Gattaca-esque ethical debate. All the same, the fact that we're close to gene editing feels like something our of a SciFi book, and I think that's pretty cool. Man, I'm pretty convinced that Vim macros have single-handedly saved me years of my life. They're so incredibly useful that it's made Vim one of the first things that I install on any machine. I'm a bit confused...what actually happened at Berkeley that warranted this? A very common thing that happens to me is that I have to take big blocks of JSON, and map all the keys and values into something else, like HTML or CSV. Without macros, this traditionally involves a lot of copy-paste-change-stuff repetition. With a Vim macro, I can happily just do this once, assign it to a register, and repeat as needed, and even store it for later reuse if I want. There are also, littler things, like jumping between HTML tags, or bulk-indents. What makes Vim's macros better (in my opinion) that other editor's macros is that fact that they're simply stored in copy-paste registers, meaning that you can have many of them, store in a different file, copy them off the internet, or compose them together. The JetBrains apps actually have a very good Vim plugin, so you could really get the best of both worlds. I view Vim as half-editor, half-editing philosophy. The editor is just an app that I like, but I feel that embracing the philosophy does make me more productive and able to accomplish a lot. APL is a language that confuses the hell out of me, and I hate that. I wish there was more guidance online to using it, since I find the paradigm to be very interesting. This is quite neat. I tend to just fire up the Python or GNU Units whenever I need some quick math, but it's nice to have something rather consolidated. Has anyone here done any production-level stuff with D? I'm debating using it for my next project, but I want to see if it's industry-tested. It's things like this that make me wonder what the world would be like if we had embraced the Church-style Lambda Calculus model instead of the Turing system. I don't know if it would be better or worse, but I think it's an interesting thought experiment. Oh, I just use Units because I'm used to it, and it has always done the job well. I also like that it's self-contained on my computer, instead of requiring a dependency on the outside world. It seems like the law is kind of ambiguous on this ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TrueCrypt#United_States_v._Joh... ), unless my interpretation is completely flawed. I wonder if this will have to go to the Supreme Court at some point. I've been overwhelmingly impressed with Dolphin as of late. Their progress on GameCube games has been particularly impressive; I was able to play through TimeSplitters: Future Perfect recently. After this update, I wonder how long before Nintendo blocks Dolphin traffic. I wonder if RoboVM never really caught on because Swift turned out to be a decent language. I've mostly cut out beef from my diet, but that's mostly because chicken is cheaper and because beef tends to be a bit fattier. Helping against climate change is a nice bonus all the same. The nice thing (at least from my admittedly-fairly-ad-hoc experience) about video processing is that it scales fairly linearly, at least for the basic features. Things like building a scalable transcoding cluster can be made fairly simple ("just add more boxes") using a decent message-queue service. From there, everything is pretty simple HTTP. Of course, this is only the very barebones stuff, and covering all of Youtube's features exhaustively would be quite difficult, and requires some good Machine Learning work. I find these runtime VMs fascinating to ogle at after looking at how Erlang's GC worked. I think you have provided me reading material for this weekend. While I'm definitely not suggesting we replace Curl with a rewrite in Rust (since the current Curl has had decades of good testing and auditing done on it), I am actually very curious how a rewrite in a safer language like Rust, OCaml, Haskell, or Go would fair in comparison in regards to performance and whatnot. If I were ambitious enough, I'd do it myself in Haskell, but I think it'd be too much work for a simpler curiosity. An emulator has been my "bucket-list" ever since I became a software engineer. I still haven't done it...Do you have any good pointers for someone to get started with making an emulator (particularly for someone who works almost exclusively with with server-ey stuff)? If you figure that out, I would love a followup post talking about it. I was always really impressed with that Asterix and Obelix 3D platformer for the system, and I'd really like to see how they pulled that off. - FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop - HEADLINE: A hyper-minimal installation, a la Archbang. - DESCRIPTION: While I love ubuntu, I think I'd like it a bit more if there was a mechanism of having a minimal desktop, with almost nothing installed except a terminal and a GUI (unity is fine). Generally when I install ubuntu, the first thing I do is remove LibreOffice and most of the other pre-installed apps since I have custom stuff that I prefer to us. Honestly, since I'm slightly psychotic about these things, this is a kind of huge to me. Part of the reason I never learned D was because the compiler was partly proprietary. Now I have no excuse to avoid learning the language, and that should be fun. I'm not asking this to troll, I'm genuinely confused...why are drivers ever proprietary? Aren't drivers inherently a loss-leader so that a company can sell hardware? Why not always open up the drivers? This is incredibly cool. BEAM is one of the most fascinating bits of tech to me, particularly its garbage collector. You've given me a bit of reading material for my train-ride for the next few days, so thank you! While I do not fault Canonical at all for these decisions, I find it a little disappointing whenever I am reminded that a Free Software project is under the same constraints as any other company, and as a result needs money. I wish Canonical and the Ubuntu team the best of luck, though I worry that that might not be enough. Well, starting out, at least. TempleOS has enough legitimately interesting ideas that I think could make a genuinely interesting modern OS if given the time. I once added a backdoor to gain full Admin rights (without corporate sign-off) to a site I was building for a relatively large corporation. Though this was only intended for QA and Dev, I forgot to get rid of this backdoor when I deployed to production, and it was shortly found. A lot of the data that had been input was mangled and broken (or just outright deleted) and not backed up, which forced a lot of the creative people to redo several days of work. I was fortunate enough to have a boss was pretty understanding, and I was not fired, though I genuinely felt he would have been justified in doing so. I'm going to assume this is Terry or a troll, though I'll respond with the presumption of Terry will read it. TempleOS is public domain, so I'm well within my legal right to fork it if I'd like. Respect isn't even part of it; anything in the public domain is up for grabs by anyone. I don't feel that adding basic TCP and UDP support would be "pissing all over it"; even the Commodore 64 eventually got basic networking. This is likely to be slightly controversial, but is Amazon running some sort of "Stanford-Prison-Experiment" kind of test on their employees? It seems like about once a month we're seeing some kind of horrific thing being done to their workers that are almost comic-book-supervillain-bad. It's stories like this that make it easy for me to deny the Amazon recruiters when they bother me. Sublime is one of the very few pieces of software I've ever paid for. While I'm traditionally a Vim user, Sublime is a great "paste stuff into for analysis" tool. I am glad that the updates appear fairly regularly now! The performance of OpenCL has generally been fine for me, particularly on AMD GPUs, but I have to say I think CUDA is a lot simpler to work with. OpenCL is one of those things that I never felt fully comfortable working with, but I felt productive in CUDA after a week or two. Granted, I learned them in that order, so it's possible that CUDA got an unfair head-start, but I stand by my initial thesis. Actually, nowadays since I mostly do esoteric functional stuff, I mostly use the wonderful `accelerate` package for Haskell: https://www.stackage.org/package/accelerate It abstracts away most of the difficult stuff. I can't get into the weeds of it because of some NDA chicanery, but there are a couple vector transformations that I have to do on a not-quite-big-data-but-also-too-big-for-regular-CPU set of data. The initial version of the project was doing some basic stuff in Python, but that proved to be slow so I rewrote most of it in Haskell and Accelerate. I don't suggest lying, but there are plenty of times that the "requirements" are really just a suggestion. There's no law saying that they have to call you if they think you're not qualified, and there's no law saying that have to accept you after an interview. When I'm looking for a job, I basically apply to any posting that looks interesting to me. It's things like this that help validate my hypothesis: If you define something in mathematical theory, eventually we'll find some way to use it for modelling something. I've been fascinated by Cellular Automata since I read Wolfram "A New Kind of Science", but I was not overly sold that you could model the universe in the way he described. While I still think he was incredibly over-optimistic about the uses of cellular automata, I do wonder if after a number of years we'll find some more validation in nature. I saw this deck mid-2014, and it single-handedly made me want to learn Erlang. I felt that any system that can handle COD's load is, at the very least, worth checking out. About a year later, I got a job doing Erlang full-time, and OTP is about as good as that slideshow indicated...So, if anyone at Demonware is reading this...Thank you! You introduced me to my second great love (after my wife)! The Cowboy webserver is fairly easy to get started with and I really recommend checking it out, since a web server feels like a "very Erlang problem" to me. To answer your question though, I got started by playing with TCP and building a basic chat server. I spawned a new Erlang process for each user, used Erlang's internal messaging to share messages between processes, and then passed those messages along to TCP to the user. A basic rule of thumb on whether or not it's a good Erlang problem is seeing if you can visualize the problem in terms of a bunch of tiny, self contained things (like cells), and you don't want one of those cells failing to have any risk of breaking anything else. I sadly do not have access to that code anymore. I wrote a basic MVC framework using the aforementioned Cowboy server early last year though: https://github.com/Tombert/Frameworkey-Erlang ... Keep in mind I've gotten a lot better since I wrote this! I would agree with you, except I really do feel like NeoVim has fixed nearly every big problem I've had with Vim. There were definitely hackey things you had to do with regular Vim, but NeoVim adds a much better interface for plugins and lets you use whatever languages you'd like for making plugins...Not to mention that it has had proper async support for years now, much before regular Vim got it. Using NeoVim, I can still do all my work in the terminal with tmux, and have the interface that I'm familiar with. Sublime is a great editor, and I use it as a quick little "paste-buffer", but I don't really feel I'm as productive with it as I am with my NeoVim + tmux combo. The tab-autocomplete when you hit the ":" key gives out written suggestions. All the plugins you know and love with Vim should work, and you can write new plugins in virtually language. New features tend to reach NeoVim faster than with regular Vim; most notably async support. NeoVim used the XDG system for configs, so it doesn't pollute your home folder with a bunch of dotfiles. And this might just be in my head, but I just feel like the entire system is a bit snappier and runs faster. ===== EDIT: ==== falcolas pointed out that I was mistaken on the first point: > The tab-autocomplete when you hit the ":" key gives out written suggestions. That appears to be in regular Vim. Looks like I lied (or was using an old version of Vim a few years ago). I just tried it on my machine and got the tab autocomplete with written suggestions in both Vim and NeoVim. My bad! This reminds me a lot of the (I think) very underrated YaCy project: http://yacy.net/en/index.html I know there are a ton of technical reasons why this is difficult, but web-scraping and the like always seemed like a problem that could be done fairly elegantly with distributed systems. Mostly what I want is the ease of "writing a function as a callback and deploy it". Jet.com is almost exclusively F# at this point, at least for any of the backend systems. This is crazy...I wonder how long it'll take for this to be a feature in something like After Effects. Can someone tell me what makes "real" Amiga so wonderful that it's worth paying $1500 for an objectively outdated computer? What does legit Amiga do that something like, for example, AROS doesn't do? I definitely think that, when it was released, Amiga was ahead of its time, at least compared to the equivalently priced Mac and DOS/early-windows systems. I just feel that the system hasn't really kept up since commodore left the picture. I totally understanding the beauty of the system; what I don't understand why they don't move to something like AROS, which is open source and runs on (substantially) cheaper hardware. It's a bit trippy to look at that picture, and realize that literally everything I know exists in that one little spec. It's cosmically humbling. Erlang itself is pretty hard to find work in, though not impossible. That said, it's an interesting platform that is a lot of fun, and its concepts can be applied to a lot of different platforms. Its inherent "treat everything as a self-contained service" turns out to be a fairly useful way to structure applications. It'll never happen (due to a lack of any formal on-paper education), but my ideal career would be me researching new things that are interesting to me in regards to math and programming. I'd love to research news things in the Join and Pi process calculi (and other interesting things with distributed computing) and write papers in LaTeX and whatnot; honestly, the more theoretical, the better. Sadly, I think those jobs are mostly reserved for people who went through academic programs and have a bunch of letters after their name, so I stick around in the land of pragmatism. I'm not sure I have the mental tenacity to stick with a degree program for 8 years. Knowing how I am, I would probably do well enough in the actual courses directly related to the major, but become disinterested and do poorly in everything else. I am not saying that people are wrong for requiring these credentials, I'm just saying that that's what precludes me from a research job. I like Mosh, but it's one of those programs that's "insufficiently better" for me to use, especially since it doesn't implement all the features of ssh. For that, just running my stuff in tmux is generally sufficient. Software patents historically have been awarded for incredibly vague, "could-apply-to-nearly-anything" systems. As a result, there have been a lot of abuses of software patents by companies, both big and small. I actually have always wondered what the "alternate universe" would be like if Franklin had won the case. Do you think that software patents wouldn't be abused? Do you think another kind of abuse would form in its place? For me, I started reading a lot more when I moved to New York and started taking the subway everywhere. Public transit makes a good excuse to read, since I find it a rather difficult place to do "real" work, but there's also a lot of downtime. Also, despite what this article says, I found that purchasing a Kindle really made reading a lot less of a chore. I have a basic script I wrote that uses inotify and commits on every save. Then I can easily just use the interactive rebase and squash commits together and have a clean history. Yes, every save. The commit message is a timestamp and the file touched, which is usually enough for me to figure out what I did there, making the squashing relatively straightforward. This isn't as bad as it sounds because git has tools built in to handle merging commits together and deleting unwanted commits through `git rebase -i` It seems like every month or so on HN there's a new Amiga post, and this has resulted in me becoming slightly obsessed with the machine (even though I never had one as a kid since they weren't terribly popular in the US). Learning the assembly sounds like it could be a fun weekend project, so thank you! I've read a lot of places that say "Plan 9 is basically a better Unix", but I'm not entirely sure why. Can someone explain what made Plan-9 special? I'm not asking in a passive aggressive sense, I genuinely want to know. FreeNAS 10 single-handedly made me change my NAS box to a bit of a home-built solution with Proxmox. If they've fixed most of the issues I had with it, I might consider going back, since I tend to prefer BSD over Linux. I use spaces because literally every single time I've tried to propose tabs I get yelled at by someone... I generally prefer tabs, but I prefer having coworkers that don't complain more. I tend to agree, but aren't most of the new hot languages whitespace sensitive? Are there formatters for those kinds of languages? Haskell is (slowly)growing in popularity, and F# is whitespace sensitive, and these are (for better or worse), the only languages I touch nowadays. I suppose that maybe none of the really popular languages follow this though...my bad. There has been a bit of friction on that very point...Now we just agree on "four spaces all over the place". I know for a fact that an auto-formatter like `gofmt` or something would have avoided at least one argument, so it would probably would make the code better in some respects. That said, I like the whitespace. I like that it forces you to think about how the code is formatted and it tends to make the code a lot less verbose. I would say good tooling really lowers the barrier of entry for these things. Things like good editor integrations (such as being able to see the type under the cursor, or highlight errors inline) and a package manager make things a million times easier for a developer to get started on this. I'm not entirely sure how to do the package management , as that's kind of a religious argument, but it's relatively easy to make basic Vim/NeoVim, Emacs, or Atom integrations, which I think would make a lot more people be willing to check it out. I am nearly positive that the tooling that came with Go is a pretty big reason for its success. +1 to this. The most important part of any job for me is "do I feel like I'm smarter at the end of the day because of this job?" I had a job at an advertising agency, which, by most objective measures was a pretty decent job. However, I felt like about 95% of my work was "copy-paste, tweak-slightly". Eventually it got to a point where I wrote a script that could generate most of my work, and I realized that it was time to move on. What is the best path for my wife, who was brought here illegally when she was 8 and is here semi-legally because of DACA, to go about getting a green card and/or citizenship? I am personally a US citizen. I love Pass, but the problem I've had is that I always feel like I have to spend a bunch of time setting it up when I'm on Windows. I understand it's the standard UNIX password manager, so I suppose I don't have a ton of room to complain, and most of my computers are Mac or Linux, so it's not a huge deal, but I think it increases the barrier of entry a ton of people. That said, I think Pass is awesome, and having my passwords stored in Github makes me really happy. Web Browser: Firefox Email Client: Evolution Terminal: Gnome Terminal IDE: No IDE by default. Most users aren't developers File manager: Files/Nautilus Basic Text Editor: Atom IRC/Messaging Client: Nothing, let user install their own. PDF Reader: Evince Office Suite: I don't really like it, but LibreOffice is probably the best option right now. Personally, I'd almost prefer an option to just have LaTeX and TeXStudio pre-installed. Calendar: No Preference Video Player: VLC Music Player: VLC Photo Viewer: No preference Screen recording: No preference I don't use it much personally, since I'm basically married to Vim, I just like it better than Gedit, and sublime text is proprietary. You're probably right though, an electron app is a bit heavy. These articles always make me appreciate the work that must go into something like SDL or OpenGL and the like. It's easy to take these things for granted, but if this is the stuff that they have to make everything work, then I have to give some props and respect to the authors. If I knew anything about kernel or operating design, I would try and port this over to the Nexus 6. Is the developing community for PostmarketOS amenable to newbies in that space? I implemented a Paillier encryption library in Clojure a few months back (which I am currently unable to open-source due to an NDA), and in researching it, I was astounded by the elegance of some of these schemes. I really hope that HE research continues and becomes the standard in the near-ish future. Whenever I get a free couple weekends, I want to port IBM's HELib to Clojure, so that I can more easily use it for a Java project. It was just a proof of concept thing for a hackathon, hardly industry-grade, but was quite fun to write. The crypto code was quite fun to write in Clojure; literally yesterday I just got permission to open source it. If you want to play with it, the code is available here: https://github.com/tombert/scudlib Since I have the ability work on it in my free time, I'll probably add more schemes. I took a bit of time learning how to use Vim macros a few years ago, and then never envied SublimeText programmers again. The fact that I could compose and store the macros meant that I can effectively augment the editor without having to muck about with Python, Vimscript, or Emacs Lisp. Oh, I wasn't trying to say that you can't do that in Emacs, I just never learned how to use them. I wasn't trying to knock Emacs macros in this case, I was just saying that once I learned Vim macros, I realized that it eliminated a lot of my previous cases where I had to muck about with the editor's scripting language. About a year and a half ago, I was on the verge of bankruptcy; the company I had worked for went bankrupt, costing me my last three paychecks, I had no job offers on the table, and after about a month of looking for a job with almost no money, I became behind in rent and my landlord drafted a lawsuit against me to sue me for back rent. I pay for my wife's school, but I had to ask her to take a semester off because I had no money in my name, and my credit card was maxed out. All of this was exacerbated by the fact that I had to fly to Seattle for an interview with Amazon, and even though they reimbursed me for expenses, I didn't have even have enough money in my bank account to pay the pre-charge on the hotel they got me, and had to lie to the hotel staff and claim that my credit card got stolen at the airport. I was incredibly depressed at this point, so I swallowed my pride and asked my father-in-law for a loan to pay my back rent, and eventually found a new job that I've been at ever since. I quickly paid back my father in law, and slightly-less-quickly paid off my credit card. I now keep my balance on my card incredibly low, to the point where it's now basically a glorified debit card. I also started paying half my rent every two weeks (synchronized with my paycheck), instead of the lump sum at the end of the month, since I realized it makes it a lot easier to budget when you do that. That was a rough time for me, but there was a bit of good that came out of it; I finally learned how important it was to manage and save money properly, and to stay ahead of bills before they get the chance to pile up. Lisp is one of those languages that, once I learned it (Clojure in my case), I started wondering why every language wasn't more like it. Once you get used to the parentheses and whatnot, it's actually an incredibly beautiful language that gives you the ability to augment the language without waiting for updates via its elegant macro system. This is amazing; a couple years ago, I was denied a job at Equifax due to "inexperience". Maybe I was inexperienced, but I kind of learned that you don't stick with the default passwords for everything pretty early on. I'm a bit confused; isn't Android basically them getting into the OS market? Electron has always kind of felt like a prototyping tool to me. It's great for rapidly developing desktop apps, but it feels like once you get a product you want to distribute, you should use a more performant GUI library like Qt. I definitely have issue with the fact that so many papers are behind Paywalls, and I don't really have a problem with SciHub, since I think research should be open, but don't most of the major professional organizations/communities give you a Spotify-like access to papers? I know my ACM membership, which is ~$200 a year has given me access to a ton of compsci papers. Maybe ACM is the exception on this? Oh, I figured that that was the case; it's easier to make desktop apps with Electron, so it's attractive to companies because they can hire JS developers, which are almost certainly cheaper than Cocoa/Qt/GTK+/Whatever-Windows-Uses-Now developers. They're able to deliver a good-enough product with Electron, and don't really see it as a prototyping tool. I've not personally used Vault, but Hashicorp's other products like Consul and Nomad are solid pieces of technology, so I would guess Vault is too. Since most jobs will do a basic credit check, including government jobs if I remember correctly, shouldn't we consider making an official governmental credit-reporting agency? It seems weird that we've decided we should put all of our financial future in the hands of three large corporations. You want to put lawyers in jail because they advocate a "bad law"? It was congress and the president who actually voted for it and signed it into practice, and it was the cops' selective enforcement that is the bigger problem. How on earth did you extract "lawyers are awful" from this? What has always sold me on Vim is the fact that you can "compose" key commands, and as a result, you effectively can build your own commands. For example, the `d` key begins the `delete` action, the `i` key means `inner` (or `current`) and `w` means `word`. From that, you can deduce that `diw` deletes the current word. I figured that command out myself, among many other ones, and that only works because of the composable nature of Vim's modal editing. Vim's macro system is also rather amazing, IMO. I haven't used Atom much, so I don't know if it's comparable, but I will usually set up several macros and compose them together to do mass edits of things. I had no idea that the dude who made QEMU also made ffmpeg. Those are two of my favorite apps...I should buy that guy a pizza. I use Consul at work, and I do like it, but I have to ask a kind of obvious question; why would I use Consul over something that's more industry-standard like Zookeeper? I'm not asking this passive aggressively, I mostly want to know what features it adds over a vanilla Zookeeper setup. I love Haskell for its type system, but I gotta say that I feel I accomplish about 10x as much with Clojure than I do with it. Being able to quickly beam over my code from Vim to the REPL, and seeing my changes happen in real-time is so incredibly valuable, and I personally feel that Clojure's concurrency is a lot easier to grok than Haskell's. I also feel that Clojure's tooling is a lot nicer than most languages, and especially Haskell; Leiningen is very easy to use and Fireplace is a really simple and nice plugin for Vim. I can't speak for anyone else, but I feel around season 12 is when it started getting really annoying with the celebrity cameos. The NSYNC episode was so horrendous that it actually made me stop watching with regularity, and it felt like after that too many episodes were just means in which to showcase some celebrity (e.g The Rolling Stones, Tony Hawk, Weird Al). Please forgive some ignorance here, but I thought that LISP couldn't have a proper type system since it would muck with homoiconicity. Clearly I'm wrong about this, but now I'm curious why more LISPs aren't typed. Can anyone here enlighten me? I think that I got confused based on some post talking about difficulties of implementing a Hindley Milner type system in Lisp. So much for relying on three-year-old memories. I'm not super familiar with the law in this area, but doesn't AMD+Intel teaming up get into antitrust territory? The x86 architecture still basically has a monopoly on the desktop, laptop, and server space. Could someone a bit more familiar in this area elaborate? As an autodidact, I really appreciate that the big "brand-name" universities do this. MIT OpenCourseware and the free Stanford lectures have been so incredibly valuable in making me an at-least-half-decent engineer. I've written a Scheme interpreter a few years back, but never a compiler, so this should be a pretty fun time-dump for the weekends. Would any official ruling require the use of a Judge monad? About three years ago, I decided that I was going to build my own browser from scratch, and I thought it would be really easy to implement as long as I strictly followed the web standards. Within a few minutes, I got stuck with the fact that I could not get any performance out of even a simple attempt at a CSS engine. After about three days of mucking with that, I gave up on the project, and gained a lot more respect for Mozilla. Heh, bad wording; I should say that I had performance problems within a few minutes. I did eventually get something that kind of worked, but that took about a day, and still suffered performance issues, probably because I had no idea what the hell I was doing (and still don't, really) Yeah, a really crappy one that parsed a CSS file using Bison, and could change text colors, background colors, and position things based on pixels (no em or %). I never got around to implementing class support, but I did allow targeting an element via ID. I did this in C++ for some reason, and used Xerces to parse the XML, and I used Allegro to render everything. If I were to try and make this now, I probably would not use a rendering system designed for games, but I was naive back then. I'll have to look to see if I can find the old files on my NAS; if I can I'll put it on Github. Maybe I'm just a bit silly and not seeing it, but what does this give you over Postman? While I completely understand why this is being done, it feels bizarre to me. Since I was 11 years old, AIM was one of those universal constants to me, not radically different than death or taxes in my mind. I will really miss the fad of `xXxXmYcOoLsCrEeNaMexXx`, and the cheesy-yet-charming profiles and away messages. AIM, I sollute you farewell. Without you, I wouldn't have as many good memories of my teens, and I wouldn't have the nickname "tombert" I remember hearing about Haxe about 5 years ago, put it on my list of things to learn, and then forgot about it since I don't do web frontend anymore. This article's praise of it might be a good excuse to install it and try again. Damnit HN, why must you repeatedly post things that are destined to steal all my free weekends. This seems pretty awesome; this might be a cheaper alternative to 3d printing for certain scenarios. That's what I was thinking too; If I do 1 / 3, then of course it will have to truncate, and integration errors would still be inevitable. I know that there are probably a billion technical hurdles for this, but in my perfect universe, CPUs would all be FPGA based; at that point, couldn't updates be almost as simple as a software update? I know that laws of physics kind of preclude this idea, but a guy can dream. Yeah, hence my "laws of physics" thing at the end. I am just saying that it would be interesting if that was something reasonable to do. Honestly, whenever I've wanted to teach people how to get into programming, I usually just try and teach them the "real" tools for it; something like Unity or Scirra Construct is powerful enough to actually make something commercial, but simple enough to get started that it's not super intimidating (in my opinion). While it's (rightfully) lambasted nowadays, I actually feel like Flash was a good way to get started as well, since it's a lot more interactive than opening up Vim and writing C++. That said, as a grown-up I quite like these "intro-to-programming" kits for myself. I spent more hours making little toys in Pico-8, eventually leading to a simple raycasting engine. This is just my opinion, but as someone who has actually worked full-time with Haskell (though admittedly not since 2015), I think a lot of the problem is due to Haskell's awful error messages and, for most of its life, awful tooling. When a newbie starts using Haskell, they are immediately put off by the fact that the messages are...esoteric to say the least; weird things of `result a0, expected [b0]`, can be offputting, and make things like F# a much more attractive option. Also, I feel like, until Intero, editor integration with ghcmod was incredibly difficult to set up, and fairly easy to break, to a point where I eventually uninstalled it. Cabal, while certainly interesting, would end up in weird scenarios where dependencies wouldn't resolve correctly, resulting in "cabal hell". Stack has greatly improved on all of these points, and hopefully Haskell catches on a bit more, because despite my criticisms, I do think it's a fantastic language and platform. You just highlighted how out of practice I am with Haskell...I need to fix that! I think I will play with HIE this weekend. I definitely think Stack is excellent, and greatly reduces the cost-of-entry for new devs, and it's only getting better, so Haskell is far from hopeless. I'm actually not entirely sure how I learned how to program (I'm self-taught); I doubt it was just "one magic thing", but I am a big believer in the "learning-by-doing" approach for this kind of stuff. If I recall, I think the thing that made everything stick was me reading through one of those "Sams: Teach Yourself C in blah days", then downloading Code::Blocks and making a very simple OpenGL application involving bouncing boxes (which happened to coincide with the physics class I was taking). I remember using that book for reference for when my code wasn't compiling, but I found it difficult to derive "some example where I calculate a Fibonacci sequence" to "making cool stuff like a game" without just ditching the book and trying it. tl;dr, I somewhat agree with this article. You have to figure this stuff out for yourself to really "understand" it and become a good programmer. It's a language , after all. You don't just learn French by reading one intro-to-french book. One of my go-to projects for learning a new language is implementing Conway's Game of Life (while trying my best to follow the idioms of the language). I feel that project is easy enough to not get terribly frustrating, but not entirely trivial, forcing you to think a bit about how you are going to structure it. When I was first learning C, I wondered the point of macros; especially with inline functions. It wasn't until I taught myself Racket and Clojure a few years later that I realized the utility, and it was immediately one of those "the world is different now" moments; I could actually augment the language without having to contribute to the core compiler. I cannot speak for anyone else, but what you described is very similar to what I went through for most of my life. It felt like there would be periods where I would be so adverse to any kind of work, and look for any possible reason to push it off or do nothing, and spend the rest of the day on Reddit or HN. Eventually I started seeing a psychiatrist, and he diagnosed me as manic depressive, with possibly a case of ADD. He prescribed me a combination of Lamictal and Wellbutrin (the latter of which is also prescribed occasionally for ADD), and I can honestly say that it has changed my life. I used to think that I was just lazy, and maybe I was, but I am certainly not anymore. My job has been a lot easier to do, I don't look for excuses to spend all day on Reddit, and my life has simply been better. I feel like a recurring theme I find in Idris (though keep in mind it's just something I play with every now and then, not something I use with any kind of regularity) is that it has this "feels like Haskell, but less frustrating and cleaner" quality. I feel like I make less dumb mistakes while using it, and it gives me pretty much all the stuff I love about Haskell. You of course have the relatively simple effects system (as mentioned),, but you also have the ability to use `do` notation without being in the monad context, and eager evaluation, which I find makes my program simpler to reason about. I feel a bit silly that, for most of my life, I figured that I could eat whatever I wanted all the time, never exercise, and live a mostly unhealthy lifestyle, and it wouldn't affect my brain. I've never believed in a mind-body separation, so the fact that it took me 25 years to figure out that there might be some effect is quite silly; the brain is an organ, and like anything else in your body, and if you don't take care of your body, it will be affected. The good news is that I realized this early enough and try and eat a bit healthier (though admittedly I don't exercise as much as I should). I'm no nutritionist, so I can't speak with any kind of authority; I've mostly just cut out fried food entirely, as well as most meat (except special occasions), and eat a lot more vegetables. I have no idea if it's the healthiest way to live, but I think it's certainly a positive delta. This is why I like to GPG encrypt my stuff before I upload it to Dropbox. This way, it's pretty much guaranteed not to register as something easy to correlate against, and I can use Dropbox as just a free file store. I assume some other people do this as well. I understand why they did this, but I think this might be a bit too broad. There are plenty of things that I might buy that have the word "Gun" that are not directly related to weapons; my favorite XBox game is named "Gun", there is a Gregory Peck movie I like called "The Guns of Navarone", and there's the aforementioned "Guns, Germs, and Steel". Umm, what the hell are you talking about? Which organizations? The NRA or Google? I'm not even disputing that I'm part of the problem, but I would like you to elaborate on what you think this problem actually is . While I have to say I wholly disagree with your viewpoint on the NRA, I don't really disagree with your thesis, which makes me wonder how I'm "part of the problem". My parents live in Orlando...this is going to really confuse me when I call them from New York, which used to be the same time zone. Oh well, I think this is the right decision in the long run, I hope the rest of the states follow. I realized this after I commented; I really should learn to read, might make this software job easier :) I used to use pure Emacs, but switched full-time to Vim keystrokes after I got stuck for the billionth time trying to figure out the "undo direction". After a certain point, I realized that I really just needed Vim, since I never really used any of the features in Emacs except the text editor. Now I mostly just use NeoVim, and with its async support and a lot of the plugins for it becoming excellent, I really have no desire to go back to Emacs...except that I keep hearing about org-mode. One of these days I might go and try out one of the several plugins for Vim that try to tack-on org-mode, but as it stands I've gotten my NeoVim configuration so customized it would take quite awhile to actually replicate in Emacs. I had a coworker (who I greatly respect as an engineer) whose main "IDE" was GNU Screen and Nano, which he used primarily for PHP and JS development. I wanted to make fun of him, but his code was generally better than me, despite me using Vim, so I had to keep it to myself. I think that's kind of elegant, and helps validate my preferred environment of `tmux` + `nvim` I would think you could relatively easily remap the tmux shortcuts to Screen ones, if that's the only blocker. Correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't `screen` do split screen mode? `C-a S` I thought It's not night and day really; tmux is updated a bit more frequently, and I find it easier to configure (I have a custom theme that I think is substantially sexier than the ugly green bar on the bottom). While it's almost certainly cheating, I do think that the mouse integration for tmux is quite good, and I use that semi-often. I don't know how much you care about licenses, but tmux uses the more permissive ISC license. Also, and this really makes no difference to anything, I like the logo for tmux :) So, I dunno, it's mostly a matter of opinion, but I just have grown to prefer tmux. Did you write the decoder yourself, or do you feed it into FFMPeg or something similar? I don't particularly care if the thing that companies use for private chat isn't open-source and doesn't have an open gateway, but it does worry me a bit that Slack has slowly started to replace IRC for open-source software support. Typically if I need help with something FLOSS, I open up my Weechat and log onto Freenode, however increasingly I'm seeing FLOSS projects go to Slack (like Elementary OS). I understand that Slack is simpler, but it's also kind of antithetical to use a proprietary protocol for something open. I really wish that the Amiga had caught on in the US. Things like this never cease to impress me. It feels like Amiga was lightyears ahead of its PC Counterparts; my dad's 1985 IBM PC junior could never display a picture that well (as far as I know). I feel that Alien Breed 3D was pretty ok; it didn't perform great but it was certainly playable. Weren't there a fair number of Doom-clones on the system? About a year and a half ago, my wife was showing symptoms of early-onset macular degeneration, and it led to a rabbit hole of me searching for treatments, and I remember the earlier stages of this being discussed. While it turned out that my wife's issue was (fortunately) something less severe, it still makes me happy to see that this treatment has had some success. I use Signal every day as my primary IM client. I haven't had any real problems except the occasional having to reset my keys. This is insanely cool. To me, once I learned Lisp (Clojure and then Racket), it kind of gave me this "OMG why isn't every language like this????" feeling. I wonder if Carp could fair well with a more academic, heavy-processing sector.... Academia, in my experience, has a tendency to use more theory-heavy languages (Haskell, OCaml, and of course Lisp), or the "easy-for-engineering" languages, like R or Matlab. When I used to work for a university, our stuff was done almost exclusively with Haskell. This is fine, but a lot of academic work (bioinformatics, video processing, advanced statistical analysis, etc...) can be very computationally heavy, leading to a lot of academics and post-docs writing some ad-hoc C++ in order to squeeze out better performance. What I was suggesting is that, since Carp might have better performance characteristics for more CPU bound tasks than something like, say, Racket, it might satisfying the niche of academic-friendly languages. Wait...are you the legendary Mike Rowe???? I don't own one of these yet, but I just signed up for the waiting list because I a) want to support a more-open hardware than the x86/x64 duopoly we have with most laptops, and because I would like as many components in my laptop to be as open as possible. As a developer, I want to make sure my stuff works with ARM, if for no other reason to help the ecosystem a bit. I like VS Code and Atom, so please understand my criticism here doesn't come out of hate or disdain. Vim has a pretty huge community of plugins, and with NeoVim that plugin development has greatly accelerated. Intero, Fireplace, Vim FSharp (which works on regular Vim as well), and NeoComplete are excellent, and make NeoVim competitive with a lot of IDEs in my mind. Part of the reason I don't use VS Code is that I really don't feel the need to run an instance of Chrome just to edit text. On my Mac, after loading a relatively large FSharp file, with FSAutocomplete (which is not known to be particularly efficient software), in NeoVim, it's taking so little CPU on the NVim side that it doesn't even register in Activity Monitor or `ps`. The same file loaded in latest version of VS Code (downloaded about thirty minutes ago) with the Ionide plugin is taking about 8% of the total CPU power. With computers as powerful and wonderful as they are nowadays, I think you could make a solid argument of "Who the hell cares?", but in my mind, we have been editing text with full screen editors since the 80s, and had interactive IDEs since the 90s. If we could do this efficiently since the 90's, why should we opt for an inefficient solution now, especially if the efficient solutions are competitive? Again, I'm saying this out of love. I use VS Code or Atom occasionally when I want to edit Markdown or HTML, and I think they are solid editors, especially considering that they are free. I understand that they are there to more to offer an open source and competitive solution to something like Sublime Text, and not to win-over the command-line-editor crowd, and at that I think they succeed. I just wish that an efficient framework like Qt, which has JS support, had caught on instead, since I think it would be a lot more efficient. I know this is like a "you can get something as good as Dropbox by just running an FTP server" thing that you see on HN occasionally, but if I wanted that, I conceivably could just run a VM on Azure/AWS/Digital Ocean and SSH in for development with NeoVim. I guess the interface wouldn't be as streamlined though. I remember reading a writeup a few years ago from the guy who made BSNES, and him mentioning to get cycle exactness requires a crazy amount more CPU power than getting "cycle-good-enough-for-99%-of-things", and that he had to do some elaborate cooperative threading to get decent performance. Has this been the case for you? Also, 8088mph is super cool; great job on it! I agree with the sentiment of this site. I have an nginx proxy set up for personal stuff, and the home page was done in an homage to GeoCities: https://brucewillis.sexy/ Eventually I will get midi music playing correctly with mouse-tails. Futhark has been on my radar for a few months now. Does anyone here use it for anything outside basic toy projects? Do you like it? I still haven't figured out how the undo-direction works in emacs. It feels like half the time I'd inadvertently end up redoing. Honestly, and this is just me, but services like Doctor on Demand or Teladoc have been incredibly valuable to me. Being able to schedule appointments for the weekend (or later at night) ensures it doesn't get in the way of work. I was fortunate enough to get a pretty awesome doctor when I did it, but I seriously cannot recommend DoD enough. In a bit of bizarre cognitive dissonance or intellectual dishonesty on my end, I have publicly told people that I am ok with Microsoft's purchase of Github, but have moved all my projects over to Gitlab. It's not that I think Microsoft will do a bad job (and the issue isn't about Microsoft specifically) it just made me realize something that I logically knew but never thought about: Github can be bought, and it's a near-monopoly. We take advantage of a seemingly altruistic service like Github, but I now process that they're a for-profit corporation, and there is no reason they couldn't exploit that fact. While I don't think they would do this, Microsoft could easily deprioritize projects that compete with their products, or surround popular releases with adware (like Sourceforge did a few years ago). Gitlab is a for-profit corporation as well, so they're not immune to this, but the difference is that I can easily run my own Gitlab server if I really wanted to, or fork the project and make "Tombert's Cool Gitlab Competitor" whenever I need to. Inherently, Gitlab has created its own competition, which I think can shield a bit from my concerns. Also, I've grown to really like the Gitlab interface; maybe that's a good enough reason to switch. Yes, but if I own a company, and Gitlab does something that we don't like to our project, I could conceivably run my own on a Digital Ocean droplet or AWS or Azure or something, so that my developers don't have to radically change the way they work. Granted, Github has Enterprise, but that's proprietary, and I like that there's no need to worry about license fees and whatnot with Gitlab. Wouldn't Bitbucket have the same issues as Github at this point? The issue to me comes down to the fact that Github can be bought , not necessarily who the owner is. Has anyone managed to get Linux booted on this thing and working well? I've been debating purchasing one, but I am afraid that I'll be stuck with Windows, which, for what I work on, makes hacking pretty difficult. EDIT: Just as a note, I know about WSL (I use it at work), but I would greatly prefer to have Linux working on root. I have a lot of custom systemd setups, and I've become somewhat dependent on XMonad. I don't have a big problem with it at work, but at home I tend to go kind of hardcore at home since it makes me feel validated as a geek. I know you can install X on Windows, but I tend to prefer using XMonad with urxvt to navigate at home, so as to minimize my time using a mouse; AFAIK, you can't interop the Windows version of Firefox in my XMonad setup for WSL. I'm not saying I couldn't make an equally productive setup in Windows, but I've come to prefer the setup I have on my personal laptop, which is sadly five years old and finally starting to show its age. Yes, but won't that only work with apps compiled with X? If I wanted to use the Windows version of Firefox and Visual Studio or something in the panels of XMonad on Windows, would that work? I don't have much to say, except I really enjoyed Quantum Computing Since Democritus. The lighthearted nature of the book made it a lot more approachable for someone who is mostly self-learning this stuff. I feel like DjVu was never sufficiently better than PDF for me to bother using it. There are PDF readers for almost literally anything device imaginable, and often they are included with your choice of operating system. I feel like if DjVu would have more of an audience if it weren't for the fact that PDF is an open standard now. My dad had the entire collection of Straight Dope books, so when he found out that I was frequenting Snopes.com when I was 11, he told me that they would be right up my alley. He was right. I immediately fell in love with the combination of trivia and dry humor. I quickly read through the set, and even sent a letter to Cecil (he did not respond and my letter wasn't published, but I did get a letter back from one of his assistants answering my question). All things must come to an end, but I'm sad to see it go. My keyboard at work is a 122-key IBM Model F. I bought a relatively expensive adapter to plug it into a modern computer, and I don't regret it at all. While I know there was a bit of a reboot-project a year or two ago, other than that there really hasn't been anything that quite matches the feel of the Model F, and it's an absolute joy to type on. It's also a wonderful tool to make a lot of noise and annoy coworkers, so it's great on two fronts. The way I figure it is that I spend a majority of my day typing on a keyboard, so it's worth it to me to have the tool that feels right to me. Out of curiosity, does anyone run Haiku full time? I remember seeing a video on it a few years ago, but wasn't sure if it would do everything I wanted. I'm interested in this; how much work is it typically to port a package over? EDIT: I'm asking specifically a command-line package. I sadly got into the developer game a bit too late to know the paradise of private offices or even cubicles, and have had an open office my entire career. Personally, I find them incredibly distracting; there is a TV right behind me playing the World Cup right now, and people cheering every couple minutes whenever something happens. I work relatively close to the eating area, so I have to hear lunch conversations. I'm also not innocent of office annoyances; occasionally I will argue with my coworkers about a design or how some code should be written, and I'm sure that that is annoying to the other people sitting on my floor, not to mention me typing on my IBM Model F keyboard noisily. I live in the NYC area, so I guess rents are expensive enough to where private offices are out of the question until you're a CTO or something, but I would definitely prefer if this trend of open offices were to die. It's gotten to a point to where I'm thinking that my next job will have to be remote so that I can work in my guest room on my desk. I admit that I found the book a bit pretentious and irritating the first time I read it, but someone encouraged me to read it again, and I was unemployed at the time, and I really enjoyed it the second time. I don't know if I just didn't understand it very well the first time, or if I had just become a bit more interested in theoretical math and philosophy, making me pay better attention. I admit that the tortoise and Achilles analogies get kind of weird, and sometimes feel a bit contrived, but I actually found them instrumental to the overarching theme of the book: self-reference. The theme was a bit more clear in "I am a Strange Loop", but I still really enjoyed GEB, if for no other reason than it made me finally understand the concepts of "axioms" and "theorems" and whatnot. I ask this with no passive aggression; what are the advantages of Guix over Nix? I've used Nix a few times and thought it was pretty neat... One of my biggest regrets in life is how dismissive I was of community college back when I was applying to schools as a teenager. If the school didn't have "university" as part of the title, then I wasn't interested. I went to a university, paid a ton of money, dropped out, and then found work as an engineer. If I had done community college, I would have probably gotten the same quality of education, but not have to spend the first year and a half of my post-dropout years paying back loans. I mean, is this new information? I always look at the upvotes on the package to see if it has been tested. I'm of course a supporter of solar, and I don't want to be "that guy", but is there a strategy for handling solar power at night? In these areas that are mostly solar, how do they store the energy, or do they resort to natural gas or coal or something? I remember hearing from Bill Nye about an idea to pump water to lift up pillars during the day to store potential energy, then release those pillars overnight. I wonder if that's being implemented anywhere. The argument of "increased collaboration" that I keep hearing is kind of negated when people have the soccer game on and you're bombarded with constant cheering, which is my current situation. Even when soccer is over, you have to contend with people playing grab-ass all over the office, or jerks (like me) with annoyingly loud keyboards. The modicum of utility of me "jumping into a conversation" really goes out the window when I'm forced to wear headphones all day. I really don't have a good way of measuring or fully quantifying how much less productive I am personally , but haven't there been a ton of studies that indicate anywhere between 1-1.5 hours a day is wasted per employee due to the open office? I assume that labor is the most expensive part of any big-ish company, so it feels like the "offices are cheaper" argument shouldn't work. Ha, yeah, fair point, I was just informed that it's almost over. Don't worry, there always seems to be more sports to watch. They'll probably move onto curling or something today. I agree. When I suggested putting on a low-budget 50's monster movie on as background noise (e.g. Gamera, Godzilla, The Giant Claw, something that's amusing to look at for thirty seconds, laugh a bit, but not overly distracting), people act almost offended that I would waste company time like that. But if the TV has some form of ball on it, drop everything. That's making the assumption that they stop watching when your national team is not playing, which hasn't been the case here. Also, as stated, even if you love sports, if I were to turn on something like Die Hard and cheer at the screen every few minutes when Bruce Willis does something awesome, or play a video game and yell profanities because I died, people would (rightly) think I'm a jerk and distracting everyone. Even if I only did once every four years. Ah, sorry, it's a bit of local expression from where I grew up. People would say "grab-ass" when people are running/playing around and yelling like children at the office. It's not too uncommon for startups to have Nerf guns or something. It is not unreasonable to ask people to move to an area where people aren't trying to work, even if the event is live. Many people do not care about ball and would like to work, and typically an office is the place where you are supposed to do that. Having the game on in the common work area is incredibly distracting with people cheering. Many people who are trying to work do not care if the event is live. Even as someone who also enjoys watching rocket launches, I wouldn't cheer loudly when it took off, and I'd probably go to some kind of common area to watch it to begin with. I agree. I typically come in at about 9:15am, leave anywhere from 7pm-8pm, and it's not because I'm some great worker. It's because I need to finish up the sprint and too much crap is happening around the office. I don't know that I wouldn't work late even if I had a private office, but I do think that I'd be able to accomplish more. I think you might have missed my point; it's not about the world cup (or any ball-based sport you want to talk about) in particular. I'm complaining about the fact that can make people loud and therefore very distracting. I wouldn't suggest changing the office layout if I were only distracted by events every four years. I get distracted by events related to the open office every single day; the latest one just happened to be the World Cup when I wrote that. I don't know that I fully agree with the parent's logic (despite the fact that I actually am a vegetarian), but I think the rationale to his argument is that humans are able to survive without meat (unlike cats, lions, or tigers), and we also have the ability to realize that we are able to avoid meat. Cats, bears, and tigers really don't have the mental faculties to know good or bad, or right and wrong, but we do (at least to some extent). If that's the case, shouldn't we avoid killing wherever possible? Again, not sure I completely agree with the line of reasoning, but I at least see the point. Again, not saying that I fully agree, I'm just trying to explain the perspective. I just don't focus and bounce around everywhere :D But seriously, I try and psychotically keep Jira updated. It probably drives the PM crazy, but it's very satisfying to see your progress grow, and especially satisfying to close a ticket. So, as a complete noob with stuff like Forth and other concatenative stuff, can someone explain why they'd use it, and how something like Avelon would be cool? I've read a bit about being able to avoid generating garbage, but I have to admit a bit of ignorance to what that actually means. I had a comment on this about a week ago where I was complaining about the world cup noise on a TV right behind me, and I stand by that. People yelling during a sporting event, or just generally horseplaying, ends up being very distracting to me. I'm aware headphones exist, but I typically work better in near-silence, which is borderline impossible with an open office plan. This is in combination with the fact that I'm pretty sure I've gotten at least one illness from a coworker in the past when he sneezed. It's possible I would have gotten it anyway, but I think it's a non-controversial thing to say that close contact to people can make disease spread more easily. I think these open offices are here to stay, since the rest of my coworkers (and indeed, a large percentage of the hacker workforce) seem to feel like they work better with them. Still, a guy can dream...or look for a remote job. I haven't had a job with a dress code in about 6 years now, and I've drawn a line in the sand that I won't do it. The AC broke in the building I was working in (which was in Dallas), and I nearly passed out because of all the sweating I did. I find it a bit bizarre that companies will require dress codes for people that never have to interface with clients. If I'm never viewed from the outside world, how exactly is it hurting anyone for me to wear a T-Shirt? I can't quite tell if it's some kind of bizarre power play, or they genuinely feel like it helps the employees, and I suppose I'll never find out. Anyone here tried running ReactOS full time? I currently use Emby for handling movie streaming and Gitlab for local development, which I serve with Docker containers running in Docker swarm across 6 Odroid machines. I know that the popsci media can overblow this, but wasn't there some optimistic results for super-capacitors that wouldn't rely on any of these rare-earth metals? I'm seriously asking, since looking this up tends to bring up links to crap-sites like IFLS and whatnot, so I don't know if the hype is warranted. I was specifically interested in the super capacitor part of my question, I apologize for some potentially ambiguous semantics. I ask this in sincerity; in Linux land, what is a good alternative to VirtualBox? Are there any that can do proper 3D acceleration to play games at a reasonable speed? Typically I do use Wine+PlayOnLinux, but I have a specific old game I want to play (Facade), that is incredibly picky to get working on any computer, let alone through some semi-emulation like Wine. That's the one, though even in the writeup they mention that you can't get very far into the game with it. It's too bad; it's like an interactive version of "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf". Wine definitely is better for older games 99% of the time, this one is just something that was incredibly picky even when it was new. I've bothered them to ask if they'd open source it or let me port it with me signing an NDA, but they haven't responded. I tried it again about a month ago, and I'm getting single-digit framerates. I might open up a ticket with Wine. I've typically had pretty good luck with GOG, and actually nearly any older game has worked nearly flawlessly for me with Wine. Generally, these games actually work better on Linux than they do trying to shoehorn into modern Windows. SICP has a well deserved spot in the "basically a bible for engineers" category. I remember hearing about from a podcast in 2012 (I can't remember which one, sadly), and immediately fell in love with the free copy from MIT's website. I was pretty excited when I found a physical copy at a thrift store for two dollars. Even though I had already read it, I like having it on my shelf to prominently display. It's not a trivial read, but I feel like it's complicated enough to make you think, but not frustrate. I don't think so, since I don't think I've heard of that one. It was probably whatever functional programming podcast was popular back then. I knew this was coming, and it's not like I watch more than three movies a month in the theater anyway, but stuff like this makes the package less appealing to me. Part of what made Moviepass neat was its "too good to be true" nature, though it was obvious this this model was unsustainable. I don't know if I am going to cancel my membership, but I feel kind of bad for the company. It seems like now there's no "right" decision for them to make; either they keep working at a huge huge huge loss, or they upset their customers severely. It was definitely (in my opinion) an unwise decision to move to the $9.99 price, and it seems like now there is no way out for them. I had a friend that did an interview homework assignment, was declined for the job, then found out that they used his assignment's code in production through a friend that already worked at the company. While I'll admit that this is atypical, it seems like something a more nefarious company could abuse. I suppose that's true; no test like production. I think it was probably a good thing that he was declined, a company that would do that probably isn't a great place to work. I'm not entirely sure why this is upsetting me so much, but I think it has to largely to do with empathy. While I'm nowhere as severe as Terry, I do suffer from manic depression (bipolar II), and if it weren't for the support of friends and family I'm certain I would have offed myself years ago. Terry suffered from an illness, but he was undoubtedly a smart guy. TempleOS and HolyC, even if they were niche, are certainly interesting projects, and aren't something that any lay-person could make. While I'm relatively certain that his racist profanity-filled posts are how he's going to be remembered, I'll try and think of him as a misguided and misunderstood person who needed more help than society was really able to provide. That's a lot to unpack. I'm not saying we should condone the racism, but he was mentally ill, and I'm sorry, you do get a bit of leeway with that. The guy was schizophrenic, thought he was hearing voices from God, then killed himself. The courts have decided that if someone is proven to be mentally ill, they're not fully responsible for their actions, and if Terry doesn't qualify as "mentally ill", I don't know who does. I am not saying that he should have been un-banned from HN, I'm not saying we need to pat him on the back, and I really appreciate you trying to imply that I'm ok with racism because I engage in some form of empathy when a mentally-ill human does some awful stuff. None of us are immune from this; all of us are just one head injury away from some kind of mental illness or brain damage. If I start hearing voices from God telling me to be racist, I would hope that people would engage in at least some level of understanding. I'm not trying to "gloss over" anything; I pretty specifically said that he will be remembered for his racism, but I think we should always remember his illness. I don't know why someone flagged the parent to this. I didn't really agree with him but I don't think he violated any rules. Yeah, I mentioned this in a reply to to a post that appears to have been flagged (I don't think it should have been, even though I disagreed with it), but I feel like none of us are fully immune from something like this happening to us; all it takes is one bad head injury to cause brain damage, and then all bets are off an how it's going to affect your mental state. I agree; I apologize for fanning the flames here. I noticed with MetroPCS, when I download a Youtube video offline, it's very slow. However, if I turn on my Private Internet Access VPN, it's fast. This has been going on for at least two years; well before net neutrality was destroyed. I'm no expert in this, but I feel that that's a relatively definitive proof that they're throttling it. I understand why teachers have these minimums, they don't want the kids to half-ass it, but I feel that this is an annoying consequence. Instead of writing something that reads nicely, I'll end up breaking up single words into phrases in order to get closer to the minimum. I'm not sure of a good solution to this problem, so I suppose I will have to live with it. I find this absolutely fascinating. For a long time we thought that humans had a monopoly on abstract thought and problem solving, then we realized apes have it, then pigs, and now octopi. It's weird to think that humans might not be the only truly intelligent creatures on the planet, but it does show to me that "intelligence" isn't this simple black and white system. I have to say though, this article did kind of make me feel guilty for eating as much octopus as I have. Just to be a bit annoying; I know a ton of people that download SublimeText and just ignore the little thing saying "Sublime is licensed software please pay", though I find that long term it does lead to them getting their employer to pay for it. Is SublimeMerge going to have a similar model? Just a sidenote, good on you for keeping SublimeText fast and optimized. There are way too many systems out there that have moved to the "put every single application ever inside a self-contained chrome". I usually recommend Sublime before I recommend Atom because of this. I am inclined to agree; we're only semi-recently seeing that animals other than humans and chimps use tools in some fashion, and I don't even know that that by itself is a great measure. I feel like I tend to value theory more than most people, and when I interview, I tend to ask extremely theory-heavy questions that I think are typically pretty difficult. However, I don't usually care if they can actually work out the answer in a short amount of time, as anyone can probably find an answer to a question in about fifteen seconds on pretty much any search engine. What I measure is how well the person asks questions. The way I figure it, it's far more important that the worker is good about unblocking themselves; you can't expect someone to have memorized every algorithm ever, but it's not unreasonable to expect them to bother someone who knows a bit more about the subject when they don't. Just as an FYI, I don't have any fancy credentials, or really any qualifications at all, so it's not like I'm pushing some kind of MIT/Harvard/Berkley ridiculous agenda onto people. It upsets me that the "normal" way to keep in touch with people now seems to be to use some kind of big-brother-esque system. I try and evangelize Signal over WhatsApp and most of my friends won't budge. I deleted my Facebook four years ago, and as a result I have lost contact with a lot of friends. I'm currently a student with SUNY Empire State College with their online program, which is semi learn-at-your-own-pace. There are deadlines on the assignments, and you have to communicate with other students in order to get the grade. Personally, I greatly prefer it. The first statement "Learners Need to Attend to Succeed" is sort of double edged; my first try at college, I didn't attend class for a variety of reasons (mostly depression), and I know well enough that if I were required to go to a physical classroom while working full time, there's no chance I'd actually show up. By allowing me to work at home when it's most convenient for me, I actually do the assigned reading and homework. Also, the line "Learners Need Access to Expertise" strikes me as a bit strange; do people have problems finding experts on stuff? For my online school, I can bother the professor for help whenever I need it, but I also don't have too much trouble finding someone smarter than me on IRC. I agree with your point, but I run a cluster of 6 ODroid systems (running an Emby server (which only runs on one of the nodes)) , and even then it peaks at around 50 watts last time I measured (the hard drive array is separate and peaks at around 30). I haven't done a ton of side-by-side comparisons, but it does feel like ARM runs more efficiently per watt. Maybe someone with better legal chops can explain this to me; how is the Internet Archive's internet arcade MAME stuff not considered piracy? I'm not saying I don't support it (I think data preservation is important, even if it involves "piracy"), but it seems like a huge legal headache to a lay-man. I've recently gone on somewhat of a Google purge in the last few weeks, but the one thing I can't seem to shake is YouTube. These platforms are made and broken by their content. Even though I absolutely support the "federate all the things" mentality (I'm a Mastodon user), I fear that YouTube will remain the default platform for the foreseeable future until PeerTube offers something other than "federated YouTube". I also worry that what will inevitably happen is that one service will become the de-facto standard for video sharing, and effectively monopolize the thing anyway, such as with Gmail. I built a prototype system based on Kademlia that addressed the second point, but I don't know how I'd convince anyone to actually use it. This. A couple years ago I was promised a promotion that I didn't get because of "budgetary reasons". I find it funny that despite that, literally every PM that I met managed to get promoted. I don't quite understand your argument; Facebook is a private corporation, and can regulate speech in any way they choose. It's not "totalitarianism 101"; if anything, it's a libertarian wet-dream of a corporation exercising their rights as they see fit. I've thought about organizing something like this in the NYC area, but I have no idea how to even start looking for a venue. Does anyone have any suggestions on what I need to Google to get started? I second this; Kademlia has always struck me as one of the most beautiful and elegant algorithms out there; Bittorrent is wonderful too. I don't have nearly as much experience as you, but I've been doing the same thing. After giving a ton of interviews to people who put "concurrency" or "multithreading" as a skill on their resume (yes, really), I realized it's better to keep the information clear and relevant; listing off a million languages or vague skills is an easy way to make an interviewer look for reasons to call bullshit. The recruiters I've dealt with usually want to slap on a bunch of crap like "Web scala Java OOP web-scale MEAN STACK" onto the resume before they submit it, but the solution to that is to do it all in LaTeX so that they don't know how to work with it :) My parents would basically (with a few exceptions due to price) buy me any book I wanted growing up (without it hitting into my allowance); they thought it was incredibly important to grow up well-read, and even more important to learn how to teach yourself stuff, and similarly every standardized test I took was insultingly easy. I'm definitely not some pillar of intellectual vigor either (I don't even have a college degree), so the fact that my reading comprehension is good, I think, is because of the exposure to books. That said, I realize that one anecdote doesn't mean anything. I had a job in the past that snuck in a non-compete into the non-disclosure agreement, which I stupidly signed. Fortunately, the company went bankrupt before they had a chance, but they sent me an intimidation letter when I quit that any work I do is subject to their approval, with a photocopy of the NDA attached. It was horrifying. At the risk of coming off as some bleeding heart liberal, what's to stop corporations from doing this kind of stuff all the time? What percentage of it goes unnoticed? Everyone knows about lobbying, but until very recently, I didn't know about the whole "astroturfing" thing. EDIT: Not sure why I'm being downvoted for this... I didn't really intend to make my post partisan, though I realize that the self-deprecating "bleeding-heard-liberal" might appear that way. In the trend of showing other people introductions to category theory, I recommend Peter Smith's "Category Theory: A Gentle Introduction", available online: https://www.logicmatters.net/resources/pdfs/GentleIntro.pdf It assumes a bit more knowledge coming in, but it's really what made the entire thing stick for me. In some fairness, buying the DVDs used on eBay for the first 10 seasons isn't terribly expensive. I got some of them as cheap as four dollars. I spent a few afternoons ripping all of them and adding them to my streaming server. I realize that most people don't have streaming servers, but I think most of the people here probably have something that can read off a flash drive? I actually bought my DVD drive specifically for this Simpsons-project, but I've found it has been handy since then to have it lying around. Occasionally I have an old DOS game I want to play, or a more obscure CD that I want to rip, that I wouldn't have bothered with before, but now, why the hell not? This isn't identical, but I remember when I first learned first-class functions and partial application in Haskell about ten years ago, it was a "the world is different now" moment. I had reinvented partial-application approximately thirty billion times by using overloading or with elaborate if-elseif-else chains. When I learned Haskell, and saw that I could magically make my non-lists function automatically lift across a list, and how I could define things like this myself , I was immediately convinced that I would never go back to C again (I didn't know about function pointers). I learned Clojure about a year ago (which was my first introduction to Lisp outside of reading SICP), and it gave me a similar feeling. I felt like Clojure was a "better Java than Java", and now its my go-to JVM language. I think McCarthy was really onto something with Lisp :). Yeah, removing a "like" button will really improve the "communicate-by-fortune-cookie" quality of academic discourse on Twitter. I'm not a huge fan of Twitter, so I'll admit bias, but 140/280 characters really isn't enough to construct a proper argument, but it's the exact space to come up with some some witty truism. I seriously doubt that the "likes" were the problem. I work for one of the big "brand name" companies (I don't want to say which, but it's on the "companies using Clojure page"), and on my team we try and start all new projects to use Clojure. Frankly, I love it. After the "zen" of lisp clicked for me, Clojure gave me an OS/2-style "Better Java Than Java". Suddenly I was able to compose standard JVM library stuff in a more-natural and easy way than I could in vanilla Java, I was able to easily define relatively-well-optimized persistent data structures, and I could quickly provide new semantics to the language as I saw fit. Also, the Clojure REPL provides an amazing level of increased productivity. Do I miss the Hindley-Milner type system from my last job? A bit, but surprisingly it doesn't bother me as much as I thought with Clojure. I don't know if Clojure was just a fad, but I think that it'll always have a loyal fanbase, like mosts Lisps. I was using F#, and before that Haskell, and before that Scala. I'll admit I can't really atone for my sins on this, but I genuinely thought GamerGate was about journalistic integrity in gaming journalism. I didn't take place in any of the elaborate social-media campaigns, but I did use the term in some kind of naive attempt at "fighting the SJWs". I realize how stupid I was at that point, and while I don't think I went "full-on-mysogyny", I was definitely holding a somewhat dated viewpoint which I regret now. I used to work for Jet.com, which was acquired by Walmart, and I stayed there for about two years after the acquisition. It was an OK place to work, and they gave Jet some level of autonomy, but I left when I read that Walmart wants to start "integrating" their stuff ours, which in my case was a lot of Java crap that was clearly at least 10 years old. I doubt that my experience is atypical with this. Big companies like to buy smaller ones, but don't like having two versions of one thing, and very often they'll view their original version of something as superior to the one they just purchased. In the case of Walmart, I think they bought Jet exclusively for the name. I'm hoping that IBM is smart enough to sit back and let Redhat do their thing. I don't really want Redhat to become something bloated and horrible like WebSphere. Actually, Java is used fairly heavily at Apple for their backend systems. If you go on their job boards, you'll see quite a lot of Java positions. At some level I logically know this, and obviously if the employer didn't feel I was worth it they wouldn't hire me. Still, after dropping out, it was hard to avoid constant feelings of inferiority. Even though people obviously didn't mean it this way, I was interpreting every statement as having an implicit suffix of "and you're stupid because you dropped out". It took me years to realize that people really aren't that much of jerks, and a surprising few actually give a crap about you dropping out. I do think that, for engineering, a year of experience is worth just as much as a year in school if you are willing to spend evenings self-teaching. My interests tend to be a bit more academic (which don't appear to be willing to overlook a lack of a bachelors), and since there's not a single Math professor in the NYC area that will take me on as a PhD student without a degree (I think I might have emailed literally all of them), I've actually started back in school, so hopefully that'll kill the complex. My favorite is when people put "concurrency" as a feature on their resumes. When I ask them their opinions on actors vs. CSP, without fail, they don't know what the hell I'm talking about. Apparently "concurrency" to a lot of trained people just means "spinning up threads and use a lock occasionally". I remember how I didn't believe that Fizzbuzz eliminates some crazy-high percentage of candidates until I started interviewing. I think most of the people I have interviewed are relatively smart people, but a lot of them really haven't had a lot of need to practice their algorithms, so they don't. I've had people fail the "tell me if these two strings are anagrams" thing, with one person's response being to have 26 counters, one for each letter. It's possible that your pain doctor was great, but that doesn't subtract from the fact that there are doctors who act like glorified drug-dealers who prescribe oxy if you mention you've ever had a headache, and the only way that I can see to fix this is to start monitoring this more thoroughly. I feel bad for people in your situation, but I feel like increased scrutiny is sort of a necessary evil. I got a vasectomy a couple years back, and despite me feeling nothing but a bit of soreness for two days, my doctor wrote my a prescription for 45 days of codeine . I didn't take them out of fear of it becoming a problem, but someone less informed could seriously be hurt by that. I appreciate your edit. Please understand, and maybe I didn't make this terribly clear, but I am not saying I'm against people taking painkillers when needed . Obviously if you have crippling pain of course you should get pills. "Monitoring Doctors More" does not equate to "ban opiodes" any more than saying saying "regulating business" equates to "no business". There's a middle-ground here. I'd also like to point out that I don't think I'm being non-compassionate in this case. Living in NY I get to see the terror of severe drug addiction every single day when I see (certain) homeless people. It seems "non-compassionate" to me to reduce all of life-crippling addiction to "making a bad decision or lacking self-control". While some people have more addictive personalities than others, the stronger opiodes are addictive enough to ruin lives. It's easy to dismiss this as "people without self control", but I can almost guarantee that someone in your slightly-extended family has had severe problems with opiodes. What does that even mean? If nothing else, the more people we have, the more pollution we could be creating, which can affect climate change. Wait, this is news to me. I was under the (probably erroneous) assumption that Firefox on iOS was running under webkit. Am I wrong? Stuff like this makes me wish Adobe had just open-sourced Flash. I hope this doesn't start a flame war, but I think that most of the crap that Flash gets stems from the fact that it's a proprietary plugin...if Adobe releases part-of or all of the source code, we conceivably could avoid losing history, and someone could write something that compiles to WebAssembly or something. I remember when Shumway was announced a few years ago, and I was excited that this might be the solution that everyone asked for, but I suspect the problem was a lot harder to solve than most people thought it would be (unsurprising...Flash has 20+ years of baggage in its codebase, who knows how many weird hacks have piled up). What was the process of reverse-engineering something like Flash? Did you simply do it by looking at the bytecode (or whatever it's called in Flash), or did you write something with the mainline compiler and work from there? I feel the same way. Flash got so much crap from people, and a lot of it was deserved, no question, but people go so onboard with the "KILL ALL FLASH" bandwagon that they sort of forgot to replace it completely. Video streaming with HLS isn't horrible, but it was so much easier (in my opinion) to do Flash with RTMP. Clearly it can't be that prestigious since they declined me :). But seriously, while they probably are prestigious and cool right now, I do feel that there's enough hostility towards FB in the hacker community (and thus their supply of employees) that it might start forcing them to hire average-at-best engineers. As someone who has worked for five separate startups, I have to disagree. While you do get close to your teammates, in my experience the managers in startup-land tend to be a lot less flexible because they have their vision of how something is supposed to be done. I work for a giant evil megacorporation now, and I honestly feel like I have more freedom here to explore new stuff than I ever did as a JS/PHP/GOLANG/MONGODB Ninja/Rockstar/Guru in startup land. I agree with this. At work I do (mostly) Java (with some semi-liberal sprinklings of Clojure). Despite the fact that I do Java full-time, I despise the language, so I do all my personal projects in Chicken Scheme. It may not create the fastest programs ever (at least if you use the cool dynamic parts of Lisp like I try to do), but I have a lot of fun doing it, and as a result I end up getting much farther in the project. To me, a program that exists and works is inherently faster than the program I never finished writing. This is tangential, but I think that the way that the way Lisp does eval with its macros is incredibly elegant. There was a post on HN a few weeks ago [1] about doing symbolic derivatives in Lisp via quotations and eval, and while that was probably old news to most of the HN audience, it was downright magic to me, and the use of eval seemed appropriate. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18343652 I will admit that this stuff is way over my head, but it's things like this that make me wonder why the Lisp machines/processors never really caught on...can anyone here shed some light into this for me? Heh, I think most autodidacts have discovered this independently. I'm a Physics-Major dropout, and have managed to find jobs in big brand-name companies that have "strict requirements" for a degree. Now, it's led to a level of imposter syndrome (I've posted about it on HN before), but at the same time, it demonstrates that these "requirements" are more "strong preferences". Sadly, it does seem like the research-oriented jobs aren't BSing about their requirements; when I've tried to apply to MS Research and the like, they've always declined me due to lack of credentials, since the postings usually require at least a masters, preferably a PhD. I don't particularly worry about that stuff, honestly. It's more of a feeling of "I don't feel like I deserve this level of success when I didn't go through the proper steps". I also don't have much interest in management/directing, though your statement probably applies to individual contributor roles. I have wondered for awhile now why Rust is getting all this attention of being "Like C but safe and cool!", but no one would mention D. I personally don't do systems programming because I'm not smart enough but the little bit I have done, I found D to be the most-natural feeling (even over Rust), and D has been around a lot longer. I suppose timing is everything for these kinds of things. That's fair, I suspected that people who knew more about this stuff had a reason. Really? The few times I've used Rust, the people on the IRC channel were really nice to me and helped me get bootstrapped. I don't want to be "that guy", but a small sample in the README would be nice. Tough to tell if I'll like a language if I can't even see it without traversing through the docs. I'm assuming I'm not the only one who's afraid of Blink becoming the new Internet Explorer; instead of people following a web standard, they'll follow what's Chrome-compatible. It's still better because Chromium is open-source, but I do worry that we're going to have a problem in the future with a lot of broken sites (YTMND-style). I thought DDG had its own indexer as well, and aggregated from several sources, including Bing. I love these kinds of tutorials, and really any tutorial that makes me think of stuff that was previously "magic" and makes me feel stupid for not previously understanding it after I read it (I honestly mean that in a positive way). This will be a fun weekend project for me...I have had an idea of a lambda-calculus-based VM that I've wanted to build for a few months ago, and I think this will be a good start for me to understand it. I never did improv, but in high school, the way that I got over a lot of social anxiety was learning to be funny; making my peers laugh was a good enough way to break the ice and has really helped me in my career. Granted, in high school the only trick to making a joke is to imply something sexual or say a swear word, but the principles still basically holds. Picking up a few joke books was really helpful to me, so I suspect that taking a class might be even better. I'm in the same boat; I work for a company that's been around for awhile, and as a result they've accrued a lot of Java code, a lot of it using deprecated APIs. It's quite frustrating to dig through them, and I would have been happier if Oracle had just phased out a lot of these things from the compiler (though my understanding is that JDK11 is making steps for that). I wrote a video-sharing thing during a hackathon based on Kademlia. It's one of my favorite algorithms and I found the paper to be easier to read than most papers based on algorithms. Here's a video of a talk I gave on it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byIFT8OzfX0 Potential Flame War Warning I've gotten in several arguments with people about why I like C more than C++, and that's in no small part because I find C to be a lot simpler than C++. This is an example; I feel you can learn enough C to actually start doing stuff in a 45 page manual, where with C++ I did it for about a year and never really felt I had a real handle on all the idioms. I know there are probably a lot of objective reasons to why C++ is safer or something, but I've always felt that if you embrace GCC's extensions, and glibc (and use of Boehm's GC for parts that need to be a bit safer), you end up with a language that's simple to learn, and has a lot of the features I actually use in other languages. That said, this is coming from a very-much-not systems programmer, and I mostly do Lispey stuff nowadays. Honestly, if you use one of the available GCs out there (like Boehm's), and give up on static typing, and heavily rely on function pointers, you can write C similar to how you'd write something like Haskell. Yes, it won't go as fast as it the most idiomatic C, and you can't really make an operating system if you have a GC, but really, how often do most of us actually write code that can't use a GC these days? Even with a GC, it'll still probably perform better than 90% of languages. No argument there, but how is that radically different than embracing GHC Haskell, Racket, rustc, or Go, or any of the other de-facto compilers for a language? I'm personally not opposed to breaking from ANSI/ISO in regards to using GCC or clang; these platforms are incredibly well-tested and supported, produce fast executables, and work on basically every platform out there. I'm ok with it not being 70's-era C to be honest; I even with the extra stuff, I find the language to be fairly simple to pick up compared to C++. I haven't had any problem with performance with the Boehm GC personally, though for what I've used C for is not-real-time video processing stuff. I found I typically got better throughput using Boehm than I did when I was manually managing my memory, but for what I was using it for, a small pause wasn't really a problem as long as the throughput wasn't really affected. Sure, there are a lot of compilers for C, but my point is that I'm happy enough writing GCC C; a large chunk of the nonstandard GCC stuff actually works across other compilers (like clang and Intel), and my point was that I'm happy enough, at least for the work that I do in C occasionally, to limit myself to compilers that support the GCC extensions. Yes, the world isn't composed of FOSS UNIX clones entirely, but GCC works on a lot of platforms now that aren't Unix. MinGW has typically worked fine for me on Windows (not even counting Cygwin or WSL). I don't do systems programming, so I don't know how much (if at all) GCC is used on stuff like micro-controllers. I suppose I didn't make my argument clear enough, but as I said, if you view GCC C as its own language, I don't view that as different than using rustc. I found that when I wrote C++, I almost exclusively ended up using features that were already in C; obviously there are no classes in C, but I was happy enough using structs and functions that just take a pointer of that struct type for the first argument. For what I was doing, which was video processing stuff, I'm not sure that it was faster than if I had written it in Haskell. For this job, I was required to use C or C++, and so I never attempted to port it to Haskell or OCaml or something. I'm more of a wannabe-academic and certainly not a systems programmer, so I did what I could. If I were to guess, the C version would have a bit better performance in a single-threaded context due to the fact that I would occasionally use tricks to avoid reallocations/frees, and the Boehm GC is opt-in, so when I was reasonably certain I could handle the memory correctly, I would do it myself, minimizing how much was actually being done by the GC. I do feel that a static functional language like Haskell might perform well (maybe even better-on-the-average-case?) in a multi-threading context, since I personally find dealing with locks in C (and C++) to be very difficult to do correctly, so utilization of some of the cool tricks in Haskell to avoid manual locking might benefit. I was too much of a coward to use threads and locks much at that job, so I haven't had much of a chance to test it. 2016 was probably the worst year of my life, and not for just political reasons. I had gotten to a point where I had been living paycheck-to-paycheck for about two years, and the company I worked for went bankrupt due to the CEO running away with all of the money that was supposed to be used for our paychecks (yes, really), leaving me jobless and broke. I wasn't good at saving money, and I got debt collectors coming for back credit card debt, and a lawsuit from my landlord because I wasn't able to pay the rent, all culminating with me bursting into tears at the airport because I realized I didn't have enough credit left on any of my cards to pay for the hotel pre-bill for the interview I was flying to at Amazon. Fortunately I was able to find another job, and my wife and I set some ground rules about saving money and paying off debts, and since then I've been able to save enough money to have a down payment on a house, and even though I still use credit cards, I treat them like glorified debit cards, and rarely keep the balance higher than $200. ===== It's easy to get into an unmanageable cycle of debt when you live paycheck to paycheck; fortunately this happened early enough in my life to where I was able to learn my lessons early enough to keep a buffer of money in case the worst happens. I feel bad for people when this stuff happens, since I wouldn't wish that level of depression on anyone. I obviously can't speak for anyone else on this, but I have actually given ex-Mozilla people a bit of a boost in the past when I've interviewed people because I view it as a) a semi-prestigious company, and b) a company filled with people who really like programming. I think the title of this article is a bit unfair; pretty much all of our understanding of science is going to be wrong at some level at some point in time, either due to mistakes in the experimentation, or in this case a software bug; good scientists realize this and issue corrections or retract the paper. Doesn't "fake news" imply dishonesty? I'd argue that even before computers pure mathematics gave the same level of precision. I haven't used PHP in around 6 years (running PHP 4 I belive); has the language improved ? My biggest complaint was that the API was incredibly inconsistent, but that seemed like it could be improved in later versions if they weren't afraid of breaking backwards compatibility. I'm pretty sure it was 4, the company I was working for was...let's just say "slow to update", which is partly why I left. I actually completely disagree about the explicit `do` blocks; as a consequence of that decision, you can't write functions that abstract over all monads, at least not easily. I like F#, but that has always been my main gripe for the two years that I did F# full-time. I realize that for business code that that isn't a super big deal, but it becomes an issue if you want to write generic libraries; the closest thing that you can do is to exploit static-resolved types with member constraints and do explicit binds. For example, if I wanted to have a monad transformer for Async , I could define the custom monad, but then I end up having to wrap every regular Async function manually (or do a lot of manual unboxing) to make it work. A lot of the time, my logic in the async blocks isn't specific to async, and I feel that when you're forced to write custom unboxing everywhere, that's a good way to make a lot of mistakes. EDIT: Just an FYI, despite this complaint, I do really like F#...I find it an incredibly practical language, and one of the best of the Hindley-Milner-style functional languages. While I agree that that's probably true behind the scenes, to define a new computation expression you still have to define the haskell-style "bind" and "return" functions, at least giving the impression to new F# engineers that it has some kind of generic monad type. My complaints are actually in the opposite direction, though I realize that I didn't explain this very well; I wanted to be able to use an Async in already-existing async functions that weren't doing anything specific to async. A lot of my async stuff was just doing let! to "unbox" and returning at the end. In Haskell land I would have used something like (Monad m) => m a -> m b, and then I could throw any monad transformer into there. So, in summary, what you're saying is "we shouldn't try do to anything about it because the really rich people are going to find loopholes anyway"? I'm not trying to be a jerk, I'm actually trying to confirm that that's your point. I started using DDG as my default search engine about 6 months ago, and for 95% of the searches I do it's totally fine. I don't know why people think that DDG needs to "stop" Google; did people think that Lycos and Infoseek and Yahoo couldn't coexist back in the 90's? I think it's good that both companies have some competition from each other. Oh, I'm not disputing that the world tends to converge on a brands, but I'm trying to say that that doesn't have to be the case; both Coke and Pepsi can coexist, as can Lysol and Clorox. When I eat at McDonalds, I never have the mentality of "by eating here, I'm stopping Burger King". At this point I've found DDG to be comparable to Google, but occasionally I have to do the !g to find what I'm looking for. Even though a lot of the indexing data is from Bing, doesn't DDG do extra stuff to guarantee privacy? I don't particularly care who is giving me the data as long as the results tend to be OK; I don't run any MS crap at home but if their search service tends to work alright, then power to them. 95% is typically fine for me; I typically do the !g or !s thing when I don't get an answer quick enough. It is pretty rare that I don't find an answer after that. Gabriel Weinberg's email is public; you could probably just email him and ask. I am glad to see that I am not the only person who hates the TLA Toolbox. TLA+ is brilliant, but I always feel like an outsider using Vim to edit my specs. Out of curiosity (and I'm speaking largely out of ignorance on this), have you considered making this plugin NeoVim specific and doing it in another language you are more comfortable with? EDIT: Also, just realize that you are the person who wrote the Practical TLA+ book...I loved it! Thanks for writing it! I don't really know forth, but it seems like people who learn it really like it; can someone give me a high-level explanation to while it's easier to write Forth instead of C for low-level programming? I can't speak for anyone else, but because AMD has been opening up their drivers, the laptop I purchased six months ago was AMD based. I haven't done any kind of elaborate benchmarks, but as someone who runs Linux full-time, I want to support companies that make my life a bit easier. That said, I have had some issue with my computer having some weird graphical glitches, and then crashing...I don't know if that's the drivers fault but I never had this with my NVidia or Intel cards... I built a very simple neural-network app a few years ago with Julia, and while the project was fun and I didn't think the language was bad by any means, as someone who does software for a living I had trouble seeing why compsci people really got into it. I could totally see someone like my dad using it (he's an aerospace engineer, not software), but I have friends who work in compsci in academia trying to evangelize the language. Not trying to start a war here, but I'm curious what more-seasoned Julia vet might have seen that someone with only ~12 hours with the language wouldn't. I had a job about 7 years ago doing Coldfusion and Flash. Coldfusion is 1 indexed and Actionscript is 0 indexed...this threw me off enough to the point of having a near-religious aversion towards explicit indexing, and while I've largely drunk the functional Kool-aid where I almost exclusively use maps and filters and reduce. I really do with the 1 indexing had stayed around, since I feel like it's more natural to say the 1st element, instead of the 0th. I remember getting in an argument a few years ago during a budgeting meeting at a job, where the prospect of upgrading our two-year-old Macbook Pros came up. This company was a startup that wasn't doing particularly well with money, and I said that you don't need a super-fast laptop to program...especially since this job was Node.js based and none of the work we were doing was processing-heavy. This started somewhat of an argument with my peers who claimed they needed a top-of-the-line Macbook to do everything because you can't program on anything slower. Management ended up caving and buying the new laptops. I stand by my point on this though; as a proof of concept, I "lived" on an ODroid XU4 for a month awhile ago, doing all my programming and everything on there. I was happy to get my big laptop back when I was done with this experiment, but I never felt like weaker hardware impaired my programming ability. I'm not sure how I feel about multi-dispatch...I've had a few headaches chasing down problems with multimethods in Clojure...I'd have to try using Julia full-time to see how it feels. I was unaware that Julia was homoiconic...I'm somewhat of a Lisp fanboy so I might need to give the language another chance. I think one of them used Webstorm, I was using NeoVim, and the rest were using SublimeText. I feel like if we were doing something that required C or C++ (e.g. video processing or data-training), then they might have had a point about wanting to upgrade, but we were doing a lot of fairly typical Node.js REST stuff, something that could fairly easily run on a Raspberry Pi. Forgive a bit of ignorance here, but that doesn't sound terribly different than overloading functions in C++. Am I way off on that? I'm pretty happy with my $8-a-pair glasses at Zenni...due to my tendency to lose glasses, I was happy buying 7 sets from them and have them scattered around most of my common places in my life (e.g. my bedroom, living room, desk at work, etc)...If I lose one, I don't have to feel guilty about it. I can finally think of a practical reason to tell people to install Vim Anywhere! https://github.com/cknadler/vim-anywhere I don't actually use that plugin but I have gotten the Vim keystrokes so ingrained in my brain that I've gotten in the habit of having a terminal open whenever I need to type into web forms...Now I finally have an excuse to not feel silly doing it. Because you write the message in Vim and it adds to the paste buffer, so you paste it in. Since the agents on the other end are only seeing what's in the text box they don't see the preview. I'm not sure I agree with this post. The now-legendary "Build a blog in rails in 30 minutes" thing was one of those "holy crap" experiences for me. Seeing how, start-to-finish, you could have a fully functioning blog with authentication and everything was sort of magical, and I don't think having a slide showing Rails commands would have been as interesting. I suppose this shows a bit of a sickness inside me, because I have a strong aversion against reading these articles because of my pure distaste for C++, which is stupid because this article is great. Still, it's hard for me to not want to create a series of blog posts under the title "All those cool graphics tutorials in ". I try to not call myself a "programmer" for the same reason I try to not put specific languages or platforms on my resume: I don't want to be pigeonholed into a single category. I don't like saying I'm a "Java Engineer" or an "F# programmer", since I want to be free to move around as needed. Nowadays, usually when people ask what I do, I tell them that I'm an eccentric. This started as a joke, but I honestly feel that it has led to me finding more interesting jobs than I'd have had if I had just said I'm a "programmer". I can't speak for anyone else, but I feel like these sort of ontological questions come up a lot when you're a dropout. I had it drilled into my head that if you don't graduate college you will be relegated to a job flipping hamburgers. When I dropped out and managed to achieve roughly the same level of success I would have likely achieved if I had stayed in, it did lead to this feeling of it being "unearned". Especially at first, I had problems with thinking people were judging me all the time, or didn't take me seriously because I didn't have the letters "B.S." or "B.A." after my name. While this was probably true for some people, I think a vast majority of them seriously did not care that I wasn't qualified on paper, since I could do my job OK. I don't disagree that these kinds of problems are self-absorbed and the standard definition of a "first world problem", but I found it kind of unavoidable. I don't mean to ask this ironically; how do these companies come up with these numbers during a sale? Jet.com was sold for $3 Billion, but Craftsman Tools was sold for only $900 Million. I don't really know anything about HelloSign, but can someone tell me roughly why they might have come up with the $230M number? I think the intended market for FirefoxOS was pretty different than ChromeOS. Wasn't FirefoxOS for low-powered phones? ChromeOS is designed around a "streamlined" laptop system. I am in New York, though the company is primarily based in California (I work in a satellite office). Not sure how the jurisdiction applies. Maybe I missed some context; is there a reason that Racket is moving away from their own VM? Lock-free structures have always felt like the "holy grail" of concurrent programming. I remember being blown-away when I read through the paper on CTries (which I'm assuming ConcurrentHashMap would be based on), and even more blown away about how well they performed. I always assumed that Ctries basically necessitated a GC, but I am very happy to be wrong about this! I love DDG (and have been using it as my primary search engine for about six months) but I feel like the hacker community (including me) forgets that DDG is a for-profit corporation, and that at some level posting these kinds of links is more or less the same as just giving them free advertising. I'm not disagreeing with your point (or the network effect in general), but I guess I worry that if we don't engage in some early skepticism, we're going to end up with another Google or Facebook on our hands. Obviously one eccentric's anecdote doesn't mean anything for something in-any-way scientific, but I deleted my FB about four years ago after I realized that my primary usage of the platform was arguing with people. I spent hours at a time constructing (what I thought were) brilliant arguments for my obviously super-important viewpoints. Eventually it got bad enough to where I actually lost friends IRL because of it, and I figured it wasn't healthy to dedicate so much time to arguing, and I deleted my account. I feel like a lot of my time suddenly became free, and I get am overall less stressed out. It could just be a placebo effect, but there's about a zero-percent likelihood that I'll reopen my account any time soon. It's fun to go on LinkedIn and look for "University of Northern New Jersey". There are a lot more people on there then you might think. I find it amusing; I never finished my degree either but I try and be at least up-front about it. I've moved all my stuff off of Google infrastructure...except YouTube. I tried using streaming services and the content just isn't there. I really don't know how a company or system will be able to steal the traffic from YouTube...it seems like it's too big. I really hope this leads to a reform in the whole EULA thing. I've always really disliked that they have a fifty page document outlining all the minutia in a legal language that I personally don't know a lot about. You could argue that I should thoroughly read everything, and that's fair enough for stuff I do at home, but very often I have to install things for work, and if I say that I need to spend four hours consulting with the legal team to install Microsoft Office, I honestly feel that they'll think I'm just trying to waste time. While I 99% agree with the thesis of this post, I feel like another part to why I was late with a ton of projects earlier in my career was due to me getting prolonged depressive episodes, where I didn't want to leave my bed, let alone work on some software I really don't care about. For me, I was later diagnosed with Bipolar II, but it makes me wonder how many people just try and "walk it off" with these things, and as a result their work suffers. I remember during the Equifax breach of 2017, they put that clause in there if you signed up for their credit monitoring system. I always thought those clauses were funny...would that hold up anywhere else? "Hey, sorry I shot you...here's a bandaid, now you can't sue me!" In a bit of fairness to the NSA (never thought I'd say that), they did give us SELinux, which I think was overall a net good. It would certainly be interesting to make a pull request for something like Healthcare.gov or something. I wonder if it's measurable how much tax money we could save (if any) if we allowed the public to audit and improve our code. I'm not saying it inherently does, I just thought it would be interesting. Wouldn't FOIA mandate that it's released if it's not confidential? I'm seriously asking; I'm not an expert in these things. Ugh, I am so sick of this grouping of "millenials". Didn't Time Magazine run a story about how Gen X is the "lost generation" like thirty years ago? Maybe we shouldn't group entire groups of people entirely by the year they were born. As a semi-socialist myself, I get annoyed when people just look for artificial reasons to crap all over capitalism. Sure, but it could be a pitfall that someone else could fall into. I don't really ever use MySQL, but I didn't know about the UUID stuff. There are a million things that get posted on Hacker News that are "beginner level". How many tutorials have we gotten about Rust on here? I don't think that's a bad thing. Maybe I'm missing something; it mentioned it was using organs from executed prisoners. Is that a bad thing? Again, I feel like I missed a part of this article, so I'm genuinely confused. EDIT: I was under the (erroneous) impression that these people were being executed for other crimes, like murder or rape or something. I didn't realize people were being executed on demand. That's terrifying. Ah, I wasn't aware that they were being executed for that reason. Then I definitely agree it's horrifying. I was (mistakenly) assuming that the people were convicted of other crimes (like murder or something), and then the organs were being used post-execution. I second this. I deleted my account four years ago because I kept getting in arguments with people, and I genuinely feel that deleting it made me a less insecure person. I did freelance for about 4 months five years ago, and I felt that this mindset became really hard to avoid. I would end up waking up at around 7AM, start working at 7:15am, take a 15 minute break to make a sandwich for lunch, then work until 10pm. Doing this long enough gets really depressing, and I found it difficult enough to "turn off" that I ended up working a 9am-6am regular job again. Since the goal of this might be hacking in general, do you think it's possible that they'd sell something like an ODroid in one of these stores? Most of my hacking in ARM land has been with an ODroid for the last couple years just due to the amount of power you get from them. While I agree with your point on this, just to play devil's advocate I have to point out that a lot has changed since the 1960's. We have designed more efficient rockets, we have much better computer guidance systems, we have much lighter-weight synthetic materials that could save on fuel, etc. Conceivably if we were to go to the Moon today, it would be substantially cheaper. That said, I did feel like this project was overly ambitious. Even with my previous points, rockets are expensive, and space R&D is pricey. Same here, I didn't realize that Saudi Arabia was a huge investor. That sickens me. I literally LOL'd upon reading this. While I personally hate using Windows, I have been trying to get family members to update their machines from Windows Vista, and they won't because "new machines are too expensive and their computer works fine", and despite my best efforts, I cannot get said family members to let me install a Linux on there. A Raspberry Pi is cheap enough that I might be able to swing them to using something a bit more modern. EDIT: Not 100% sure why I'm being downvoted for this. Clearly I didn't realize how slow Windows would be. It makes me a little sad that JavaFX never really caught on. I thought that Swing was horrible for cross-platform development, but the little I've done with JavaFX is pretty pleasant, and seems to perform at least as well as Electron, if not better. How well does the .NET stuff work across platforms nowadays? Can I conceivably have a "write once, compile anywhere" mentality? Conceivably if it is any good, you could get programmers to hate you a little more or less by using F#.