Setting a standard for every browser to cost the end user nothing seems to have worked out pretty well for the Web and everyone on it. But that's nonsense; there's no way to disprove PG's claim if you make it untestable like that. Here's my lesson: you can think it's "eek out" and still make that much money as a writer these days. Advertising is hilarious! Didn't Opera do this years ago? I remember Meteor! Yeah it describes pretty basic "discoveries", and reads a bit like a book report. Would love some detail. This seems to be a pretty badly written infomercial. This is exactly it - people are so used to thousands of road deaths a year, funding unpleasant oil-supplying regimes, polluting their neighbourhoods and traffic that they don't realise they are avoidable. As mentioned before, it's a lack of imagination. I get what you're saying, but I wouldn't refer to that as a performance issue without any context. Is using none a bit like using http instead of https? The standards support it, but it's 2017 so we shouldn't do it. What I like about JWT's concept is it's completely distributed authorisation: there's no call to a central identity provider. Thus a SPA can pull initial security info from its server, and then fire out requests to different APIs. As long as the API endpoints have the SPA server's public key, they can verify everything without calling it or another central server. Having said that, I'm not able to discern whether it's secure enough to be workable, so I only know to mandate a list of good algorithms on the API endpoints and to use SSL :) I'll have to read about this session stuff. EDIT: I wonder if in bigger projects, a message bus or in-memory cache could signal a token blacklist once the user logs/times out of the original server? Or as some others have said, just have short expiry times and ping the SPA server for new tokens every couple of minutes. This just seems like an odd edge case on the 50 move stalemate rule, because it's such an unusual thing to shoot for to achieve a draw that a chess program doesn't normally bother to look for it. Doesn't seem that useful a demonstration, except for people who don't know much about computers. Is this a bit like Hawking on AI? I wouldn't say it's impossible to invalidate them individually. It's certainly more effort, and it's probably better to have short-lived session tokens and refreshing, but I think it can be done. E.g. what about a message bus that publishes an invalid token message that is subscribed to by the API-providing systems, so they can maintain a prematurely-expired tokens list? On the keeping info in Javascript vs keeping it in a cookie issue, I don't understand that so well. If you made the token a private member of an object that was responsible for the calls, would that help? Then no code could access it? (Feel free to bail on this at any time if my questions/suggestions become tiresome :)) > If you have a server-side "blacklist", guess what: you're not stateless any more, because you still need to keep data in sync, and now you're tempted to allow some otherwise unacceptable delay for sync, giving a potential attacker more time with a stolen JWT. Plus, you know, defeating the whole purpose of using JWTs (being stateless). While I agree that it's no longer stateless, JWT's still really useful in terms of not needing a centralised auth/auth provider that everyone has to hit to see if I am who I say I am and whether I'm allowed to call an API. And a message bus is a pretty good compromise between the extremes of big wide systems that share state and microservices that don't talk to anything else. > Cookies can be set HTTP only ... session cookie. Thanks - I get what you're saying. > If the data can be read from the network by your JavaScript, it can be read from the network by their JavaScript. Yeah. I think I see what you mean. Assuming you don't mean literally "reading data from the network", as I assume the problem isn't the network access but the access to the security info, are you saying that hostile Javascript on the page can read everything and call everything that legitimate Javascript can? If so, I can't tell the difference between that and - say - a CSRF token, which presumably can also be read by "their" Javascript? How does anything work if you have that mentality? > The vast majority of people don't need the scale that is difficult to achieve with regular server-side sessions, and that JWT claims to "solve". They add complexity to solve a problem most people don't have. Not really talking about sessions, but I think I see what you're saying. > If the attacker has JavaScript access to your page, CSRF is not your problem, so CSRF tokens can't help you. I agree. I'm trying to understand what you were saying about whatever your Javascript has access to, their Javascript does as well. Why should this be a criticism of JWT and not CSRF? > Well, mostly a JWT lets you know the user that is signed in. In my case I'm happy to use non-JWT methods to hold a user's session information (e.g. an HTTP-only cookie) and just want JWT to authenticate with other systems' APIs without needing to centralise auth/auth. > They're unrelated attack vectors. Good point. I guess I more just meant that what can malicious Javascript do with endpoints protected by JWT that it can't do with endpoints protected another way. > JWT's accessed over XHR/etc and stored in local storage are available to any malicious scripts running, meaning they can grab the user's JWT and send it off to their own server, allowing them to make requests as the user. I guess this answers the above question: the difference isn't in what can be executed in the browser, but what can be shipped to a different server to be used in attacks from there. To mitigate that, then, how's this setup: 1) User's session is maintained in HTTP-only cookies. 2) Browser can use (1) to request a JWT token (and a refresh key) to hit a 3rd-party API endpoint. The token is valid for 5 minutes. 3) Browser can use the refresh key from (2) to request another JWT token. Does that pretty much bring it up to parity with using cookies everywhere, while keeping the goal of noncentral auth/auth? On dogfighting being obsolete - I thought in a stealth vs stealth situation dogfighting is a real possibility as stealthed beyond visual range standoffs aren't conducive to turn on a targeting radar. It's like two men in the dark, each with a gun and a torch - whoever turns on their torch first loses. Hence needing to rely on visuals, hence dogfighting. It's sad that we have to start asking this again of open source software, and I'm glad to see a normal MIT licence on the Apollo code itself, but is this in any way encumbered by Facebook's unpleasant PATENTS file? Cool idea; bad overuse of history on website. This is exactly the point - no one needs to be taught how to use an iPad. It's some MBA trying to push "educational strategy". No one who invented any part of an iPad grew up with one. The further into my tech career I go, the more I like a bog standard whiteboard and a notebook and pen. They let me focus on thinking about hard stuff, instead of thinking about how to use some oversold software. Totally agree. I think there's is a huge need to teach children logic, but not code. This makes perfect sense: digitise (as we say now) admin and busywork, to let teachers shine at teaching. When Amazon starts selling cars, and cuts out the money spent on main dealer premises and people in suits sat around all day doing very little. That's when you know the future's here. All my other comments have been said, apart from: what the heck did the bit about karma have to do with anything? If it'd said "Jesus is the reason you're born to your parents" rather than karma, I'm pretty sure that would've rightly attracted some anti-proselytizing comments. Karma or "the universe" aren't any less religious ideas - are we just trained to be offended by some things and not others? I THOUGHT Django generated a random secret! What's MF on about? This is one of the best things I've ever read! Coding that with no hindrance would be totally beyond me. Doing it by voice is astonishing. The "some confidence level" is the problem - how do you come close to quantifying and removing all the other effects that are involved? This stuff always just becomes something that can be debated away if the advertising lead is popular, or otherwise used as an excuse to fire him/her. What on earth is nanosecond data resolution? Does it just means file create/modify timestamps are saved with that level of precision? If so, who cares about that? If you measure complexity as LOC then Haskell will do well, but you may not end up with uncomplex code :-) I'm VERY curious about this! Backend web services not being the sexiest / most theory-requiring subject. How did you convince the client, and why did you choose Haskell for this over, say, .NET, which throws a web service up quicker than it took me to type this? What sort of productivity are you achieving? You must be thinking of something else. This is just a card reader that you type a number into that your bank tells you to type, and that in combination with typing your PIN in (and having your card inserted) spits out a number on a little screen, which you type back into your bank's website. Takes about 1 minute to do, and you don't need it for every action. E.g. you use it for adding a new account payee and for making a first (or very large) payment to a payee. Pretty sure you both mean Scrum. My company sells a product that just does integration between things, and the main way to program it is a visual language that does impedance-matching between XML data structures, loops, conditionals, etc. For that it works really well, and is superfast. But I can't imagine using it for general-purpose programming. Remember when "university" meant "for anyone"? Why should Harvard tuition fees cost anywhere near what it costs to incarcerate someone 24/7? As in they were universally accessible, not that everyone should go to one. I.e. not just education for the rich, education for the smart. Some of the article was okay (although you can cherry-pick a lot to achieve a conclusion) but Langer's study in particular seemed very dubious. They "looked younger"? Stop - that's just way too objective for me! I agree - I would love to see a film, but I can't imagine how it'd work. Message-oriented stuff has been around a long time, so I don't think it's a fad. It's basically taking the concept of "integration" (or API) itself and creating a product for it, just as a database is a product for the concept of persistence. Thus just as not every application has to reinvent a database, with a messaging product not every product has to reinvent queueing up integration calls if the target system isn't available. The article also mentions request-reply being "what you really want", I think that this is a) not true, as a lot of the time you can fire and forget, and b) when you need it the products generally provide a request-reply API on top of their lower-level APIs. No need to reinvent. @jachee there were many issues with LPTHW, despite its cool branding. Here's a list compiled by some who had to repeatedly walk people who used it through the many problems it introduced to their learning process: https://sopython.com/wiki/LPTHW_Complaints I hope you carry on with Python! Maternity leave in theory has the same disadvantage, as generally women take this more than paternity leave (though I think that's changing) - it can be combatted by public denigration of companies that consider men to be preferable hires on the basis of lower risk of disruption and lower costs. Thus I don't think it'd be a problem. The numbers scale regardless of what percentage of the day everyone "really works". Which bit sounds sarcastic? "This is what you get when bean counters run tech companies." Yeah, letting the COO be CEO isn't necessarily a good idea in a tech company. I've understood what he's said just fine, richmarr, and you're definitely coming across in the way he's interpreting. You _seem_ to have a problem that you're struggling to define, other than a nebulous issue of "respect" which, as he's pointed out, should have absolutely no bearing on how scientifically legitimate something is. (Indeed, objections such as that are often an alarm bell.) So: he hasn't assumed that you mean people other than researchers. If there is actual research happening then cite one example (as he already asked). He's also explained that any serious researcher wouldn't give two hoots about respect, and would only want to discover the truth, whatever it may be. Do you agree with that? This is all rather pointless when Scilly drove Apple into the ground and Jobs subsequently sent it into the stratosphere. I'm no Jobs fan at all, but that much is obvious. Look at how badly Jobs treated his subordinates and family for an actual criticism of him. I'm a new parent who codes, and it is difficult, but not impossible. I would note that you keep attempting to analyse (or rather, guess) the emotions of people you disagree with, and it might be better to stay logical and systematic in order to communicate effectively. Probably, because they have to work weekends! 'Using your definition of freedom of speech we could easily justify not outlawing murder: "We should just educate people not to murder each other instead of banning it."' Freedom of speech is a very high value because sometimes extremist views (such as "we should rebel against the British") are a good idea, yet if there are anti-extremism laws, this sort of idea would never be surfaced, because extremism can be defined however the enforcer chooses to define it. Why you think this also applies to murder? Funny how people think that throwing a syntax error is "Draconian" just because it's HTML. if(vendor.name == "Apple") open(arms); The graphs showing what different ages groups have saved for retirement seem to forget that older people have had more time to save. The only new thing was a capacitive touchscreen, which allowed more responsiveness to a touch input. It just came along at the right time. It's really not. Calm down and don't pick up on one minor point and reply with a giant response. Obviously no one else thinks that cars are unnecessary. Well there is, because you get autonomous trains today due to the massively reduced problem space. It was nice that they followed the Microsoft flat design stuff. Weird that it was all psychedelic, though. That was hilarious. > It's fine if people enjoy socializing over dinner, but let's not arbitrarily assume it's morally superior. Why mischaracterise as an arbitrary moral thing to latch on to the current zeitgeist and make it seem somehow worse? It's a bit like saying getting kids to eat less junk food is an arbitrary moral imposition. Adds nothing. > A device-free social event makes as much sense to me as having an equipment-free sporting event. A bad analogy is like an equipment-free sporting event: it has no objectively measurable goals. Yeah, there was absolutely nothing wrong - the writer had already done what could be reasonably be expected, and the remainder is now for the reader to not mess up their interpretation of a very simple question. > And quite frankly, most "real-life" interactions seem to be pretty much the same. Just sitting around with phones talking about things you saw on the [social] Internet This is a bit of a sad statement. What about conversation in a group, or debate in a meeting at work, or communicating with your children, or any other kind of relationship? Not everything can be showing each other videos, as YouTube can already recommend better than humans can. Yes, a much more predictable response to a reasonable article is laughter at nonexistent moral panic. It's part of a crude, mimicked categorisation system that less analytical people sometimes subscribe to. Elitist is not a real criticism here - no one needs to be elite to access "not giving your kids so much time on addictive electronics". They were obviously implying that, yes. Then just backpedalling for some strange reason. No one is bragging. They are just talking. And the point isn't that no kid can cope with massive exposure to technology, it's that now, all kids have access to it. A kid from the 90s who grew up on it was probably pretty smart to be able to access that stuff, and could potentially cope better with it than another kid (although you can have very poor social development and still get paid a lot, so the job thing doesn't really prove anything) - now, all kids have access, if their parents let them. I'm not saying it's bad, necessarily. I'm just concerned by the lack of logic in a lot of these pro-technology responses. Film idea: a young Indiana Jones and Samuel L Jackson's character from Snakes on a Plane attend a church like this as teenagers. Anyone else got goosebumps? @libertymcateer - the scope is still broader than what you're focusing on: first of all, it's not just software patents (I know you mention this, but it's worth emphasising) and secondly it could be a company you have a share in sueing a company Facebook has a share in, about ANY patent infringement. That act alone is enough to revoke your company's licence to use React. With enough training data I reckon I could write an AI for forums that filters out this sort of suggestion. "Americans are the largest pet owners in the world" -1 No need to bring Americans' weight into it! This article definitely creates and then never uses unnecessary three letter acronyms (uTLAs). Awesome watch. But they are anachronistic, if you'll pardon the pun. Any $0.50 quartz watch keeps better time! Perhaps, but the ratio of number of people involved to complexity is much higher in making a watch like this. This is an interesting alternative to having a newspaper website: a newspaper via email. Not the first, I'm sure, but possibly the best organised. Dude, why are you apologising so profusely? Your beliefs are not a problem either way! 50 isn't old, and well done for achieving success in different areas of work! Heh this was exactly my thought. I've no idea why they couldn't just store the data in a database! Or if they really have several ways of storing data, then have a database for each and a common API/ESB layer over the top. Seems normal. Not sure how just having a new API on top of a database doesn't achieve the same? This is my attitude to the React PATENTS file - yeah okay I probably won't be big enough to worry about it, but just in case I am, why take the risk with React? They know that what you wrote on the whiteboard was definitely your work. Also a big fan of Liquibase here, on SQL Server. I've used Redgate in the past, which is even graphical etc, so simpler to use for slightly less technical DBAs. Alembic is amazing, but AFAIK only works with its author's (world-beating) ORM, SQLAlchemy. I didn't think it was a general-purpose database change tool. This is a good hackers and painters juxtaposition: in STEM, it doesn't have to be novel as long as it is better. In art it doesn't have to be better as long as it's novel :-) Is this a stealth "I'm done with the small delta of novelness Arc already has and am stopping on it. If you can't appreciate that then you need to look harder" article? :-) Yeah I like Gates, much more than Jobs or Ellison, for example. I'm sure he was far from perfect, but he's pumped more money (and convinced others to pump more money) into big causes than probably most others on the planet. Ballmer on the other hand - both an idiot who stopped Microsoft doing much good for ten years, supported a stupid HR manager in her talent-scaring practices, and also helped give MS its bad reputation. Good job mate. "But I thought the internet removed all boundaries?" And yet inexplicably I still can't walk through walls. Might be better off spending £5k+ on personal gifts for each decision maker than bothering with Web advertising if it's that few people you're targeting :-) The website is a bit titchy on my Android phone (OnePlus 3T). Bit off-putting as I assume it's built in UnderExpress? Does the new Firefox have a password sync feature like Chrome's? I'd much rather trust Mozilla with that sort of thing (especially if I could host my own backend to it somewhere) than Google. As an aside, one silly thing that tarnished Mozilla's brand for me was the treatment of Brendan Eich. I may not agree with his donation of money but I think impinging on his rights is a far more fundamental immorality than what he was accused of. It's like Twitter's controversy over blue ticks. If they'd only given them as a result of identity verification, and not used them to indicate Twitter's approval of someone's beliefs, then they wouldn't be where they are now. Stick to good tech and fighting for relevant causes, e.g. net neutrality, I say. No one is being punished - I'm not their parent not their government. Which is sort of my original concern. Mozilla was neither of those things to Brendan Eich, and yet more and more we see employers and influencers behaving as though they are. That's my point - I don't want them to spend their money on being a general-purpose morality organisation. I want a browser maker who specifically argues for the most foundational and important of needs regarding the internet. I don't want a social justice crusader who values PR above all. Quack!!! "The real value of Flask is that it makes you appreciate what Django does by default" I have exactly the opposite experience: Flask is nicer than Django; SQLAlchemy is better than Django ORM. Love a bit of Flask. +1 > However it is debatable since Apple is 'only' providing a template/example which the user must actively turn into a 'shortcut' to have this functionality. Or at least that's how I understand this feature works. According to the linked site, this is a premade shortcut that Apple supplied, not something the user needs to create. Just click install and it works, was how I read it. Eep, I thought it would tell me! Is there a quick way to navigate to that date? For 7 of those years Poetry didn't exist. For the 8th year however Poetry and Pipenv have been pretty big news in the Python packaging world. Yes, they toned it down, but still to a wording that suggests a formal recommendation. If you find the discussion, it was not meant to be an exclusive recommendation. Bit of a mistake, in my opinion. using venv and pip/requirements.txt is simple enough for me Sure - it depends on what you're doing. Requirements.txt won't work if you're writing a library; you'll need to move (or duplicate) your dependencies into setup.py. Agree; there are multiple issues in Poetry's Github associated with installing inside Docker. If that's fixed, I'd be much happier with it. You need to put this all somewhere better than a HN comment. I will then immediately share it on HN (-: P.S. no src/ folder? I feel like that's quite a nice idea, although I come from a Java background, so perhaps it just feels familiar. Sort of, but don't read too much into it. If I can use Perl, I can do it in one line of bash. > With malicious ads being the primary vector for compromising a person's computer, calling these tools virus blockers would not only be more accurate, but it would make it harder for sites to counter their use from a public relations point of view. I don't understand this. How are malicious ads the primary way to compromise a computer? Interns also don't read articles properly. It's even more brutal reading articles properly and realising he wasn't an intern. Your comment just triggered the box model. Which is what I call my flashbacks about when hasLayout was true or not. lol This seems a legit argument in 1000 years by a historian who wanted to logic why drugs clearly couldn't have needed prescriptions. Yes - it really should be spheres, but ones that cannot use other spheres for support :-) > Freedom, especially of speech should never be expressed as a right. Wow, an attack on free speech! Luckily you're allowed to voice it with no repercussions. Ah, "serious work". That well-known absolute thing that is the same for everyone. > Surely there's a CPU/disk trade off at some point At an extreme case, yes. Disk is SO CHEAP. I really don't think this is what you think it is. You can use Istio for this already, where one cluster is the master: https://istio.io/pt-br/docs/setup/install/multicluster/share... I've never tried across cloud providers, and so I don't know if latency would be a factor, but I think in theory it could work. You can also join clusters with Istio just for admin and network traffic, i.e. one cluster with Istio in Azure and another cluster with Istio in AWS, talking via the mesh infrastructure. https://istio.io/pt-br/docs/setup/install/multicluster/gatew... That's a pretty cool set of things, at least in theory. Wouldn't mind a project where I could try them all out! > A lot of countries are spending a lot of money to reverse that sentiment right now. Yes, they are currently expensive, but blaming people for having children isn't going to fix anything. I think it's more about why people blame the government or society for the economic ramifications of this choice. We certainly trust scientists' software too much :-) Yes, but they crushed it. How much more quantitative could you get? A task is either crushed, or not crushed. > I support free speech in principle, but internet platforms are such a powerful megaphone for spreading misinformation, the likes of which history has never seen This analogy is misleading, because it does not make it clear that in this situation, everyone has a megaphone. No, because children don't have a right to work. Yes, code extraction is deeply worrying. I installed Kite once, but never enabled it for this reason. I notice noone's mentioned Tidelift. Why is that? A patient is not consulting an expert. A medical student is. Who would be very keen to hear some war stories. I don't understand why changing a title tag would require any code. Is it the framework or the code? (I don't know Vue, but this smells a bit.) > An API that could have been completed in 2 months will now take almost 4 months because I’ve wasted time putting in artificial stopping points along the way. My imposter syndrome starts to set in, but at least management will have pretty burndown charts. This seems to be a failing of the author. https://quoteinvestigator.com/2018/06/19/forgive/ > Anabella is a software engineer with a love for visual design. Her resume is a public page in Notion, making it viewable to the many hiring managers out there browsing the web (and others who might share). This is a weird testimonial. Any frontender should be making their own cool resume website, and not using a website generator! If you sign up for a free Cloudflare account you get HTTPS, and you can point it at a Github Pages page for FREEEEE :-) Plenty of things don't cure depression. Doesn't make them bad. It's localness by homogeneity rather than geography. A bit like current Amazon deliveries, then. This is silly. Everyone knows there are facts. What you're replying to assumes this already. Lots of open source services springing up...that only run on CosmosDB. Yeah that seems better. I can imagine a market for something like that driving a wireless router, or part-driving a fridge or an aircon, to reduce your bill a bit in summer. Show HN what you did :) I love PA, but I wouldn't say that using them is "being done with it". Containers are pretty useful for all sorts. I cringe whenever I have to use a language accelerator. It's as easy as knowing the next number in the sequence: 1, 2, 4, ? :-D The default is pip + python3 -m venv. They're not turning off encryption; they're allowing law enforcement decryption. Whether or not you think that's okay, it's not the same thing. Commenting on the PR-friendliness of something is generally the least valuable of contributions. The death of Zoom means the dominance of Teams. Hope we're happy with the trade. Firefox is funded by Google, mostly. So it's free because you're the product. If you have a warrant, the police can both break into your house and see your records, no glass required. > Oh great! The correct response :-) It's headless, so what're you going to train editors on? The API? > The new approach violates Amazon’s mantra that every decision must put the customer first, said Tim Hughes, a consultant who used to work in product management at Amazon. “Why would their brand be a better option for consumers?” said Hughes, chief operating officer of a firm that helps brands manage Amazon accounts. “It doesn’t necessarily have to be cheaper, or better, or anything. So then what’s their justification to say, ‘We’re just going to put this up in front of everybody else’? This is just another example of Amazon being able to manipulate the platform for its own good use.” Tim Hughes should probably figure out that the previous system had exactly the same properties I hadn't thought of it like that. But is it any different than if they paid for analysts to provide them that info? > Lots of things that are "normal" become highly anti-human when done with Amazon's scale and lack of human review/input. This would make more sense if the consumers benefiting were not human. MQTT is common. > This should just be the default assumption at this point and we should talk about if that is ok for society, not keep feigning surprise at the offense of the day. This is almost good, but doesn't take into account the fact that everything is equally like this. The sociology professor who constantly tweets about racial hatred makes their job more prominent. The president who tweets about the Chinese virus engages their base. It's not just some businesses, because that behaviour of businesses is driven by the fact they're run by people. It's just how some people behave. Why these things aren't completely standardised (i.e. pick from options 1-5 for your privacy policy) is beyond me. > Meet our competent team of scientists, technicians and entrepreneurs. We have competent solutions for your needs. Maybe a thesaurus? It's more like if a big bully were taking your money, so to make sure he got less, you built off-shore fabs. Web Graffiti as a Service! Seriously though, I always wondered why something like this didn't exist. Very cool. Is this coming up because their app store didn't work very well? Not just iffy :) > For starters, Rudin said, “We kind of proved that you can’t do facial recognition from blurry images because there are so many possibilities. So zoom and enhance, beyond a certain threshold level, cannot possibly exist.” Least needed "proof" ever. Is "Life Mode" basically, "we conserve our small battery's life by not having any processing while the screen's off"? > If people cared about society more than money Money is only a way to measure relative value of one thing vs another to people who have things (or time) want things (or time). Money is the wrong thing to focus on. It's like blaming air for carrying bad words. This is interesting. Do you have (or know of) a published comparison somewhere? Has nimbleindustries.io been down more since Github's acquisition by Microsoft? Not yet :) :-) Cloudflare is amazing, yes. Everyone should use it by default, I say. That's not a conclusion, it's a theory. Yeah it's only needed for projects that might change. Anything you can guarantee will never change, is fine. The numbers on Github Enterprise might be different. They probably roll out changes to the free/$4 per month Github first. > it's possible that everyone else moving to all-WfH helped to cause it No, MS prioritising Teams land grabbery is what caused it. GitLab would certainly "feel" like a better bet. But I don't think there's much in it. If it's a free platform, perhaps some GNUers like the idea of their code being hosted on Microsoft's dime :-) The hard bit is checking that all the dependencies you're about to delete are not used anywhere else. This isn't just a mistake. They're saying it's not a problem. Do you agree with that? If not, you're arguing with the wrong person. > politics permeates society No, it's a pitfall people fall into when they read politics into any topic. I sell sharp knives as "surgeon empowerment" devices. Anyone can surg! Wow, you're doing some groundbreaking stuff! Yes indeed. Subsets of it are real, but it's also used as a lazy shortcut that hides reality. He walks a difficult path well. For what services? I don't think accidental genocide is a thing. Code that's written a certain way just to make it unit testable is less common in something like Python, where mocking is super powerful. Or "containers". You can do a very similar thing with CloudFlare and any free/cheap backing store (e.g. S3, Github Pages, etc). Yeah it feels they're just being pushed to out-everything Gitlab, to kill a competitor, before relaxing and stagnating. This is very cool. When you say "CMS", do you have (or look to have) CMSey features such as language translation support and approval workflows? Being overly firm when they've already changed it now is a bit silly. Tableau and PowerBI are way too expensive to power anything public-facing. > We laid ourselves bare as a tax haven This sort of silly emotionalism gets the conversation nowhere. If you can't write good rules to make companies give you money for efforts mostly done in other countries, what do you expect? Apple is ultimately normal people as well, either buying from them or working for them. > Temporal/Cadence are targeting nondomain specific workflows, so they have to be imperative. I'm not sure that follows, although it's interesting! BPMN, for example, is a declarative way of defining processes that isn't domain specific. Did you have a look at that? I think it'd take some serious investment, probably using something like Electron, to make a combined Webmail and desktop mail client that's good and modern. But if someone did that, it'd be really interesting. I sort of think Google should do it with GMail, in fact. > The major problems I see with slack and similar is that it is too easy to lose messages. If I click a channel, but get distracted before I can properly read or act on it, the message is effectively gone forever (unless I remember, or the next time I happen to open the channel). If you push Command-LeftArrow (on Mac) it's like a back button for Slack channels. > To be honest this feels a bit to me like saying that cryptography doesn't work that well because it's difficult. The article itself even has examples of people for which it has worked well (eg Steve Jobs). No, the article specifically does not say that. It says the principle doesn't generalise well across people, for exactly the same reason cryptography doesn't. We have "don't roll your own crypto"; this article is the equivalent for "strong opinions weakly held". I don't know. I think their CloudFlare's pricing is pretty clear. > It's quite funny we are so used to this kind of capitalist view that thinks money solves all our issue. This is silly. No one thinks that. You're just not telling the difference between "necessary" and "sufficient". That sounds less hilarious, and more extremely useful free info and software. Yeah it's rather easier to say (with no evidence) "yes but that doesn't help 100 % of people" than to do something. Well done for doing something, DoreenMichele. Cheaper and more plentiful energy, food, cars, everything would make it unnecessary. "Waving a magic wand" statements aren't very helpful. > So what they're really saying is, all those other guys (the "well off") should pay more, and then they'd pay more, too. The well off don't pay much tax, and they will probably pay none at the top end (they'll donate to charity, for example, which they work at, and the charity will fly them around to their meetings, pay for accommodation, etc). Generally it's the middle class who end up paying tax until it's not worth working any harder. The company inherited a billion dollars with the Alibaba IPO around the time she became CEO, and she couldn't make it work. > but Knol suffered from the problem you'd expect if everyone gets to write their own self-promotional competing article on a topic Now we have Quora, of course. > If you get one of the top 5, you're golden. However, they might prefer the real expensive enterprisy solutions. This can be mitigated, as if Stacker offer the top 5 a massive licence discount compared to big enterprisey tools, so they're making more profit on the same result, then they'll pick it. And for the big enterprisey solutions that are built in an old, expensive way, they won't be able to compete on price for long, which could be interesting. Yep - SQLAlchemy's JSONB type is awesome as well. It's made life so much easier for relatively unstructured data! I also was. Dust to dust? Columnar is just a specialisation, like graph or document. It's not a general-purpose improvement on relational. > That's completely the wrong comparison and context. By the rest of your comment, it looks as though it's an excellent comparison. How would engineers taking an oath help the situation? > "We'll just ping the image very 6 mos" - you have to iterate and discover every image and tag in the accounts then pull them, retry if it fails. Oh and bandwidth isn't free. Set up CircleCI or similar to pull all your images once a month :) Also, he wasn't rude. The responses were. It's weird that you know more about what a CEO is worth to a business than the business' owners do. The CEO generally is the top employee. Jobs was worth more because he also had a significant ownership percentage. Yeah. The equivalent would be saying the lottery is easy by only looking at lottery winners. It is a bit slow. It loads some stuff it thinks I want to see before letting me type into the one input box, which isn't even focused, so I have to tap in it to summon the keyboard), and only then can I type something. I went to English and got a load of Downfall parodies, followed by something to do with escaping the "Luciferean state". 2/10 would not recommend (yet). Well it might be single occupant, but it's often also on the way to another gig. Ignoring that is double-counting. > Compared to the United States, countries like Japan, Germany, and others in Europe have been much more successful at containing the pandemic, even with their extensive public transport systems UK here. We contained it by mostly stopping using public transport. The efficiency case for public transport (in its current form) is inversely correlated with social distancing. > Americans do need better public transpiration options No-one has mentioned transpiration until now. This is a lie by changing the subject completely . Sigh. Various comments already pointing out console vendors also take a cut from physical game sales. I don't know where the "especially iPads" comes from - they are the only ones that could come even close to not being called a watch or a phone. What else apart from iPads are you talking about? Microsoft will tear down competitors by building just good enough alternatives and giving them away free/cheap. See Teams vs Slack/Zoom, Github vs Gitlab, etc etc. Nothing has changed. They have almost no alternative but to behave this way. You can already have multiple app stores on Android. They could've done that years ago. Of course, being in a crowded theater violates social distancing guidelines, so now you don't need to shout anything :-) > The big question in the room is should you be re-enacting historical slavery for fun? The same is true (if not worse) for murder. Should war be allowed? And now we have global reach. Windows can be sold everywhere for no extra cost. That was never the case before software. Spotting a trend is not as good as understanding a trend. Money is just "the relative value of things and services". Whatever system put in place to measure relative value will be gameable, and will also have many legitimate winners whose win lots of people don't understand. > This is likely in part because operating systems themselves also lack these facilities. This is a surprising statement. My impression was that OS file operations are generally async, with sync built on top. Who are you targeting? > For a recent confirmation of this, witness the enormous amount of effort expended on GPDR compliance. None of it could have been done before computing power became so cheap that it needed to be wasted on doing it. Everyone complains about useless procedures, but I think the real culprit is that we have no framework for discussing value. We do - money. That's why GDPR breaches cost lots of money - to make sure organisations don't allow breaches to happen. This is way too high level a statement, only good for satisfying an auditor. For actual security, it's much harder. No, welcome to online opinions of companies. He's saying when companies buy carbon offsets, they're potentially just giving money to people who would've planted the trees anyway. You're already taxed (potentially a lot) on fuel. Adding another tax that's harder to measure consumption for seems like a bad idea. I really like Miro. You can maybe make some money by maintaining and selling a Confluence plugin for enterprises :) It's also fully embeddable - there's a version that runs inside VSCode! Is jcm involved? Does Facebook sell that list? Where is it? "Why does not respecting a user's privacy make it evil" The question that the parent comment tries to answer is "what do we do so the backup driver does not watch his phone?". We should do the same thing we do to stop regular drivers watching their phones. > Else they will have just pressure to improve it to a point where it happens rarely and then stop there because its not worth the development cost. As ever, perfect is the enemy of good. Are there currently zero fatalities on the roads because cars are 100% safe? Or have they been developed to an acceptable standard of safety? Saying it's an attribution error is circular. It's a conclusion, not a premise. And I think it's wrong. If my car is on cruise control, that doesn't mean I can stop worrying about my speed. You can't always just blame the company because it's the bigger entity. How is the tiling with multiple monitors? > The name is childish and doesn’t inspire confidence either. Good point. Not like "Google" or "Bing". If you speak to Microsoft, it means "Stuff that isn't Microsoft software". "Not exclusive to XBox" could just be PC as well. The problem with this is the terrible analogies. Frequency hopping is just that - hopping. Not picking a single frequency. Hiding a tank works for a while, and you'll move it pretty soon so there's no time to find it. Setting your SSH port to be something unusual, and leaving it forever, is not the same as those. > If you're a small-co, you should absolutely move your SSH port, AND DEFINITELY disable passwords Totally agree. Except you can skip the port moving. What about a load of serverless functions? Yes. Microsoft wasn't automatically bad for the web because they were dominant. They were bad because they were a closed process, and soon after they won the browser wars they closed the Internet Explorer team, allowing no further progress to be made. Without the Mozilla team creating a credible, Windows-based rival, and subsequently Google creating Chrome, the Web would look really different today. Yeah - that's exactly like "master recording". Countering slavery is hard. Let's go renaming! > Majority of them are privileged right wing bigots That's amazing that you've met the majority of them. Did you write it up? > By using these platforms you are providing them with a source of revenue for free. Not for nothing - platform usage costs money. It's for the average per-user cost of building and running the platform. Because some people are tribal, and root for the underdog. Other people are impartial, and do not consider the relative size of parties when figuring out who's in the wrong. I liked it until it implicated all libraries (indeed, all institutions) in white supremacy. > it’s just a way to cut off younger voter’s access to information that is critical of Trump It may be a bad idea to do it, but this isn't the reason. Yeah you basically never close the response, right? Just keep appending! Chat is a good use case for it. Maybe with CSS these days you could make only the last child of a div visible, and have constant updates with no need for JS. Anyway. I quite like this idea of no JS. I know he said it would be evil to serve ads using MJPEG, but I'd probably prefer it if my page had less JS on it. > By redefining privacy as "we don't know you" instead of "we keep your stuff secure" their doing a clausewitz style offensive. You mean they know the difference between privacy and security? Okay, but "hard reality" isn't the same as "the newbie is redefining things". They ranked based on relevance, not who paid the most. That was new. You're missing the point. Tracking gives you numbers, but they are not accurate numbers. Your clients think they're beneficial because they don't know the numbers aren't accurate. Building funnels on top of bad data is not impressive. That's a bad idea, because it shows spammers which email addresses are valid. It's not even phrased like an opinion. It's "All cows are useless except one." It's a sign that we live in the best times ever. Author: Hi Mr Buffett, I'd like to speak to you about what you think most successful people do. Warren: No. Author: Oh, crap. I need to pay some rent. "Most successful people have one common behaviour: disseminate advice based on survivorship bias all the time." Why are Microsoft websites so slow? This is an unhelpful redefinition of luck. Try Miro. It's nice. And you can collaborate easily. > Fion is free because we want to make it easy for as many people as possible to track their spending across all their cards. This sort of statement is unhelpful because while it's true in a sense, it's not your business plan. Your business plan reason for making it free is you will capture a lot of users, and will monetise through advertising and freemium options. And that's fine. Saying it's free because you want to help people just sounds like empty marketing. SPAs also can scale better - CSS, JS and HTML all just static files, not rendered by a server. Maybe we need a chat protocol that does the same decoupling, then. I don't think this is accurate if Apple are purely objecting to posts that try and identify individuals, opening them up to violence. I don't know if that is the case, but if it is then they aren't taking sides. Also it's a company, not a single person, and companies change staff and leadership. Thinking that they're a person is a common fallacy. Almost as common as thinking of the state as one's eternal parent. > 5% of employees left, and the makeup of the 5% reflected that of the overall workforce. I have to think other companies paid attention to this outcome, although I wonder what internal polling and the like led to CB doing it. What's your read on this? Bad outcome or good? Sigh. Speculation. It's because tolerance is not what's actually being discussed. It's morality. No-one thinks we should tolerate rape or murder, or considers the locking in a box of those who commit those acts as being in any way intolerant, even though to a dictionary definition, it is. It's just about changing morals, with the idea of tolerance as the vehicle that smoothed the way. All the dichotomies dissolve when things are seen for what they are. Elon Musk probably has a couple of hours a night he could devote to getting large-scale private nuclear off the ground. From memory, GreenPeace are one of the main reasons we still produce so much carbon: they opposed nuclear power, so we stuck with coal and oil. > The problem is only if you assign a derogatory meaning to the word liability That's only true if you assign an appropriate meaning to the word derogatory. > It’s a liability in the sense that a rusty drain pipe covered in duct tape is a liability. You think of it as the source of your problems, but throwing it away would be worse. So in your analogy, what's the software equivalent of replacing the drain pipe? This is exactly it. Sure, but Wordpress is nothing to do with PHP lambdas. K8s lockin isn't the same. You can run it on any cloud, or run it locally. None of that is true for serverless functions (unless you go for knative, which is, yep, built on K8s). According to Medium. At the top of the article another name is given. Are you chiding someone for knowing and communicating their confusion and assumptions? When someone is already communicating enough self-awareness to obviate that, either contribute clarifying information or say nothing. This really isn't the problem at hand. I'm amazed that in a global lockdown, where digital communication and connection are more important than ever, that you see only negative benefit to users in Facebook. This articles is a bit silly. History includes the history of creation and discovery. It's possible that much less prominence was given to people who write about creativity than now, but that's just a great sign that enough useful stuff has been invented and developed (creatively) that our economies can support more people who write stuff online for a living. > At its core, "artificial intelligence" is a perilous belief that fails to recognize the agency of humans. This article fails at the very first sentence. Point being that software developers automate away their own manual tasks (and even entire jobs) faster than they automate anything else. But that's a bit of a simple perspective. Not so long ago, a third of the population of Europe were farmers. Do you think that farming automation concentrated all the wealth in the remaining farmers' hands, leaving nothing for anyone else? Or did the resulting plummet in food costs allow us to figure out other jobs that added previously inconceivable value in other areas? > already have some Patreon money for the assortment of homeless websites and the like that I already run which will be used to support this effort. Forgive the question, but is it a good idea to spend money donated to homeless websites on this other venture? The magic is in knowing which trivial API commands to call to make the infrastructure match the desired state. I'm currently working on a little project backed by Firebase. Really interesting. Good to hear you're doing this - at my day job one of our key factors in choosing a technology is whether we can spin it up in docker-compose in CI and do real-as-possible ephemeral integration tests. I don't think that's necessarily true. Google Cloud functions give you 2 million invocations free a month - that's almost 1 per second. You can keep adding another 2 million for $0.40 at a time. It's not terrible. Not having to install anything (or upgrade anything ever) is indeed pretty amazing. Not having to install anything on any OS or phone with a browser (or upgrade anything ever) is indeed pretty amazing. Literally the first line of the website makes it clear: > PAPPL is a simple C-based framework/library for developing CUPS Printer Applications, which are the recommended replacement for printer drivers Don't forget the ur-patent: There is nothing new under the sun. How does the immigration system violate human rights? No. The point being made is that if your speech is being suppressed for whatever reason, you will care about free speech. If you're not being suppressed, you won't even realise you have it, and will happily advocate for censorship. Money will likely to go those who employ people who are good at writing convincing grant applications. 'Twas ever thus. Is the purpose of making it available to anyone to crowd source images and metadata? Hi I'm Apple and I'd really like daringfireball to not render in any iOS browsers as it's irrelevant. They should've tied a bungee cord round the new one just as a joke the owners would definitely not find funny. Connect that to a printer and yet another reason for on-prem IT goes away. When you visit a Netflix content URL it automatically plays sound and moving pictures without any user interaction! Evidence of Google owning Netflix? This sounds like a recipe for endless consultancy firms to make lots of money out of failed IT projects. Oh, wait. That already happens over here! It doesn't have nothing to show - lots of stuff did get usefully upgraded (thankfully) although of course nowhere near 11 billion's worth. It's the public sector commissioning the private sector in matters that it often doesn't understand. This will fail far more often than it will succeed. Now CypressJS has a Firefox backend it's less forgiveable. > I wasn't thinking 'how do they do that', I was thinking 'this is a bit pretentious'. Everyone experiences things differently. Some people see a sports car and think, "Wow, I wonder how it works?" Others, "Wow, I hate that colour." Doesn't really matter. > I would argue that technology that is better designed to make nefarious purposes harder to achieve, rather than just dumping features onto the user, is innovative. Redefining general terms is the thing that adds the least possible value to a conversation. It often just makes things worse. Ah, an internet psychiatrist and control freak all in one. A couple of their examples at least seem a bit off - apparently Youtube Music isn't as good as the previous one, and Wave, while incorporated a bit into their office products, lacks the central feature that made Wave Wave. > A proposed change to provincial inheritance laws, the Uniform Access to Digital Assets by Fiduciaries Act, was put forward in 2016 by an independent group of lawyers, judges and academics, of which Lown is a member. > It would solve these sorts of problems for Canadians but, so far, only Saskatchewan has made it law. > "Ultimately we need this nationwide," said estate lawyer Daniel Nelson. > "This will force these giant tech companies to deal with the problem, because as it stands right now, good luck trying to get a hold of anyone in one of these companies who are almost always based in California." > Only when Canada has that kind of "leverage," said Lown, will tech companies accommodate the needs of Canadians. Sounds as though Canada is to blame here. > Facebook seemed a terrible idea when it first came out It's funny, this. According to the movie, they just ask MZ to clone another uni's digital facebook. Presumably because that one worked well enough. Somehow, Scott Hanselman's blog theme looks as though it was designed by the person who made Encarta's desktop icon. How're you finding React Native? I'm surprised the site doesn't convert a dupe post to an upvote (if the user hasn't already upvoted). Having a button which people can use to forward a message (or forward it) - with a cryptographic guarantee of who it came from - to the authorities would be useful. E2EE preserved, and in fact utilised. "DevTools now shows server side events in the Network panel" Someone nontechnical wrote these notes - it's Server Sent Events. > All components use to build Makeswift sites are React components and we are planning on opening that up so that third-party developers can create components any Makeswift user could drop in to their website I'm being a bit facetious, but why would you need this if marketers can control everything already? :-) > Breaking character for a moment, a friend of mine recently got this recruiting email from Google, who has elevated gaslighting to an art form: somehow the fact that it takes two months to get through their process has become a selling point. The quoted email in no way supports this statement. Is your heart telling you that you should get people to buy the product you've got professional experience with? Or the slightly deeper Palo Tenor. > How Apple learned automation can't match human skill Super generic title. Has it replaced all its software with humans? Hopefully they're not paid to write articles, then. Well, Javascript has similar dynamism and yet v8 exists. I'm not saying the investment will ever happen for Python, but I do think it's possible for humans. > It is no secret that the taxes and duties that are applied to imported phones are highest in India. The taxes are so high that for an important iPhone that you will end up paying an average tax of Rs 24,000 for something like an iPhone 12 or iPhone 12 Mini. > However, despite the sky-rocketing prices, iPhone still sells best in India and the buyers give whatever price Apple asks them to pay. So for a business, that is not a bad deal at all. Not really a good deal for Apple. More like an amazing deal for the Indian government. > Kinda like a Harvard MBA sent weekly to your inbox. This might be more offputting than you think (: I think the conclusion is a bit unbalanced. Plenty of trips are short range and people don't have unlimited cash to replace their bikes with even cheap cars. If it's there, they may well use it a lot of journeys which they'd otherwise have used a car for - popping to the shops, going in to town or going to a nearby friend's house. This statement ignores the prices. Just look at the prices and you'll see there's no way anyone thinks they're paying for an expert. > Yeah if you get realistic about it, courts in the USA simply see it the way of the party with the most money all the time. You can interpret laws until you're blue in the face, but they get to break the rules. This is a result of money being a proxy for competence. Not sure the "literally" things are anything to do with this. Only the "arguably violates DMCA" is relevant, and we already knew it was arguable. > Take down chrome then its "intended to circumvent copyright protection measures" as you can clearly watch these youtube videos with chrome. No-one out there thinks there's any problem watching them on Youtube, where royalties can be traced and paid. > open source ripoffs What's an open source ripoff? > If strong man Randy Savage wanted to give a public speech on your front lawn, you should have the right to say no because that's your property. You should also be able to say yes. Correct. Because of private property laws, not free speech. The problem isn't (exactly) whether companies have a right to do this. The problem is that increasingly they are our primary method of communication, and want to be, and with lockdowns, have to be. If private companies are the only way we communicate, we may still have a free speech problem. Just as if everyone only communicated using yoghurt pots and strings, and a private company owned the strings and decided whose should be cut. It's not people being upset, it's that talking about irony and juxtaposition is not helpful. Making a simple case is a lot more effective than vague comments on other people's cases. Ironically, Twitter is already like this with follows and likes allowing people to construct their own bubbles. > I make the majority of my money flipping stuff and working in service industry jobs and occasionally find work as a designer, developer, photographer, videographer, video editor, and much more....I know how to do a lot of things, but finding a job isn't one of them. If you're doing all those things, it sounds like you're finding lots of skill-based jobs, as well as selling directly. In what way don't you know how to find a job? Really, really interesting. I struggled to find prices for the cloud editions? Thanks both! Could not find that! I'll nominate myself as silly question asker. Has this been used as the persistence for an event sourcing service? Does that sound like a good/terrible idea? Does it play nicely with SQLAlchemy? Thank you (both of you!). Agreed - I mean the design pattern, but I was being a bit vague. That is pretty awesome. I'd love to see a postgres-aware cache plugin that keeps the latest versions of data in memory, SAP HANA-style. He co-founded The Intercept, for one thing! > FWIW, they explain exactly how they'll make money in the website (under Pricing) and in this thread. No, they explain how they currently hope to make money. That's a long way from being the same thing. People's names could be in their logins, which means you have a portion of their employment record. > This commonly comes up in discussions where folks release software under a license that allows some bad behavior (like plagiarism) and then complain when that plagiarism happens. People inevitably respond with some low brow blame-the-victim nonsense, "well, that's what you get for using a license that allows it." This feels wrong. How can someone be a victim of an act they voluntarily declared was okay? Yes, sure, but that's not a useful analogy when it comes to what people picked for their licence. There's no equivalent "company you were working for" to blame a process failure on, and picking the wrong licence isn't even a process failure. It's either an individual failure at the time, or it's someone who changed their mind. I'm not arguing whether or not it's nice to do this, but I think it's important to be clear that what you set out in your licence is important, and your fault if it's wrong. Still remember those Hornet missiles from FreeSpace. So satisfying! (Veteran pilot of Elite, TIE Fighter, X-Wing and Wing Commander here.) I'm amazed people still trust audits. The BBC game Exile had a "novella" that came with it - the story of how things came to be before the player arrives. The copy protection had you look up a page number, line number, word number to proceed. Fun stuff. (I just found the text! http://inventivity.co.uk/exileami/novella.htm ) (And the game! http://bbcmicro.co.uk//jsbeeb/play.php?autoboot&disc=http://... ) In fact, how they squeezed what they did out of the BBC B is amazing. Ah, pointless exclusion of the middle. It's not, because it is a real DB. It's just one for single user access only. It's not exactly a language choice at that point. That's like saying C++ is a good language because Excel exists. This feels like those little robots from Big Hero 6 made real. I love it. > This is such a nothing statement Nope > How is that different from setting a price list on their website? They hope people will pay them doesn't mean they will Agree; I would make the same comment if someone claimed a price list meant a business was stable and worth relying on. > Over the years, it has been a waste of time to explain ourselves why we need to charge for our labor. This is the last time I say anything about this. Trolls will be blocked. How badly does someone need to misunderstand a topic to write something like this? No one mentioned charging being bad. > they sell products that can kill people All car manufacturers sell products that can kill people . How do you know no lives have been saved? I've seen footage of Teslas autobraking to avoid collisions ahead that happen a couple of seconds later. Does that not count? Regulated doesn't mean safe. It means a little, but not a lot, compared to the internal practices of the companies under regulation. And regulation in no way - in no way - addresses the fact that medicine isn't close to 100% safe before adoption, and neither should self-driving cars be. As long as they are safer than humans, that's enough. Any other conclusion will cost lives. Agree with all of that, except that for some companies logos are used as a substitute for internal expertise. Most people who know what they're about will also know that companies sometimes pay to have other companies use their product, just for the logo on the presentation. Or that it could just be used in one little local office of a multinational. Or that it's just shelfware, bundled with whatever it is they bought that they actually wanted. Everyone else thinks, "Oh wow, X are using it? Must be good!" And it grabs those people as customers. And that's why it's done. Excel enables even less technical people than Wordpress configurers. It provides 99.999999% of the solution, and the rest can be done with macros, pivot tables, etc. That's why it's a good example, I'd say. I'm struggling to connect how healthy relationships, marriage or teamwork have anything to do with software being published under a licence, used accordingly by a third party, and the original licensor becoming upset at it being used according to the licence they published it under. It seems like a lot of emotional language trying to obscure a pretty straightforward situation. No. I'm saying that Tara would have access to both my employer name and my name if they had my work email address as a login. That's nothing to do with my employer having my name. Sadly lots of jobs are things people the employee doesn't care about :-) I'm still not clear on what skill it is you're lacking to find a job - as you say, people find jobs at a young age, for the first time. It's not (exactly) a skill to practice in itself, although there are practicalities that can be hard to get right depending on one's situation. What is the (part of the) skill you think you're lacking? I wasn't claiming it was C-fast. I was replying to the parent comment on "humanly possible". Apologies if that wasn't clear. It's not my rhetorical hyperbole. It's in the article title, which doesn't leave any room for the millions of tasks at which automation far exceeds human skill. That would have been "Apple learned automation can't always match human skill". > Partner A needs to chill the fuck out and remember that partner B is a functioning adult that can survive multiple hours without the observation and worry of partner A. Telling people on the internet what to do. Doesn't sound very un-control freaky. Welcome to Don't Be Evil :) Same. I reread it at least once a year. It's only proselytising if it's Christian. All other worldviews get a free pass :) If a guy who was simultaneous chair at Oxford and Cambridge can work through it, it's probably doable. The quoted sentence is - I think - a fairly modern perspective, replacing the previous "god vs devil, with humans in the middle". You see it all the time in media - there are demons to fight, and humans fight them. Buffy, Supernatural, etc etc. The "we are god" trope is fascinatingly watchable. > any serious/useful service Sigh. That assumes all services talk to all other services directly. a) they probably don't, and b) message busses can help a lot. > Who says the monolith we had was a clean codebase with a solid toolchain? You didn't. They're just trying to force the issue for some reason by straw manning your decision. > Cloud Pubsub has HTTP and gRPC APIs That's not taxing us, that's just them (or businesses they, or non-rich people, run) getting some tax relief. They will still be either paying more tax or employing more people or investing in more companies that employ people than I do, that's for sure. VAT is not tax on revenue. Only the end customer pays VAT. That's still a problem, if you think companies minimising their tax is a problem. The game shifts to creating the correct structure to qualify for tax credits. Not to be confused with GitKraken ( https://www.gitkraken.com ) or KrakenD ( https://www.krakend.io ) I'm talking about the fact that this doesn't address the base problem. Also only one person is working on it - everyone else in the dev team seems to have been let go/fired. https://blog.darklang.com/dark-and-the-long-term/ It reads that there are some remaining millions of dollars, which now support a single employee. Is that a correct reading? The base problem being that tax law is gameable. That's what the article and comments are about. There's no receipt if it's a bank, for example. Fair. Good luck :-) Happy CircleCI customer. I didn't kill 'im, m'lud! The murder did! > Up and Then Down: The lives of elevators (2008) Surely "Ups and Downs"? Sim Tower was awesome! > There's not much real difference at all that I can see Not with a tickbox list of features, except that Cypress is insanely nice to use, whereas Selenium is fiddly and unpleasant. The "lesson" of "don't put stateless and stateful on the same VM" seems pretty off. Probably not - absolute standards of living will get even higher, but there will always be things only some people have, and more people want. (This applies with or without synthetic life doing stuff for us.) I don't have a problem, but if you're phrasing things like that then perhaps you're seeing an exchange like this as the equivalent to squaring up outside a pub. Disengaging. Presumably the curves in roads. All of your examples are for someone's own employer. I'm not talking about people who work for Tara. I'm talking about their customers. > even if we cannot concretely defend every premise in this first iteration, then it is sufficiently plausible that it should at least make us pause for thought The breadth of amazing and terrible things that this statement can apply to makes it all a bit meaningless. Depends on what colour sleeve you chose to premiere your new MacBook Air in at the local coffee roastery. > As others have pointed out, much of GitHub is written in Ruby. Security by oh yuck it's Ruby. Your personal git isn't relevant to the question. If it were me, Kubernetes with Kubeless, so you can switch vendor or self-host relatively easily. I sort of wonder why it isn't a content workflow in the background that triggers (say) a push to Fastly or Cloudflare to update a subset of cached content. Or maybe it is that, and that still takes 200 lambdas/sec. This sort of approach just seems too compromised. I really like the Kotlin Multiplatform approach, where a shared core of business logic can be imported into platform-specific code. Then you get all the features you'd like (e.g. iOS 14's new App Clips) with no leaky abstraction layer getting in the way of them or causing per-platform bugs. > a certain number of rounds Wow. Also happy with CircleCI here. Main problem for us is their limited support for efficient builds in monorepos. > a word in their language that sounds like "football" to refer to soccer Isn't that word, "football"? > One group condemned the plan as a public "Jurassic Park experiment". Exactly. I get that they might need to control the population. That's one thing. But making the mosquitoes 30ft tall and putting them on display as an amusement park is quite another. Said electorate is gradually moving elsewhere due to the issues and voting for the same policies that cause the same problems. > China’s securities industry watchdog said subsequently that recent regulatory changes could have a “major impact” on Ant’s business structure and profit model Fabulously successful Chinese businessman criticises China. China government's response: "That's a nice business you got there. Would be a shame if anyfin' were to 'appen to it." Is domain registration a big part of your hosting world? Surely anyone can register a domain with anyone and point DNS? > Electric Vehicle Startup Nikola Motors is using Crystal to power their software in production Not necessarily a ringing endorsement. I don't think Jack Dorsey would do that to a Democratic candidate. Wow, a self-burn. Those are rare. Your sample size is guaranteed to be too small to matter. You can say, "I am cynical about individual reports, and naive about Facebook, so I automatically believe the latter over the former" just as some will do the reverse. But there's no point pretending individual experience matters here. This is what FHIR is meant to be. > I know many HN commenters have a strong anti-public-service bent Welcome to a community that powers a lot of open source software, which powers a lot of the world. > if the government is providing your Internet service, then your service is protected by the constitution Nope. Did you know the constitution is a document, and not "stuff the government currently pays for"? Yummy pork. I assume the deal he negotiated with the buyer meant he got money and they didn't, and thus that was the only thing on offer. This is a confusing comment. If your mother doesn't need more than 8GB RAM, why should she have to pay for more? It's not as though you can't order more if you want it. It wouldn't force the industry to offer more. It would just mean purchasers such as your mother wouldn't buy a Mac. Multiple category errors here. If you spread that wealth (the non-stocks and shares kind, actual money) per-employee, you will not get very much money. That's why this sort of statement is silly. > It gets pretty complicated (and error prone), though, with the number of different code paths that have to be maintained. This seems a little unlikely. Unless the billing side of things was too complex? :) > I'm sorry that it feels that way. I think it is that way, and this is an attempt to make it feel a different way. The majority of most business' costs do not primarily scale with electricity usage. This often happens when companies make a good product and then let salespeople entirely take over the customer facing culture. Exactly. Certain SAAS companies (cough Datadog cough) seem to have very old school sales processes in place. I don't love the larger cloud providers, but at least they lay out their standard prices, supply a price calculator, and I can figure out if I want to use them without hearing someone tell me they'll have to "clear it with their director". > It's not your "fault" if you decide to use AWS services and become deeply integrated and they increase their prices by 10% and you can no longer afford their services... It's no one's fault. It's just unfortunate and all you can do is try to work around it, or close the company. It's your fault if you chose lockin. If you don't want to talk about fault, fine, but then don't go on to talk about fault :) > But the really fun part is that it turns out any time you track an outdoor workout on your Apple Watch it records your exact location every few seconds Eek Agreed, but I'm talking about ordering more initially. As in it's not a bad idea to have 2 options instead of one. > I'm not talking about people working for Tara -- I was only ever talking from the perspective of Tara's customers!!!! Sure, in your own comment thread that might make sense :-) I don't see why you think customer data is less worthy of GDPR than customers of customer data. > Democrats have an ascendant progressive wing that rejects corporate influence wholesale Who mostly organise and communicate on giant social media platforms, who they campaign to fact-check things. Not exactly wholesale rejection. Having a DNS-like system that resolved an individual's email address to an OpenID provider (or more than one?) might've been a good idea. Yeah, I know. What I'm saying is taking the seemingly low-hanging fruit of locked in technologies is a conscious decision to be competitive. It has very obvious pros and cons. The cons potentially materialising is part of the choice. > What is the point of saying this? Whatever criteria you used to justify asking this question probably also apply to it. Well yes, one wouldn't be talking to them in the first place if it were on the website. For many companies though "Enterprise" plans are always non-website prices, so there's nothing special about negotiating them, and the salespeople pretty much always are just saying that stuff to have a chance to go away, recalculate their monthly commission chances and figure out the price to try with you rather than actually seeking permission. > complex React/Angular applications, where invented complexity is the status quo and this kind of misdirection is simply what you have become desensitised to This. Redux is the worst for this. "Compose your reducers, which magic a state object out of defaults, and split your switch statement across a zillion files, and isn't it amazing how it's just Javascript?" - feels like a direct quote from every Redux tutorial and blog post ever. I yearn for "make your state an object, and have a big switch statement. Oh, and if that ever becomes unmanageable, only then think about reducers." > I like that some random guy on the internet is telling a guy who was in charge of the satellite internet on a military base that he doesn't know anything about satellite internet. I like that to you only one is a random guy on the internet. And I should know, I'm the president of the World Liking Things club, and you random guy on the internet have no business liking things like I do. Well, combineReducers etc are all in Redux. Hm, fair enough. That sounds cool. I've found React useState pretty amazing so far; I'll have to check out what's changed! Exactly! What's the point of a widescreen monitor if I can't have promises 10 levels deep? The pictures and their captions are a bit of keen self-parody on the part of the BBC. They're saying that sure, the name youtube-dl might well imply it's specifically for downloading things from YouTube, but that doesn't mean it's specifically for downloading video from YouTube. Not very lockdown friendly. What data would be required? A betting slip? (-: Yeah, or people flying on business trips. Some people fly and then stay in a hotel, instead of driving back and forth each day. > Am I supposed to trust them more than some man-in-the-middle just because they own a domain name? You can be assured that you are actually talking to them. That's a big step up from not being able to do that. > Coverage begins momentarily In this important event, I can only focus on how whoever wrote that doesn't know what "momentarily" means. It's worse than I thought, then. More than most people on the planet. It's not the websites that get that assurance. Maybe read up on it. > Now everything is good and JavaScript is great again, yet I wonder why it took so long Have you read it? It's saying Javascript has something like that. > Where does that leave people? With the choice to use it or not use it. Before that, they only had the choice to not use it. The article seems incomplete. Sure we may be burning three times more coal than we'd have to if we could perfectly convert it to energy. That has literally never factored into an argument I've seen about renewables - it's always "we currently produce X GigaWatts 24x7, and renewables don't let us do that". Saying we burn coal at 30% efficiency isn't addressing anything useful. And it's one of those articles where many won't completely follow it, but they'll come out with an impression that the premise is true because of some "sciency bits", when with some more content they could've actually been educated in something useful. Or you could say, "nuclear power would solve this quicker than anything" and you'd be right :-) I don't see why you'd both nitpick their terms of service, and then also claim that it's a pack of lies and can't be trusted. Why do the former and then the latter? If your complaint is just "I can't verify anything about their privacy" then that would've made sense. > They're irredeemable Or a few months later they'll have better staff and practices and it'll never happen again. I knew I'd read about this problem before! Well, I lived overseas for a few years, so I suppose I'm an International Man. Thank you for the support! > discriminating based on sex and national origin Disagree fully that this is automatically pejorative. If it's false (the first test of whether something can be considered pejorative) then explain why. If you can't, then the accusation falls at the first hurdle. If you can, then why bother with all the BUT THE RULES! nonsense when you could just say why the statement is false? Automating repeatable things to remove the need for some institutional knowledge is a good thing. > Linux gesture replacements I’ve tried feel like hacky proof of concepts. Shall I do it? I'm doing it. Shall I? Yes. It's proofs of concept. Exactly. It's too compact to have a complete offering. You keep talking about domain models and views as though domain models aren't written as well as read. Is this the ApEx? The gift that keeps on giving, for Oracle. Very, very similar to the tech stack we have in my engineering teams (other than we use Flask and SQLAlchemy instead of Django). Really like it. I've not heard of ClickHouse before, but that looks interesting. (If I had a requirement around time series, I was thinking of checking out Timescale - https://www.timescale.com .) He backed the HR lead personally; I think it was their thing. Sure, but at least Slack talked about adoption of Slack, rather than general "employee productivity". There is a difference. No, but little Hitlers lurk in every company! Wow, you win HN for today. Maybe I should start a community of bloggers telling each other how to better compete with each other. But what to call it? The Something Jerk? Maybe...Circle? It's not the same flow. What if I want to use docker-compose to spin up some services locally and test them? How does a linux VM help me compared to just running docker-compose up and having the details of needing a VM abstracted away? Seems a pointless thought experiment. If governments banned ARM and Intel chips then there'd also be lots of new companies. So what? The article likes them; you said they're a mistake. This was the first thing I thought of! Just make sure cloud companies can't just host your solution and make easy money from it. The Timescale licence is worth a look. Not because of people forcing other people to not do things. Because most of the things were super dangerous, and there wasn't enough value sloshing around to have lots of nice time-flexible desk jobs. Or if there were only 10000 of us. So what? Disagreement about characterisation matters if one characterisation is just not true. That's true. No one, for example, thinks you're their ancestral king, do they? Your majesty. That's not it. > First, you have to get rid of your referral pipeline, because hiring people your employees already know is the opposite of diversity That's assuming people only know their clones. If you include Cypress, you need a log scale to fit its awesomeness on the same chart as the others. It doesn't really matter, is my point. We might need at least 30 billion to fully colonise the Solar System one day, or we might need to become a tiny colony that subsists off heat from the Earth's core hiding from super robots. Ethically, we would need a pressure great enough to reduce the population for a horrible reason. We would never choose it. You're optimistic about a policy enforced on the world to get humanity to be reduced by 93%? That's not colonization. That's just offering a good, low-cost product. It's of pretty limited value if it turns out all the solutions are worse than the problems. That's cool. How does it work with website Ts & Cs, which generally don't like scraping? A REPL treated as a software system. Next up: Excel functions running as Azure Functions in the cloud. I'm pretty sure most of the world considers themselves objective and neutral, with occasional emotions. It's not just the tech scene. I hope it's not just me that was displeased at the different email formats of the listed press contacts. Ah - yes now I re-read I see it. Thanks! > Compared to Slack, this is way better Try scrolling up in Teams. I'll wait. Now do it in Slack - 10 times quicker, and thus usable. It's like money. Welcome to money. Maps could be the scariest one! All those drivers wondering how to get where they're going. Who automates the automators? :) > Of course it will, - at least, it better - but what if it doesn't? Same question for non-cloud. I guess something highly resilient would be - say - a mailserver on a rented VM replicating to two cloud providers via a service mesh. Nice and simple! :D I find the Anthos docs and talks so confusing. Half of them say Anthos is for hybrid between on-prem and GCP. The other half say it's for multicloud and hybrid. TechCrunch don't need to verify anything. On the plus side, no actual wars were started or joined. Like Jimmy Carter. > if you have one Sigh. Agree. But try doing a video call in a channel in a team in Teams, and watch everyone in the team join, not just the people in the channel. At that point you won't miss just starting Zoom so much. Especially when you can just /zoom from inside Slack, in fact.