I absolutely don't get it. The CoffeeScript code looks way to obscure to me. I don't need more punctuation marks. List comprehensions can just be written in JavaScript very easily. jQuery provides them OOTB. Improved switch statements seems pointless when you can use a dispatch table. I'm all for better OO syntax, but I'd much prefer something slightly more verbose and transparent. This looks like an attempt to put Perl in the browser. I have to say that after doing a python project I totally don't get why people love it so much. The syntax is slightly cleaner, but the lack of threading, first-class functions and dependency management tools make it waste at least as much time as it saves. I honestly don't believe in the concept of a programming language being able to make code more or less readable. A Java project with a POM file can be up and running on any OS in about 5 minutes. Sorry, I should have said "lack of true threading in CPython" by which I mean the GIL limitation. And lambda expressions are lame compared to what you can do in JavaScript/Perl/Scala. And the build tools suck compared to Maven which is saying a lot. Maven is cross-platform and install-free. It takes a long time to makes head and tails of pip, easy_install and virtualenv and it still does less than Maven. I read it and their code examples are not great. Too many abbreviated and meaningless variable names. I'd say it's a byproduct of the fact that only in-the-know developers are using CoffeeScript, while JavaScript is being written by every rank-and-file amateur web dev in the world. There is likely an inverse correlation between language popularity and median code quality. Terse isn't the same as expressive. Consider Scala vs Java. In Java, definining a singleton involves implementing a design pattern in one of a few ways. Maybe you have a private constructor and a static initializer. In Scala you define your class with `object` and it's done. That's concise and expressive. In Java, if your generic class has a lower bound you write Class Foo while in Scala you write def Foo[T http://mercurial.selenic.com/ I personally hate the index. It gets in my way far more often than I actually make use of it. DRY. DRY DRY DRY. I wonder if investment will start to take a hit when they understand the enormous risk they are taking. Have you seen those "sponsored results" on Google? Better ban all their apps too. I work for a agency that does pretty substantial projects ($1-10M range) and we've done a fair amount of backbone. Angular has gotten a lot of chatter, but isn't really suitable for our kinds of projects. Honestly, Maven is way easier, more powerful and works identically on Win, Linux or Mac. The key is that Java let's you set classpath as a command line arg and pythonpath is an environment variable. It was less consistent, but there some brilliant ones. The brain switching episodes is one of my all-time favorites. "to keep the repository clean" Seems like not a worthy objective. Has anyone here ever had a project saved by a tidy commit history? 311 has had analytics for years. Either this guy is better at it than the last few guys or he is better at self-promoting. Confirmed. I give interviews and people get offers or not based on my feedback. I also don't know what I'm doing. It could be Imposter's Syndrome or maybe that's just what imposters tell themselves. I'm in the high-end web consulting biz and there is no shortage of customers looking for fork over millions for an end-to-end solution. Even at the low-end that he is bemoaning, the plethora of off-the-shelf tools is coupled with a massive explosion is the number of businesses requiring a web presence. Now they can all get a decent looking site up for cheap or even just a Facebook page for nothing, but the next frontier will be differentiating themselves from their competitors which will require professional services. Having an in-demand skill gives you a ton of leverage. I'm a 35 year old father of two and a tech arch. My job requires long hours around releases and the like but if there isn't an urgent need, I will just get up and leave whenever my family needs me or I just really want to see them. They can fire me if they don't like it, but they really have no choice because I'm too hard to replace. Didn't the White House already confirm most of his accusations are true? Rasmussen has been dinged in the past for having a right-wing bias. It consistently gave higher support for Romney than other posters. The recent Pew poll showed moderately favorable views of NSA snooping. More interestingly, it showed that Democrats had suddenly become a lot more trusting while Republicans were suddenly dubious. A reversal from when Bush was caught spying on us. The difference is that the NSA is taking away our freedom while the Great Firewall is ensuring a harmonious society. If torture gains information but breeds new terrorists then it isn't efficient. Headline should be "cost of storage", not "cost to store". They have to pay a lot of guys like Ed Snowden $200,000/yr to maintain a database that size. I think the key is that we don't have Article 58. Per the quote in the op-ed, the NSA has had the ability to make America a tyrrany since 1975 and it hasn't done so. None of history's police states required digital surveillance. What they required was, you know, tyranny. We don't have any right now. I look at this purely as a question of privacy and due process. I was pretty critical when I saw this on reddit 4 years ago. I'm not really a fan of git and didn't understand what the point of this site was that we couldn't get from sourceforge. The same has been said many times about Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest. I still don't really understand most of them, but I guess that's why I'm not a millionaire. I agree that they don't have the right to do this, I just don't think it amounts to tyranny. The Soviet Union was a police state because the national security apparatus was used not just for national security, but also for mercilessly squashing political dissent. A policy enforced with an iron fist by unelected oligarchs. As an analogy, consider how Americans view gun ownership in relation to gun crime as opposed how Europeans might view it. Crime is the telltale of a criminal, not having a gun. The creator of imgur was a reddit user who made no attempt to hide it. It was initially done as a side project for the benefit of reddit users and then spiralled into something much bigger. It's this guy: http://www.reddit.com/user/MrGrim In context, the stuff Carter complains about is baby stuff. But then you run the risk of resting on your laurels. When I hear people complain about having their freedoms taken, I think about Braveheart when William Wallace wanted to freedom to be ruled by Scottish monarchs instead of English ones. Both of which would be tyranny to a modern American. We need to keep raising the bar every generation. I think the difference is the decrease in scarcity. There's a reason that intensive agriculture marks the beginning of what we consider civilization. Aside from the fact that it requires sedentary living, it removed the constant threat of starvation and relieved us of our basest instinct to kill or be killed. Human progress and arguably human evolution has gone beyond our genetic destiny and is now shaped by our works. People who live in first-world countries are unlikely to ever face a shortage of high-quality food, potable water, sanitation, basic medical care. There are simply fewer things to fight about. Pointing out that neither Russia nor Iraq have evolved into liberal democracies the instant they escaped despotism, is hardly conclusive. The number of democracies in the world is always on the slow rise. When Russia overthrew the tsar, they thought they had a better idea and decided to give it a try. Not every experiment is a success. When South Korea escaped war with half a country, they traded occupation for an authoritarian Democracy that devolved into despotism and eventually evolved into a true liberal democracy. The process took a good 30+ years. Progress isn't linear, but it is steady. I learned it when I took martial arts lessons in college. I think a lot of athletes are taught to do it. I belly breath all the time now, but I don't know if it's because I was trained or I was always doing it. I bet it doesn't. Just browsing wikipedia, it seems that the man riding in on his white horse has sent journalists to prison for writing unflattering editorials about him. A million readers just staightened their backs and puffed their chests. You're probably in the extreme minority. Also, President Correa has sent journalists to prison for writing unflattering OP-EDs. It's funny that you have such a distrust of American politics, but automatically assume that Ecuadorean politicians are better. If the problem is her mitochondria, can't they just use dad's? The Rosenberg's were convicted of giving nuclear secrets to the Soviets. That is a clearcut case of aiding and abetting our nation's enemies. Scooter Libby was sentenced to 30 months for outing a covert agent (sentence commuted by Bush). John Kiriakou similarly received a 30 month sentence for leaking classified info as well as outing a covert agent. Snowden leaked a load of classified data, but did so to journalists (as with Libby and Kiriakou) and did not out any agents or put any Americans in harms way. It seems likely that he would not come close to a capital case and would probably receive less than the 30 months imposed on leakers who outed agents. Reported by Daily Caller? It's quite possibly not real. Their social media team must be aces to get Tucker Carlson this much cred on HN and Reddit. All every human society has ever had is priveleges. What exactly did George Carlin think was the alternative? Who the hell else is going to guarantee your right not to be murdered for speaking your mind? How is this misinformation? It's 100% true that end-to-end encryption is unbreakable. It would seem the effect is to inspire confidence that our national secutiry apparatus is doing everything it can to head off threats before they happen. It seems that 90% of the outrage is container on reddit and HN. Good thing I stopped using mail like 7 years ago. That's both fascinating and inspiring, but note that the story is here is that are just reading the outside of envelopes, not the contents. And nothing is being censored. Government agents literally drive all over America with loaded guns. It's only a matter before they start killing us all. I doubt they're waiting to crack all that data. More likely they hold and if/when the owner is implicated in a crime, they will compel him to give up the password. Courts have compelled defendants to decrypt data seized in a legal search before. They could also maybe extract the password surreptitiously with more traditional investigation. Like looking over their shoulder when they type it. Microsoft has been just as cooperative with the NSA as Google. They have access to Bing and Skype. “Carousels are effective at being able to tell people in Marketing/Senior Management that their latest idea is on the Home Page." Precisely correct. This is why they exist and why they are so useful at resolving disputes. FTA: "In theory, this elevated tube system" So, yeah. Not a tunnel. A lot of times I see a resume with a laundry list of skills at the top like languages, app servers, CMS systems etc. First I thing I do is check the experience and make sure the skills are actually mentioned as having been used on a project. Otherwise, I assume you are padding to meet the req. Of course. If you are a legitimate suspect, any local police department can get a warrant to go inside your house and put your underpants in plastic bags and take them away. For that matter, they can cuff you and put you in jail. The question is what is the NSA doing without a warrant or rubber-stamped, secret, blanket warrants. What do they mean by bypass encryption? If I use outlook.com (or gmail.com or whatever) over https, then it's encrypted over the wire, but it's obviously decrypted on their servers. It's the only way that search could work. I assume if you are PGP encrypting your messages or something equivalent, it's still unbreakable. I posted this because I had just been handed a resume with this pitfall. Asked him about mystery skills X & Y and he told he had done some training, but never used them on a project. Lesson is: don't lie. The NSA is skating on very thin constitutional ice, but honestly they haven't really done anything that even qualifies as evil. The KGB did this kind of spying, but they did for the express purpose of sending dissenters to gulag. I haven't seen so much as a credible accusation that the NSA are doing anything other than their duly authorized mission. The difference is that the colonists had no recourse. "No taxation without representation" and all that. Without sending delegates to parliament, they had no channels to complain through, so rebellion was the only option. We could end the NSA completely by voting for candidates who support that. The business terms are "cost center" and "profit center". If you do IT for a financial firm, you are a cost to be controlled. If you do product development at a software company, your work contributes directly to profits and the more of you there are, the more profit they make. I can add that aside from software, consulting also treats programmers as profit makers although clients will see you as a huge cost. Good companies know that IT facilitates their work and should be treated with respect, but that mindset is still the exception rather than the rule. The one an interviewer told me I had asked an excellent question, was to ask how IT is viewed within this (financial) organization We've fallen into a trap where no one will believe the program is over regardless of what he says, so he gets no benefit from actually doing it. The appeals court opinion stated in no uncertain terms that the reason they ruled the way they did is that the plaintiffs had no standing since the statute unequivocally excludes American citizens or anyone captured on American soil. The AUMF basically just extends POW-type status to non-state actors (Al Qaeda and Taliban in particular) which makes perfect sense to me. "why wouldn't I just buy and iPad?" Because they are expensive and completely locked down? The DDoS-proof solution is to put your repo on your own infrastructure. Not OP, but my last project on github ran for about 6 months and had at least 3 outages on the order minutes or hours. Didn't shut down the project, but it was worrisome and I don't think they were DDoS attacks. There is a fundamential principle of programming that I think most failed programmers can't wrap their head around at that is GIGO. When you start typing words, most people will have trouble with the rigorous and literal interpretation of words that are normally far more expressive and nebuluous when shared with people instead of computers. And, if I may step way out on a limb, this is especially difficult for women and seems to be a major tripping point for women who are otherwise more than bright enough to be good programmers. I think that Isla seems to be usable for any minimally literate kids (like 6 years old) and can impart GIGO while being really simple and fun. It's not a replacement for BASIC, but it can be seen as a stepping stone to it. My daughter is 5 and just learning to read. If I get her going with Isla while she's doing kindergarten, can she attend Hacker School this summer? I know a family in an expensive neighborhood of an elite east coast city where the wife has spent the 5 years since receiving her PhD at home with her kids. I think I'd rather do 2 years at Club Fed in the US than be under FSB control in Russia. I mean, Putin straight kills journalists. That isn't remotely the same thing. Max sentence is unlikely. Libby and Kiriakou both got 30 months and they exposed covert agents which Snowden did not (I know Libby served no time, but he was still sentenced). If Snowden is brought home to face charges, he will probably get a worse sentence now because he fled. UCMJ. He was active duty military, not a civilian. He hasn't been charged with treason and if he were, he'd be acquitted. It's worth noting that prior to the internet there was absolutely no way of creating intercept-proof communication. Whilst I don't want companies handing over the SSL keys any more than you do, we have only had truly secure communication protocols available to the public for the past 10 or so years of human history. I've been slowly coming to thus realization every time I read about another gotcha with MongoDB or any of other upstarts who are running into problems Oracle solved 15 years ago. I'm surprised Oracle isn't leveraging BerkeleyDB more to combat the NoSQL upstarts. It's languished since the acquisition even though it had a big headstart. The NYPD fly helicopters over the city pretty much all day every day. And they are probably armed with something or other. The FBI drones are not. Drone surveillance can never be illegal by definition since they can only observe things in public view. I wish people would stop worrying about specific tactics, be it drones or decrypting SSL traffic, and worry about due process. There are literally tens of thousands of armed government agents on the streets of every municipality of America and have been for hundreds of years. I have a flight to LA tomorrow. Any chance this will be ready by tonight? I've heard this before and never understood why. Why? Same here. Data notwithstanding, I've done a lot of job interviews for candidates with the right resume and most are not hirable. Software engineering is a field where quality is hugely important. When is the last time the US government was so much as credibly suspected of assasinating absolutely anyone - journalist or otherwise - on American soil? Fairway in the NY area has an olive oil bar with about dozen varieties and bread for dipping. Most are domestic and labelled as such. The nuance in flavor is easily detectable. I find most supermarket brands taste about the same. The olive taste is so distinct you'd never confuse it for canola, corn or anything else. Yeah, the Salon article is thinly veiled editorial. It extrapolates quite a bit from what Hayden actually said which was pretty reasonable. He is not saying hackers=terrorists, but rather some hackers may turn to terrorism-style attacks and he is probably correct. Capitalism sucks sometimes. So at what point (if ever) did you hire someone to be in charge of customer acquisition? You need a warrant, but honestly we don't know if that isn't the case here. It's come up before that the NSA, FBI et al, serve warrants for encrypted data and can demand it be decrypted. Otherwise, services like lavabit are equivalent to Swiss bank accounts that are unreachable by any means, legitimate or otherwise. Realistically, this service was almost certainly hosting a ton a illegal activities. I think the trick here is that lavabit can't share data even with a warrant. Their inability to do so is pretty much their entire business model. That protects people from unwarranted intrusions, but it also insulates people from legitimate investigation. If they build a backdoor for only duly authorized warrants, they are no more or less obligated to comply with an NSL. Google, Yahoo, MS, etc don't encrypt their data and they had the same choice to make when served with a NSL or whatever. They fought through legal channels to some degree before caving. Shutting down operations was technically possible, though infeasible. They could have spoken out publicly and accepted the consequences. I doubt they think twice about handing over data requested in a warrant nor should they. I'm thinking now that if he had just been ordered to turn over some data, shutting down his service wouldn't let him off the hook. They must have asked for a back door or some other ongoing intrusion. So long as they are doing this to target legitimate national security threats, it isn't. There is no filter on free speech nor any hint that one might be coming. Right now it's just overzealous prosecution that is nipping at the 4th amendment. The 1st amendment is secure for now. You've just discovered the reason our investment banking system is so screwed up. Earn $20M on your trades this year? Take $500K as a bonus. Those same investments lose $30M the year after? Well, now your bonus is just $30K and maybe you'll do better next year. If they asked him to produce customer data and he deletes instead, then he is in violation. If they asked him to install some middleware for all his traffic, he can just say "Sure, but I don't have any traffic anymore". I don't think the encryption thing is the problem. I honestly have a hard time accepting that he was unable to provide decrypted content even with a warrant. That pretty much makes this a Swiss bank account for data and you better believe criminals would be all over it. I'd rather go through legal channels to end violations of due process. It reminds me a lot of Kurt Vonnegut. "All persons, living and dead, are purely coincidental." and "We are here on Earth to fart around. Don't let anybody tell you any different." I've read a few stories today about Snapchat mostly around the supposed co-founder suing for a slice of their pie. I swear I've never heard of it before today. And their website is just a picture of two women getting electrocuted while taking a picture of the sun. Does it support multiple pods in the tube at once? Government would be the slickest grease to get this problem solved quicklky as he direclty outlines in his plan. If you want to lay 1000 miles of track (or tube) through private land, you need to get about 50,000 signed up. His plan to put it alongside a highway means you only need one approval. It's funny because it's not me. So I'm used to configuring stuff by hand, and now I see a lot of buzz around docker, vagrant, chef, puppet, salt and they seem like glorified shell scripts. Am I missing something? I've seen this trend forming over the last 3-4 years. Backend technology now has a vast wealth of frameworks, tools and hosted services to choose from. People still bicker over Django vs Rails or even Spring, but regardless any of these are so vastly superior to what we were working with 10 years ago. Cloud hosting has been another huge disruptor. We still have plenty of work, but on a typical web project nowadays, client-side development has seen increasing demands and slower uptake of new technology thus shifting the project bottlenecks form backend to front. Expectations are higher since the capabilities are there, but we've only just passed the hump of supporting IE6 and now we have to worry about phones. I'm reading this python example ( http://docs.docker.io/en/latest/examples/python_web_app/ ) and it's a wrapper for running bash scripts with arcane syntax layered on top. Whole thing makes no sense. Unless they are planning on going full retard and abducting/killing/imprisoning someone, then minor harassment just makes you look like assholes. Impotent assholes at that. Cameron is bad, but he isn't Putin. Greenwald knows his threats are idle. Obama has been playing it cool and making some token concessions which is a much more media-savvy approach. This is like when Dave Chappelle walked on his show because he couldn't deal with being so successful. I honestly don't understand, but then again I've never been within 100 miles of that kind of problem. It's not ethnocentrism, it's real. Even from wealthy countries in East Asia where the strict Confucian relationships put huge burdens on women. Obviously, a lot if not most people are inured to those cultures and don't like the Euro/American level of cultural freedom. The ones who moved are the ones who couldn't deal with the oppression. Ethnocentrism would imply racism, whereas our pluralism is one of the ways our culture is more free. Korea and Japan are wealthy, first-world liberal democracies, but they abhor immigration and remain 99% ethnically homogenous. The weakness of their cultures is (ironically) ethnocentrism. And even though Western Europe is much better, no place really matches America on this one. My point is that holding him in an airport for few hours is piss poor attempt at intimidation. I've been subjected to worse at the hands of baggage handlers strike or a heavy storm. It doesn't closely resemble the former Eastern Bloc at all. I generally abhor motor vehicles of all kinds and hate driving, but when I saw a Model S roll past me while walking to work, I had to push my jaw back up. The lines are just so luscious. This isn't an issue of expansive bureaucracy. In fact, it's the opposite. The lack of controls on the executive, and the national security apparatus in particular. There's nothing about this case that goes beyond 1 or 2 agencies that have existed for decades and do a lot of legitimately useful things. They just need to stop issuing blanket warrants. That's it. So, that's a lot of marketing speak. Is this being positioned as an alternative to products like Varnish and F5? XML::Simple was glorious for working with 1-100K documents. I've used it on bigger docs and it actually handles them pretty gracefully although I've never tried at scale. Considering that his proposal is geared towards defusing their anger as opposed to entrapment or proactive punishment, this seems like a pretty decent idea. And it's not like conspiracy theorists don't foment criminal and even deadly behavior sometimes. Yeah, but this one doesn't really make me mad. Also, I still don't respect conspiracy theorists because they seem to just live finding conspiracies to be mad at. The Iraq invasion happened on live TV and was trumpeted as a patriotic success . It was worse than every conspiracy real or imagined during the Obama administration. I took a job after the dot com bust where I knew at the interview they were not a high-quality team, but I felt like I had no choice. I took the job and was told after a year there and at age 25 that my tech skills were "the finished product" which was high praise, but just made me sad. I was by far their best programmer but only because the rest of the team were nearly worthless. So invasive you'd rather have a guy grab your junk? "Anybody who needs more than 64Mb/task - tough cookies" The beginning of his verbal abuse seemed so innocent. Neighborhoods doesn't tell the whole story in New York because we have a subway. We are integrated at the breating space level on a daily basis. The TSA guy has done it a thousand times and thinks nothing of it. You forgot the category of willing and able to pay for it, but steal it because they can. That is probably 80% of them. Ditto for movies/music. I hardly talk to my neighbors too. I do most talking with my friends and coworkers. Comparing frameworks to hammers is the completely wrong analogy too. A framework is, you know, a framework. Like insetead of buying 30 different hammers to build a framework, you buy a framework. Then you don't need a hammer. And the framework has slots for your fixtures that use standard fasteners so you can rely on fewer hammers and screwdrivers. Put up some siding and your house is done. Well, HR does have final say-so in terms of logistics. Like does the candidate require sponsorship to work in this country, do they have a criminal record, did their reference say they were an asshole, are they asking for more money than we can afford. Even judging personality and communication skills is not outside their expertise. The lesson of this article is to not use personality tests. I worked IT at a bank and they administered a test like this (Meyers-Briggs). Not during the hiring process, it was intended to be used by managers to build teams based on personality quadrant. I'm pretty sure the results were ignored though. When I worked in a "war room" one of the guys got us on a pushup routine. 2-3 times a day everyone stops what they're doing and does pushups. Start with as many as you can do (even if it's 5) and just do it a few times a day and you'll build up strength really quick. The guy who started it was about 40 and pretty heavy. We had two mid-30s moms in our room who got in on it and worked up to 20 pushups (from their feet, not knees) in a few weeks. Sadly, the band broke up after a while and moved to different areas, but it was pretty awesome while it lasted. I think there is an enormous difference between accessing a public website and what weev did. He walked into an unlocked house, copied personal documents, and published them. Just because he didn't use a crowbar doesn't make it any less intentionally criminal. We also have a thing called apartment buildings. Hundreds of homes stacked vertically and centrally heated is still the efficiency champion. Where does the electricity come from and where does his bodily effluence go? They probably should be, but I'm not aware of any law against it. Failure to secure sensitive customer data? That should at least be a fineable offense. If a customer was provably injured by this hack, they would probably have grounds for civil suit. Perligata ( https://metacpan.org/module/DCONWAY/Lingua-Romana-Perligata-... ) always blew my mind. Write your programs in pure Latin. I think Voyager may be approaching the Phantom Zone. Perl is definitely for free thinkers. Most people aren't even wearing bullet-proof helmets when they sit next to a window leaving them totally vulnerable to snipers. They get what they deserve. He kinda ignored supply and demand. Personal car ownership is a pain in cities, but livery fleets are huge. Hello and welcome to Johnny Cab. I think that saying it's the second coming is misleading. It was no longer considered sexy and cutting edge by the startup community, but as the web spread to every corner of every industry it was by far the language and platform of choice for thousands of IT departments. The result is an unmatched galaxy of scalable products that can be dropped in to any web application. This isn't actually a usable API, it's a page that you can paste into. Similar to http://appear.in , but no screensharing. Being open source is a big plus. Using HTTPS everywhere doesn't really help much. It doesn't help at all if the surveillers either have your cert or access to decrypted traffic inside the firewall. Any PII being sent over the wire should most definitely be encrypted, but encrypting my access to a news site isn't really hiding anything. The requested URL still need to be unencrypted, you'd just be encrypting content that is already availble unencrypted. This is basically pub/sub messaging, but over the internet? I work in web consulting where we frequently take on a project from scratch (greenfield or otherwise) and ramp it up quickly in 6-18 months then hand off to the client who will likely maintain it for a year or two or three then redesign (nature of the projects, not a result of quality). My company is pushing for more and more sophisticated automated testing at the time that I'm starting to think that automated testing is costing us more effort than it's actually saving. Our bugs are, as you say, predominantly misunderstood requirements. The tests never catch them. Even with correctly understood requirements, unit tests frequently miss edge cases. Something that gets missed in so many of these process debates is that different kinds of work require different processes. If your job is to maintain a massive software product, then automated tests are probably your bread and butter. But for my line of work, they just ain't. I'm saying there's a curve measuring the time spent writing tests and the time the lifespan of the application. Think of like the rent vs buy debate. Tests are a the big downpayment you make hoping that it will pay off in the future. The kind of project my company does are rentals. Same reason we rarely do major refactors. There is an inverse relationship the number articles title "x explained simply" and the actual simplicity of x. I honestly don't understand why the developer community refuses to admit the obvious that git is unholy clusterfuck of a product. It has a nice data structure inside it? Name another end-user product for which you are even vaguely aware of what data structures were used. That's not it. Following any reasonable workflow still requires a set of arcane commands and flags that only make the slightest bit of sense if you know how git is implemented. I was able to use SVN successfully without ever knowing a thing about the implementation. I've generally had the same experience with HG and even CVS and VSS back in the day. Git adds sophistication over a prodcut like SVN, but adds vastly more complexity. People who refuse to see the ugliness in git are the same people who think it's manly to live on the command line. Using git through Eclipse looks a lot like using SVN through Eclipse. If I right-click on a file and go Team > Replace With > Remote and select 'origin master' is saves me from trying to remember the obscure list of flags I need to pass to the command line to do the same thing. The fact that I can select files to add/commit with checkboxes and permanently check a box that will push every commit is exactly what I want 99% of the time. I know that isn't the "git way", but the "git way" has no value for the kind of projects I work on. If you rebase aren't you destroying that history of experimentation? I feel like this is destroying the whole idea of a VCS as a safety net and making developers self-conscious about something that supposed to tolerant of mistakes. If it's a feature branch, doesn't that strongly imply that more than one developer might need to commit to it? > You need clean commits on the history to be able to understand the code later on. Really? That seems like an extraordinarily obtuse way to understand code. I would think comments directly the source files would be more useful. Commit history shows how they arrived at that result and that's what I would rather see there. When does the "next guy" ever look at revision history to see what's going on? I only ever look at the current state. If I want to see how it diverged from my last commit or the last commit before whatever milestone or release, I will diff the current version against that version ignoring every commit in between. Not on most projects, no. We are on my current project and the review tool is based on tasks, not commits and can review multiple commits in a single session if they are all related to the same task. Regardless, I am only ever reviewing the end state. I'm having a mid-career crisis much like OP and the notion of freelancing is enticing. Can you tell me more about how it is more fulfilling, lees frustrating and how you find quality gigs? Having worked with Accenture on a government project in the past, they will milk CA dry and staff up with an army of worthless college grads at inflated bill rates and send their profits to the Cayman Islands to avoid taxes. That's all true and the $327M price tag is misleading, but they still spent on the order of several million on the actual buildout of the website and fucked it up. It does not inspire confidence that the rest of the money was well spent. Yeah, and I see that approach mostly failing. The notion of resource-orientation and HTTP verbs is really useful, but being true to Fielding's dream is not a priority for most organizations. Stronger typing and explicit descriptors are really useful in an enterprise environment. SOAP is RPC. It's fundamentally different. REST is not completely undone just because you want validation. Without a schema or DDL, you're still validating but you're doing it in code. If you want strongly-typed RPC integration with generated clients then something like Thrift, protobuf or Avro are vastly superior. Very simple and lightweight. A schema allows for declarative validation and allows it to be defined once and once per consumer. I think it's pretty relevant. The car was in a bad accident that no car would survive. Had this been a gasoline vehicle, the damage probably would have been much worse and there would have been a higher chance of the passengers getting caught in the fire. I like verbose. Some of the bloated patterns populat in enterprise Java are overly verbose, but the language itself is pretty nice for me. I don't think he really proved his thesis. It seems like NYC is churning out artists at a faster rate than ever before. Most of our finest amenities and cultural institutions are thoroughly available to the 99%. I was at Brooklyn Bridge Park this weekend and it just felt like the pinnacle of urban society. The underpriveleged get cheap lacrosse lessons ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/29/nyregion/adding-diversity-... ), Smorgasburg was grillin' up maple bacon, the hibachis in the picnic area were firing, kids were swinging on tires, there were soccer teams and amateur anglers pulling in East River bluefish. It was utterly spectacular. I just did the oral defense for my doctoral dissertation on CSS floats. Actually, the SAT (American college entrance exam) penalizes wrong answers more than non-answers. A non-answer gets you no points, but a wrong answer gets points subtracted. When Bender meets Flexo they exchange serial numbers and burst out laughin. When Fry asks what's so funny, they say their numbers can be expressed as the sum of two cubes. IE won't support WebRTC anytime soon. That's not these guys fault. If you've spent too much time in jQuery you might not realize that streaming is supported by the underlying XMLHttpRequest object. The readyState property can be set to LOADING or DONE. Most applications will wait for DONE so they have a complete document to work with. A "normal" payload will be small enough that the lag between LOADING and DONE is tiny, but a big download can definitely be parsed as it loads. Imagine an HTML doc with inline JavaScript. That JavsScript is evaluated as soon as it's encountered and doesn't wait for a page load that may never happen. This is the equivalent to buying a house or car with cash to save on interest. Of course you save money by paying full-price up front instead of financing. It only works if you have that much cash available though. Linus doesn't work on git anymore and I don't see what Linux has to do with anything. GitHub is to me the main reason for the success of git which I've discovered is incredibly difficult to use without GitHub. BitBucket good for me. "Head count: Node.js. Typically they are seeing anywhere from ⅓ to 1/10 the number of developers needed on the new stack vs the old stack." That's ridiculously implausible. I know node is more concise, but 300-1000% productivity increase doesn't come from less typing. Even if we assume they had a lengthy build/restart cycle on some J2EE web container, that could only plausibly increase output by 10-20%. Sounds like they had an absolutely shitty application architecture and he convinced them to do something both reasonable and modern with the former being the biggest improvement. The market still has to be willing to buy at $40+ which they evidently are. They do this expecting to sell down the line for even more. I'm personally shocked they have that much revenue. Is it just selling ads? That's an oversimplification. For one thing, stocks can pay dividends even though few do anymore and Twitter seems unlikely to do so any time soon. Also, there's no reason the hype needs to ever die. GE has been trading for 120 years. Poor separation of concerns can be easily solved in J2EE and build/restart can be solved with something like JRebel or just using a lighter contain like Jetty for dev. I'm just saying Java to Node is not going to give everyone a huge increase in productivity. Programming in itself doesn't even solve most of the worst bottlenecks. I think it represents the illusion of a casual and collegial work environment. Rather it's the lube they apply before sodomizing you. My new employer is not a startup, but tries to emulate that culture. Workers are encouraged to leave at 2:00 for company booze fiestas, but I just got a warning for taking unplanned days off to be with my sick child. They didn't happen at the same time and it wasn't an official warning. I just get a sense of them wanting me to work more hours and maybe let my wife take care of the kids (she works in the same industry and gets the same pressure). I think they know better than to just say it bluntly, but they are applying social pressure to which I am completely immune. My wife once got a blunt "your kids are preventing you from working the requisite 70 hours" speech from a "friend" who hired her with the promise of being family-friendly. She quit the next day. Lack of support for algebraic data types sunk my last project said no one ever. I honestly think it will. Especially for high-performance applications it's going to start making serious inroads. Financial and scientific applications will start the trend and once some infrastructure and best practices get established, it will start seeping into the mainstream. Having a big name like Google behind it is a lot more assuring to businesses than hacker-driven projects like nodejs or academic-driven ones like Scala. Go is built for industry. This is aimed at business. I already know for sure that my work computer, email, chat, etc can be read at will by my IT department. They can also hand over absolutely all of it to law enforcement at the slightest whiff of liability. So, really the NSA business is not relevnt. I count that as highly unlikely. I think it's more likely for hackers to find an exploit than for the NSA to willingly collect and sell information. "I think the human condition really lends itself to exploring the world like this." The universality of the human condition is what made me get bored with travelling. I've never done a trip like this one, but I did once pack a suitcase and move to a country where I didn't know anyone and stayed for almost 2 years. Everyone everywhere is fundamentally the same. Human civilization has been slowly building momentum towards the singularity and the current vanguard is our modern first-world urban environments. I already live in one of the best ones and don't like leaving. As a parent and old man, I still have no idea what value SnapChat or Twitter have. Zulily is something I use regularly. Consider the incentives. What's the penalty for stamping the passport of a would-be terrorist? Fired, shamed, guilty conscience for life. What's the penalty for deporting a fun-loving Canadian? Angry blog post. Easy call for them. Not to make light of this serious subject, but this isn't what a Police State is. A Police State refers to use of the police for political ends. Like arresting dissidents or placing armed guards next to voting booths. It does not refer to overly aggressive enforcement and certainly not to the enforcement of laws some people don't like. Drug prohibition was a response to public outcry and we live in a democracy. I've become a real fan of Flask and the core framework does very little beyond managing request routing and having a simple framework for using jinja templates. Everything else should be optional. My day job is Spring MVC which is an absolute behemoth. It's an application framework more than just a web framework and the plethora of gadgets are useful for alleviating a lot of architecture decisions, but I'm sure I could get by without them. That's a roundabout argument and I don't think you can prove any criminal intent about that. Unless you can prove that the political process encourages the targeting of minorities, then it's just an enforcement issue. And not every state will ban you from voting for a non-violent offense. You're blaming USPS, but the problem is that you live in an apartment building. Such is life in the city. I live in Brooklyn as well and I solve this problem by having a doorman :) http://www.reddit.com/r/panichistory Oh, it is. Just because you are subject to confirmation bias doesn't mean you're wrong. I'm not a cyclist, but I can't stand all the cars clogging up my city. So dirty and noisy and dangerous. I'm not convinced cycling is the answer though. Mass transit is best. At least until we all have electric self-driving cars. I'm thinking of a fleet of self-driving taxis or zipcars. You wouldn't need to park, wouldn't need traffic signals, wouldn't lean on your horn or do things that inspire someone to lean on their horn and maybe wouldn't need to park. Looking at Spring request mappings is the last thing I could do in Eclipse that I couldn't do in IntelliJ. Found this quote on HN a while back: I divide my officers into four groups. There are clever, diligent, stupid, and lazy officers. Usually two characteristics are combined. Some are clever and diligent -- their place is the General Staff. The next lot are stupid and lazy -- they make up 90 percent of every army and are suited to routine duties. Anyone who is both clever and lazy is qualified for the highest leadership duties, because he possesses the intellectual clarity and the composure necessary for difficult decisions. One must beware of anyone who is stupid and diligent -- he must not be entrusted with any responsibility because he will always cause only mischief. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurt_von_Hammerstein-Equord Oh yeah, a Chosen One fantasy: http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheChosenOne Conspiracy theorists really drive me nuts for so many reasons. We invaded Iraq after spending months trumpeting it in the press and the perpretators used it as a plank in elections. The worst crimes are just not secret. They do it in our faces and there are many, many people who think it's great. A secret trade deal may let companies sue for something or other in foreign countries? There are people getting elected on a platform of denying evolution and climate change! New York City recently launched it's CitiBike program and set up bike racks in spots that used to be reserved for street parking and you should have seen people flipping out despite the fact that less than 50% of us actually own cars. And let's not forget about the amount of space we dedicate cars being able to move around. Parallax. Now I'm curious about the mattress industry. I have always wondered why mattresses need salesmen and dedicated stores. I'd love to see a game where the point is to seize another country's natural resources under the guise of spreading democracy. Call of Duty: Blood for Oil. Actually, it would be way worse if a game like that was a hit. That would imply we people have trouble killing on a battlefield which would seem to be patently false. The fact that the NSA needed help to setup Sharepoint fills me with confidence that they have no idea what they're doing. I'm guessing the password to the call log metadata is on a post-it note somewhere. Government hires contractors for the same reason private companies do. They can easily ramp up headcount then ramp it back down. It's doubly valuable when your full-time workforce are protected by numerous legal and union regulations. When a project needs 100 technical resources asap, recruiting that many people is very difficult and expensive. Even for a private company without regulations on pay and hours. There are only a handful of IT services companies out there capable of staffing that many people at once, so bidding is less than competitive. If funding is cut for that project, just fire the contractor and you're free and clear. I understand your point, but the NSA's mission is confined to cross-border communication. Eavesdropping within foreign governments should not be allowed. I think that Learning Perl and Programming Perl were the books that put O'Reilly on the map. Lerning Perl was the best intro to programming book of it's generation for sure. I'm one of maybe 10-12 architects at some stupid company and I make more than everyone at Buffer including the CEO. I used to work in government (US municipality) and every single employee's salary (10s of thousands of people) was public record. It's funny because I saw a queue of people outside the AT&T this morning waiting to bring back iPhones they'd gotten for christmas. I don't think the point is that he's produced a ton of useful things, but rather that he's completed a an awful lot of projects and has thus built a lot of useful experience for himself at a young age. At 15, I was still hand copying BASIC from the back of a magazine into my Tandy 1000. I found this Schneier post ( https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/07/homomorphic_e... ) from 3.5 years ago responding a seemingly identical IBM press release and explaining why it's an impractical solution. That's probably 1% of their user base if that. I'm guessing because I've only ever visited pinterest by accident and don't actually know what it's for or how it works. Did you not consider hiring a lawyer? I know they cost money, but this sounds like it was a major investment of time for you. If you want it to ever be a successful business, you'd eventually have to put money into it. How did you pay for hosting? Have you read any of the Foundation series by Asimov? The action is driven by a group of scientists who are able to predict the future using mathematical models. Learn to ignore pressue and do what's best for you. Personally, I would rather crank on an app then hang out with my mother-in-law, but that's me. http://www.libertyinnorthkorea.org/ They were featured in this PBS Frontline special that also covered the balloon launch. http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/secret-state-of-nort... PBS Frontline covered this event as well as other efforts to smuggle popular media into North Korea as well as getting documentary footage out. Well worth watching. It was pretty gut wrenching and uplifting. http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/secret-state-of-nort... It doesn't. A bailout was 100% necessary, but it needn't have been as generous as it was. Especially considering it severely curtailed Congress's appetite for heavier demand-side stimulus in the aftermath. Metadata collection has been upheld in court. You're a traitor the second you commit treason. You just can't be sent to jail until it's proven in court. Most of the recent attempts to convict people on espionage or similar charges have failed in court. Manning's case is still pending. Snowden would almost certainly be convicted of something. Treason seems highly unlikely. > I would expect nothing more than a show trial. Thomas Drake had most of the charges against him dropped and he plead to 1 year probation. A summary of espionage charges under Obama shows that the DOJ has faced an uphill battle in court. http://www.policymic.com/articles/50459/8-whistleblowers-cha... Git command line and Linux. The dream setup for masochists. You're probably right, but git just drives me insane. And so does the "no true Scotsman" approach to development. Mike Rogers won his last election by 20 points. The unelected FBI seem to have pretty much denied his allegation. Obama's first pass at answering the outcry was pretty weak, but at least it was an acknowledgement. Side note, my company had to drop jobvite recently because they are actually terrible. Their job search interface is just as hard to use as taleo or brassring with a slightly nicer stylesheet. I was pretty stoked for appear.in but found the voice quality poor and the screen share awkward. It's a brilliant concept but it seems like WebRTC needs some optimizing before it can compete with skype or hangouts. I've been a pro for nearly 15 years and the project that I'm most proud of was something i did as an undergrad. Now I'm sad. The mechanisms for surveillance and the political will to oppress are orthogonal. The Gestapo didn't need XKeyscore. Is the world ready yet to get a cross-platform build tool? One that can compile Java, lint Ruby and concatenate JavaScript? Seems like there's a core set of tasks that are pretty common across platforms. I have experience with the CMS platform (TeamSite) that they purchased a while back and it seems to be a perfect cultural fit. Insanely priced software that has fewer features than WordPress despite a manual longer than the Oxford Bible. Maybe it will make them start getting Talking TomCat to do their video segments. As someone who works extensively in "Enterprise IT" it's the unifying factor in most successful middleware companies. I'm working with a CMS that has barely updated a single core feature in almost 10 years, consistently releases with glaring bugs and rakes in millions in license fees. How? Sales team always show a polished demo and don't give out dev licenses for evaluation. I personally find git staging to be a major inconvenience and would rather not have it around. Wasn't Taniyawa-Shimura proven true? JHipster is a real thing and it actually looks pretty promising: http://jhipster.github.io/ I know you're being glib, but that isn't really accurate. Tesla is compatible with electricity and roads and the report is based solely on road tests, reliability and safety. Cost is not a consideration in this result. Amazon most definitely has an android app for instance video. That's how it runs on Kindle Fire devices. They just don't approve it (or enable it to work) on non-Kindle devices. You can find leaked apk files on various forums, but they don't fit most screens and crash frequently. On the flip side, you can stream movies via their website in Firefox for Android which still supports Flash. Node is more adept at handling many concurrent requests due to its architecture but it's runtime is far slower than the JVM. The vert.x framework that is the basis for this project is based on a similar paradigm to node and is far faster. It's been this way for a while. Corporate IM that is integrated with ActiveDirectory and other backoffice apps (document repos, source control, continuous integration) is super useful. HipChat is our current champ. The only time it falls apart is when you want to chat with a customer/vendor/etc. Then you're back to phones. If someone can break down that 4th wall, they will be rich. Ditto. Team wasted a few hours on this today. The OLPC wasn't about getting luxury electronics in the hands of the poor, it was about getting them free self-directed education. It was an attempt to leapfrog all of them fundamental problems of poverty by empowering people to do things for themselves. I actually think this is a really cute idea and I would love to support their quest for true love, however I can't shake the feeling that I'd be sponsoring vacations for first-world women who didn't want to date me when I lived in the same city as them (not bitter, I'm happily married now). There was another guy like that in the news recently. Ned Snowman or something. That's called a Straw Man. Start with a naive solution and refine rather than trying to get it right all at once. I use this on my kids. "What happened at school?" "Nothing." "Did you race motorcycles in the hallways?" "No, we had music!" Well, his answer didn't all those upvotes on their own. People apparently considered this useful for some reason. Turn of a century. This feels like advertising. I think a lot of manufacturers will secretly support Tesla's effort. They can't risk alienating their dealers publicly, but the entire industry hates them. In my limited experience the notion that you can "indict a ham sandwich" is simply not true. I sat on a grand jury once for 2 weeks. Most cases brought to us were patently guilty and the ones that weren't were met with extreme scepticism. We declined to indict at least a few defendants where the evidence was weak. That's correct. But the cards are stacked heavily in favor of the prosecution in a grand jury so if you fail to indict, you're never going to get a conviction. That's correct, but it's misleading. The grand jury is a sanity check. Prosecutors won't bring a case if they don't have enough evidence for an indictment. State. Read the policy. It's basically against poaching executives. It specifically says that anyone at the individual contributor level (ie developers, designers, testers) are all fair game. At the executive level for these places, salaraies are probably $300K-$30M range. I feel like depressing their wages isn't a pressing issue for this country. Those are almost cases of illegal content being blocked or removed. Classified information, copyright violations. No one is having opinions or new repressed. Turkey is proactively silencing dissent that has no other channel. PM Erdogan was caught red-handed taking bribes and it seems the Turkish MSM is already intimidated into quiescence and now they try to block whole sections of the internet to hide the truth. As someone who builds a lot of content-driven sites, this seems too simplistic. How many content objecta would there by on, say, nytimes.com. Interesting stuff. I feel like over the years I've moved from being an integrator to segmentor. I think it just comes with experience. I have a better understanding of what to expect, which "emergencies" I can ignore or postpone. How to avoid putting myself in a potentially stressful situation. I have a metric for this too. I suffer from a mild medical condition that flares up when I'm stressed. I used to suffer from it at least once a month. Now I'm down to every 6 months. I credit maturity. Jay Leno has you covered: http://www.popularmechanics.com/cars/jay-leno/technology/432... Tomorrow, 8 people will commit this to our repo with zero net effect. That's not it. Being anti-gay is perfectly acceptable. Passing laws that create official discrimination is not ok. The tech sector has always been big in NYC, but it's not the same as a Silicon Valley. There's far fewer pure tech companies and a lot more tech services especially around our traditional big industries, finance and media. There's a handful of significant tech shops, but mostly it's consulting, IT and the like. Not that there's anything wrong with that. It affects mutual fund managers who many joe sixpack types do have a stake in. Is Slack comparable to HipChat? Seems like it has more robust document sharing. You can configure your http vhost to do nothing by send redirects to https and never serve content. My current client is insisting that all https traffic be served over a separate subdomain. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanlon's_razor This bug is too general and too wide open to be deliberate. Any college student could write code this shitty. An engineered flaw would have to be more subtle. I thought Godel, Escher, Bach was a total snooze. It was like 800 pages of Hofstadter trying to prove he was clever. Is this different from Histrionic Personality Disorder? Self-driving cars will be the biggest humanitarian boon since the Green Revolution or the invention of antibiotics. You can't really blame Wheeler. The courts tied his hands. You have a source for that? I'm not denying just curious. I've seen multiple decisions go against neutrality, but don't fully understand the precedents. There's plenty of freelancers and academics who could make this work. Or people who hate their jobs and want to do something meaningful. This is all just symptomatic and the informalization of society. Seinfeld was snarky and shallow, but it was ultimately about laughing at social faux pas. We're rapidly running out of things that are morally acceptable but socially unacceptable. Globally? JetBrains would disagree. Keep reading. There was only one fossil found and described in the 19th century, then lost. The results can't be verified and the size estimate may be completely wrong. Does it, um have a toilet? Or electricity? Nah, $20K and free shipping: http://www.amazon.com/F5-Networks-Standard-Contract-F5-BIG-L... It's kinda sad that she has to call out Netguru as someplace safe for women. Honestly, I think it's just a bit of moral panic brought on by a few high profile stories. I've been in and out of a lot of organizations and never witnessed female colleagues being given a hard time. A few instances of creepy guy behavior, but I've also seen guys get bothered by creepy gay guy behavior. That's not unique to the programmer world at least. The idea behind quotas isn't that minorities are inferior and need help, it's that they are equal and being discriminated against unless the law prevents it. This can be mitigated by paying a mass mailing company that's on all the whitelists. Of course, the makes it sort of a racket, but at least it's an option. Yeah, it's assuming your email provider has very strong security. If you're using gmail, yahoo, ms or any reputable provider, it probably is pretty secure. I've been using it for 2 years and I still end up googling almost everything beyond pull/commit/push. "The on-demand-transportation market is enormous" Yeah, but it's such an easy problem to solve. I already had a few car services on speed dial so this wasn't really a big problem to begin with. All they did was centralize and market it. I live in NYC which is probably the #1 taxi market in the world and have rarely heard someone having trouble calling for a cab. Black cabs. Car services were always cheaper. It's just illegal to hail one. Same thing in NYC. Isn't this what UDP is for? Or did it not exist in those days? Probably trying to stay distinct from Eclipse. Over a few years on the same computer, my Eclipse install would have dozens of plugins and take longer and longer to start up and have context menus a mile long. I think it makes good sense to draw a line somewhere. Project page: https://github.com/jdorn/json-editor Creating a memristor in a lab is step 1. Step 2 will involve creating them at scale and building out all new infrastructure since current OSes aren't designed to use them. Step 3 is to productize step 2 and put on store shelves. HP is doing step 2 right now with the result being a prototype for step 3. This is most interesting for me. They are deliberately withholding an android app for streaming video, but they are dipping their toes in with streaming music. I think the "month" estimate was how long it would take to add accessibility as a feature. Excellent delivery. That girl has a bright future. I think it's The Onion's version of cnn.com. I'm guessing Apple will cockblock them from ever deploying this to iOS. In that regard, asm.js is far more likely to see adoption. Maybe also not a priority. Unless there's some compliance regulations, why save emails forecer? That is some interesting stuff. I had to shut off Dropbox sync when it literally filled my hard drive. It sounds like Steem just caches virtual files that link to remote data. I'm curious to see it in action. I'm sure turnover is already fairly high, so this is just inviting motiviated, intelligent kids to come compete for jobs with them. I'm going to buy a pound of coffee now. That's a feature, not a bug. It's part and parcel of dynamic linking and dependency management. You certainly can generate a monolithic executable jar file if you want. Executable jar anyone? It's not that hard. Generating a standalone executable (a jar plus a bundled JRE) is not as simple as it should be, but it's certainly doable. I have to ask: why is this an app and not a web site? That's a facile argument. There's money to be made in a wide variety of pointless or even deleterious services. You can get rich hydrofracking or producing TV shows about how aliens built the pyramids. You woukd get paid relatively little and certainly get no ownership stake working for a government program like the NHS or Medicare. Doesn't mean people don't need them. https://honey.is/ exists. It's more like reddit for work though. I think the accusation is that she was mistreated at work because of this. The notion that decriminalization has caused a drop in murders is specious, anyone claiming that it was cause a spike in serious crime was clearly wrong which is the point he is making. He clearly disclaims that this isn't proof of a long-term correlation. This was a poorly written article. He moved the goal posts. Do cyclists break the law? Yes, constantly. My neighborhood has a lot of bike lanes, but all that means is I know where to look for a cyclist that's about to run a red light or be moving opposite the flow of traffic. Scott Simon is not wrong. The author's point about the frequency of serious injuries is well-taken, but it doesn't prove Simon wrong. He's just using it as a segue to make a related argument. It's not a matter of professional ethics, it's a matter of them making decisions in favor of their future employer to the detriment of their current one. I had this debate on my last project: Does Google consider http and https on the same host to be separate sites? Assuming http://www.example.com/home and https://www.example.com/home return the same content, are they considered one page or two? It isn't, my point is just that the IBs don't give a shit about ethics if it profits them. Only when it costs them money. But why? Maybe I'm a moron, but the entire concept of "native look and feel" means nothing to me. I have used android for about 5 years and have played with plenty of iOS devices and I'm still not sure what parts are native. Apps all have seemingly different look and feel. We certainly never sweat nativeness on the web going for consistency across OSes instead. It seems like going to native look is not even a desirable thing. Wow, that's interesting. Had a similar thought not too long ago about applying a naming scheme to identifiers in code. Not like this or Hungarian Notation, but more like a controlled vocabulary variables with the same meaning use the same name across your codebase. So no more using "price" here and "amount" there. That would directly address the second hard thing. I do consulting, so I don't work in a particular domain. There's usually a mix of coporate lingo and industry lingo. but the developers don't come in with familiarity with either so it ends up a being all over the place. There is a craze at least my part of the world over eating roasted seaweed. Mosly Korean-style, but it's the same seaweed you find across most of East Asia. 10-20 years ago, MSG allergies were one of the first food allergy crazes and every wanted MSG-free food. MSG as an additive is harvested primarily from this type of seaweed. That's why the seaweed is so savory. Lobbyists lobby. All that means is that they share their opinions with government officials. Money need not be involved. When people complain about lobbying it's usually in the context of corporate-sponsored lobbyists who are paid to push their agenda and are spending money. Money can't be paid as an outright bribe (I'm sure it happens, but is pretty rare) but rather in the form of campaign contributions, or occasionally in direct political advertising. Recent Supreme Court rulings have really removed any restrictions on how much can be spent by independent political groups even if they are 100% sponsored by corporations or trade groups or whoever. Wheeler is an appointed leader of an executive branch agency, meaning that he has no campaign fund. Funds can be directed to Congressional campaign funds and Congress can in turn put pressure on his agency (the FCC) to either defund them or rewrite their authority, or to sue them for whatever perceived breach of their existing authority. Theoretically, there is no way a lobbyist can directly influence him. Alan Cooper's About Face is a great book on interaction design for computers and one of his axioms is "Hide the escape lever". Basically make sure the ejector seat control isn't right next to the throttle. Java is not designed to solve programming problems, it's designed to solve organizational problems. And it does a pretty good job. That's why you see lean startups shunning it then slowly migrating when their company gets too big. PyCharm is pretty neat, but coming form IntelliJ it's baby stuff. The tooling around Java can simply not be matched by a dynamic interpreted langauge. Probably ever. Also, anything form Seymour Hersh. Most of his stuff is timely in that there's nothing you don't know about already, but this is the guy who broke the My Lai Massacre and the Abu Ghraib torture scandal. He has access to national defense people that no other report on earth can get. I would all throw in The Agent about how the CIA torpedoed the FBI investigation in Al Qaeda prior to 9/11 as required reading http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2006/07/10/the-agent?curre... I read it twice and didn't see the actual solution. The picture shows plastic wrap on the stem. I've seen that at some groceries and didn't know what it was form Misleading headline. Investors are scared of Amazon's persistent lack of profits despite their hugely popular offerings. A lot of site have a design for mouse (hover states, pulldowns) and a design for touch (the hamburger) and they want to use only one or the other. Later on the article describes the project as being "adrift" with ill-defined requirements and scope. That will kill absolutely any project and is a completely separate problem from technology. Lockheed failed at the engagement level to define scope. Their development team didn't have a prayer. This happens in the private sector too. Sometimes consultants are hired to write the RFPs which, suprise surprise, they tend to win. Because ramping up a huge staff to build a new project generally requires keeping them forever. It's much easier to request a budget for a project then it is to try to expand headcount of well-protected government jobs. Isn't this pretty normal? In the US a judge can bar the press from covering a trial in progress if they believe it could prejudice the jury or create a circus. They will still be allowed to report everything once there's a verdict. You're right and that's an important distinction, but it looks that's actually what's in this order as well. They are not making it illegal to report, just to divulge the information. If It leaks, it's fair game. If you want flexible, you can just use vanilla Cordova. There's always a trade-off between features and flexibility. That's awesome. I'm such a hater of the iOS dev requirements so I really hope that the hybrid app space really takes off. Do you have any plans for mitigating JavaScript performance on mobile devices? Do you see any movement in building cross-paltform plugins? I don't think jquery mobile was ever a good idea for making hybrid apps. Aside from the name, it wasn't nearly as flexible as original jquery. There's also a distinction between what's needed for a mobile site vs a hyrbid app. If the .js files are baked into the app, bandwidth and latency are non-issues. What you need is to optimize performance only. I feel like the entire configruation management movement has passed me by. I still don't understand what value there is in chef/puppet/salt/ansible/docker vs bash or even Perl for that matter. Someone care to set me straight? Hm, interesting. Hadn't heard of either of these. On the one hand, they're playing a huge uphill battle and would need to employ thousands of couriers if they want to serve just America's major cities. On the other hand, they could completely rewire the food delivery business. I'm not sure it can work. Restaurants can hire minimum wage or below family members or illegals to deliver as an essentially free service. They live off of tips. Caviar would have to charge a significant premium to stay in business. Well, I've done that just using remote shell commands. And I'd have an easier time reading someone else's bash than I would their ansible whatevers. Is it actually more concise? I'm not a CEO, but a working dad. I find that I have met little resistance when I get up to pick up my kids at 5:30 or refuse travel (video chat is cheaper than airfare). Being constantly connected is really helpful. I have my work email and IM on my phone. I can respond to a message in between dinner and bath time. I don't think I'd ever accept a job that didn't let me get away with those things. King of Kong was heavily edited to the point of being misleading. If developer mode for ChromeOS gives you shell access, what do you gain by installing an Ubuntu partition? They absolutely did. Read this account of the restaurant scene: http://www.twingalaxies.com/showthread.php/118881-Issue-6-Th... Here's a collection of public statements by Twin Galaxies on the littany of inaccuracies in the film. The IO talk covers this. There's a few steps involved beyond just sending a 301 such as putting a rel=canonical on the https site. The price wars for domain registration pushed the cost way down over the past few years. Certs are starting to move in the same direction. As volume picks up, they can cut margins. And some guys will start to treat it as baseline feature and not a buy-up. This is as brilliant as it is moronic. Basically, I don't know what to feel. There's a ton of businesses that can never move online. Food service is obviously a big one. Pretty much anything that requires face-to-face interaction or needs to be delivered near real-time (caricature artist on the beach, personal trainer, babysitting service). It's called transgenerational epigenetics. It's been observed before. It's nowhere near what Lamark proposed. For that matter, we are already way beyond Darwin who never even conceived of DNA. This is just another nuance. No, that's not part of Spring. It would be implemented by a container. OSGi was a sort of failed attempt at standardizing it. Right now you have to pay for something like jrebel (worth it, IMO) to get hot swapping. Also, cops in California will be issued guns that they may use to arbitrarily murders citizens. I would have said WebRTC. The second I heard about this lawsuit I said to myself "this was a WebCenter project" and I was damn right. Let anyone here who has used WebCenter (formerly Fatwire) share their tales of woe. I'm usually pretty forgiving of buggy software or design mistakes (to err is human) but WebCenter is the most unbelievable clusterfuck of software I've ever seen by an order of magnitude. It's unbelievable that anyone has ever paid a dime for the right to slap their face in agony while attempting to deploy this pile of garbage. If only the state of Oregon had asked me first... I once worked alongsize Accenture on a Siebel integration. They staffed about 100 liberal arts grads who toiled away 80 hours a week like monkeys at typewriters until the system worked. To their credit, it did. They took home $100-200MM filtered through their headquarters in Bermuda, but at least the system existed when they left. I'm loving this so much. It's 138 pages, and I intend to read it all. Here's a few teasers for y'all: One developer experienced in Oracle products called Oracle’s programming “atrocious.” He added that “they broke every single best practice that Oracle themselves have defined. It is one of the worst assessments I have performed * * .” The same developer wrote to Oracle, “You are Oracle people, working on an Oracle hardware platform, with Oracle technology products, on an Oracle solution. * * Oracle should be delivering these environments and products as a solution, like they actually understood the products and owned the solution which has not been the case by a long shot.” AND Oracle’s responses to the Vendor Questionnaire also stated that OPA and Siebel, the foundation of the “Oracle Solution,” could be implemented by business analysts, not software developers, and without customization. Oracle explained that “government subject matter experts (not application developers)” could define rules in OPA “in the terms and vocabulary that they are familiar with and/or as defined in relevant statute, regulations and policy documents. * * * There is no scripting or programming needed.” Not made, acquired. WebCenter was acquired. Siebel was acquired. WebLogic was acquired. Java was acquired. The only product they've ever built was their flagship RDBMS which was unbeatable for so long and still fills a niche no one else can really compete with. VARCHAR was so great it needed a sequel. I can't wait for VARCHAR3. I don't get that article. They are presumably not really using node client-side. It sounds like they just have a node backend. I'm guessig the use of node was coincident with them rebuilding from the ground up. The risk of abandonment is heavily mitigated by the project being open source. If an organization is heavily invested in a project that gets abandoned, they can always fork it and maintain it themselves. Compare that to what happens when a private company decides to kill a product. So are we really supposed to install OCaml and compile it or do we use it as a hosted service? I can see that you just post a batsh script and specify your output, but I don't know if that's intended for public consumption. Otherwise this just looks like a POC. The study they are discussing set up test subject with two different diets. One low in fat, one low in carbs. Low in carbs had far better outcomes. I agree that cutting anything will implicitly cut calories, it seems low carb really is superior. Agile has no process, your complaint is with Scrum and I mostly agree. The amount of rigidity in scrum has gotten out of hand. The concept of stories on a backlog and the very iterative approach is the crux of the process and I think it's great. You will always need non-user stories to get set up. Developer stories are fine by me. I also think sprint schedules are artificial and prefer a looser more KanBan approach. My biggest challenge that no one seems to have adequately addressed is working in a multi-discipline team. My scrum team includes UX, visual design, content, and we are all interdependent. It's really, really hard to get them on to scrum because their work has no clear point of completion. You just have to keep it loose which is really the core principle of scrum. It's designed to react to change more than making long-term plans. I as well. I'm guessing most people did. Meldium is hard to say even in my head. Regarding the social media outrage, it sounds like a mized blessing. They might convince the megafarms to stop using dihydrogen monoxide on their crops after they hear that it causes tsunamis. I was thinking about this setup as well, but wasn't sure if I was nuts. What setup are considering? Plug a hefty quad core tower in at home and then use a chromebook as a remote control with a screen? Is there a good site for how to do a setup like this? It feels like it could be really nice. A beefy box with a wired connection that can capture a TV signal and broadcast wifi would be an swesome consumer appliance. Control it via Chromebooks, tablets, phones or whatever. Signup without explanation of features or cost? In Java 7 it was pretty trivial to create a closure with an anonymous class and if that anonymous class implemented Callable or Runnable it was effectively a lambda with strong types. I don't get why he is more emotionally connected to Twitter than Facebook. I find Facebook to be a lot more personal. I know this is a dumb thing to say in 2014, but I still have no idea what the value propostion of Twitter is. Facebook was a 100% complete social network doing everything I ever needed about 6 years ago. Everything FB and their competitors have done in the interim is iterate on the same few ideas trying to squeeze out a few more pennies of ad revenue. And some of them are successful for some reason. Ah yes, she. For interests I use reddit. Or HN. Facebook is for personal relationships. Showing pics of my kids to my friends and family. I think every new network is basically just a chance to reset your list of friends. Can you name anyone that is Twitter-famous that isn't regular famous? Voice calls via hangouts has been possible on android this whole time too. Just start a video call, then turn off video and speaker. This should have been a trivial addition years ago. I can only assume it was omitted for some business reason. Yahoo would have to take $90M/year charge and either give a reason to the SEC or just declare it classified which would be as good as saying the NSA is taking it. And again, good luck sending a Yahoo exec to jail with no public explanation. I don't see how there's any network effect to be had. Consider food delivery. I use both seamless and delivery.com. Seamless is a little better and has a wider network of restaurants. But I have 0 lockin and will frequently switch to delivery.com for any exclusive restaurants they have. I have an account on grubhub too although I use it rarely. There's nothing tying to me to any of them. No friend list, no thousands of photos. Just my recent orders which are of limited value. Taxi service is the same. The second that Lyft has lower rates or a close car, everyone will switch in a second. Or flock to option 3 the second it has any advantage. I feel like the lesson here is not to put mission-critical systems on leading edge software. I'd be porting to Java at this point. GitHub is a big boy company. It was when they started. Are the API and app not separate deploys? Does anyone here know anything about the nature of the attack? I think the case of dogs is very interesting. Any dog lover will readily admit their dog is intelligent and emotional. Is owning them and keeping them on leashes not therefore slavery? This is beautiful and I love it. I think the 8-bit graphics are definitely appealing to early generation gamers like myself. I don't know if it's my personal bias, but I think the cartoonish simplicity makes it more endearing. It's a shame that Philip of Macedon can't get his own billing. He was a legend in his own right before his son overshadowed him. It's not impossible, but I'd be very surprised if Risen actually goes to jail. "The press will cover it for a week" I think that kinda ignores the fact that the guy in question is star reporter at the NY Times. There are many media big shots who know this guy personally and aren't going to just let it go. Here's a marketing tip, your comparison page only compares to WordPress. "Better WordPress" doesn't impress me. Try comparing yourself to a better product. One that people are currently paying money for. Horse's mouth: http://www.lockheedmartin.com/us/products/compact-fusion.htm... Lockheed Martin is, indeed, saying they have a workable fusion reactor. Author of this article is the one that's confused. Nashorn is a JavaScript interpreter which would make it a competitor to V8 or SpiderMonkey. Node is a framework that is tightly tied to the V8 implementation. Untying node from V8 would let it run on Nashorn or any other JavaScript interpreter. The original study said the 7 minute routine should be repeated 2 to 3 times. It also listed a sample regimen which most people took too literally. You're supposed to vary the exercises and there are dozens of options. Johnson and Johnson have a really good app with lots of options. For those of you balking, I think this would be really useful for coding XML migrations. If you have a schema, write a xembly script for every breaking change. I leave the office before 6 almost every day to pick up one or the other kid. Wide does the same. Always have dinner together. Never work weekends unless it's a serious emergency. You'd be amazed how easy it is to just get up and go and finish what you're doing tomorrow. Hasn't slowed my career much at all. Ellen Pao is former VC and has a bizarre sordid past: http://www.vanityfair.com/society/2013/03/buddy-fletcher-ell... This is a serious red flag for the future of the site. If anyone wants to catch the great Reddit exodus of 2016, start building your competitor right now. I'm saying her claims of harassment are dubious and are compounded by the equally dubious discrimination lawsuit her husband is filing against the Dakota. I'll eat my words if she wins her case. My other main concern is that she evidently doesn't have a reddit account. At least not a public one. It's interesting that your boogeyman in the NSA and not scammers. I think scammers are 1000X more likely. Escpecially since the NSA can just see the decrypted traffic from behind the firewall. There's no technology solution for voluntarily leaving the backdoor open. How does this work? Isn't 127.0.0.1 a loopback? How does it get to the internet? I won't say you're wrong, but this an awfully cynical top comment. Not OP, but I'll chime in. Enterprise software has some unique challenges. Enterprises deal with a galaxy of small systems, a mixture of proprietary and purchased software, a mix of IT staff and consultants, leadership who may or not have techology as a core competency, frequently a lot of bureaucracy and compliance rules, lots of long-running maintenance and as a corollary, you may retain a lot of lower-tier talent if you're recruting developers to maintain an 8 year old expense reporting system. All of these scream for safety and risk mitigation more than pushing the envelope. Static typing, schemas, battle tested development tools, lots of vendor support, big pool of talent to recruit from. There's no appetite for risk taking especially when the benefits are so hard for management to understand. As a developer at a consulting company, my peers understand technology very well but clients are 50/50. They mostly standardize on Java or .NET and and I don't think I could even put together a cogent argument of why node would help them at all. Maybe personal bias because I think node is kinda shitty and my limited exposure has been nothing but painful. I disagree. Every time I try to get into node, I am stonewalled by poor debugging support. I end up wading through obtuse stack traces only to find poor quality libraries are the culprit. Tracing dynamic languages is so hard already. The only thing I can tolerate is Python with Werkzeug. NPM chokes for me about 1 time out of 10. The main repo has reliability issues. A lot of the libs install executables that require sudo. Java solved dependency management years ago. I don't know why every language doesn't just rely on a classpath. They're still working on XForms after 10 years http://www.w3.org/MarkUp/Forms/ My Route53 domains are ok. Yeah, my point was more along the lines of they've been working for 10 years and gotten near zero adoption. Not saying it will fail again for sure, but if this had value, XForms would have found it. URL-encoded POST data works just fine. Which they pretty much already were. The only value I can imagine this adding is a way to encode forms with nested structure. Best Linux desktop? ChromeOS. This is why I loved An Idiot Abroad. Karl just relentessly called everything as he saw it. No interest in anything "exotic" if it wasn't actually enjoyable. He believs that every culture is just as stupid as the one he was raised in. He does all that and has two young kids. There goes my excuse. He didn't just reject it, he tried to undo it after it was accepted by someone else. If our enemies don't have antiaircraft capabilities that can beat it, it's not obsolete. So long we're fighting countries that use salvaged soviet weapons, we won't have a problem. We're not going up against China any to e soon. Does this have any benefit for people who are already diagnosed hypertensives? Like being able to capture triggers or measure effectiveness of different medications? This post was murdered on reddit already. This is no SOPA 2 in any way shape or form nor is it really any sort of new authority at all. It just places boundaries on retention of collection communications. It's a smallish curb on existing authority. I know Korean guy who has a PhD in Biology and believes in fan death. The minds ability to delude itself is amazing. That pretty much says what I said which is still in no way related to SOPA. The notion that adding these admittedly weak conditions on data retentions can somehow be construed as a backdoor authorization of those retentions seems like a huge stretch. Calling it SOPA 2 is pretty meaningless. You want to talk about "manipulated" this headline was crafted to inspire outrage out of something obscure and probably meaningless. That's brilliant. Reminds how did DNA sequencing back in the day. Genetic linkage analysis. This paralegal I know told me 2 years ago "I wish someone would automate discovery because it sucks right now". I wish I knew absolutely anything about it. Or that cigar imports is probably the most utterly trivial and selfish thing to consider in this move. The US government doesn't really have the authority to set export levels the way OPEC does. Our exports are up because we have so much shale gas. Obama already nixed Keystone XL and now Gov Cuomo has just banned fracking in NY state. The headwinds are against continued increase in output. We need some sort of interenet security reformation. This is even more ridiculous than when the Chase mobile banking app for Android didn't check if SSL certs were authentic before sending credentials. I'm near your age. Voice mail is slow and imprecise compared to text. If someone has a callback number I have replay it 2 or 3 times to get it written down assuming I can hear them clearly. Text is clear and unambiguous. If you want to talk in real time, let's use video. This is why I haven't had a phone in my house or at my desk for 2 years. The beauty of these channels is that they're all asynchronous by default. If you're busy, answer that IM later. If you're getting distracted, it's because you're letting it happen. CISPA was already vetoed due to inadequate privacy protections but the fundamental rationale of requiring private companies to share threat information with the government is pretty reasonable. CISPA just needs to be fixed and reintroduced which has been Obama's stance for a while. I think an equivalent product that runs on Nashorn instead of Node would solve 90% of their problems. It's good to combine efforts. It means potentially a bigger selection of packages that are available to install and more developers maintaining the project since it now has a wider potential user base. From your very own quotation, the people are explicitly condoning this. The government is doing a pretty good job of reflecting the will (or lack thereof) of the people. Do you remember in the 70s and 80s that there was a raft of adoptions of Korean orphans in the US and elsewhere? That's because S Korea was still economically depressed and adoption was culturally frowned upon. Kids were abandoned left and right. It was the government that actually took initiative to push public opinion in favor of domestic adoption and it worked. Reddit thread on this subject from yesterday: https://www.reddit.com/r/webdev/comments/2rb487/people_who_h... I have a Flatiron guy on my team as an FE dev and he's been pretty good. He had to be nurtured a bit on some softer projects, but after a year or so we put him on important stuff and he's been a solid junior dev. Probably ready for promotion. Even before bootcamps, it was pretty common to have self-taught devs be solid if not better than guys with CS degrees. It has USB and microSD slots. This device is clearly not intended for serious computing, but it is more like a general purpose media device. Like a Chromecast/FireTV that is 100% customizable. The Manhattan DA didn't invent dragnet surveillance. It's way beyond his capabilities and he probably has zero access to what the NSA has captured. Besides, the NSA is not stealing data from local storage. They're getting it from anyone site that's storing user data. I have done all that. Been coding for 15 years. Worked with the shittiest Enterprise IT dinosaurs. Burnout is definitely all in your head. The longer I do this, they less it bothers me. Sometimes work makes me unhappy, so I'll check out mentally and/or find a new gig. It's never affected me personally. Honestly, the fact that she's a political appointee is what makes your petition moot. They'll just appoint someone else. She was following directives from the DOJ based on the law. The petition should have called for end to the acadmic papers paywall racket. If you call for a rule that any research receiving government (or at least NIH or NSF) funding must be made freely available upon publish, that is within the purview of the executive and would solve the root problem once and for all. If I was a hosting company and needed a 2 day outage, I'd probably just shut down my business and offer to cover some expenses for users to migrate whilst apologizing profusely. Doing a rollout for a Fortune 100 company pretty soon and they built in an outage of a few hours. And it's literally because they won't spring for 1 extra server running apache even with 6 months lead time. I'm with AndrewKemendo honestly. Making sure your kids are set financially and make connections will set them up for success. I find that I'm almost never enforcing behavior with my kids. They already act like me and wife because that's genetics. Which brings up one more thing which is to marry well. 90% of child rearing is preparation. This has actually been backed by research: http://nymag.com/news/features/27840/ This is fluff. Corrleation, causation and so forth. There is actual academic research on this kind of thing. The fact that responsible, motivated parents raised responsible, motivated kids is largely genetic rather than a result of their parenting techniques. I don't just mean to marry someone rich. I mean, marry someone who you trust to provide 50% of your child's DNA. If you marry someone attractive and dumb, you're going to get dumb kids. If you marry someone with a history of mental illness, expect your kids to be at risk for the same. If you marry a jerk because they're rich, your kids will be rich jerks too. Posted today on reddit: https://np.reddit.com/r/Parenting/comments/2saxn1/my_wife_is... This is what happens when you look past your partner's foibles because you love them. Are node/io permanently joined to V8? I know that Oracle has been putting some effort into getting Avatar.js to be fully compatible with node and run on the JVM, but it isn't gaining much traction. This was actually the plot of Ran ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ran_%28film%29 ). The lord retires and divides his territory amongst his sons, but retains his title. His sons resent that he carries himself as lord even after they have inherited the land and conflict ensues. It's an absolutely enthralling and gorgeous film. Kurosawa actually denied that it was inspried by King Lear, but rather the similarities were pointed out to him afterwards. It was based on some Japanese folk story about a king with 3 good sons, that he flipped to 3 bad sons. It speaks to github's prominence in the open source community and Atlassians's prominence in professional/enterprise environments. It's possible the incoming arrow was blunt. I could just as easily embed something like that in any code on any open source project in any language as part of the installer or the main code base. A lot of that stuff can be done with embedded third-parties like Disqus or ShareThis. Tidal generators are in production. There's a pilot program installing them in NY harbor. They're fully submerged and I don't think they're ducks. That's not wrong, but it does kinda miss the point. The argument isn't we should stop buying and let them go back to living off the land. The argument is they should be paid a living wage to do work that has value. If the work came back to first-world factories, they'd have to pay at least 10X the wages, so just agreeing to 1.5X or 2X is still a bargain. Nah. That Flappy Bird guy made a small fortune even by first world standards. It drove him insane too. Exactly. It's an INDICATOR. It's not a terribly useful metric in and of itself, but it signals the state of many other metrics in one neat package. U1-U6 all pretty much move in lockstep with each other. I have this weird feeling that this whole drama was a long con by Obama and Wheeler to tease out as much vocal support as possible by playing the villain. Like Wheeler was a heel in professional wrestling. They put out a shitty proposal that the ISPs would love just to show them how strong public opposition would be so they'd be perfectly positioned to go full neutrality and claim a public mandate. Maybe they'll just get bought by Amazon. Am I correct in my inference that Scala in the browser cannot import Java classes? Meaning this isn't some backdoor to a Java-to-JavaScript compiler? JSX mixing presentation logic and views seems to me like they have reinvented PHP. PHP is derided for this, but also for it's shaky implementation and semantics. JSX seems like Good PHP and that's a big deal because PHP is wildly successful despite being awful. Meh. It's useful, but the "no true scotsman" argument is just wrong. Coding solutions is usually better in the long-term. It's why Perl was invented. Command-line is all about learning thousands of arcane details that anyone can just google the answer to. Is this some sort of bizarro version of "buy on rumor, sell on news"? That makes sense, but I'm sure it's skewed between younger/more tech savvy target audience (ie, Clash of Clans) vs older or less savvy viewers. Look at it another way. People involved in deadly combat have a kill or be killed mentality. Extreme caution for personal risk means you have to shoot first and ask questions later in a war zone. Not so for robots. Send them in to take prisoners. If they are destroyed, build another. Charge them until the enemy runs out of bullets. Send them close enough to use non-lethal rounds or wound legs and move on. And forget about looting and rape. Forget about collateral damage caused by bombing city blocks from the sky and hoping most inhabitants are bad. Imagine if we could shut down ISIS with $500M worth of material and no lives lost. "You think the cops are bad now?" I don't really. And the same benefits would apply. When cops stormed the room of Amadou Diallou and thought they saw a gun, their only option was shoot to kill. Send in a robot, and now you don't care. Some of us have families. Although it is summer break. Also, I don't have a company or an idea. Smart phone plus credit card covers 99% of eventualities in the first world. I don't understand the benefit of P2P when CDNs like Akamai are already distributing load across their massive network of servers. I think the offshore glory days are already slipping away. We have South American partners who are charging nearly the same rates as us. That isn't necessarily pay, it's bill rate for offshore partners. I have no idea what their overheads are and how much trickles down to their programmer's pockets. I'll bet I could cheat it with WebDriver or something, but I'm not that industrious. Did it work? Does he get rescued? Is bash better than a life jacket? I'm surprised a facade hasn't emerged yet. Personally I think it's nigh impossible to sanely do merges with a GUI. I know people do, but I think they're crazy. Using git via any JetBrains IDE is the best I've seen. Typo. I meant it's impossible to do without a GUI If folks in Quebec can speak French, it should be pretty easy. JavaScript is slow. DOM is really slow, but JavaScript is fundamentally slow. It's slower than Java and way slower than Obj-C and always will be. Excellent writeup here: http://sealedabstract.com/rants/why-mobile-web-apps-are-slow... I'm sure I'm in the minorty, but I'm very anti-app. I'll never install an app where a mobile site exists. For one, I get URLs which are great. Find in page always works. I can always see when I'm on https which is a huge plus. Apps are for games mostly or for services who cripple their mobile sites. As someone who works at a Sapient-like organization, this idea is very compelling. I'd be awfully concerned about the total lack of structure though. As much as clients don't want to pay for a PM, they are there to manage scope and timelines. I've seen PM-less projects meander towards a death spiral where everyone is working and nothing gets delivered. You'd need a special breed of developers who are not only good coders, but know how to manage projects and deal with people. A lot of good developers suck at those. 1) Is the result of shops putting all their dev effort into apps. Performant and high-quality mobile sites is easily achievable if you put in the effort. Native obviously has some advantages that can't be replicated in browser, but in-browser is repeatable across platforms and prevents lock-in (for both site creators and consumers) 2) To each his own. I've never really figured out what a native look and feel was since every app looks different. And it's not like non-native slowed down adoption of the WWW for desktops. 3) Bookmarks. Android at least lets you put a URL bookmark on your desktop too. 4) Same as 1. I know these aren't all web-based hacks, but I'm guessing the majority of connected devices are using http. Simply switching to https everywhere would remove a huge amount of attack surface for almost no cost. Only if the appliance is serving requests, not if it's requesting. For a piece of hardware like a carwash that is running servers, the manufacture should be maintaining that software routinely anyway. Can it throw an exception when we're using a js library that isn't cool anymore? There's a comment on that post that I 100% agree with. The architect is responsible for the architecture (among other things) but that doesn't mean she's doing all the work. It's a team effort. The artchitect is just the one who is responsible for the final deliverable. Same with every role. It's defined by it's responsibility, not necessarily by the work being done. Oh Austin is so cute. I've lost apartments in Brooklyn getting outbid by $300K. I love how "put up with car culture" is a thing for our generation. Previous generation it would be "put up with not being able to drive". I'm fighting a losing battle against life in the suburbs but my one hope is that by the time I give in, I can commute in a self-driving car. JSX is XML and it can cause some confusion. For instance the fact that you can only have one root node is not obvious. If you enjoy it, then it's a benefit. I find that having bigger problems really helps me switch context. I have young children at home who demand a lot of attention. It's impossible to focus on work when they're around, so I don't. return label ; That's illegal and will fail to compile and it's not obvious why that should happen. I love how the kids think action movie cliches date back to 1986. Every sang froid action hero is copying Clint Eastwood from the 60s who was copying Toshiro Mifune from the 50s who was copying Humphrey Bogart from the 40s. You can pretty much follow the trail back to Gilgamesh. It's free as in a bank loan with no time frame for repayment. Anyone can work without internet. You just don't commit. If you really need to commit without internet, you're probably an edge case. It's a bonus, but not something I'd choose a VCS system for. My central repo is where the build server is looking, so if I'm not connected, I'm not deploying no matter which VCS I have. The repo is most definitely centralized. Every popular HTTP server supports gzip compression, but you still have to turn it on and surprising number of sites don't bother. The other thing missing is how this interacts with CDNs. Concatenating my whole site's CSS into one file isn't just to decrease round trips, it's because there's only 1 URL to cache (both CDN and client browser) for every page. Yeah, I was using "commit" in the SVN sense. Which is another good complaint against git that it rewrote the established lexicon to mean different things. Sure a git commit may be technically equivalent to an SVN commit, but when I "commit" I mean that I'm blessing a change as ready to share via a shared repo. That's only true if you're updating your assets faster than your cache TTL. I suppose if you're a continuous deployment shop that deploys to prod 25 times a day, that's a concern, but not if you deploy once a month. Even if site administrator's don't care, users do. Could this replace something like XJC for generating POJOs from an XML Schema? With XJC the classes are created at build time, but this could allow them to be fully dynamic allowing schema changes in a running app. I don't understand this notion that "Google and Apple don't get social". What's to get or not get? Google+ beats FB for features and usability by a mile. Who could have possibly thought that Twitter would be a huge success? I still don't get it! What does Instagram do that FB didn't already do? I love all these analysts tripping over themselves to come up with a formula for a business model that at it's core relies on dumb luck. True dat. My company has an awesome QA practice and test cases are never written. Testing is automated where appropriate and otherwise based on acceptance criteria of stories. This is actually awful. A QA manager should be asked how testing is integrated into the development process, how to infuse quality into everything, how to hire/train/retain testers, how to estimate for QA. Writing test plans is an antiquated approach so I'd rather hear what they've done that works and why. I just listened to the audio of US Airways 1549 today. Sullenberger reports both engines out like he just told his wife they're out of milk. I guess the training works. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/US_Airways_Flight_1549 HP makes such crummy software, I can't believe they actually test anything. There are literally thousands of programmers out there slaving away in big IT departments who literally can't manage anything more than conditionals, for loops, assignments, etc. Given sufficient time, they can get a pretty complex system to be minimally functional or maintain software written by smarter people. It's overly charitable to think everyone is smart enough to be a goood programmer. The client I'm working for failed to get a web server procured with 6 months lead time. And that's a company 100X bigger than Backblaze. I wish they understood how much money they are wasting by being stingy. That grabbed me too. Our coders pretty much just code. They talk amongst each other sometimes to the PO to clarify requirements. That's about it. We never ask coders to write stories unless they're developer stories they have asked for themselves. “I divide my officers into four classes as follows: The clever, the industrious, the lazy, and the stupid. Each officer always possesses two of these qualities. Those who are clever and industrious I appoint to the General Staff. Use can under certain circumstances be made of those who are stupid and lazy. The man who is clever and lazy qualifies for the highest leadership posts. He has the requisite nerves and the mental clarity for difficult decisions. But whoever is stupid and industrious must be got rid of, for he is too dangerous.” Helmuth von Mioltke the Elder Attribution is apparently not clear: http://quoteinvestigator.com/2014/02/28/clever-lazy/ Perl? I have only the vaguest recollection of those days. It looks like LWP is about 20 years old[1]. It's based on libwww which goes back to 1992[2]. [1] http://search.cpan.org/~ether/libwww-perl/ (see changelog) [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libwww Fills the same niche as Cordova/PhoneGap or Xamarin. It's kinda the best of both. Intuitive dev process for web developers not needing to learn new paradigms. Fully native compilation for better performance than WebViews. +1 for cutting coal burning, -1 for DDoS attack on GitHub. China is at par today. Not sure, but it's native UI at least. The demos they showed prior to release were far more responsive than any WebView based solution. The mistake was buying it in the first place. A Honda Accord would last 10 years for half the price. It's funny you call it tripe since it calls for cow stomach in the recipe. First time I heard of meerkat is when I heard that it was getting beaten by periscope. Facebook's engineering culture is a hindrance at this point. They're not a tech company, they're a social network. Their UI is really so-so considering that vast resources they've dedicated to the platform. Any product-oriented company needs to be driven by UX, not tech. I fail to understand why salting is bad. Seems like he's saying it's not a cureall. We knew that. But it's at least marginally better than not salting and it's easy, so why the hell not? Solution: Stop building apps for your content. That's what the web is for. If deep-linking is a requirement, it's probably not well-suited to an app. Fucking Apple hasn't announced support for HTTP/2 yet either. Considering the biggest bonus is decreased latency which is huge for mobile, they are clearly just pushing developers to apps because that's their business. This and the story of Mel never get old. http://www.catb.org/jargon/html/story-of-mel.html How does SQLite handle replication? Can I have 10 app server nodes reading from one SQLite DB? NFS? This should be called HTTPS confuration generator. SSL was deprecated years ago. I think HTTPS has more name recognition than SSL. I think easing the setup of personal/enterprise CAs would be hugely useful to gaining adoption. Imagine a CA hosted by Google or the like that's tied your personal or business account where you can authenticate certs. Trusted if it's your own (or vouched by a trusted second party). I'm confused. I don't see how HTTPS makes this problem worse or better. My kids' school district had a ridiculous iPad plan that they ditched for a more sensisble appraoch with Chromebooks. I would think the ChromeOS interface would be far friendlier than anything from Ubuntu and still allow you to grant root access. There's a been a lot of geddons recently.