Seems everyone wants their 'I told you so' moment. Why can't we just accept that web 2.0 and these high valuations aren't going away? But why is this important? Can't computers already do this? Even my 1978 TI pocket calculator can do logs very fast. It's not like this is an important unsolved mathematics puzzle. As lot of people are saying that, but the empirical evidence suggests that the valuations, as high as they are, are remarkably sticky. I can only name two web 2.0 duds, zynga and fab, but the rest of the unicorns have either held their value or keep rising. It's not like Uber or Snapchat will become the next friendster and myspace. The failure rate for the $40-90 million valuation range seems much higher than the >$1 billion. http://greyenlightenment.com/winner-take-all-nation/ link to source. for some reason they don't allow hyperlinks in post body Buying cattle futures seems like a good idea nowadays students will just google it and see that is unsolved let it go, man. You keep belaboring the point Everyone talks about McDonald's like they are doing something wrong, but as evidenced by the recent strong performance of the stock price, they are doing exactly what Wall St. expects, which is to provide mass-produced , uninteresting food to billions of consumers all over the world, which is a very profitable business and they have returned billions to shareholders in the form of a very high dividend. You cannot compare McDonald's with Chipotle or Shake Shack..it's a completely different business model and economy of scale. McDonald's is not dead, dying , or going away..they are just being McDonald's, that all. at least a couple years of calculus and linear algebra You look at some of the biggest success of our post-2008 economy - namely web 2.0 companies like snapchat, uber, tinder - and you see they typically involve introverts who are getting very rich very quickly. Being alone is not just a way to save money or find inner peace, but - in the Silicon Valley at least - a possible pathway to riches and fame. Although my opinion is unsubstantiated, the biggest problem is the barrier of knowledge : it takes longer and longer to familiarize yourself with an increasingly growing body of literature. Second, the low-hanging fruit tends to be picked, leaving researchers fighting for the few undiscovered scraps the remain. Third, papers are getting longer and more technical, with more data and co-authors. Forth, much longer approval times, high submission fees, and much higher rejection rates. Research seems to be a team effort now, of many people collaborating over years to publish papers that are very lengthy and technical that reflect only incremental progress in a field. yeah..observational discoveries are mostly luck, versus the hard, technical skill required to derive something like an equation. the quants who study this stuff find that first-day performance is not always predictive of future success/failure. For every Zynga burnout, you have stocks like Zen Desk, Linkedin or Google that keep going up after their IPO pop. Still a big fan of notepad. Uses very little memory, but you must not forget to save periodically. Powerpoint is only as good as the content behind the slides They fucked up big time. That's what people said about Facebook in 2006 when they turned down the Yahoo offer. I predict Snapchat is going to be a dominant player in mobile advertising, like Facebook and Google. I wish I could invest in it now, even at this high valuation. Also extremely bullish on Tinder and Pinterest. But snapchat has huge unlocked revenue potential. they can 'flip' a switch and instantly monetize those millions of users by launching an advertising platform similar to the one Google and Facebook has. Facebook deliberately waited years before generating meaningful revenue, so did Google. digg never got big enough. Pinterest, Whatsapp are intentionally delaying revenue generation to build the userbase, a common strategy and not at all proof that they cannot monetize. that's why it has the valuation it has. the valuation is pricing in the potential . People thought Google and Facebook would not deliver, but they did. Maybe snapchat will, but maybe not. I think they will. The methodology and reasoning behind this study is dubious at best. http://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=myspace%2C%20facebook... If google trends is of any predictive value, Uber and Instagram should not exist (or at least be worse than myspace). The keyword 'snapchat' also shows near zero volume. Ultimately, I think this whole debate on wages, STEM, wealth inequality, and automation boils down to IQ. http://greyenlightenment.com/winner-take-all-nation/ IMHO, people are falling behind because of low IQs and the winner-take-all economy that enriches some, but doesn't leave a whole lot for everyone else. Today’s hyper-meritocracy is amplifying the socioeconomic ramifications of individual cognitive differences such that a person with an IQ >110 is much more likely to succeed than someone with an IQ The solution, on the other hand, -I don't know. No one really knows, and that's why this is such a big debate. So many people realize that this is one of the most pressing issues of the 21st century. How are we going to develop a compromise or solution that handles automation-related jobs loss and inequality. Some propose a basic income; others want redistribution; others wants more spending on education, and so on... From students fresh out of college and in debt, to people looking for jobs, or people who have been laid-off, we're all a part of this debate. Economics is not just for economists - now more than ever we all experience it in our everyday lives. The decoupling is also obvious when comparing advanced degree employment and income versus those with only high school or 'some college'. It's also pronounced between majors, with STEM earning more. these trends have accelerated since 2008. ill-managed prosperity Who do you propose manage it? That seems overbearing, to assume that some entity can do a better job managing the wealth of those who earned it. Wealth inequality will always be with us, just as it has all throughout history. In a free market, bad decisions are punished through the loss of wealth. Thee cause was probably a combination of speculation, leverage, overbuilding, and so on. No one really knows the exact trigger, but a popular opinion seems to be that the Smoot–Hawley Tariff Act made it worse -although even that is debated. The stock market crash lead to margin calls and the sudden evaporation of millions of dollars of wealth and that probably triggered a cascade effect, as business obligations could not be met due to the sudden loss of wealth. Kurzweil's argument is that the acceleration of the acceleration is increasing ..there is a math proof of this somewhere, but can;t find it We've lost that ability in any meaningful capacity. Lumber Liquidators stock fell 80% on the management's bad decision to use crappy Chinese flooring, so that is one example of bad decisions leading to loss of wealth. If there is any justice, maybe he'll get a pardon in 20-30 years for good behavior. The government said they identified six individuals who overdosed and died of drugs they purchased on Silk Road. The parents of two of those individuals—25-year-old Bryan B. from Boston and 16-year-old Preston B. from Perth, Australia—spoke at Friday’s sentencing, pleading emotionally to the judge to give Mr. Ulbricht a harsh sentence. More people die of prescription and OTC drugs. Who wants to be a Starbucks-Crypto millionaire wow considering how long this has gone on, there must have been a handful of people who made a lot of money doing this. A starbucks giftcard is almost like a currency . I wonder if walmart cards have a similar vulnerability Subcultures are dead. I plan to write a full obituary soon. Subcultures were the main creative cultural force from roughly 1975 to 2000, when they stopped working. Why? Dead? I think not. What about the whole NRX Silicon Valley techno-libertarian sub-culture, which came into preeminence in 2008? How about selfie culture? Or STEM culture, or how STEM seems to have become the new 'cool' or celebrity status, especially with the show The Big Bang Theory being so popular? There will always be fads, sub-cultures, movements. Also add: the Red Pill movement , PUA, MGTOW, manosphere, men's rights as new movements/subcultures It's vague to encourage discussion , contemplation the writing has to be somewhat vague in order to get people talking about it, and the author succeeded as evidenced by it being here . The 250 inmates here are locked in their cells for 12 hours a day. But those cells are private rooms, with wood furniture, a shower, a fridge and a flat-screen TV. hmmm...Private rooms could be part of the problem. Isolation can create psychosis. Maybe 12 hours a day is good enough, but I think total isolation should be avoided whenever possible, or let prisoners choose whether or not to be isolated. Integrating prisoners saves money and makes then happier. But these are probably among worst offenders given that there are only 250. Matt actually thinks that allowing the short selling of hot web 2.0/app companies could actually make prices go lower, but in actually it tends to be the opposite as short sellers have to scramble to buy back the shares in panic as prices keep going up. Oh, you think snapchat is a bubble at $4 billion..now it's worth $40 billion. Enjoy your 900% loss. Remember the Porsche/Volkswagen short squeeze fiasco? Apple is the biggest indirect vector of malware..not apple itself but all these naive users. Think of all the tens of millions of people who downloaded malware infested iphone modifications..mindblowing Bring back the cubicles. Open offices are done not for collaboration and openness, but done to save money I have never heard of getting drench by a folded umbrella..lol. A solution in need of a problem I have never heard of getting drench by a folded umbrella..lol One possible solution is cognitive screening - the use of tests such as the Wonderlic, SAT/ACT, or Wechsler to find prospective employees who can learn quickly and have good critical thinking skills (and thus would benefit the most from on-site training for technical tasks. training obviously costs money), but unfortunately something called 'disparate impact' makes this difficult to implement, so employers instead have to let colleges do the screening, turning an advanced degree into a very overpriced, time consuming 'IQ test'. Some people are more concerned about hurt feelings than providing equal opportunities. The 'logic' is if the tests expose a reality that isn't politically correct, we must do away with the test, so the result is more student loan debt, a worse labor market, and more credentialism. Trying disprove disparate impact can be time-consuming and expensive, especially with the litigation, and that's why only large companies and municipalities can use these tests. One problem according to business surveys is the skills mismatch, which is that employers can't find enough qualified employees to fill open spots. Maybe the labor market would be better if these tests were made more readily available so employers can find talent that would benefit the most from on-site training, but most businesses don't have the resources to disprove disparate impact should a lawsuit arise, nor the compiled data to show there isn't discriminatory hiring . Even if the plaintiff's case is without merit, it still costs the employer time and money to disprove the case. And it's not like the defendant can recover from a frivolous lawsuit. Everyone says it's a bubble and yet seven years later, since 2008, I can only think of three major VC implosions off the top of my head: fab.com, zynga, and groupon. Fab was a train-wreck that anyone with a pulse could have seen coming. Zynga... way too dependent on Facebook and a fad. Groupon is the better of the three, only seeing its valuation fall from $30 billion to just $4 billion - but still well over $1 billion. These valuations, as lofty as they seem, ain't goin' lower. People keep saying we're in a bubble and yet seven years later, since 2008, I can only think of three major VC implosions off the top of my head: fab.com, zynga, and groupon. Fab was a train-wreck that anyone with a pulse could have seen coming. Zynga... way too dependent on Facebook and a fad. Groupon is the better of the three, only seeing its valuation fall from $30 billion to just $4 billion - but still well over $1 billion. These valuations, as lofty as they seem, are not falling. It's kinda weird, but not surprising considering how much wealth is circulating in the silicon valley. Then you look at twitter and it held up very well after its IPO despite its very high valuation. The problem with using the past to predict the future is that there are often subtleties that can produce wildly diverging outcomes. These app & web 2.0 companies seem to be doing something right to avoid the valuation chopping block that afflicted so many of the earlier internet startups. web 2.0 companies retain value better than a CD lol One reason why app companies, as opposed to sites that that sell physical stuff, are doing so well is that they have better profit margins and can use network effects for added growth. It's license to print money..these card offers pay enormous commissions because they will make even more money from the applicants Profitably has never been the most pressing concern for these growth companies. Amazon went 20 years before turning a consistent profit, so it's not like there is a well-defined upper-limit where profitability is mandatory. Amazon made a trade-off choosing revenue over profitability, and that's what investors want. Investors care less about actual profits than the ability to prove profits can be generated. Once it's demonstrated/proven that profits can be attained, investors become extremely patient. As long as potential profits keep rising, the enterprise value will rise, and investors will be happy. This is not the Warren Buffett approach, obviously, but that doesn't make it necessarily wrong or invalid. It's consistent within the theory of rational expectations. It's more like 10 years if you include Facebook - that's an entire business cycle, or about the same duration as the 1990-2000 internet boom. But in siding with Andreessen and others, I think this one has further to run. But I am pessimistic about the hardware unicorns (fitbit, skullcandy, jawbone) as opposed to the app/website ones, so It's not like I am emphatically bullish about everything. http://greyenlightenment.com/billion-dollar-startup-club-pic... Look at companies like Uber, Whats-app, Dropbox, Snapchat, Instagram...these aren't flashes in the pan, but are ecosystems harnessing hundreds of millions of people. These companies are creating entire infrastructures and industries. Facebook, Twitter and Instagram pretty created the entire mobile advertising market. Uber is revolutionizing transportation. that is the least of the article's problem. The whole premise is flawed. I don't mean to sound too dismissive, but this article is bunkum. SO I guess by the author's logic, Michael Bloomberg's net worth is zero because Bloomberg LP never went public? The private market is illiquid, but fundamentals will always trump liquidity. If you own equity, that equity - assuming there is no dilution or deterioration in the fundamentals of the underlying business - is wealth. Employee stock options are a different matter, but deep in the money options are essentially as good as partial ownership. it may be harder to assess valuation in a private market, but it's done nonetheless. exactly..fundamentals will always trump liquidity The joke is on anyone who invested in this company, thinking it would be even 1/100 a successful as Facebook. Remember bebo? insurance, zoning what happened to him? Did he continue to trade? Hmm, but the Flynn effect is endogenous, meaning that while IQs may be higher, IQ scores don't rise throughout the persons's life to suggest exogenous factors, only over many generations of testing. So the quote about the physicist is true, but in future generations, assuming the Flynn Effect holds, we may have more people with the cognitive capacity to become physicists. I think another problem is that bear markets tend to be briefer and more erratic than bull markets, making your odds worse. The serial, consistent returns being long in bull market aren't as consistent as being short in a bear market. In bear markets it may just be best to sit it out. I'm sure fraud & waste exists in all mediums of advertising $7 billion over meany years, while it seems like a lot, is still just a small amount of the total advertising online market The figure may still be exaggerated and more research is needed. It could include things that are mistankingly called 'fraud' but instead if a misunderstanding of terminology In a free market, online advertising fraud would depress prices as advertisers pay less due to worse results. If advertisers were getting 100% human traffic, rates would go up, making the ads more expensive. So in the long-run it balances out. But on an individual level it sucks getting scammed. When people bemoan how things were cheaper back in an earlier time, they are often forgetting to take into account: CPI Inflation (when adjusted for inflation, these 'cheap' things are often as expensive as they are today) this is seen with the movie ticket example http://greyenlightenment.com/debunking-the-gold-standard/ Maybe some things are a little more expensive, but it pretty much all evens-out. Improved Utility (you get a better product despite the higher nominal price) New products (your dollar buys things that didn't even exist even as early as generation ago) Expenditures such as food & energy constitutes a smaller percentage of income than generations ago. Public markets are rational. Tech stock performance has been strong but is driven by strong revenue growth and good business fundamentals generally speaking. I agree completely. That right there is worthy of an article. Fitbit went public two weeks ago and has a PE ratio of only 25 right now, and that is after a 30% pop in price. If this were the 90's it would have gone public with a PE of 300 or some crazy high number. Despite the high prices, markets are much more sober. I'm rationally optimistic. yeah, without percentages it all looks the same . Series A could be the same percentage as B Yeah, that statement is pretty loaded, the subject of dozens pf PHD dissertations alone. I do think Fred is right, but it requires looking looking at the EMF in a slightly different way than most people understand it. The market is 99% efficient. 1% is what could give some traders who have real skill an edge, such as the Warren Buffets and like. Most people would agree the markets are mostly efficient in that the market react to news quickly, and that most people who try to beat the market using a 'system' (fundamental analysis, quantitative analysis, technical analysis, or other) fail to do so. But my interpretation of the EMH doesn't preclude the possibility that markets can occasionally exhibit inefficient behavior. It's just that the inefficiencies, when they arise, aren't big enough or occur consistently enough to allow the aggregate of firms to beat some 'rate' of return. This rate could be the risk free interest rate or the S&P 500 dividend yield, or some other benchmark. The EMH is predicated upon random-walk theory, in which theoretically any 'walk' is possible, including even a perfectly strait line for a near-infinite duration of time. I wonder if this has anything to do with prices being grotesquely overextended? It's not normal for a market to double in less than a year when inflation is otherwise low. I think this is similar to the scalar theory of the stock market, which uses scale invariant geometric objects to represent stock market emery levels http://greyenlightenment.com/sornette-vs-taleb-debate/ Sornette’s 2013 TED video, in which he predicts an imminent stock market crash due to some ‘power law’, is also wrong because two years later the stock market has continued to rally. You write on your blog: These kinds of crashes are not caused by external events or bad players–they are endemic to all markets and result from the cooperative actions of all participants. Easier said than done. I don't think the log periodic theory is a holy grail to making money in the market. There are too many instances here it has failed, but you cherry-picked a single example with bitcoin where it could have worked. A lot of Reddit users forget or don;t realize that Reddit is a business, not a non-profit. For all we know, it may not have been Ellen's fault...a lot of people jumping the gun So in other words, an asset class that has been run-up very quickly is falling very quickly. The media acts like this is unusual, when those who actually study markets see that it happens all the time. no, because it said splcenter.org Here we go again What's being ignored is that the odds of your company becoming the next Air BNB or even 1/100 as successful as Air BNB are pretty slim. I dunno what the stats on y combinator is, but I imagine the vast majority of start-ups are will never be sold for over $100 million But I wish I were there, no doubt. I like the idea and I would have pitched then $10k as throwaway money and be a millionaire 100 times over. Most investors are not that good. Look at the stats that show money mangers lag the market. I would have funded Air BNB because it's very scalable, it fills a large market, and seemed to have very low initial costs. It's not like they needed a huge infrastructure to get it going. Air BNB is like a middleman, kinda like Ebay. There is a major reason for this: Obamacare Small companies are more reluctant to hire for fear of having to pay employee insurance if they have over 50 employees, under the employer mandate. Other factors include the inexorable trend towards more efficiency and productivity. These are forces beyond anyone's control. Then you have huge competition for for even low-level service jobs, leaving many job seekers with no option but to choose 'gig' jobs. But you also have instances of people making more money with gig jobs than they would have in a regular job. Some people also hold gig jobs and regular jobs. While progress may seem slower, we have a lot more people working on these unsolved problems. Also there is the fusion of abstract math and physics, which creates thousands of 'physicists' out of unwitting mathematicians. Due to the physical limitations of experiments, most forthcoming progress in physics will be purely abstract. But just because we can't test some of these theories doesn't mean we should disregard though, provided there are as few logical inconsistencies as possible. Gmail is terrible in so many ways - Being randomly locked out of your account, the clunky user-unfriendly interface, the difficulty of marking certain senders as spam, ... How to get a job at Google: add annoying stuff no one asked for, ignore requests users want Giving away your work can be the prelude to finding paying customers but you can get a distribution more similar to a power law but using a log normal distribtion wonder why this story hasn't gotten more up-votes or comments. I wonder how some like Mr. Tao learns things...he must be able to grasp complicated things nearly instantly I wonder if employees will start treating stat-ups like VCs do, by joining many firms for fractional equity of a single employee. yeah..and that's why verbal scores are lower than math ones lol I initially thought it was a bug bounty this is interesting, but also I'm curious how a week-old blog on a old school blogger template with only two posts got noticed so fast? index allocation as a % of total assets will keep rising, but total assets will also keep rising.. That means individual stocks will still have price discovery despite a futuristic scenario where 99% of all money is indexed. The mechanism for how this leads to collusion is unclear. what matters is the cash flow. Amazon is cash flow positive meaning that their operations are very profitable, but they are reinvesting this profits into the business why does walmart occasionally pay $100,000 in an injury lawsuit from tacking a shoplifter who stole $10 of stuff? because the accumulative effects of doing nothing will cost far more than $100,000 I am doubtful that one of these boot-campers will be as good as someone with 10+ years of coding experience, so there will still be a wage premium for the most competent of coders Yea, this article would have been applicable in 1998, but not so much today. Even domain names are becoming antiquated, with everything moving to apps and cloud. The most popular blogs I read are still hosted on blogspot and wordpress...Having a good domain won't save your business if the execution and other aspects are flawed. For entrepreneurs, the domains name should be the least concern. exactly ..people go to the app store. Few ever go to snapchat.com They hear about it on Facebook, on twitter, the press, through word of mouth must be killing it with that huge insurance ad That's why it's smart that millennials are living with their parents longer, using the saved $ to eventually buy a home instead of making the landlord rich. It's not immaturity - it's adaptation. People on the left-side of the bell curve are the most impressionable to advertising and are are also the least likely to install adblock. so not a problem. On his Reddit account, he writes: Jews aren't white or human, despite being Jewish himself. Makes me wonder how many internet white nationalists are in person self-hating minorities But this big story is the thwarted bomb attack, which is why he was arrested. The trolling is secondary. Maybe that's why so many millennials are living at home, or why the stigma of not leaving the nest is gone http://greyenlightenment.com/why-millennials-are-still-livin... why make the landlord rich when you can use the saved money by living at home to build your own financial future The iPhone in your pocket has more computing power than the Voyager spacecraft that left the solar system two years ago Sigh..people who use this example don't understand engineering. The Voyager doesn't need much power to do its job. An iPhone needs a lot of power to surf the web and play videos. An iphone also has more computing power than a Casio watch that you can buy a Walmart, because the watch doesn't need much power to merely display the time. It also has more computing power than a traffic light. As for R&D, another possibility is that universities and small companies may be compensating for R&D stagnation in bigger companies. Many bigger companies acquire small innovative firms instead of doing the research all themselves. I've heard this argument many times; investment involves risk, potentially 100% of invested capital or more, unlike a paycheck. exactly. it punishes risk takers. But PE ratios today, unlike in the late 90's, are not that high. Stocks, especially large cap technology and large-cap consumer like Nike and Disney, may still be a good value short sellers who don't understand the subtlety between 'cash from operations' vs. 'net income ' the critics of string theory need to consider this, instead of just dismissing the theory as un-testable this is fine if you have f-u money, but for everyone else it sucks Your online presence is becoming your new, indelible permanent record. Anything incriminating, so long as it’s archived on a major search engine or social network, can and will come back to hurt you. The rich, such as Rap Genius co-founder Mahbod Moghadam who was fired from the annotation service after posting comments about Elliot Rogers, don’t have to worry so much about the consequences of reckless online behavior because they at least retain their equity in the said company, so being fired is just like a permanent vacation. Now the 9-5er who gets fired only has unemployment to fall back on. Much worse. But those online comments will also hurt your future job prospects, leaving you with no recourse but to request they be removed (fat chance) or pay inordinate amounts of money to a reputation firm to bury the results. If you’re really smart and talented your skills may be so valuable and rare that employers may overlook your past transgressions. So we see with the abnegation of privacy and anonymity, like most changes of the post-2008 economy, primarily impact those who are the most vulnerable, and there’s nothing anyone can or will do about it. The only solution is be careful what you post on Facebook, Twitter or elsewhere, and if someone slanders you, there isn’t much you can do that won’t cost a lot of money and time. Email subscription popups ...those are annoying probably due to metabolism more so than activity To call it 'dangerous' is a bit of a stretch..maybe annoying. The easiest detection system is that the tweets of an account with a lot of fake followers will have very little, if any, interaction . I'm kinda irked stuff like this makes to arxiv but you still need the 'two referrals' system to upload stuff. I can't image the worst math paper is much worse than this. lol if it's so easy, I implore you to create a Twitter competitor... and to make your challenge easier, instead of it being worth $20 billion, we'll lower the bar to, say, $150 million. It's already been done..every major web 2.0 success has many clones that all tried but failed to gain the necessary momentum and marketshare to become as successful as Twitter or Dropbox, for example. Even Evernote, despite all the attention and funding it has gotten, is stuck in the ruts. Yes, the coding part can be replicated, but getting the users and traction is the hardest part. I wonder when the earliest this could have been feasible on a web browser You got to have balls of steel to short a company like Twitter. I would rather short oil, gas, or commodity companies . Facebook stock, for example, is up 200% since 2012, leaving a lot of shorts burned in the process who thought it was overvalued. the ability to turn txt into a diagram is intriguing I suspect it's a memory problem, but I just noticed this about 2 days ago and is there a way to make chrome not do this? I like having many tabs open All subjects took a benchmark cognitive test, a kind of modified I.Q. test, at the beginning and at the end of the study. Although improvements were observed in every cognitive task that was practiced, there was no evidence that brain training made people smarter. Scores on the benchmark test, for which subjects could not train, did not significantly increase at the end of the study. That's what I suspected. that's why awhile ago I proposed the high-IQ basic income. It's like a government Mensa that pays its members. But it would also be very un-egalitarian there already exist methods to generate skewed distributions that are very similar to the ones shown in the article. not sure how this is new. Skewed distributions arise form a more general case of the normal distribution but with added parameters or the use of special functions It's written in the first person, and he's describing the findings. How else should he have written it? His mistake was answering the officer's initial questions. You are under no obligation to talk to the police if questioned. If the officer has sufficient reason to believe you're guilty (such as witnessing a crime), he will simply arrest you on the spot and talking won't do any good. Second, I see a subtle racial angle to this, and as a white person I too have been stopped by the police several times. White police are not singling out black people. getting barraged by dovecotes but will not remove the post because I think it is still helpful, or at least encourage discussion about the matter A top link on HN must send an enormous amount of traffic...has anyone ran a study as to how many hits it generates? I'm guessing a couple hundred thousand if it stays on the front page for a day. We couldn't start the level: This level has been locked by a different server. (Sorry if this happened accidentally as a result of a server crash -- it will clear up in an hour.) Refresh page to check if server is down? I have read this is not possible, because most of the loans are guaranteed by the federal government. For-profit colleges could make good shorts, but those stocks have already been hammered a lot. for-profit colleges profit That's what I'm doing now for all my other Wikipedia sandboxes. I just assumed it was safe up there, and it was for almost 2 years, until I checked recently. People lose money in the market because of bad timing (buying high selling low) and poor strategy (buying energy stocks in 2014, for eample), not because of dark polls and stuff like that. the pdf to the paper: http://arxiv.org/pdf/1512.02683v1.pdf The amount of background research required to even try to understand this is immense It's just nuts. How does one begin to put the pieces together It's not like they don't have enough ads on the article pages themselves. I'm sure they are extremely profitable with all those ads plastered everywhere, with enough ads that it slows the browser. I hope LinkedIn and Quora contributors gains more traction, because the user experience is much better for the reader. Facebook is another example of a company that is extremely profitable while running ads that are not too obtrusive or annoying. Mathematically speaking though, Michael Berry's success may have been more to do with luck than skill: 1. Nowadays, options are priced in such a manner that the expected value of buying OTM hedges is almost always negative. This is due to the inflated volatility for out-of-money put options and other factors. 2. It just so happened that the subprime mortgage meltdown coincided with his career; for the period between 1935-2007, his strategy would not have worked. It also would not have worked between 2008-present. (maybe it worked have worked in 1987, so we're talking three instances out of a century). Right now, the evidence suggests bank have reformed their lending practices, with higher credit scores for new homeowners, so the odds of another financial meltdown are slim. 3. The fed balance sheet is big, but interest rates are very low. The fed has posted a large profit , a 30% gain in 2015 for a profit over over $100 billion, which is sent back to the treasury http://money.cnn.com/2015/03/20/investing/fed-profit-balance... And the evidence due to the mathematics of the yield curve and the composition of the fed's holdings suggests the the odds of the fed losing money on it holdings is very low: http://blogs.wsj.com/economics/2011/04/11/odds-of-fed-losing... “Short-term interest rates would have to rise rapidly to quite high levels — in the neighborhood of 7% — for the Fed’s interest expenses to surpass its interest income. Such an outcome appears very unlikely,” the paper said. In the event that the Fed did face a loss, it could simply hand no money back to the Treasury and, “in the most extreme case, future remittances would also be reduced (and recorded as a change in deferred credit), but the Fed’s capital base and financial position still would remain completely secure.” Japan has a much bigger debt, they seem to be doing fine. Low interest and srong dollar is due to reserve currency status, flight to safety, emerging market weakness, commodity weakness, petro dollar, the large size of the US economy, and other factors. " The zero interest-rate policy broke the social contract for generations of hardworking Americans who saved for retirement, only to find their savings are not nearly enough." But the evidence actually shows that a better returns can be had with stocks than cash (bills). Even with rates at 4%, stocks way outperform cash: http://www.skepticmoney.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/1802-... Putting cash into a bank is a poor way to save for retirement, if past performance is any clue. The 'hardworking person' saving for retirement by stashing all his money in the bank may more myth than reality. The majority of Americans have little savings, so the difference between 0% rates and 4% is immaterial if your expenses exceed your income. http://www.gobankingrates.com/savings-account/62-percent-ame... The problem is not that interest rates are too low, but rather people suck at personal fiance. But on the other had, the Paradox Of Thrift suggests that it's 'good' for the economy that too people don't save too much. Those who have more wealth put it in stocks, bonds, or index funds. They seldom keep it in cash. cooperate profits are at record highs. A bond crisis would require either a crash in profits or a spike in rates, neither which show any signs of occurring. Contrary to popular belief, a lot of pundits were actually bearish on housing in 2005-2007. Given the enormity of the crash, it makes these predictions seem more prescient than they really were, but such predictions were hardly unique. A Google headline search from 2004-2007 shows many calls for a bubble or crash in housing. Also, the vast majority of pundit predictions are wrong (like all those predictions between 2009-present for the stock market to crash and or for a double dip recession). Being right once is hardly a reprieve. I just bought my palo alto house http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/monopoly/images/4/4b/Mon... there is a lot more at play here than NIMBY-ism http://greyenlightenment.com/why-bay-area-real-estate-keeps-... The trend is that wealth inequality will become almost the same as IQ inequality. IQ is more much important today than a generation ago in influencing individual economic outcomes. 100 years ago in an economy dominated by manual labor, the difference between a 90 IQ and 120 IQ wasn't that important, but now it is. Small observation: why title the file re.html? Why not just spell fragmentation? Is there a reason to do it this way? Why .html? Doesn't that make it hard to update all the pages at once such as menus and footers? The design is very minimalist, but it's effective. We're definitely in a winner-take-all economy, whether it's real estate, stocks, the dominance of companies like Google, amazon, and amazon, or web 2.0 valuations. In the early 20th century, big companies were synonymous with efficiency. In the late 20th century they were synonymous with inefficiency. To some extent this was because the companies themselves had become sclerotic. But it was also because our standards were higher. ------------------------------------ Huh? His memory must have stopped in 2000 at the peak of the dotcom bubble. Everything has become much more efficient (both in the stock market and in corporate america) and competitive, with droves of college graduates applying for jobs that can be completed by a high-school dropout. The author mentions the worst companies that even I, web 2.0 bull, would never invest in http://greyenlightenment.com/billion-dollar-startup-club-pic... He mentions box.net but ignores dropbox. No mention of Air BNB, Uber, Snapchat, Slack. Although these aren't public, there is an investor bias against hardware, but such a bias is warranted given the storied history of once high-flying hardware companies eventually soaking investors due to profit margin compression, competition, or becoming fads or obsoleted, examples being Sony, Atari, Garmin, Nintendo, Sega, Fitbit, Nokia, Motorola, Gopro, Jawbone, Skull Candy, Research in Motion, and many more. Yeah, there is valuation pressure, but for companies that aren't very good. This is evidence investors are becoming smarter and more selective, whereas in the 90's a company like Fitbit would have had a PE ratio of 500 instead of 50, which is what it is right now. Valuations were indiscriminate, meaning that companies with really bad fundamental were valued very richly, although the worst of these companies like Pets.com and The Globe tended to fizzle quickly. Better ones like Infospace and AOL held up longer, but too, eventually succumbed when the hype died. The one for Square is off just 20% from the private round vs. Dec. 31st close. It hasn't really moved that much. Way too soon to assume it's under pressure. Most of the valuations gains were made in the years leading up to the IPO, as companies are going public later and later. That could explain why some of the post-IPO gains seem stunted. even though I'm a 'free market' guy, nice to see action being taken against pseudoscience. http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/brain-training-doe... http://greyenlightenment.com/brain-training-doesnt-make-you-... 'Brain training' no better than 'penis enhancement'...just as dubious believe it or not, being sued by a private entity is actually worse than having the IRS after you. Not to downplay the IRS, but some of the fears of the IRS tend to be exaggerated and sensationalized. Pop culture an the media has done a good job instilling fear in the IRS, but reality paints a more pleasant picture. Another possibility is that the writer doesn't actually know if something is certain or not. What if you don't know something for certain? Isn't some discretion needed? Humility is being open the possibility of being wrong. writing, repetition, and reminding seem helpful. Sounds like goalpost moving, where slightly mediocre growth becomes a 'depression' The 2008 recession, while deep and sudden, was narrow, only lasting about 16 months until growth picked up, where it has remained. Hardly a decade. Also, the authors seem to be cherry picking the bad data (weak wage growth, China, shrinking labor force) and ignoring the good data such as exports, consumer spending, robust S&P 500 profits & earnings, technological innovation, stock market gains, etc. Right now, we’re in a Goldilocks economy of modest growth, no stagnation, tame inflation, and no meaningful economic headwinds. Some pundits like Summers and Krugman bemoan how America’s economic growth is too anemic, especially compared to the 40′s and 50′s, and that its best days are behind it, but as I show here and in the graph below, US GDP growth has broken from the pack, since 2008 exceeding pretty much all g-20 nations. Yeah, 2-3% GDP growth ain’t great, but compared to pretty much everywhere else that has either no growth (Japan, UK, France) or high-inflation growth (Turkey, India, Brazil) – it’s pretty good. source: http://greyenlightenment.com/america-is-not-in-decline-long-... And that is especially impressive for an economy as large as America. We’re never going to get back to 40′s era growth, and that’s fine. Law of large numbers and diminishing returns. It’s harder to grow an economy that is 5x larger at the rate it was growing when it was 5x smaller. Post-2008 GDP growth is pretty much back to the historical average, or at least back to where it was in the late 90′s and 2000′s. Not hyper-speed growth, but certainty not recessionary. Recent real GDP (below) doesn’t differ too much from historical performance: http://i.imgur.com/znVtqaH.jpg Real US GDP growth is roughly back to where it was between 1997-2007, and no one was complaining about stagnation back then. depression/recession has now been redefined to mean 'economy is not how we want it to be' Entitlement spending is so high that it almost acts like a UBI. http://thf_media.s3.amazonaws.com/infographics/2014/12/CP-Fe... The lowest quintile of households have a negative effective tax rate. http://krusekronicle.typepad.com/kruse_kronicle/images/2008/... A UBI without preconditions would just compound existing spending. Forbes is like a for-profit Wikipedia. Impossible to not see a Forbes result after when you do a google search. I think I saw a Forbes result when looking up some obscure string theory query. They are everywhere now. Like a kudzu. Their gateway pages are annoying, and I'm surprised they don't run afoul of Google's SEO guidelines. Give that their articles are everywhere when you go a google search, I'm sure they are making wheelbarrows full of money, even if the 'brand' suffers a bit. Print magazines written by professionals have been in decline for while now. User-generated content of mediocre quality is where it is now. That is the business model that makes the most money Probably the best way to defeat ad blockers is to make the ads as unobtrusive and un-annoying possible. Facebook seems to have succeeded at this . Mobile adverting may also be more resistant to ad blocking. I think it's cookie based. If you can insert the' welcome cookie' using a cookie editor , that may work. I don't seethe welcome screen when I visit Forbes on my main browser. But I see it on a new window with cookies cleared. It's simple Ideas like these that succeed. Imgur succeeded because other image sharing sites (at the time) were so awful, requiring registration, captchas, or being low and buggy. Also, being integrated by Reddit helped a lot, and the demise of other meme sites around 2013. Businessinsider is a notorious click-bait aggregator, spinning minutia into hype. Reminds be of the Uber California court report they hyped last year, which predictably didn't really anywhere http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/18/business/uber-contests-cal... That was seven months ago and Uber didn't die as many predicted it would Some people so badly want for this to be 2000 all over again they they have to make things up. They have to turn molehills into mountains. The visual scrapbook platform should be printing money. Its predominantly female audience browses Pinterest's various boards for inspiration about their next fashion purchases, vacation destination, or on how to decorate a house — and they also act as free brand representatives by "pinning" their favorite products, making them visible to others. It may come as a surprise to some, but making money is not important. That's why so many people lost their shirts shorting the 'unprofitable' Amazon.com Rather, it's the the demonstrated ability to make money, which is more important. Should the time come to turn on the advertising money printing press, Pinterest and Snapchat, like Facebook, should have no difficulty making money. There's already a huge line of advertisers ready to plow hundreds of millions of dollars into Pinterest ads. Investors are patient, knowing that Pinterest will start printing money when the time is right. But right now, Pinterest is still building the userbase and perfecting their ad platform. Like Facebook, Pinterest's profit margins will be extremely high, and it would not surprise me if this company is worth $50 billion soon. But right now, Pinterest, like many web successful web 2.0 companies, is more interested in taking its time to build positive user and advertiser experience, than milking every user for every last dime. This is the first time I've seen a github used for non programming purpose I actually thing we're in a philosophy boom, with recent developments in quantum mechanics and the synthesis between the two subjects. There is a lot of research in this area, about quantum mechanics, thought experiments (Chinese room), turing tests, complexity/computational theory of mind (Bostrom simulation argument, singularity) and connection to free will and other philosophical concepts. Philosophy becoming more STEM-like. Am I the only one who is still on the fence about China? It’s too early to say there is actually a mess. There is evidence maybe growth is glowing, but it’s far too early to call it a catastrophe, even though the doom and gloom media has been calling it one for the past year. The debate is over 7% GDP growth vs. 5.5%. The Rise and Fall of the Chinese Economy. If by 'fall' he means 5.5% GDP growth instead of 7%. Maybe a lot of this doom and gloom comes down to a a simple math misunderstanding, which is that 'slowing growth' is not the same as shrinkage. Slowing growth implies the second derivative is negative, but the first one is still positive, meaning the size of the economy is still expanding. An example is the function ln(1+x) Rather, his video does a good job of explaining what could go wrong, but I'm not sold on the idea that there's a crisis now. I would not be surprised if this blows over in a a couple months like it did in the past during past concerns over China. It's just unsubstantiated assumption, which is common when journalists cover things they have little knowledge about. If the public market can't 'absorb' it, then the prices will fall. A marketplace exists at these high pries because that's what people are willing to pay. The EMH says it shouldn't matter too much. The transition from private to public adds more liquidity for traders, but in accordance to the EMH it should work both ways (50% chance of buying or selling). Those who wanted to buy but couldn't will do so now that the shares are public, and some will sell. There should be no expected edge shorting companies that go public, after taking into account borrowing costs and other factors. The evidence suggests such a strategy would probably break-even, in accordance with the EMH. https://qph.is.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-ef1c7da1ddf19c2c7c7d90... these companies (snapchat, uber, dropbox, pinterest, etc) are rapidly growing, that's a major why A VC fund averages slightly better than the market, suggesting possible inefficiencies I'm sure the domain has value. It can re-brand itself as another user-submitted content farm like Forbes and Fortune between david bowie and this, cancer seems to be the midlife killer of choice . Much process has been made in heart disease, but cancer? Not so much. Once it's spread, you're dead. (2 years usually) those are just the stats. Metastatic cancer is almost always fatal with an average survival of 2 years. That shows why more progress need to be made. spread= metastatic I'll believe it when I see actual secondary shares for major companies like Uber and Pinterest see substantial declines. Until then, this is all speculation. It's weird... It's like everyone want it to be 2000 all over again, even though that was a bad time for tech. A lot of smart people have lost money on the belief that trends that seem unsustainable must reverse or that history must always repeat, when there are factors that can cause wildly diverging outcomes even when there are many similarities between the past and present. You can have a situation where the past matches the present with 99% accuracy, but that 1% makes a huge difference in outcomes. This is related to chaos theory, where small perturbations in the initial conditions can cause the evolution of the system to change dramatically. Many people lost money shorting Amazon and Facebook stock between 2012-2015 on the belief that we are in another tech bubble, and while there are many similarities between 2000 and now (such as high stock prices) there are some subtle differences, too, such as better fundamentals. And those subtleties make the difference between a profitable trade and losing your shirt. Or another example, may people got burned betting against the stock market recovery, since 2009, believing that there would be a double dip recession, that there would be a 'Great Depression', or that America would become Japan 2.0, when, in fact, neither happened despite the many similarities. These short-sellers grievously underestimated the propensity of the consumer, undaunted by the doom and gloom in the news, to keep consuming and the unimpeded ability of S&P 500 companies to keep generating record profits and earnings. hmmm....I think it's more than that. Ants, bees and other insects cooperate. The defining characteristic may be an awareness of mortality, which is probably what prompted the rescue. I did a search for Walmart jobs in my area ( a large metropolitan area) - zero hiring. With the exception of certain types of jobs, there has been little hiring since 2006 or so. The supply of labor vastly exceeds the demand, for many jobs. We're definitely moving to a 'post-labor' economy, with more 'gig' jobs and fewer salaried ones. In 2011, Mc Donald's had a national hiring day, receiving over a million applications but accepting only 50,000. Too many people, not enough jobs. who would have guessed that in 2 decades he would be so successful. Bloomberg was right in the middle of the intersection of computers and trading. The timing could not have been better. loading this nearly crashed my browser more like rectangle - cut in half On AngelList, a crowdfunding site aimed at such investors, the average valuation for a company receiving funding reached $4.9 million for two quarters last year, its highest level in five years. But valuations dropped to $4.2 million in the fourth quarter, the lowest level since early 2012. Dow Jones VentureSource data shows that deals involving angel investors fell by 16% last year. It seems like a big deal until you realize there is a huge variance in prices and that 2012 isn't very long ago. The biggest and most successful ones seem to be doing just fine. It's easy to separate the potential winners from the losers though. Start-ups that deal with hardware and other physical stuff tend to fare much worse than apps and software. There's a bubble in bubble predictions. Everyone wants their 'I told you so' fame, for some reason. I guess it's human nature to want to be right or to see the overly successful stumble back to earth. He says there is "blood in the water," and we are entering a 90-10 situation for the unicorn class of startups with billion-dollar valuations in which 90% of the startups will be repriced or die and 10% will make it. Well, that's kinda how it's supposed to be. That's why expected value is more important. A few $200+ billion Facebooks and Googles can compensate for a lot of smaller $1 billion failures. As if the government does a better job managing money, which is why the concept of 'exit' is appealing to some in Silicon Valley. New technologies emerge from bubbles. The only way to do away with the boom bust cycle is to do away with capitalism itself. you may be waiting awhile Haven't we been 'expecting' this since 2012, yet the biggest, most successful unicorns keep going up in value. For all the hype and doom about Square stock, the price is back to where it was when it began trading a month ago, although it has fallen 20% in recent weeks. But this is a good opportunity for employees to understand the risks of stock options, but it's not like the world is coming to an end. Such risks have always existed. What is often forgotten or ignored are all of the people globalization helps lift up Maybe we need to come to terms with the fact that the http://greyenlightenment.com/the-meritocracy-we-dont-underst... meritocracy is one stratified by IQ, with some having the cognitive potential to produce more merit than others, and those smarter people will tend to rise to the top socially and economically, too. But the benefit is we get new technologies, job creation, and higher standards of living. That doesn't mean we need to do away with merit, but instead offer economic conditions for everyone to succeed within their cognitive potential. You can't raise society and the economy by chopping down the smartest, the most successful, which is I think what Paul Graham was getting at. Class warfare is analogous to Animal Farm where the uprising makes things worse. People who are rich should not have to prove they are sufficiently empathetic. There's a saying, 'offence is taken, not given'. I've heard of this argument. 'Why do the rich need so much money? Why not just create a 'wealth cap'? The problem is, capitalism is about incentives. When you create a negative incentives, it creates externalities, possibly in the form of companies moving overseas, job loss, and economic stagnation. Second, is it fair for someone or some entity to confiscate what is not theirs, beyond taxes? Third, capitalism is expensive. Venture capital is funded by wealthy, an example being the Space-x and Blue Origin rocket programs, both very costly and funded by billionaires Musk and Jeff Bezos. If taxes were much higher, such programs may not exist. Most venture capital is private: http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/MK-CQ161_KEYWOR_16... http://www.wsj.com/articles/humanitys-last-great-hope-ventur... High corporate tax rates create an economic incentive for companies to move factories and offices overseas through 'inversions' to get a lower tax rate: http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2015/08/ec... Relative to most developed countries, America has a very high corporate tax rate: It’s a rock-solid fact that the U.S. corporate statutory tax rate is the highest among developed nations and is significantly higher than the average. According to 2014 data from the OECD, the combined federal and state statutory corporate tax rate for the United States is 39.1 percent. The average of the other 33 members of the OECD is 24.8 percent — 14.3 percentage points lower than the U.S. rate. Weighted by country GDP, the average for these 33 countries is 28.3 percent — 10.8 percentage points lower than the U.S. rate. The rise of indexing parallels the cutthroat, winner-take -all nature of the post-2008 stock market and economy where winners like Google, Amazon, Visa, and Facebook, for example, are bid higher and higher to no end and companies that show slightest weakness are culled quickly. Even blue chips are not immune to this. Walmart stock crashed 30% in 2015 in an otherwise flat market due to some minor weakness in store sales. In the 80's and the 90's, large funds were more willing to put money in sub-par stocks & sectors, investing indiscriminately, but post-2008 capitalism has gotten much smarter and discriminating. That means lots of losing stocks and few winners, leaving investors with one of three choices: be lucky or skilled enough choose the handful of winning stocks, choose index funds, or choose active management, the latter which tries to beat the first two but almost always fails and has really high fees. The second choice is the most viable. The dry index is a poor predictor of future economic health or stock market returns http://greyenlightenment.com/economics-myths-part-7-the-balt... The index was flat in the 80' and 90's yet the global economy boomed. Not sure why stories that are sensationalist hyperbole get voted to the front page anyway These logos aren't good. A logo should have some degree of symmetry, simple enough to draw, original, and not readily resembling something in real life or a prior logo. this is an umbrella plus tear drop: http://www.logodust.com/img/logo18.png paperclip http://www.logodust.com/img/logo20.png too complicated to be effective: http://www.logodust.com/img/logo9.png ripoff of star trek and anarchy circle http://www.logodust.com/img/logo2.png this was the only good one http://www.logodust.com/img/logo1.png It's like a joke i heard awhile back: It's easy to talk to the dead, it's getting them to reply which is hard. Facebook is not a fair comparison. But I quit Facebook because it made me unhappy and dissatisfied. Twitter makes me smart. How did this even get to the front page? HN needs some better quality control. Lately been seeing a lot of mediocre medium articles get on the front page. What if two people make opposite predictions about Twitter's future? Would they both be wrong? the traffic, money (from the amazon links) and attention he gets is a great motivator to keep making more posts. As someone who has spent 10 years writing online with little to nothing to show for it, this does not work. You need connections, good luck, and or genetically endowed talents to succeed. More hours will not cut it. Also, becoming good enough to be an expert requires being better than 99.9% of people, which by virtue of the Bell Curve is unobtainable for most people. The chess example may be measuring something else (some other normally distributed variable) than IQ, with IQ being an important but only secondary factor. How does one 'deliberately practice' writing? Using longer words, writing more? It's not like the most successful writers or writings are the most complicated. Maybe it's also about 'pitching' ideas, networking, but this could be seen as a separate skill than just writing. Finding the optimal linear regression of what people want. he show ended in 2004. The same year that Facebook began, the year that George W. Bush was re-elected to a second term, the year that reality television became a dominant force in pop culture, with American Idol starting an eight-year reign of terror as the No. 1 show in the U.S., the same year that Paris Hilton started her own “lifestyle brand” and released an autobiography. And Joey Tribbiani got a spin-off TV show. The year 2004 was when we completely gave up and embraced stupidity as a value. Just ask Green Day; their album American Idiot was released in 2004, and it won the Grammy for Best Rock Album. You can’t get more timely. The rejection of Ross marked the moment when much of America groaned, mid-sentence, at the voice of reason. Looks like cherry picking by the author. Long ago, people thought Elvis and Ed Sullivan were the 'end of Western civilization'. However, the economic events of 2008, and recently accelerated in 2013, seem to have puts the nerds at the top of the socioeconomic totem-pole as measured by income, prestige, and wealth. As housing, energy, construction, manufacturing and other 'blue collar' and 'low-skill' jobs and sectors have faltered, 'nerd' jobs like IT and coding have been very resistant, seeing strong growth and high wages compared to the proliferation of low-paying service sector and 'gig' jobs, as well as the downsizing of middle management and mediocre employees. yaaawn more misleading titles. 'Pulling out' would imply lower valuations, of which there is no evidence for startups like Snapchat, Pinterest or Uber. Instead of selling, what is happening is that we're seeing a flight to quality, which is something I predicted months ago. you can get very high stats (good shapre , low draw-downs, lots of of winning months) just by going 'long' short-duration bonds and or selling far out of money index options. The problem is you may not make much money. You can sell a S&P 500 1000 put but you'll only make $500 over 6-12 months with $100k at risk. However, this is path dependent, meaning that large losses may be sustained on paper until the storm subsides. Even long 3-month t bills gives an infinitely high sharpe but the returns are crap As I have found, sharpe can be a misleading measurement of risk due to path dependence. Historically, consumer staples have much better risk-adjusted returns than any other sector. Buying and holding these stocks will beat active management and the S&P 500. Active management, despite their access to expensive Bloomberg terminals and other financial resources, by in large, are just as clueless as retail investors, but they have more money and make up the difference in fees. What does this prove? The fact that billionaires and hedge fund mangers – who have access unlimited data, who can buyout seats on the board of directors, and can even influence the news – are unable to beat the market but instead underperform it substantially, douses cold water on the popular belief that the markets are rigged, inefficient, or a scam. The biggest scam are these firms charging high fees for poor performance, but the market itself is not broken. Instead, the market has become more efficient than ever, benefiting index buyers and hurting those who think the are the next Warren Buffet. and some billionaire fortunes have been lost; in the end, you get the overall market performance. Maybe there is some excess. It would be interesting if there were a study about if stocks of companies by Forbes 400 members outperform stocks which don't have members. I said more efficient than ever. That doesn't mean 100% efficiency. Selling out of the money puts will almost never generate a downdown. Hence an infinite sharpe because the denominator is zero. Technically you are still beating the risk-free rate but there is a lot of downside risk not accounted for in the shapre ratio. Often a huge amount of leverage is applied to boost returns. arxiv makes it virtually impossible to publish unaffiliated but stuff like this makes it on a supposedly reputable website The lump of labor fallacy is a pervasive one Despite all the hype over outsourcing, the number of Silicon Valley jobs is close to the 2000 highs http://www.spur.org/sites/default/files/wysiwyg/u168/Screen%... Silcon Valley job growth has pretty much tracked the rest of the nation https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/8e/US_Labor_Forc... Job creation and destruction is an inescapable part of a dynamic economy. Had those word been filtered none of this would have happened. I'm surprised Microsoft didn't have some overriding system But then how you filter out stuff like 'the Holocaust didn't happen', which would be just as offensive even though it involves no swear words. These are normative matters, which I imagine would be very hard for AI to tackle. Not to brag, but I could have predicted the rise of those examples given. Had I been able to invest, I would have done so. Evernote, on the other hand, I would have stayed away from.. If I were a VC investing in consumer internet technology, I would be looking for market dominance, a clean user experience, a unique angle that differentiates it from similar services, scalability, high profitability, relatively low costs, and broad appeal. Investing in Facebook in 2007 would have been easy, seeing that the site was already gaining a lot of traction and had high profit potential. Most social networks fizzle out pretty quickly. The hardest part is probably getting the opportunity to invest, not choosing the company. I def. know a lot about this area, and myself predicted the rise of valuations of major web 2.0 companies like Facebook, Snapchat, and Uber. But I don't think it's that hard of a skill picking the winners from the losers. But he problem is if everyone followed this strategy you would have a lot of unfunded companies. As violent as boxing is, it's very rare for fighters to die. Same for Football. Mountain climbing, rock climbing, downhill skiing and snowboarding are more dangerous, but the dangers get much less media attention than the attention over football concussions. wish I had bought put option on this. PBR (petro Brazil ) may also be at risk there are probably a couple dozen such energy,mining ,drilling, etc companies that may fall 50% in a week. A 4 cent investment ($4 per contract) can turn into $1-1.5 ($150) if the timing is right Despite all the news over 'safe spaces' and SJWs on campus, the academic process itself (including peer review, tenure, and other aspect) tends to be very illiberal. Capitalism tries to make everything fast, efficiently and easy (provided there is a market) but academia can be frustratingly bureaucratic in its effort to be 'above' money. although the market is very efficient, I believe there are a handful of people who have genuine market timing ability Issac Asmimov's the Final Question ends with a sentience that spans the universe yyaawwn people also thought Facebook was ruined when they stopped only accepting edu emails tired of it too . just another platform for tumrblr people who are grownup to channel their narcissism. And most of the articles are of low quality, with unnecessarily large font and stupid pictures that makes me feel like I'm in 5th grade again. Just more evidence the media, that for months has been sounding the alarm that Web 2.0 had burst, is almost always useless and wrong. Tech media no exception. I guess it's not burst. The Nasdaq stock index is up 15% from the lows in Fed. We're seeing a flight to quality, not a bubble burst, which is a subtly that is lost on most journalists. This is a ubiquitous business model that will succeed where evernote failed. This seems similar to cookie stuffing, which is prohibited by amazon. The idea is to send lots of low quality traffic to skim commissions from the session A major problem is that amazon has a 2-month lag in payments (feb payment are made in late april), so it would really suck to spend $1000's on ads and not get paid. But what about existing entitlement sending, which keeps growing? A UBI without preconditions will only compound that problem, because what is to stop people from wasting their basic income on frivolities while also drawing from existing welfare programs. Many people may agree to work for less than the current minimum wage, and on more flexible terms, if they're supplementing a guaranteed income, not scrambling to avoid having to beg for food. But this is not the case. What everyone seems to forget that despite the low labor force participation rate, the poorest are not starving to death; in fact, they're more likely to be obese than higher earners. The assumption that a UBI, on top of existing welfare programs, will make people more compelled to work seems like a stretch. Proponents of the UBI make the generous assumption that recipients will be as careful with money as they (the proponents) are . Choosing between food & housing credits vs. cash, the former has less room for abuse. Its like "I would never use my UBI on alcohol"...well you're not "most people" that why every social network does ghosting to trick spammers and trolls so I guess questioning the merits of democracy makes one a 'fascist'. there is no in-between These fellows are selected for high IQ will benefit either way. By virtue of his intelligence, connections, and family wealth, Bill Gates would have been successful whether he stayed in college or not. I'm sure many of these failed fellows will go to college and resume where they left off. My 'fantasy VC' scorecard since 2008 is nearly perfect, having hypothetically put money into snapchat, air BNB, Uber, and Facebook. Picking the future winners from the losers seems very easy, but the problem is if everyone did this strategy many companies would go unfunded. Just simply funding companies that are already big and growing rapidly and riding the momentum, seems to guarantee the most consistent returns. Investing in tiny startups seems not worth it since the expected value is not high enough and the liquidity is probably poor. I use to care much more, and then I realized that since most predictions by pundits are wrong, it probably doesn't matter that much. The economy will adapt either way, although there may be some unintended consequences of higher wages, as the article alludes to.. I wonder what Theranos is worth now? We are on a self-imposed path leading to only one place: a city that is entirely rich and, more or less, entirely white. I want to live in a beautiful, multiethnic, socioeconomically mixed community. A city where people of low, moderate, and high incomes live together, and people of different ethnicities interact. I guess he's never heard of Chinatown. SF is one of the most most ethnically diverse cities in the country. http://theculturetrip.com/north-america/usa/california/artic... Also 'white' does not imply 'rich', as there are many regions in America that are predominantly white and very poor, Appalachian region being one. A single person winning six times would arouse suspicion What Thomas Frank does not realize, or is ignoring, is that it's still the 'elite' who create jobs, and antipathy towards them won't improve the situation for the millions who are without work. The reality is, without job creators, most people wold fail, as the success rate for entrepreneurship is very low. High IQ, probably. 'investor class' you realize that businesses don't spring out the ground like plants, right. typically, someone has to invest 12 pages = huge red flag. these type of proofs go into hundred + pages often a proof will hinge on a key conjecture, so the paper is named after the conjecture there's nothing funny about comic sans It probably will. I can see dropbox branching out into cloud hosting for websites. Web 2.0 valuations have been remarkably stable. 90% of the time, valuations either stay flat or keep rising. Off the top of my head, the only web 2.0 unicorn to flameout was Evernote. The rest have either retained their value or keep going up. I remember briefly using evernote in 2013 and finding it confusing, cumbersome, and pointless. I don't need this huge app to store notes. or $30,000 for private plane 'Gig/sharing jobs' are a way to circumvent the economic inefficiencies of minimum wages and regulation. If these gig jobs are so awful, workers can always look elsewhere, although good luck: on a 2011 national hiring day, McDonald's got 1 million applicants for only 50,000 job openings. Some gig workers make a lot of money - more than they would with a regular job. The competitive and meritocratic nature of gig jobs reward efficiency and productivity, and this benefits customers and the economy. Uber, Air BNB, Task Rabbit allow people to earn money when they may not have otherwise been able to . Aghhh not this again. This is pseudoscience/creationism marketed to scientists. It's impossible to flasify this, since any evidence for or against simulation can be a part of the simulation. better than java , otherwise it would be realllly slow. C and Assembly is at least fast excellent article . Instead of these people being coddled by delusional affirmations, as the author suggests, we need to make them aware of their limitations, and then devise strategies for these individuals to live to their full potential, is this a suprise The problem is the odds of such success are slim. There are too may apps, too many developers, not enough eyeballs. But good for him though, and very inspiring and informative. I think easier money can be made with buying deep in the money call options on 3x versions of the S&P 500 and the bond market, which is what I and my dad have been doing for awhile with success. Don't need coding skills or luck to make money with the S& 500 med school app? The tax system punishes people who make wealth quickly (windfalls) and have to pay at the highest bracket, versus individuals who earns the same amount of money but more slowly and pay at a lower bracket. The future of innovation is micro, not macro - genomics and biotechnology, apps and on-demand entertianment, miniaturization and nano technology, etc. The past always seems better than the present, probably we're not good at assessing our progress, but only retrospection can we. An interesting thought, but the author doesn't offer enough specifics . The 'experience stack' didn't make any sense to me. ..into a status box, add metadata such as your location and select from a hierarchy of emotions for how you feel He means list of emotions? Its not a hierarchy. This is why I don't read TechCrunch. The quality has really gone downhill. It just seems like a place to pitch the latest ephemeral start-up or app. Probably because there is way too much information. If you have 500 friends and you saw everything, your news feed would be like rush hour. The Churchill globe is enormous https://www.loc.gov/exhibits/churchill/interactive/_html/_it... I wonder why it weighs 700 pounds if it's hollow it seems like a lot until you realize it's 1/300 of Berkshire Hathaway and 1/550 of Apple SSRN - a repository for papers that are seldom read and probably of dubious quality Taleb has made a career out of distorting and misconstruing the opinions of experts and professionals, whether it's about statistics, option trading, or risk management. He has few is only unique insights. His trading strategies that he allegedly used to make a fortune no longer work. AMZN and GOOG would have been great investments and still are Unlike the 90s, It has never been easy to raise $, so this belief that companies are being showered with cash indiscriminately is wrong. Ycombinator is inundated with applications, for a modest amount of money at a fairly large chunk of equity, suggesting a market that has much more supply than demand. Many start-ups get much less than a million. What we're instead seeing is a flight to quality: the cream of the crop getting showered with cash but everything else fighting for scraps. I guess the hackers were running a dictionary attack and saw that 'eh' worked for all of them I know but it was founded in 1998 and survived. I started calling online advertising a bubble in 2008. His credibility got killed in my eyes after reading that. Predicting the same thing over and over to no avail is called being a broken clock. What he's really predicting is that the derivative will go negative. It's kinda unbecoming that this is the 'logic' that passes for a blog published by school that is supposed to be really elite and prestigious. agree. At some point you have to throw in the towel and admit being wrong firms dates and accountability. At least Nate Silver fessed up to being wrong about Trump. tldr: methodological flaws and conflicts of interest undermine supposed superiority of breakfast it's too complicated when there are simpler alternatives I have found arxiv to be a dead-end when publishing without affiliation. It's impossible to get feedback on papers, let alone the necessary endorsement to submit. That leaves SSRN as the only option. Arxiv requires you to email authors for endorsements which almost never works, since it's essentially spam. general relativity in more detail hmm...the singularity not the same as event horizon. The Schwarzschild radius of the earth is 9mm. The singularity is infinitely small my experience with bug bounties Me: here is a bug Them: it's a feature, not a bug [fixes feature] I thought she was worth $400 million, but liquidation preferences means she is possibly worth nothing that makes sense I wish I had more knowledge of the math behind it. Is it done by solving multiple partial differential equations using finite difference method? misleading title. what Andresssen said had nothing to do with valuations . so tired of click bait he's batting 1000 in life..not bad for someone who wrote a 'derivative copy of well known software idea'. Everything he has done has worked out perfectly, which reflects some luck but also genuine skill at understanding markets, trends, etc. Timed the Netscape exit perfectly got into the best start-ups early here is a list of some of them https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andreessen_Horowitz Facebook, Twitter, Skype, AirBNB are why it's so valuable. All you need are a few huge winners. The ones since 2012 don't seem so great though. Maybe too soon to tell It could also mean that the fraudster made enough money and decided to bail on the campaign and tear down all of their infrastructure. Tough to confirm either way. Or the ads simply did not generate a positive ROI. I have read that Facebook advertising (especially for US traffic) is very expensive and tends to not convert well. I often see people run Facebook ads for non-scammy purposes (for example three months ago James Altucher ran Facebook ads for his books, and those ads are gone) and then pull them down , presumably because the conversion is crud. No one ever pulls a successful advertising campaign because they 'made enough money'. Just more evidence America is still the best place to invest They must have gotten a TON of downloads..look at the sats: http://whos.amung.us/stats/pingjse3462 http://whos.amung.us/stats/pingjse346 Too many people want writing 'hacks' and 'tips', without understanding that writing is a market, which means that for writing to be read, it typically has to meet some sort of demand. Famous people can create their own markets, but unknowns have to latch onto existing ones. Long-form seems to be very popular online these days. Anyone can hammer out a 500-word essay, but a it takes a 5,000 word one to stand out. Long-form may be the best approach right now for writers hoping to gain visibility. Also, I think IQ plays a role, too. You need to be smart to make a career at writing (assuming you're not a celebrity), and few are sufficiently smart enough, sorry to say. The immediate problem with this result, upon first inspection, is that it's not unique to FLT. One can derive other integrals and inequalities that also yield tiny probabilities. I imagine the best solution is to stop using the Facebook news feed. There are better way to get information . I had no idea people still regularly check their Facebook Clickbait includes generalizations or provocations in the title like 'everyone thinks..' I see sites like Forbes, Fortune, Qz, Vox also incorporating these elements, and it's kinda annoying but I guess there is so much content online these days , that you need to tantalize people to make that all-important click. American Jews, East Indians, and East Asians excel at academics because they temporarily set aside their cultural differences and learn the correct English grammar and usage. Yeah, there is some ambiguity (such as who vs. whom) but it's nowhere near the same as AAVE. Is that really asking too much Amazing he was only 25, too. I assumed he was in his 30's or something Faster economic growth? Both may be desirable, but efforts to clean up the environment may conflict with faster economic growth. It doesn't have to be that way. https://www3.epa.gov/airtrends/images/y70_14.png But yeah there are tradeoffs Floyd Mayweather alone sells millions of tickets ..that's why he makes so much Success at mathematics requires staring at it until you can understand it, however long that takes but Wikipedia shows a huge table of values.it's just that we don't have a name or certain constructions for values above 12 IMHO there are certain tasks where the rule is more applicable, and others were it isn't. I think music and athleticism involve flow states and muscle memory, whereas math and writing tend to be more cognitively demanding and involve more structure and rules, and you either have the talent to do well or you don't, and such talent tends to manifest at a very early age. The 10000 hours is the amount of practice that allows an already talented person to possibly compete at the world-class. anecdotal evidence, sentimentalism, really small sample sizes (Beatles, Bill Gates -a sample size of TWO) After all, a message that gives hope to the dullards who buy his books that they too can covet the skills of geniuses with just enough practice, is an appealing one. http://greyenlightenment.com/the-iq-wars/ Upvoted. Its easy to forget, he is a journalist, albeit a very glorified one - not a scientist, although it's easy to see how he is often confused as one. Malcolm Gladwell: 'If my books appear oversimplified, then you shouldn't read them' https://www.theguardian.com/books/2013/sep/29/malcolm-gladwe... in other words, if you're smart enough to challenge my assumptions, don't read my books. maybe it skips a generation of it's recessive but there is no actual proven science behind the 10,000 hour 'rule'. It barely even qualifies as science, even without Gladwell's treatment of it It didn't read that way in Outliers, where he implied there was a linear relationship between practice and ability, without preconditions. When confronted, he had to offer a clarification clause that the rule only applied to those who already did 10,000 hours, but that thousands of more hours are needed. Suuure whatever you say, Gadwell. Isn't this an optimization problem that can be solved with computer to solve a high degree equation? amazing..so any service that sends an automated call to premium numbers can be exploited in this manner the risk I suppose would be getting caught. I'm sure quarterly fin. auditing would detect something abnormal after awhile 'Negotation' can be interpreted as exortion or blackmail. Bug bounties do not seem worth it unless there is no obvious way to make money or you have more to lose by exploting it than disclosing agree. vague article and sparse evidence and nobel laureates can't be wrong ? well but the author is a Nobel Prize winner and you're not ..so ...umm.. .counter evidence be damned Hmmm...let's see....Bay Area real estate has doubled since 2011, and has outpaced the S&P 500, even going back 30 years. So I guess all those people should feel like fools. As they say, 'location location location' , which Shiller ignores, in favor of the quote that fits his thesis, 'they can't make more land'. So tired of the generalizations and lazy thinking that passes for journalism these days, and even NYTs and Nobel Prize Winners are not immune If everyone becomes 'upper middle' then it's no longer middle. Statistically, there will always be a lower, a middle, and an upper quartile. TLDR version: For home prices, a good part of the answer comes from supply and demand. As prices rise, companies build more houses and the supply floods the market, keeping prices down. exactly, and this key point is ignored by Shiller Also, there are more options for homeowners who use leverage vs. stock traders who use leverage and are at the mercy of the awful brokers. For mortgages, payments can be deferred, etc. Businesses are where you get people the best benefits. Entrepreneurship has a 90-95% chance of failure...Bay Area homes have doubled since 2011..the choice seems obvious to me (provided you have enough money to buy a Bay Area home). Business make the world better than houses do. You're comparing apples an oranges here. Businesses very often lease real estate..guess who ends up making most of the money in that deal.. More expensive houses, to the point of unaffordable are the enemy. Where is the incentive to invest in urban development if there is no return. If a private equity firms wants to buy a bunch of blighted homes and improve them, why should they not profit from the land value? agree. home ownership is about creating wealth for yourself instead of making the landlord rich. There are many millennials who are living with their parents instead of pissing away money every month for rent, and then using the saved money from their job to buy a home, achieving financial independence. With renting, you're never are able to achieve independence, since you're constantly draining money, and the rate of rent, especially since 2011, has far, far exceed inflation. prices did go down in 2006-08, before rocketing higher in 2011-2015. There are many factors that bode well for Silicon Valley real estate - scarcity, floods of capital - both cognitive and financial -in the region. have you ever heard of supply and demand? There is no conspiracy to make homes expensive over the long run (>5 years) the data suggests buying is better than renting bernie madoff? I think he went to jail Just Google "arrested for ponzi fraud' ...tons of results. Alan Stanford..another one. High profile and wealthy are not immune to the long arm of justice. Martin Shkreli (pending)..Bernard Ebbers..Andrew Fastow ..many more If Denton secured money overseas, collecting will be hard also the 'left' has Soros, who has more power than Thiel... not a peep about that, too the use of civil courts is a libertarian value they probably calculated the valuation of Gawker and then added some extra. 'pain and suffering' 'damage to Hogan's brand and earning power' In some instances the judge will reduce it. This time they didn't. The next step, typically, is to get a job. Whether that will create meaning in life, hard to know. It's easy to dismiss or generalize millennials as lazy or entitled, and maybe some are, but we're on the same boat together - liberal and conservative, 'alt right' and 'rationalist-left'. To the girl with the Tumblr page and Instagram pictures, to the Trump supporter that reads Roosh V, it's authenticity and shared narratives - whether it's about social isolation and awkwardness, anxieties about growing up in a difficult economy, or how society neglects its smartest - that forge common ground among differing ideological tribes and people that otherwise would have nothing to do with each other. Category theory , among with algebraic geometry, is one of the most complicated concepts ever developed. Trying to extend it to a wide range of applications seems like overkill. Yes, technically you can use it, but it's like using an archaeology kit to dig a hole when a simple spade will do. but isn't abstract the same as complicated The reason seems obvious: diminishing marginal returns. I know I'm probably going to keep getting down-voted ,but if it's merely abstract and not complicated ,why is category theory considered a difficult course? They don't teach it in undergrad. Is it because it is poorly taught, or students don't like abstractions, or students are ill-prepared, etc. The question I'm digging at is what makes something hard to understand versus easy Put money in some sort of investment that exceeds inflation and then hibernates for 1000 years If history is so certain, there is something called the NYSE and there are many people happy to take the opposite side that bet. Here is how I would play it: if there is global upheaval, the US will still come out ahead, and yields on all duration treasury bonds will plunge to zero, so one can make money regardless of the outcome by going long America (S&P 500) and shorting Europe and emerging markets, while also going 'long' treasuries. Even if there is peace (which I think is still the mostly likely outcome) the S&P 500 should still outperform Europe (which is weakened by Brexit), and treasuries should do well too. agree. It's not that good of an article. What if the product really does need improvement. Kinda amazed this even got so many votes. it's going to be worth $1 trillion...the question is within this decade or longer like 30 years. People thought something would replace Microsoft...30 years later Windows and World still more dominant than ever agree. facebook, amazon, and google..three companies to rule the world. Investing in these stocks is like investing in the companies that are building the the matrix, unfolding in real life before our eyes. but it look like 30 years for Microsoft to become slightly less relevant . Microsoft business has evolved substantially beyond windows though. I don't use it either but a lot of people apparently do . It's like the iphone....never bought one but a lot of people have. yeah the Instagram buyout was a genius move...in retrospect the $1 billion was a bargain. Whatsapp keeps growing, although $18 billion still seems like a lot, but I think they will find a way to monetize it better. Facebook can't do wrong it seems. Like Google in 2005..and they keep doing better than ever too. yeah the search function is pretty bad I have noticed . It's hard to get relevant chronological results. They don't need more users...they are able to keep growing advertising revenue by filling more slots, finding new advertising venues such as Instagram, and through higher bids. So much for all those failed predictions in 2014 of amazon never being profitable, being a bubble, etc. Amazon's cash flows are very strong, they have huge growth, and market dominance..whats what matters. Amazon is the online version of Walmart but much bigger and much more potential...they are taking over retail, both online and offline...just amazing Amazon, Facebook , Google - three stocks to rule the world. They cannot do any wrong, and I don't mean that sarcastically. Buying these stocks is like investing in the companies that are building the matrix, but it's real life. It's just nuts..even Microsoft and Cisco in the 90's..the growth was finite, but there is no limit to Facebook, Google and Amazon. Every quarter is a crusher..over and over, year after year. Just when you think their growth is 'stalled out', something new comes along. Now it's mobile. The small mobile screen is perfect for advertising. Adsense ads are everywhere. Sometimes major brands try adsense alternatives but always go back because adsense pays the most and has the most advertisers. It bears repeating, always have back-ups of everything. Store a version on the 'cloud', on an external hd, and on the hard drive of your computer. maybe one of those 'ads' were underage or something Google is notoriously Orwellian and Kafkaesque in their TOS so I think he's out of luck. It would be a nice guesture if they just gave him back his data though. I don't think that's too much to ask seems like bug bounty blogs have become the new resumes for coders instead of just telling what you're good at, demonstrate it by finding bugs Leibniz's notation is useful for the chain rule and change of variables for parametric based equations probably going back to $600 soon ,these selloffs are always temporary a typical bank robbery is very small (around $3-5k) and the perp usually gets caught. bitcoin robberies tend to be much much bigger and nothing can be done. This is the perfect crime. IN a about a few months the heat will wear off and the thief or thieves can gradually convert the coins into cash or just store them in 1000s of wallets for later use The sensationalist media makes it seem like bank failures and collapse are a frequent occurrence. In reality, there have only been tow major financial crisis in the past 100 years (1929 and 2008). So while that does not prove there wont be another crisis, the odds are pretty long. kinda. the shareholders for many of these banks lost everything or close to everything, and the govt . took large stakes. It was not a shareholder bailout - rather it wa a capital infusion. We're moving closer to nationalization of parts of the fin. system that was a big deal but not quite catastrophic. the losses were S&L losses at $90 billion. these involved smaller 'thrift' banks It may drop briefly initially, but as we saw with Linked-in, Facebook, or Google, zillow, if the fundamentals are strong, prices will keep rising. No free lunch shorting these. the star isn't distorted or emitting x ray radiation in such a way as to suggest it's within close vicinity of a black hole . A black hole is too small to block light . I'm pretty sure scientits have rule that out more information https://disownedsky.blogspot.com/2016/02/tabbys-star-for-per... People have been saying this since 2009, yet the S&P 500 is up 250% since then. We need to put things in perspective. The reality is: The US has greater inflation-adjusted GDP growth than most of the world, including much of Europe, the Middle East, and South America, and Japan http://i.imgur.com/SBqFqtt.jpg Profits & earnings for tech companies, payment processing, retail, and consumer staples companies have far-outpaced GDP growth. A lot of the lag comes from the chronically weak financial, commodity, and energy sector. It's much harder to grow a large economy than a smaller one. There's diminishing returns to scale. It's harder to grow an economy at the same rate it was growing when it was 10x smaller. 2% real GDP growth, while slow, is still growth. Most people cannot perceive the difference between 2% growth and 7% growth. Real GDP is back to 2003 levels, and far fewer people were complaining about slow growth back then Slow growth doesn't preclude discovery and innovation, things like web 2.0, smart phones, apps, theoretical physics, mathematics, uber, self-driving cars, on-demand entertainment, etc. So while more growth may desirable, 'slow growth' isn't too much to lose sleep over. A lot of ppl have mentioned the UBI, but it's worth reminding that the effective income tax for the lowest 20-40% of earners is negative About 1 in 7 Americans has trouble getting enough food. but the obesity rate is actually higher among lower income earners As for job destruction, the jury is still out. It is generally accepted by economists that new technologies spawn jobs for all skill levels. not sure how a functioning economy can exist without consumption of some form. How did this get up-voted to the front page? Maybe this would have been good advice in 1997 but nowadays it certainly does not work. I have a site with perfectly optimized titles and urls and rankings still terrible... You need lots of links and domain authority to rank well...that's what it boils down to. That's why the NYT, Wikipedia, Forbes, and Fortune rank well for everything. I noticed that this is posted on the Stanford philosophy portal. Does anyone else think philosophy should be considered a STEM subject (or tangentially related)? The work of Godel, Turing, and Cantor blur the lines between philosophy and mathematics. I've also noticed an immense increase in interest mathematical-philosophy in the past few years, online especially. That's part of what makes the Nobel Prize interesting and unique. you technically only need a single paper to win it yeah I found it hard to get through and gave up after skimming through parts of it this clunker of a sentence stood out... Airbnb and Uber use these newly available cloud tools to force deep changes in a variety of incumbent businesses It's not that these writers incapable of writing succinctly ..I think there is a premium in academia on verbosity. I would like to see an attempt at an 'elementary' proof of the Ramanujan pi formulas This makes no sense...OTC stocks are almost never bigger than a billion dollars. This used to be at $28 in 2012, which meant is was still worth over $20 billion but the SEC didn;t notice then. No information about this company. not even a wiki page. I think the $35 billion may be a typo and it's only $35 million. There is something missing in the reporting. Maybe it traded at a penny and went to $55 ,maybe it wound be worth billions but it never got lower than $10 We can expand this to its partial derivative form, expanding vector components to leave us with only scalar variables. I don't understand the part where he expands the navier stokes equations to the matrix form. Can some explain how he gets to that step reading this makes me want to buy one Flagged. this site seems to be an agreegator that is intended to generate adsense ad revenue , not original content For example, the article on the sidebar about the 'dying man' was copied from Reddit and elsewhere https://www.google.fr/#q=Powerful+Advice+From+a+Dying+Man We should try to link to original sources, not aggregation sites. Facebook bought the photo-sharing app for $1 billion in 2012, the firm said it made $78 million on a $250,000 investment. damn....and had Instagram not sold to facebook it would probably be worth $1-1.5 billion So I guess the VCs who invested in Facebook and Google early on must feel pretty poor because it's only 'paper'. Most of these bets are 'binary' - if they succeed, there will more than enough liqudity to go around; if they fail, it's just a small part of the portfolio I wonder what the limits to airplane size are? Would it be possible to make a version that seats thousands of passengers that seems to happen a lot. probably because not everyone who reads HN is online at once There are so many misconceptions about pay 'Altheltes' and 'actors' are not homogeneous. Most actors and pre-pro athletes make significantly less than their pro counterparts. Pro athlete pay, with the exception of top stars, is not as lucrative as it may seem. Careers tend to be short due to injuries and other factors, so while athlete may earn a lot when they play, they may only play a few years. A solid 6-figure job that pays for many decades will earn more moeny in the end. The pension for pro athletes is not that great either. And then there are the injuries , which the leagues tend to do a poor job of covering. Many players struggle with expenses due to heath issues but also poor money management and short careers. Firefighters and teachers may not make much salary (at least compared to a pro athlete) but their careers are much longer and they get very good pensions. You just have to put things in perceptive. exactly. pediatric neurosurgeons for example make a lot. same for oncologists , and unlike athletes they have long careers google should: de-index pages that have paywalls apply penalties to pages that have those annoying 'welcome' screens (forbes.com). The penalty wouln;'t be substantial, but instead would rank the page lower than similar content that does not have annoying welcome screen. flag it On question is: why? The examples in differential geometry can be difficult and time-consuming , unlike simple calculus, and are best done with computer, not by hand. A single tensor, as found in general relativity, may have dozens of components...writing them out would be taxing. My question is, what do want to do with this knowledge. There is value in learning complicated, abstract math to signal intellect and thus become more popular online, and maybe get consulting work. But in terms to practical applications, a lot of it is done by software programmed by large teams (not just one person), although learning the rules is always helpful. If you want to be a professional researcher who makes original findings in pure mathematics, it will presumably require full dedication, and one can't be both a quant trader and pure researcher at the same time (even someone as smart as James Simmons, founder of Renaissance Capital, was forced to choose between one or the other; he chose the former). It seems as of late ,especially since 2013, there is huge demand for learning complicated mathematics, coding, and trading algorithms. It's like the AP-math class of high school, but as of 2013 expanded to include almost everyone, not just a dozen students lol. This recent obsession with math and finance is described in more detail in . People observe, read headlines about high-IQ founders, venture capitalists, and coders making tons of money in Web 2.0 (Uber, Pinterest, Snaphat, Dropbox, etc.); STEM people getting tons of prestige, status, and global notoriety for their finding (Arxiv physics and math papers frequently go viral); and how the economy, especially as of 2008, rewards intellectualism and STEM in terms of higher wages and surging asset prices (like stocks (the S&P 500 has nearly tripled since the 2009 bottom), web 2.0 valuations (Snapchat is worth $15 billion, on its way to $50 billion), and real estate (Palo Also home prices have doubled since 2011)), and, understandably, many people want a piece of the wealth pie. They see that intellect - which includes STEM, finance, and also quantitative finance - is the path to both riches and social status (as embodied by wealthy geniuses like Musk, Thiel, Zuckerberg, Shkreli), which is why there is so much interest in these technical, difficult subjects, unlike decades ago when only a handful of people were interested. But another question is: Does algorithmic trading work? I don't know for sure, but I think a lot money is made in market making (Citadel Capital comes to mind), which tends to full under the umbrella of algorithmic trading - the two are closely related. And the math in involved has much less to do with differential geometry and number theory and more to to do with statistics and linear algebra (such as analyzing correlations between data). This involves a lot of trading and paying constant attention to order books - it's a full time job. I don't think it's as glamorous as many think it is, and I'm not sure if the returns are worth the effort. There are simpler methods, based on mathematics such as the ETF decay, that an also generate very good returns and don't require full-time trading. Here is one http://greyenlightenment.com/post-2008-wealth-creation-guide... One problem is understanding the notation, as sometimes steps are omitted. I remember one time spending 10 minutes trying to figure out what an author meant, only to learn later he was using something called a 'total derivative'. this means that variables like x,y are actually functions of time . Having a professional simply explain it instead of having to infer the meaning from the author would save a lot of time sounds like you been reading gladwell books lol Finding "gifted" children does not contradict this. Nobody pops out of the womb a math genius. Yes, technically no one pops out knowing trig or calculus, but some are born with the cognitive capacity, which later manifests in life, to readily master abstract and complicated stuff, and others aren't born with that ability so they struggle to understand concepts that smart people grasp easily. Although ability can be lopsided (some are better at math than verbal), the less intelligent tend to have no dominant strengths - they are just average. And that's fine. Most people are that way. Gifted children are "gifted" with a laser focus on the unusual things that they find fun - math, music, what-have-you. They spend countless hours playing with numbers or with music, while little Johnny is playing with a ball. Why don't adults play with paste, coloring books, and alphabet letters? Because they are too mentally mature for those activities. Likewise, high-IQ children have a higher mental age, hence they find these tasks tedious and boring, as adults do. Anyway, point is, when people point to "gifted" talent, this is just another cop-out. They don't have an explanation. They are appealing to everybody's shared sense of magical outcomes. But it boils down to the hours that kids put into their interests. Well, there's something called an IQ score, and it does a pretty good job at predicting all sorts of things, such as socioeconomic outcomes, job performance, educational attainment, welfare dependency, and learning ability. The IQ test is one of great achievements of human psychology, is much harder to manipulate than EQ tests, and scores tend to remain stable throughout life. I think you qualify as a genius. The technical definition of 'genius' is someone with a high-IQ (usually above 140), although the definition has since been modified to mean someone who accomplishes something of significant creative merit. That's why you need to invest in index funds (ideally the S&P 500 or Nasdaq 100), high-IQ companies - specifically Google Amazon and Facebook- or use the inverse ETF decay strategy that makes 20-40 percent a year. Buying in-the-money call options using 3-1 leverage on Google, Amazon, and Facebook has returned 200% since 2013 vs. 30% for S&P 500. The motivation behind this strategy is that average-IQ people can make good money piggybacking off the creative contributions of America's smartest .1%. Facebook, Amazon, and Google stock will keep rising, as part of this trend, allowing average people to profit by joining the ride. But existential problems are harder to solve than money ones, and even the smartest are faced with them (hence philosophy as a subject). the idea is that more resources are needed to nurture top talent, instead of these smart people being neglected. Cognitive capital is like any resource, and it should not go to waste. a STEM PHD is anything but 'easy' - it requires an original contribution of research, for one , and it must be defended and published The backtest of the strategy I developed risks $10k to make $100k since 2013. It attains maximum drawdown if all three stocks (AMZN FB GOOG ) fall 30% because 3-1 leverage is used. But since it's an option strategy, you don't risk more than the $10k invested. Yeah there is risk, but GOOG AMZN and FB have a combined market cap of about 1 trillion. It could be modified to be more diverse but returns are less. The sharpe ratio fr the strategy (which is a way of quantifying risk vs. returns) is 2 vs .80 for the S&P 500 in that period. This strategy could be a good way for someone with a small amount of money to make quick returns and then later move to a more conservative strategy. the problem may have been the low ceiling of the test. For certain tests, getting a single question wrong may drop the IQ from 140 (possible maximum) to 135. Verbal questions can also be a challenge if you don't know obscure vocabulary words. looks like this whole thing is a scheme to promote his webhsting affiliate link: http://www.knownhost.com/affiliate/idevaffiliate.php?id=1136... The fastest and most reliable hosting is, by far, based on my own experience is amazon's e2 cloud and S3 bucket services. the whole thing was obv. created with the intent to promote his affiliate link (1) it equates achievement with intelligence The two are positively correlated, as the article mentions . The super-intelligent are more likely to achieve success as measured by creative output ,wages, educational attainment, publishing paper, and social status (2) it does not actually seem to tell you how to "raise a genius" The article is about how to not waste talent once it has been identified People hate you if you are academically gifted. It's much easier to pretend to be a dullard Maybe it was that way decades ago but not anymore. Unlike earlier decades and generation, with the rise of technology and an economy that rewards STEM jobs, post-2009 or so culture seems to prize intelligence. the SAT is useful because it is strongly correlated with IQ and is administered for millions of children, creating a very large sample to work with if you have the original font, blurring can be defeated . always better to just black out text that you don;t want to to be seen ...you may have logged in from a blacklisted IP address It's like Google, their job is to make as much $ from advertising as possible and they are doing a damn good job at it through the news feed but also Instagram. They don't need to innovate that much, as they don't much in the way of competition beyond maybe Snapchat. It's a money-making machine. All they need to do is make small tweaks here and there. In a probably inevitable extension of nerd culture, the Dale Carnegie image of gregarious success was shattered by stories of powerful, successful people sitting quietly in meetings and substituting controlled online interactions for draining real world encounters. This part stuck out . Outside of social situations, economically speaking it seems like the introverts are in control of most of society. It is a good trade-off between making a lot of money and being successful as measured by prestige, vs. being extroverted and less successful? I think so. You backorder the domain. If we get it and you are the only bidder, you pay $99 and the domain is yours. lol then why bother paying $99. just pick it up from any registrar for $9 after it drops it also drops considering his 'business' is selling a ridiculously expensive domain back ordering service yeah but this can be done for much less and if the domain is actually worth anything (it has backlinks, age, and traffic) you will pay for more than $99 since you will be competing with many other bidders. This is a huge industry and you're competing with Russians , eastern Europeans and others who scan for domains thousands of times a minute and check them for rankings and other factors...Very seldom does a good domain drop unnoticed, unlike years ago before this industry took off. Either you pay too much for a worthless domain in or you pay the full price in auction. It seems like we're def. in the 'era of the introvert'...more an more people are writing about being introverted, describing their experiences, to much approval. Decades ago, it seemed like extroverts were in control, but now that has flipped, and factors such the information/knowledge-based economy and intellectualism culture may be to blame. but that won't happen because companies will still have to disclose financials, and companies with poor fundamentals will be shorted by arbitragers. The pricing mechanism can never go away completely this company is like citadel, which is that their main business is market making and non-directional trades. They dont pick directional investments, as most investors do. rather they are in the middle picking up pennies, except many billions of them. But these returns may be exaggerated or there is information missing...20% a year far exceeds the rate capital is being created by the global economy. At that rate, it would eventually own the world and all markets. I think their actual returns, assuming the fund still trades (its operations are very opaque) are much less...maybe 5-6% year. The bigger a fund gets, the more impact its trades have on markets, which limits its size This is good advice. Despite the financial crisis of 2008, the S&P 500 is still up 80% since 2005 after dividends I'm skeptical this persuasion stuff works http://greyenlightenment.com/behavioral-psychology-and-influ... people are always looking for shortcuts and life hacks to get what they want, and I wish it were that easy agree. people hate being 'sold' tired of sensationalist headlines. The are only talking about one company, Seed fund Backstage Capital , but the headline makes it seems like it's a much more widespread occurrence. Most companies would do anything to get backing by Thiel I know it's a little late but I'n entitled to a refund. or Nintendo should release a patch. lol It's amazing how there is such a huge fan base for old games and technologies. Not to take this too off topic but this may be why fears of technological unemployment may be overblown, because there will always be uses for old technology or integrating new technology with old technology. https://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/files/2014/10/... Hmmm but it doesn't look so bad when you consider that 67% of poor college grads are at least 50-percentile in wealth, vs 49% of rich high school dropouts. I'm sure is even better when you compare poor high school dropouts vs. poor college graduates, which is why a college degree may still be worth the money and the best pathway out of poverty, especially if you major in a high ROI field like STEM. but then why are many assertive, pompous people successful, but that I don't think that describes Stallman though. He seems pretty down to earth I always get a laugh reading his site... he has a lot of rules .. I think that his 'religion' that he imposes on himself advantages: no snooping, no deletions , no annoying lockouts if your IP changes, no adds, much less confusing the layout, much better spam filtering, looks more professional, better customer service disadvantages: monthly or yearly fee, possible downtime issues, more work to set it up what are the odds plaintiffs will get anything? traditional forums still exist the problem with reddit is that there is too much news, outrage, and hype there. imho the problem is more to do with boredom and unfulfillment than isolation how so? Aren't there bloggers who make money from their blogs? yeah that's why you need caching . for wordpress posts that are static there is no need to keep fetching from the database Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin confront a stark choice: begin another nuclear-arms race or reduce the threat of nuclear war. it would seem like the latter considering how close the two seem to be ironically reading such a long article seemed like a poor use of my own time , so I skimmed it Policy makers have a habit of underestimating the intelligence and savvy of young people. Millennials, who grew up on Amazon and data visualizations, want the facts and to decide based on the preponderance of evidence, not be swayed by gimmicks, threats, and toys. I think it's more controversial to suggest the opposite: that mental ability is innate agree. the news is a waste of time http://greyenlightenment.com/why-the-news-is-still-mostly-po... Some say the 'only constant is change'. It's actually the opposite: things seldom change, with the exception of a few blips here and there(such as 911 and the 2008 financial crisis). As further evidence of how things tend to remain constant more often than not, the post-2009 bull market and economic expansion is the longest ever despite the endless predictions of recession and crisis. Same for failed predictions of hyperinflation and dollar collapse. Web 2.0 valuations still keep rising long after pundits in 2012 said it was a bubble. There's still war and terror in the Middle East despite trillion of dollars thrown at the problem Self-improvement is more important than worrying about things outside of your control or that have little impact on your life. Neither the Republicans nor the Democrats are going to throw you a lifeline. That you have to do on your own, such as by investing your income in stocks or real estate and being frugal. Philosophy is useful for study because it helps us organize our thought processes and reasoning, with a rigor that one wouldn't otherwise hold themselves to. This is probably why philosophy majors are sought for employment, because the degree signals good critical thinking skills. wow...even though I don't agree with with the politics, the article is exceptionally well written and captures the complexity of Kareem's personality and life with as much richness as if I were there myself. Read the whole thing in one sitting without getting distracted, that's how good it was. yeah...somewhat misleading title...it was a $100k opportunity cost, not a $100k legal fee Heard so many bad things about best buy and geek squad over the years. Amazed they are still in business. a lead-selling business? isn't that just like going through a phone book or other public directory and just pulling the names out? buying leads seems like a waste of money, although I could be wrong The problem with trying to create something is once you begin to work hard at it, you realize that you're not very good and others have done it far better than you. I have notice this a lot with math.I will work on a problem and then a Google search later reveals that the problem is not only completely solved but in a way that is far better than I could have ever conceived. Another problem is when you run out of ideas or if the creative endeavor doesn't produce sufficient results. Creativity and execution is really hard, that I'll grant. yeah it's not the type of depression David Foster Wallace wrote about Looks like data mining by the author to skim though 5 years of data and extrapolate a single inference from it. Just because something seems like something doesn't mean its important or significant or predictive of anything. only about 1500 suerentinarians are thought to have been documented in history, most of whom were women. being male is really rare..maybe only a hundred total out off 50 billion people who have ever lived... “Luckily, the freedom offered by the Internet offers a chance to resurrect the idea of writing for love, not money,” waxes Rahim. “So far online self-publishing has been the preserve of fan fiction and erotica but it can’t be long before high-quality fiction starts to emerge.” In two thousand years, we have not strayed far from Pindar’s long-ago complaint: “Men used to write for love alone; now they write for money.” Yeah but they are not mutually exclusive. You cannot write for money if your quality is total crap, because no one will pay you a respectable amount of money (and I'm not counting o-desk where you get paid $1 for 500 words). wont stop the rest of your face from being bloodied it's hard to tell if it's satire or not. Ironically, he should have just put the $ in Facebook, bitcoin, google, Amazon stock, make 2x+ his money and then just given the original $ back to the investors. speaks volumes about their hubris Twitter's tendency to ban and censor is either part of the problem or a sign of desperation. Either way, not good. payment and shopping integration and processing, higher quality video, expanded broadcasting, long-form content (a year ago Twitter said there were going to try longer character limits but I don't know what happened to that) Twitter fills a niche.. it's not growing, but a pretty big one nonetheless. It's like classmates.com yahoo.com and other sites that are large, stagnant, but exist anyway because they fill a niche, have good advertising revenue, and have a lot of users. but Twitter's bans tend to be quick and capricious and possibly automated, verses an agonizing PR decision This is good advice, but I've seen huge successes by authors and article writers who violate these rules (the recent trend of long literary fiction such as 'City on Fire', which is 900 pages). Nowadays, the trend is towards longer, 'epic' fiction with post-modern themes, whereas in Vonnegut's day (along with Heinlein, Asimov etc.) 'short' was better. Up until as recently as the 90's, 'short' was ideal, but all that changed. Look at Harry Potter and other popular books...all very long. It also deepens on the audience and the purpose...if you're trying to convey technical information , fluff is undesirable the problem is hedge funds are already on his twitter like white on rice. Maybe there is hope in looking for breaking news from less-followed accounts. This is something I hear a lot, but the evidence of collapse and disintegration, imho, doesn't really bear itself out. Rather then there being more unrest, social media and the media is amplifying unrest wherever it offers, whereas in the past , generations ago, such unrest would have gone unreported http://greyenlightenment.com/why-isnt-there-more-civil-unres... When WW2 ended, America, Britain, an Russia were on top...Britain's position has fallen, but China and Japan are now 2 and 3 but America is still solidly #1. As shown by Pinker, the evidence since WW2 suggests more peace (the Long Peace)and less conflict, not more. Trump's rise to power is more symbolic of national angst than in terms of substantive change in policy. I predict there will be some disappointment by former Trump voters who think that Trump is going to be this huge reformer. I have never read it but want to. I wonder what the title means? It sounds sinister I read that diets can make things worse by altering metabolism . Metabolism slows when on a diet, but when the diet is over metabolism remains slow, so it becomes very easy to regain the weight and then some. Ask any fifth-grader what the angles of a triangle add up to, and she’ll say: ‘180 degrees’. That isn’t true on a hyperbolic surface. Ask our fifth-grader what’s the circumference of a circle and she’ll say: ‘2π times the radius’. I don't remember learning plane geometry in 5th grade. Maybe times have changed I have been long FB stock since the IPO and have also made a lot of money, but also agree he has maybe too much power. Zuck was the first to make social networking work, by getting rid of all the stuff that made earlier networks fail, and also adding new features. I think the charity is just a tax shelter though..that's what I read , but could be wrong Being the US president is something that only 30 or so people in the past 240 years have done , so that does say a lot. Being president of the US would boost visibility of Facebook, possibly change legislation in his favor, etc. Why does he invoke hated but the late Walt Disney (which Disneyland is just as memorable) does not. People will vote for him because he's pragmatic, similar to Gore and Clinton . The nominee of either side gets at least 45% of the vote , so it comes down to undecideds have we reached 'peak car' 'peak operating system' yet or 'peak computer'? I think Facebook is going to be with us for a very long time and will continue to thrive. Yeah, the comments and posts suck sometimes (I don't use it) but hundreds of millions are addicted to it. Facebook is so big it can just buy anything that competes with it ,but Whats App may be too big being long Facebook stock since the IPO, I take the opposite side of that bet . Facebook will be a bigger company even if it's slightly different. It's so huge and ubiquitous. It's not anything that can simply be a 'fad'. It's like a new medium of consciousness or fundamental integration with the world. The internet 10 years from now probably will not be too much different (the browser will continue to take over the desktop). The thing is, everyone says it's a 'fad' yet look at Twitter and Facebook--a decade later and still going strong. There is something about web 2.0 that makes it immune to the boom and bust cycle that beset web 1.0 companies (like Myspace, Aol, Yahoo, etc). Everyone seems to be using it..and the mobile rich media makes it ideal for advertisers, who pay a lot for those ads Some migrated from Myspace and other networks, but Facebook was able to capture the invaluable older demographic who had never used social networking before and are less inclined to switch. Facebook was able revolutionize communication much in the same way the car did for transportation. meant snapchat is too big These days we often identify as rationalists, skeptics, or atheists, interested in cognition and cognitive biases; Does he not mean empiricist instead of rationalist? Rationalism means, mentally, rationalizing something as true, which tie in with religiosity. more likely congress will stonewall him than impeach Real estate is one of the best ways to make long-term wealth. Homes in many regions of California have increased 3-4x since 1996. Unless you bought at a really bad time (2005-2007) almost anyone who holds real estate comes out ahead in 10 years vs. renting. Renting is a really lousy deal in the long-run and as possibly the short-run due to the very high deposits required on some properties, which lock the renter for very long periods and the rent increase always exceeds inflation. Avoid foreign real estate though unless you are very careful agree. Also the media tends to sensationalize anything bad that involves AirBNB and also Uber, but ignores problems that occur with hotels and taxis. Housing is a service, and landlords, who provide this service, take principal risk as well as pay for maintenance, taxes, and other costs. Why should those who provide such a service, such as housing, not earn rent for their efforts and risk? Developers buy properties in bad neighborhoods in the hope of improving and renting them, but without profit, where is the incentive to invest? It's a two sided-equation: for services to exist, there must be an incentive for the other side to provide said service, and that incentive is profit. Regular apartment rentals often lock renters for multi-month contracts (due to difficulty, length, and expense of the eviction process, in which landlords lose money during the lengthy eviction process, when a renter rents for a single month and does not leave after not paying); air BNB, although it's more expensive per night, doesn't have such long time commitments for renters. Yahoo has been useless to me and others for years. It's just a holding company for Ali Baba, that also has an email service and a Japanese website. assuming you buy the home outright, the returns can be boosted by renting it-or-on the money you saved by not renting. If you put all your $ in stocks, you still need somewhere to live. Tired of these 'how I learned XYZ really fast' stories. I think all it shows it that extremely high-IQ people can learn things really fast. It def. seems unlikely to be able to learn advanced math and physics so quickly unless you have an IQ of 160+ or something, in which case why in the 21st century America with modern schooling and education, why would someone with such a high IQ enter college not knowing 6th grade math. I'm not a teacher, but aren't there clues of profound giftedness that manifest early in life? EDIT: she was homeschooled, which explains it...more info https://www.susanjfowler.com/blog/2016/8/15/20-unconventiona... Obv. profoundly smart The question is, is her almost overnight success reproducible by other smart people. Let's say you know calculus and linear algebra, QM is doable, I suppose. But still...mind blown. Even Ed Witten with a physicist for a dad still took 4-5 years to learn the stuff. her IQ could literally be one in a billion rarity her story which explains how https://www.susanjfowler.com/blog/2016/8/15/20-unconventiona... scored very high on verbal part of ACT and got scholarships it's odd how her blog posts from 2013 have amazon aff links in them ..but I think her story is real, its just that her iq is astronomically high. John Moffat, the inventor of the theory of Modified Gravity, went from learning calculus to general relativity in a year, and this was in the 50's, so there was no internet to help him. I would be curious to see a study of people with average IQs, to see if they can learn very advanced math and physics concepts, with large monetary rewards for successful completion. An offer of $100k to learn General Relativity may entice someone with only an IQ of only 90-100 to be so motivated as to learn it and understand it. The large monetary reward is an important component, because people won't be motivated to something unless it's worth their time. If it's successful, the learning techniques could be applied to the general population. It's not your fault...her IQ is probably one in 100 million ...it's called winning the genetic powerball. Like why is Ed Witten so smart at math and physics? His brain is wired that way to understand those concepts very easily relative to the amount of effort required. If we break down IQ into verbal and math components, some people have very high verbal IQ and only average math; some both. Learning QED and general relativity is often unobtainable even for people who are 'good at math'. agree. A human lifespan is 80 years, but society makes the first 18 count the most, neglecting or overlooking the rest “Fred visited Bob after his graduation” such a sentence could be ambiguous because it's not obvious who graduated. Some may argue it's bob It's possibly related to the fact his fund is bearish on the stock market, which as been a losing proposition for the past 8 years. Maybe he is short Tesla. Tesla as well as the bull market keeps defying the odds. Optimism pays. i think so ..I think it's hubris ..I stopped listening to most 'experts' long ago.. People who lose money shorting Tesla are losing their shirts for the same reason as those who shorted Amazon: cash flow + growth matters more than profitability, PE ratios, or EPS. Tesla's car business is cash flow positive but the quarterly losses are due to infrastructure investments. This is how finance can be more subtle than meets the eye. Tesla's car business is very profitable: Tesla also reported an automotive gross margin excluding SBC and ZEV credit (non-GAAP), of 22.2% in the quarter, up from 19.7% a year ago, but down from 25.0% in Q3... huge growth: Looking at the future, Tesla said it expects to deliver 47,000 to 50,000 Model S and Model X vehicles combined in the first half of 2017, representing vehicle delivery growth of 61% to 71% compared with the same period last year. reinvesting operating profits into investments: The company also expects to invest between $2 billion and $2.5 billion in capex ahead of the start of Model 3 production and continues "to focus on capital efficiency while also investing in battery cell, pack and energy storage production at Gigafactory 1. It also forecast that both Model 3 and solar roof launches are on track for the second half of the year. This company is firing (no pun intended) on all cylinders Bitcoin is surging because it's a globally accepted store of value and means of commerce, and the fixed quantity prevents devaluation. Unlike gold, all transactions can be done remotely and confidentially, an there are no storage cost, eliminating all the problems that are associated with storing large quantities of gold. IMHO, all dips will continue to be bought and the price will keep rising...$4,000/coin is possible...been long since 2013, so I am biased in that regard, but there are real fundamentals here too. Foreign currencies have lost anywhere from 30%to 99% of their value against the US dollar since 2013. Beginning around 2002 and ending around 2011, many foreign governments carelessly amassed substantial infrastructure debts that now they are struggling to pay off (due to economic weakness for these foreign economies and the surging US dollar), creating a cycle of inflation and currency depreciation, making Bitcoin more attractive to own for people and businesses in these countries. Bitcoin is rising because citizens and businesses have lost faith in the competence of their governments, and rightfully so. America is an exception in that it's well-managed and strong economically and fiscally (especially relative to these foreign economies), which explains the flight to the US dollar, and also Bitcoin. For example, in 2013, depositors at Cyrus' largest bank lost 48% of their savings above 100,0000 Euros: NICOSIA, Cyprus (AP) — Depositors at bailed-out Cyprus' largest bank will lose 47.5% of their savings exceeding 100,000 euros ($132,000), the government said Monday. The figure comes four months after Cyprus agreed on a 23 billion-euro ($30.5 billion) rescue package with its euro partners and the International Monetary Fund. In exchange for a 10 billion euro loan, deposits worth more than the insured limit of 100,000 euros at the Bank of Cyprus and smaller lender Laiki were raided in a so-called bail-in to prop up the country's teetering banking sector. http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/business/2013/07/29/bank... A second factor may be the rise of global authoritarianism, unrest, and unease, reducing confidence in keeping money in banks, and assets that face geopolitical risk...Bitcoin, because it's decentralized, is immune to geopolitical risk. As long as you have your wallet, you have your wealth. interest paid on US debt relative to GDP is at multi-decade lows https://blogs-images.forbes.com/larahoffmans/files/2013/01/f... The US dollar is unique because it's the world's benchmark of wealth. The Forbes 400 list is benchmarked in dollars, not Yen or Euros. The US dollar is not only a reserve currency, but everything (such has oil, gold, etc.) is denominated in US dollars, not Euros, Francs, Pounds, or Yen. This allows the US to persistently run trade deficits without hurting its 'wealth', unlike other countries that wold lose wealth in the form of high inflation and currency depreciation if they did the same. This makes the debt clock almost meaningless, and had someone in 2000 sold short US treasuries in anticipation of high inflation, they would have lost their shirt despite the national debt surging since then. were gonna start seeing a lot of 'most expensive' soon due to opportunity cost loss etfs own the underlying stock. if the ETF bitcoins are lost or stolen, the ETF is worth zero. stocks cannot just vanissh like bitcoins can A much more insidious spam but very common are fly-by-night 'news' sites that copy paste content from reputable sources and then get up-voted to the top of popular subreddits, generating adsense revenue for the webmasters. Adsense is such a pox on the internet. I know companies need to make money but it also gives rise to soooo much spam. Reddit has a lot of features to stop vote spam..they implemented an overhaul in late 2015 I know. Until then, newly made accounts could affect rankings..now they don't. . Mods are also pretty good at deleting spam, unless they are being paid off. The mods of major subs have enormous power, so it would not surprise me if this is going on still look at her twitter before and after this scandal broke..now it's hugely popular...before it only had http://www.pnas.org/content/114/5/E727.full.pdf This seems small enough that genomic technology in the not-s-distant future could reverse it Marx predicted that...hundred forty years ago. Hasn't happened. History suggests revolts occur when basic needs are unmet, usually after a nation falls into debt and ruin as a consequence of war Kenya is very cheap, as opposed to a UBI trial in America, which would be far more expensive the subtlety is 'of', not 'is', which changes the meaning. Agree it's kinda a poorly written headline It would seem like 'going to work' is becoming a thing of the past, at least for increasingly many people. Labor force participation at multi-decade lows. Gig jobs, welfare, disability, prolonged education, social security/retirement, and the 'underground economy' is replacing a significant chunk of the traditional job market. Theirs is cutthroat hyper-capitalism—in which wages are shrinking, median household income continues to drop, workers are fired without warning, two-thirds are living paycheck to paycheck and employees are being classified as “independent contractors” without any labor protections at all. But many businesses are also struggling . By some estimates, this is this harshest environment ever for small business. Employees are being squeezed but so is small business (except web 2.0 and stuff like that), which is another component of capitalism blown away by how much he knows ..I think he could beat Watson in Jeopardy ironic .the status update doomed by its own downtime Bought some shares this morning. With 30-40% profit margin and huge growth, imho this will go higher. People have been predicting bubble and collapse since 2012...stopped clock theory Once in the dear dead days beyond recall, an out-of-town visitor was being shown the wonders of the New York financial district. When the party arrived at the Battery, one of his guides indicated some handsome ships riding at anchor. He said, “Look, those are the bankers’ and brokers’ yachts.” “Where are the customers’ yachts?” asked the naïve visitor. I bought Air Jordans. Where is my multi-million dollar NBA contract? I bought golf clubs...why am I not as rich as Tiger Woods? That is literally the same logic. Brokers provide a service to clients by managing money. Some do a better job than others. Whether or not such services are worth the fees is a matter of debate though. But expecting the recipients of a service to be as wealthy as whoever is providing them is unrealistic. margin interest is very high though sigh..take bubble predictions with salt (people are really bad at predicting this stuff) http://greyenlightenment.com/crying-wolf-holding-the-pundits... You also have to take into account for the fact the Canadian dollar has fallen 25% to the Greenback since 2013 I'm guessing that investment is now up 100% minimum..I wish I could have invested too when it was only worth $3 billion. The question is, how far down the chain is a disclosure necessary? It seems like calling out conflicts of interest is a way to discredit someone or something without having to actually create an argument against it. Vox was launched in early 2014 and has seen blistering traffic growth since. Given that they were able to grow so rapidly in an already saturated news media environment dominated by Washington Post, Time, CNN, WSJ, and New York Times, suggests they are doing something right. Going though the comments, it seems like few agree with the the article, yet it has been up-voted to the front page. I guess the people who are voting are different from those who are commenting. People who like the article are less inclined to comment, but rather vote. often 'brilliance' is conferred upon by peers, not by absolute merit. Nobel Prize is mostly luck...many others are equally smart and talented but only a handful of people can win. Using awards and public adulation as criteria for intelligence and brilliance is insufficient. Their business operations are cash flow positive (such as we see with Amazon) but they want to raise more money for capital investments such as to expand. 5 have https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Fall_survivors it went up 1000% without the ETF...suggesting anticpation of the ETF only played a minimal role..I would be a dip buyer here imho it stabilizes and goes back to 1200. It surged from 2011-2014 without the ETF...Bitcoin is seen as a safe haven against global destabilization. A lot of money on the sidelines looking for a buying opportunity that has come safer than many foreign currencies, which have lost 30-99% of their value relative to the USD since 2013 This is the same committee that approved VXX and UVXX ,which have lost 99.999% of their value There is an OTC fund that holds Bitcoin...but at a large premium to NAV it's much more liieky a country will default or fal ito chaos (5 countries nearly did in 2011 during the European debt crisis) than the internet suddenly ceasing to exist or being broken up. In 2013, depositors in Bank of Greece lost 50% of their deposits above $100k, overnight, by decree. Not saying Bitcoin is perfect, but the alternatives are often not better. You are overgeneralizing. Far more people have made money in the rally, such as myself, than there are billionaires in the world. Yeah, maybe it's only the upper-middle class and above who benefit the most, but that is still a lot of people. There is no optimal point at which to sell...there is no evidence the market exhibits any sort of path dependency whereby selling could consistently yield an optimal outcome. Going as far back as the inception of the S&P 500, it has returned 9% a year (including the dividends)...when plotted logarithmicaly, it appeals like an almost strait line. yup... the past 8 year have bee a great time to own assets..stocks, web 2.0, expensive real estate , bitcoin...everything keeps going up the fracking boom and the emerging market decline in early 2014 seemed to arrest oil's assent..but yeah...not everything. consider selling put options ...get paid to wait you have it backwards. high interest rates makes cash more appealing vs. stocks (although inflation and interest rates are not the same thing) Gladwell did a bait and switch, in his book first ignoring the role of talent, and then when pressed for more details, clarifying that the 10,000 hour rule applies to those who already have talent but then practiced 10,00 hours to hone such talent. http://greyenlightenment.com/malcolm-gladwell-bait-and-switc... I think the amended version of '10,000 hours' is closer to being correct, and probably not the one the public wants to hear. Ericsson's research isn't much better either though. His sample size was very small and his research was never replicated. As the 'how I taught myself physics in one year' thread showed, it's pretty obvious innate talent exists and can allow people to attain mastery of very complicated concepts in far less than 10,000 hours. Not sure it is a cruel myth...more like wishful thinking that can have unintended consequences by mismanaging resources (such as having low-IQ kids in prestigious schools, in the hope that environment will overcome a cognitive deficit)...if it were so cruel, it would not have taken the world by storm...'10,000 hours' succeeds as a meme because it tells people what they want to believe, that with enough practice, anyone can covet the skills of genius. It's not so much that people want to become world-class musicians or top physicists, but rather that they have the potential to become those things if they want to, by practicing enough. The second reason we should not pretend we are endowed with the same abilities is that doing so perpetuates the myth that is at the root of much inaction in society — the myth that people can help themselves to the same degree if they just try hard enough. You're not a heart surgeon? That's your fault for not working hard enough in school! You didn't make it as a concert pianist? You must not have wanted it that badly. But the problem is, telling someone who aspires to be doctor or some other high-IQ profession that they shouldn't try, because they aren't smart enough, may also seem cruel, so we settle on what we perceive to be lesser of two cruelties. Still, there is no talent, ask any great programmer, musician, illustrator or whatever, every single one of them will say he/she was shitty, but loved it, so kept doing it. This doesn't completely discards the possibility of genetic disposition to liking something, but undeniably everyone starts on even ground. Yes, technically, no one is born knowing trig or calculus, but the people with genetic gifts make the transition from 'shitty' to 'good' much faster than those without such endowments, all else being equal. An elementary school environment where all children come from similar backgrounds and are young enough that 1000's of hours of practice is impossible, teachers can readily identify the gifted from the average--the gifted tend to know so much more and learn so much faster than everyone else (in the classroom environment, where parenting cannot be a factor), and it cannot possibly be explained by parenting or practice, because these children are so young and otherwise are very homogeneous. This is because gifted children learn with fewer repetitions (due to superior working memory and or other factors), which is key. Posting on a social news site is a privilege, not a right. I've had stuff removed from Reddit and a few from Hacker News that got flagged after going on the front page...I've had stories on Reddit that got many upvotes and still removed just as it was going viral because the mods didn't like it...it's just the way it goes. It def. can seem unfair at times. No question about it. It's probably a combination of flagging and other factors. Obvious the mods aren't going to want to make their algos transparent. Flagging removes story completely but perhaps mods have the power to bump a story off the page but without flagging it. depends how much you have to start with and other factors I think that's the last of the billionaire Rockefellers hedge funds...more fees for less performance barons of a century ago weren't as good at managing money as today's tech elite are...the Rockefeller fortune was split up too much what's wrong with having conviction to want to make the world better, provided the means ones uses to attain such a goal are ethical. SEO does not work that well anymore, unless your budget, I suppose, is absolutely astronomical and you spend years and millions of dollars to build a brand http://greyenlightenment.com/seo-is-a-waste-of-time-and-mone... Even though SEO does not work well, my advice is don't buy links from link brokers...they won't work, and such services are almost always a scam. The websites selling the links have inflated/useless metrics... Hiring an SEO agency also not worth it, unless you have millions of dollars. Any mid tier SEO service is almost is guaranteed to be a scam. They will bill you $2,000/month for links they buy for $200 that you can buy yourself. Buying links off forums worked well in 2005-2007 before Google cracked down and removed the pagerank metrics. Zillow can spend millions buying links to rank for all the real estate and mortgage keywords, because they have a blank check. Few have that privilege. In 2005-2007 SEO was much easier..now all those techniques no longer work well. The problem is google changed their algos to discount links from many sites (such as Reddit and elsewhere); second, they have put much more emphasis on domain-niche authority. That means, if you write a viral article about daytrading and it gets shared and voted thousands of time on a social media sites, it may temporarily get a good SEO boost for those competitive keywords, but then slide back to page 8 or so. A the old, established daytrading sites established news websites will outrank, due to authority. more money to be made pitching how-to guides than actually doing it For every Google or Facebook, tons of failures It has to at least track inflation, which varies between 2-4% a year, so yes they can go up 'forever' but some people truly are imposers, although they may not realize it ...dunning kruger effect does't mean he keeps $15 million every year The problem is that YouTube goes after much smaller people, as well, quite frequently, often for arbitrary or small reasons, and resolving such content disputes is Kafkaesque, taking weeks. Often someone (usually a competitor) will flag a video and then YouTube will pull it and suspend the account or put a restriction on the length of videos (often a 15 minute length restriction for flagged accounts), citing 'copyright infringement', which is a favorite boilerplate explanation, even though nothing was actually infringed upon and no DCMA report was made. If could be trivial as a ringtone or a 10-second clip of some music on a TV in the background, or a midi file from a video game made 25 years ago. I suspect management quitting has to do more with options being deep in the money and no longer having a financial incentive to stay with the company, more than Uber actually being in much trouble. Sounds like more alarmism. Uber has gotten a lot of bad press over the past few months but the business itself is doing fine. and #4: become the CEO of arguably the most successful and fastest growing company in history, very early It's much easier to beat the 'writer's block' when there's a large,captive audience for your work. I'm taking more about motivation and perseverance..imho, it's easier to keep producing writing/music/etc if you know there will be a market for it. I would be more inclined to find something new to say if I had 10,000 people waiting to consume it than if I only had 10 or so. But it doesn't mean the quality will be as good as earlier work.