> but gecko was also around before KHTML. Actually, KHTML pre-dates even Gecko, given that it descended from the "KDE HTML Widget" KHTMLW. Even in 1997 this library was being developed (example email: http://marc.info/?l=kde-devel&m=88665877914652&w=3 ) By 2002 or whenever Gecko was more widely used than KHTML but that doesn't really matter because it was harder to integrate into Apple's code. Apple even had to go so far as to write a KDE/Qt wrapper layer (KWQ IIRC) and it was still less work than integrating/fixing Gecko. As another example, the lead Safari dev, David Hyatt is famous for (among other things) co-starting the Firefox project (called Phoenix at the time) so it is a very large stretch to claim that Apple simply ignored the better choice. Hyatt would have to go way out of his comfort zone to adopt something other than Gecko, and the fact that he did so anyways should say something... > If I'm not mistaken they're not general purpose computers. If they were what would be the point? Why not use a math coprocessor? They are not general-purpose, but that doesn't mean they're not easily re-programmable either. Consider the example of GPUs. I want to say some SNES games used a DSP chip, there are several known to emulator authors, including two versions that used the exact same hardware with different microcode (and therefore different abilities). So it's been done before at least. > However, spinning it off (as some are suggesting in the comment thread) has major difficulties. In particular, since buying Trolltech, Nokia has LGPLed Qt. That seems to me to drastically change the situation for prospective commercial licensing, as companies can ship commercial, proprietary products with Qt without paying licensing fees. How would Trolltech 2.0 make money? The business model would have to be different, that much is true. But where does the funding come from now for GTK+ for instance? Or the Linux kernel? There are enough Qt-using companies out there that maintaining and improving Qt should not be an issue if it is divested from Nokia. The concern would be making sure there is a neutral platform for the companies that contribute. As a KDE developer myself, I have to admit to being very disappointed by the very first section regarding the development of the StatusNotifier specification. Dave complains that there was no problem statement, points out a quote relating to D-Bus, and somehow still entirely misses the point even after claiming to have read through the threads relating to the proposed spec. The problem statement is easy : Have a way of separating notification items and applications, such that the notification item is part of the desktop and not part of the application. In other words, XEmbed sucks as a way to have notification items in a system tray. Anyone who has ever used e.g. GAIM in a KDE 3.5 desktop with a pixmap background knows exactly what I'm talking about, as GAIM's icon would show up as an ugly box with an icon inside, while the KDE application's would have a notification item with a properly transparent icon drawn. Claiming that the entire idea was merely to hook up notifications into D-Bus is so far afield that it mystifies me completely, and claiming that no one has ever had issues because of this is patently false. In fact, the VERY EMAIL [1] that Dave quotes has an actual problem statement directly before it: In the past few months in KDE we worked on a new way to represent the systemtray icons to overcome the following limitations: -lack of communication between the systemtray area and the items, that mean we don't know about their status, their importance of if they are being used or not -the xembed process is quite slow and doesn't give control to the systray on the paining -it's not possible to have more than one systray (useful in multi monitor setups) I know this because I actually bothered to use GTK+ and GNOME software even with my KDE desktop, but now I wonder if Dave has ever tried the opposite. I also was passively watching the threads as they happened back in the day, and stating that there was disagreement due simply to lack of a problem statement would be flatly false. Dave then goes on to accuse Aaron Seigo and Marco Martin of being obstinate in their positions by that point, which simply does not mesh at all with my memory of things. For instance, A GNOME Panel hacker named Frederic Peters mentioned that it would be nice to be able to merge launchers with notification icons [2], an idea that was warmly received, not thrown out [3]. In addition, given that the implementation changed several times during just the KDE implementation period, there would have been no major problems with even incompatible changes to fix problems. For instance Aaron Seigo in reply to Dan Winship recommending a different way to send notification signals over D-Bus mentioned: "yes, this is a nice idea for limiting the bus traffic. would require an incompatible change to the spec, but it is doable." [4] I'll read the rest of the article, but if this is the kind of "uncontroversial" fact stating that's going to be going on then I'll probably just unsubscribe from the xdg list and get on with my KDE developing life... [1] http://lists.freedesktop.org/archives/xdg/2009-September/011... [2] http://lists.freedesktop.org/archives/xdg/2009-September/011... [3] http://lists.freedesktop.org/archives/xdg/2009-September/011... [4] http://lists.freedesktop.org/archives/xdg/2010-January/01122... True, although in fairness it's a fairly weak beta emitter. The 100,000 picocuries of Potassium-40 your body has emits betas that are about 120 times more energetic, or sometimes emits gamma rays instead. Probably better to not get exposed to tritium all other things being equal but you would receive more damage from radioactivity IMO inhaling someone's cigarette smoke. I suppose this depends on exactly how much tritium is present in the steam that was vented. The original engineer also left out the many other radionuclides that are created that don't break down instantly, but his points about filtering most contaminants out before they are vented, and their destination of the vast Pacific Ocean is right on target. Tritium betas are about 0.005 MeV, not 1.000, and can penetrate only 6mm of air. The only real threat from tritium is ingestion where you don't have air or dead skin layer to block them, but even then they would have to be present in vast, vast quantities to receive appreciable dose from them. Nuclear energy is actually the safest form of energy generation we have (in terms of "deaths per gigawatt-hour"), although wind and hydro energy is approximately the same. This is as presented by the ExternE project financed by the "EU Commission". " http://manhaz.cyf.gov.pl/manhaz/strona_konferencja_EAE-2001/... - Polenp~1.pdf" > He claims that TMI showed that there is no risk of nuclear fuel melting through the steel containment structure. But at TMI, the core was actively cooled through the entire incident, and the temperatures were not even high enough to melt the fuel itself. Actually, about 1/3 to 1/2 of the Three Mile Island core melted completely (i.e. far worse than mere zirconium cladding damage). This was because the Three Mile Island core was not continuously cooled. There were a couple of elements to this: 1. In normal operation, the primary system is kept highly pressurized to ensure that the primary coolant does not boil. The way this is done, however, is to use something called a pressurizer, which does have a steam bubble, for much the same reason cars use shock absorbers. When the steam flow was cut off to the turbine generators, that acted as a loss of the heat sink that had been cooling the reactor, which caused pressure to go up. When pressure got too high, a relief valve in the pressurizer automatically lifted to relieve the pressure increase and maintain primary piping integrity. The valve was supposed to automatically shut once the pressure dropped enough, but did not. The indication that the operators had showed that the valve had been commanded to shut, but did not show that the valve had not actually shut. The location of the leak tended to artificially increase water level in the pressurizer by essentially "sucking" it from the reactor vessel (the operators had no indication of reactor vessel water level, since it was normally completely full of liquid). This loss of water from the reactor meant that it uncovered the fuel much quicker than might otherwise be expected. The operators had other ways of telling something was wrong (such as the sharp pressure drop from a stuck open relief valve) but did not put the puzzle together. They even did worse: Automatic safety systems kicked on to force-fill the reactor with cooling water, but the operators were afraid the system would overflow the entire primary (remember, they thought there was still water in the reactor vessel), so they dampened the flow, then shut off the system completely. 2. As steam started forming in the reactor vessel, the coolant loop piping connecting the reactor vessel to the reactor cooling pumps started to fill with steam, which caused the reactor cooling pumps to cavitate (which is certainly not good for the pumps). The operators had indication of this, but assumed the cavitation was due to the pressure drop and, again thinking the core was still covered with water, they shut down the reactor cooling pumps. This represented the loss of the last line of defense against reactor meltdown. It was not until some hours later when a different shift relieved that it was realized that a relief valve was stuck open and that there was no water over the fuel. They started re-established cooling at this point, but the damage was already done. > Conflicting information keeps coming out about possible worst case scenarios (and their relative likelihoods) with the nuclear reactors. There is only one worst-case scenario, so although I very much agree that the information coming out of Tokyo Electric Power Co. and the Japanese national government is inconsistent, that doesn't mean new "worst-case" scenarios become possible. IMHO the worst-case scenario is fuel melting through the reactor pressure vessel, through the thick steel containment which was not damaged in the hydrogen explosion, and through the bottom of the concrete containment (the top of which was damaged), and then from there into the environment. The worst-case plausible scenario from what I can tell (which again, has been true from the moment they lost cooling systems for decay heat removal) is fuel melting to the bottom of the reactor vessel, possibly breaching the primary boundary but getting trapped by the steel containment, with possible further release of gaseous radioactivity. I say this because cooling the fuel if it is outside the primary but inside the steel containment is much easier than cooling the fuel inside the primary: you must merely submerge the steel containment in seawater (which would boil away as it heats up), but this time you don't have to worry about pumping to high pressures. The fuel was transfer its heat across the steel containment to the seawater. As long as the steel containment is intact (as was true last I heard, but refer to my earlier point about TEPCO) then there would be no additional release of radioactive contamination from this. If there are air leaks in the containment that would be worse, but a portable radiation monitoring device would quickly identify such areas so they can be quickly patched or covered to at least keep contamination from spreading. So, I also disagree with "unimaginably bad". Unimaginably bad might be something like coal slurry breaking through its retention walls and killing all aquatic life in a nearby river for hundreds of miles (as actually happened in Kentucky in 2000 IIRC). At my last check all three reactors that had been operating at Fukushima-Daiichi have probably had fuel damage, which means that any steam they vent from the plant will contain radioactive contamination. So, definitely bad. Unfortunately I can't seem to find to many numbers for activity concentration (how frequently the radionuclides are actually decaying) or for dose rate (a measure of biological damage per unit time). A Guardian article mentions 680 microsievert per hour to the northwest of the site, which would be 68 millirem/hour, which is a value that is actually fairly high, but far below levels that would lead to immediate health risk. For a point of comparison, there are (inhabited ;) spots in the world (Ramsar, Iran) where you would receive 70 millirem/day, every day, which is far above what a trained radiation worker would be permitted to receive and yet still appears to have little (if any) effect on the local population. Of course any unnecessary exposure is unacceptable! But I also wouldn't come close to calling it "unimaginably bad", except in regards to the economic cost to TEPCO and the substantial loss of generating capacity (which as you mention, can have a substantial economic impact). Well the batteries are exactly the "electric backup" that was mentioned, although you're also right in that it was never designed to solve the entire casualty, only to last long enough to get other sources of power online. > i.e. 100 miles away they measured 0.2 mSv/h which, if we assume a r-squared dependency. You can't assume an r-squared dependency, as the radiation they were measuring came from the radioactive steam that had drifted out to sea (i.e. the "airborne radioactivity"). It was not from the Fukushima-Daiichi site directly (after all, there's many different radiation monitoring stations nearby that have much better indications of general area radiation levels). In fact you proved yourself wrong! If being a mile away from the reactor gave you 2 Sv/hour, and no one lives past 7 Sv, that's only 3.5 hours anyone could survive, and there have been workers at the site for days now. > Repeatedly we've seen commentators and outside observers saying "this can be no Chernobyl because...". Yes, because this can't be a Chernobyl. I do understand that you don't exactly have time to train yourself on the ins and outs of nuclear energy. But if you're really interested in the topic, Wikipedia actually has good articles on Chernobyl and the Chernobyl disaster, including a lot of information on the design flaws that were present in the Chernobyl design, flaws which are not inherent to either nuclear plant design in general, or the Fukushima boiling water reactors in particular. > But the situation at Fukushima-Daiichi is still very dynamic and many questions remain. I agree. But that does not mean that any disaster conceivable is in the set of possible outcomes of the casualty. Although I know it may not seem like it, especially with all the confusing and contradictory information being put out, but what has occurred up to this point has occurred almost like clockwork from the initial conditions leading up to the casualty and the actions taken (and unable to be taken) thereafter. A full nuclear fuel meltdown has been the final disaster since the start. The bad things that have happened since then have taken TEPCO progressively closer to that stage but as I said before, it's not like there's a multitude of different paths for the casualty to go down. > These cores still have a lot of energy left to dissipate and thus each still seems to have a life of its own. Yes, but the response is completely predictable . Everything that has gone and is currently going on (as far as the nuclear core response goes) is due just to the laws of nature. Decay heat is a well-understood concept (it is, after all, why so many redundant systems were part of the design in the first place), and the decay heat itself depends fully on things which can be figured out before shutdown, such as average power level, operating time, etc. It's not like some nuclear fuels have randomly different heat generation profiles and the Fukushima plant happened to pick up the super-reactive uranium. The only variable so far has been how much cooling could they provide? So far it hasn't been enough, but that hasn't changed the underlying phenomena, and the worst case is completely predictable (i.e. no cooling could be provided whatsoever under any circumstances). This is not like the weather where the phenomenon interact in such a chaotic way that it's effectively unpredictable: Decay heat production is easy to predict (to at least a general approximation) and even the decay of that residual decay heat over time is predictable. Even the hydrogen production from steam-zirconium reaction is a well-known and predictable effect, even during the time of Three Mile Island. The hydrogen explosions themselves were unpredictable, but even they were unsurprising. If this is all surprising to you because it's the first you've been exposed to nuclear theory then don't feel bad, but that doesn't make what's happening at the Fukushima-Daiichi plants at all unpredictable or chaotic, or for that matter, philosophical. > During most of the TMI accident the core was being actively cooled. Steam is not a coolant, which is why I went into so much detail on my first point. In fact steam has such atrocious heat conduction properties compared to water that you'll find many nuclear engineers refer to "steam blankets". So if the coolant pumps were running or not is essentially immaterial if the coolant flowing over the fuel plates is itself steam. I only said the coolant pumps were the last line of defense. They are required, but not sufficient. Now these are better questions. :) As far as hydrogen goes, the building itself was not designed to be the containment (instead there's a hefty steel containment around the reactor and primary piping from what I understand), so I don't think they bothered trying to make the building resistant to explosion from the inside (since they didn't have to). It would still be better to have the building in place, but I think the answer is as simple as it wasn't necessary for the meltdown casualty analysis. I'm not sure if the Mk I and II containments contain a core catcher or not. Modern designs do from what I understand, but I would imagine the Mk I does not. Perhaps the Mk II does. The Three Mile Island core suffered much greater fuel melting and still didn't make it past the reactor vessel, but a lot of that depends on core geometry as melting progresses, and the TMI reactor vessel was much stronger than the Fukushima plants since TMI was a pressurized-water reactor. On the other hand, the Fukushima designs have the steel containment that would catch any core leakage out of the primary initially and as long as they have seawater available they can keep the steel containment intact, and without having to send that seawater into a high-pressure system. I'm not sure what they mean by damage to the suppression pool. The suppression pool is a torus of water that steam from the primary system is ducted to when pressure relief valves lift, which acts to condense the steam and help with filtering some of the radioactive contamination to keep it from going airborne. Doing this heats up the suppression pool, which will itself boil eventually. I assume this is what they meant when they talked about venting the containment (as opposed to the reactor or primary). Anyways, if the suppression pool is damaged I assume that means there is a leak of the water inside of it, which would leak to the bottom of the steel containment. Without water in the suppression pool any venting of the reactor would not be immediately condensed, and would cause higher levels of airborne radioactivity inside the containment building for Unit 2 (intact AFAIK). This would not affect the ability of venting the reactor to lower pressure though, which is important for allowing water to be forced into the coolant system. Anyways, some of my IRC buddies have clued me more into a blast at Unit 2's suppression pool? I'll try to read up on that. Until then: According to http://rushi-langaliya.blogspot.com/2011/01/boiling-water-re... control rods are inserted into the core from the bottom. I'm not certain of BWR design but obviously if all the metal is melted then the control rod could fall out (this was actually a concern with Chernobyl which used metals with very low melting points to hold up control rods). I will say the plant I was on had about 5 different ways to keep control rods in position whether there was power or not so I'd be very surprised if the control rods weren't latched in place now at the very least. But I don't know for sure, don't want to tell you otherwise. * I don't know what their control rods are made out of, but the good assuming is that control rods melt after fuel does. That actually means the fuel would melt down away from the control rods before lumping up. If there is coolant there, the fuel shouldn't melt further. If there is no coolant, the nuclear chain reaction can't go critical again since the fuel is not enriched enough (the coolant actually also helps aid the neutron chain reaction). I can't speak to reactor protection analysis for BWR to that level of detail, but again I'd be very surprised if that's something that wasn't considered at some point between the 1960's and the last couple of years. If they had considered it and concluded there was a risk of re-criticality they would have taken measures to preclude it. That might be why they're already using boric acid for instance. As far as plutonium, it has a fairly long half-life, which means it's not very radioactive. With that said it is an alpha-emitter so it is very important that it is not inhaled. As long as it's not inhaled it's not a large concern from there radiologically. As with any other heavy metal though, it is highly dangerous chemically. Hopefully better information gets put out at the press conference. Man, wtf happened at Unit 2? I keep repeating the NHK broadcast and I'm not sure whether the suppression pool itself suffered damage and not the reactor vessel, or both, or what. They mentioned radiation going up right after the explosion, which could indicate a reactor vessel or other primary piping rupture, but could also just be from trapped radioactive contamination in the suppression pool being thrown out by the explosion. Either way it's important to make sure they don't allow the concrete building shell to get damaged at Unit 2 if they want to avoid further airborne release. > > There is only one worst-case scenario, so although I very much agree that the information coming out of Tokyo Electric Power Co. and the Japanese national government is inconsistent, that doesn't mean new "worst-case" scenarios become possible. Well my opinion as to the worst-case scenario was wrong: http://www.nytimes.com/2011/03/15/world/asia/15fuel.html?_r=... To be clear, the spent fuel facility at the shutdown and de-fueled Unit 4 reactor has ended up catching fire, and now they are measuring radiation levels on the site on the scale of 400 mSv/hr and 100 mSv/hr (yes, millisievert). The headline is misleading IMO: Simply tallying up numbers of problems noted by a regulatory agency is useless from the perspective of judging safety. Remember when Microsoft tried to make Firefox look like a buggy piece of shit by simply noting how many open bugs they had in their Bugzilla? The real problem from the article that is worrying (if true) is that the NRC is not always able to properly enforce compliance with their policies even when issues become known. > Never refer to a Dr. as Mr./Mrs./Ms. It just isn't done. In fairness to Prof. Clark, it's not like he was pointing out that faux pas to someone who didn't know of his position. Jeff Atwood by this point would be well aware of Prof. Clark's qualifications. I'm not going to say that Jeff deliberately downgraded Prof. Clark's title in his reply (as opposed to the entirely possible "I just call everyone Mr./Ms.") but given Joel Spolsky's comment elsewhere in this thread about "being nice" (note: direct quote! ;) I'm feeling some cognitive dissonance here. > The Stack Exchange community places a rather high value on "being nice." It's an important part of our values and we think it makes the Internet a better place. OK. That's a fair viewpoint, also espoused by many open source communities for instance. > A lot of the Math Stack Exchange users came from Usenet's sci.math where epic flame wars were the norm. This, on the other hand, is kind of misleading. Is there some other threads elsewhere with material from Prof. Clark that is of the "epic flame war" variety? I ask this because I read Akhil Mathew's post in its entirety and even if you claim that Prof. Clark was not nice in his mentions regarding Jeff Atwood (a claim I highly disagree with by the way), his comments were in no way flame war material. So unless he's actually done this elsewhere, why even mention epic flame wars in association as it does nothing but confuse the issue. > That community has a few members who do not consider "being nice" a requirement of public discussion, so naturally, conflict ensued when Jeff removed non-nice things (as is the norm in the larger Stack Exchange community), I have to ask: Is referencing a person's own quotes in support of a valid position suddenly "not nice". This quite honestly reeks of removing comments that only Jeff Atwood (and perhaps yourself ;) finds personally offending. I understand from the thread that there is apparently some history between Jeff Atwood and Prof. Clark -- I still don't think that justifies the response given in this case. > thus violating the "all public debate is sacred and must never be censored" norm of a small subset of that community. I doubt that this is literally an actual community tenet even with professional mathematicians. The fact that they apparently permit citing relevant facts to support a point of their does not imply that they feel all public debate is sacred and non-censorable. Akhil Mathew quite clearly elucidated his position in my opinion, and I do not see where he claimed that Prof. Clark's comments should stand merely because they were debate. It seemed to me that he felt the comments should stand because they were constructive in nature. > I think that the high norm for civilized discourse on Stack Exchange is one reason that it has such a high signal to noise ratio Civilized discourse is certainly good for S/N -- but this is not uncivilized discourse from Prof. Clark by any reasonable definition! > and it's why the mathematicians are on our site to begin with. I'm sure the network effect of having other very high-quality associated sites with stable working backend software had nothing to do with that. ;) > There was never any question of "censorship" -- the entire brouhaha took place in the META site, the site ABOUT the site... nobody deleted any comments about math on the Math site itself. I hate to say this, but this is disingenuous. If you prevent someone from talking constructively about the site then you are censoring him. Sure you may not be censoring him from the main site, but let's not split hairs here. As an aside I operate in a few communities that enforce a conduct policy... Prof. Clark's comments that were deleted would have been well within the bounds of decorum on any of those communities. You may want to ensure that your Stack Exchange values are being consistently enforced to avoid the appearance of impropriety, as the policies seem to be quite severe to me given the actions here. Usenet is not the only community that uses '>' for quotes. I wasn't aware that Reddit or open-source mailing lists were so unusual, but I can certainly claim no lineage with Usenet. I will, however, take that assumption as a compliment of the highest order, even if it involved no ingenuity on my part. As an aside, I'm just going to assume that this is a counterexample to the "be nice" policy that is in effect for Stack Exchange-affiliated sites? Or is this rather another "founder exception" to the rules? > And yet many on meta.math also felt they were distinctly unconstructive, to the point of overt rudeness -- including the most highly upvoted answer to that question. You say to-may-to, I say to-mah-to. I cannot disagree in the slightest with the idea that the politics and squabbling inherent to academia can be vicious and/or intense. I certainly do not think /this/ was an example of such however. Like I said earlier I understand there is some backstory I'm not seeing here -- perhaps this was just the very minor straw that broke the camel's back. If that's the case I think it would be a lot more understandable to people if that were clearly stated. Or, let me ask it another way: What would be the constructive way to ask whether high professional mathematician participation should be expected at a conference sponsored in part by someone who finds mathematicians exasperating and shows disdain for mathematics? Before you answer: I read the post that Prof. Clark linked to trying to demonstrate your self-expressed "disdain", and I read only that you felt you were terrible at math, not that you didn't like it. Pointing that out would have been much easier than deleting the comment I think, or pointing out that specific mis-interpretation as an example of non-politeness would have proved your point, but I didn't see you doing either. > And yet many on meta.math also felt they were distinctly unconstructive, to the point of overt rudeness -- including the most highly upvoted answer to that question. You say to-may-to, I say to-mah-to. You made me go back and check. You neglected to mention that the "deletion of the comments was questionable", which was the very next part of the highest-rated answer's comment. I suspect it was highest-rated because it is the answer pleading for compromise, but either way very near in the voting is an answer explicitly stating that Prof. Clark's comments were constructive and non ad hominem, and close behind is a comment from Prof. Clark himself. I don't see how trying to point to numbers on meta.math actually helps your case here, Jeff. > They knew about the meltdowns and the leakages all along, but choose to deny it until months later. I don't know about leakage, but they've been very clear that the fuel had melted down for a very long time now, at least since after that first week. The only question has been how substantial has the fuel damage been, and now at least for Unit 1 we know the answer. > I fear for my friends' lives in Japan. Because their government is weak and useless and saving face. Independent monitoring should be used, but if you're really worried why don't you ask your friends to take actions assuming that there is plutonium and uranium all over the place (e.g. air masks outside, frequent washing of vehicles/hands/outerwear)? I hate to say this but it's not like knowing exactly how much radioactivity is out there would change the actions they should take too much one way or the other: wash that shit off, don't eat foods/liquids that are contaminated. Plus, you really shouldn't ask for merely plutonium/uranium, as if radioactive Strontium or Cesium that the government is reporting figures for are that much better -- they're also nuclides of concern, so if you don't trust the government then you should also push for independent monitoring of those radionuclides. It wouldn't leave a vacuum, as the air on the outside of the fan would rush in to replace it. I think the point is that (if this works), the boundary layer itself will also be moving instead of sitting there stagnant. So put her friends on trial then. I really though society in general grew out of punishing related persons for the crimes of others.... That was done in response to the fallout from 9/11, where it was demonstrated that there was very little inter-agency cooperation, especially in sharing information about terrorism/terrorists. It was a calculated decision to greatly increase information sharing between government agencies (including the military) to allow for better cooperation. Macs don't outnumber embedded devices though. Like Miguel de Icaza would ever recommend a KDE application. ;) Sure, but doing so is practically harder even than itemizing your taxes. It's not like you can just PayPal the money over right when you make the purchase. So... the military, just as the commenter you replied to already noted? I'm actually kind of surprised about how many people are not aware of the suicide concern. But then, I worked for a couple of years at a large training site where suicide awareness was a Very Big Deal so perhaps I'm just suffering from transference. The symptoms displayed by Mark here are very similar to some kind of "classic" pre-suicidal actions (i.e. "putting his affairs in order") so I can definitely see why suicide would be a concern among his friends. Except that how else is he supposed to prove that it works other than actually demonstrating it with a real app on the real App Store? No, it's still be going slow. The very short story is "Lenz's Law" (IIRC), but basically this of it like this: top | |N |S | As the south pole falls down, it induces currents in the part of the pipe below it which tend to form a south pole to inhibit the movement (a north pole is also formed, above the south pole which also adds to the effect) As the north pole falls down, it also induces currents, in the part of the pipe above , which tends to form a south pole above it and a north pole below it, and both of those effects act to retard the acceleration of the magnet. Perhaps easiest to visualize as: s s N n | n n | n S s s where the lowercase letters are the poles in the piping formed from the eddy currents as the magnet falls. Have any Wikileaks supporters been accused of any crimes? In the meatspace, if a suspected or known criminal was always hanging out in a certain small corporate office with only a few people then they might wiretap the whole building, even though the other workers are not necessarily involved. From there they might be able to subpeona the personnel records for that small group of employees even though neither the corporation nor the "extracurricular" group those workers are involved with are even charged with any wrongdoing, based just on the personal wrongdoing of one of those workers and that one's association with the others in his building. That doesn't mean there's no shenanigans going on here (I haven't looked at the article yet) but Wikileaks being formally accused of a crime is not compulsory to getting individual subpeonas in general. > Why? It's not by the definition of wrong of those Iranians. Where does that objective standard come from? That's a large debate on its own (read up on John Stuart Mill for instance) but essentially you're arguing for a philosophy called relativism, the end of which is that there's nothing objectively right... On the other hand that would mean that the U.S. is justified in however they treat Iran, since they're nothing objectively wrong either. Sometimes you really can't have your cake and eat too. Except that in this case Mega Conspiracy (the company behind MegaUpload) is being held liable for their own behavior. I'm used to Reddit being ill-informed but I was not expecting to see this attitude being so prevalent on HN! Just in the comment thread for this post I've seen assertions that the U.S. avoided extradition treaties (untrue) and that MegaUpload was shut down just because of what their users were doing (also untrue). Just as an example of things from the indictment (which you should really at least read a summary of): * MegaConspiracy employees were discussing a way to avoid reposts of child porn by killing any video with a matching md5sum of movies which were deemed by MegaConspiracy to be child porn, but did not employ that same tactic for files uploaded that infringed copyright. Now you and I know that it's trivial to make the md5sum change without making the video look any different, but why does MegaConspiracy 'try harder' for some categories of illegal material and not others that just conveniently happen to make them more money? * MegaConspiracy seeded their own website with videos copied straight from YouTube (thing wget --mirror) without so much as bothering to verify the license of those videos. This wouldn't be acceptable with open source software, why should this be acceptable for Mega Upload? * MegaConspiracy distributed known infringing videos internally to staff (so it's not "just the users" doing it) * MegaConspiracy rewarded uploaders monetarily for uploading popular videos despite the lack of authorization on the part of those users to redistribute the video (so it's not "just the users" asking for it) So while I certainly appreciate that the movie/music industry are hopelessly out-of-tune with digital distribution, that doesn't make MegaConspiracy a bunch of good guys, and it doesn't make their behavior defensible. > For you 1st point: because in most jurisdiction CP is absolutely forbidden and typically you are not protected if you don't proactively act to eradicate CP on your service with reasonable dilligence, whereas an upload of a film might or might not be problematic, given that it can be for private use or public distribution. That's not at all the point though. It would be one thing if MegaConspiracy had a policy to only "full ban" videos that were targets of DMCA-complaints if it was clear to them that the content was actually infringing. Then they'd have a plethora of excuses (e.g. no time to sort through all the DMCA requests, "investigations" revealed it was unclear material was infringing, etc.) Instead what the judge and jury will see is that MegaConspiracy had a "permaban video" tool which they didn't even attempt to use. > For the third point [MegaConspiracy distributing infringing material internally] who are you kidding. Technically this is problematic. Well, this is the best kind of "technically", given that it's exactly what they're being accused of! If the grand jury was as sympathetic to that as you think then why did they hand down the indictment? Either way it's not very hypocritical given that some naïve users might be able to claim ignorance of the progeny of videos from the Internet, but MegaConspiracy went out of their way to establish DMCA protocol so they have no excuse for ignorance of the "safe harbor" provisions at all. > And now here is Megaupload being completely destroyed — its website shuttered, its assets seized, ongoing business rendered impossible — based solely on the unproven accusation of Piracy. It was proven to a grand jury -- that's why they (and not the government) handed down an indictment. The treatment is actually similar to what would happen to the brick-and-mortar assets of an indicted meth distributor. Normally when a grand jury hands down an indictment then business functions that aid the alleged criminal activity also get shuttered. See http://www.nwitimes.com/news/local/lake/hammond/feds-e-c-com... for instance. I would recommend reading the actual executive order: http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2012/07/06/execut... This looks to me just what it says on the tin: The Federal Government is to develop a plan for ensuring comms during national crises. The only part that hinted at "control" of systems is Sec 5.2(e) where the DHS is to be able to satisfy priority communications requirements through use of (not control of) commercial, Government, and privately-owned resources. So yes, the gov't could come in and use Aunt Tillie's landline phone if no other resources were available in a disaster , but that hardly equates to "control of all communications systems" and is hardly different in degree to the powers the Federal government already has in disaster response. And that was despite KDE4 being much more similar to KDE3 than GNOME 3 is to GNOME 2. I find it amusing how Christian says they moved away from "their" ESD to a standard PulseAudio. ESD was the Enlightenment Sound Daemon (though it may have been maintained by GNOME hackers at the end), and PulseAudio is only "standard" insofar as it was included by default with most distros (i.e. ESD or aRts would have been "standard" under that definition). KDE at least supports PulseAudio better than ESD but it could as easily have supported ESD if it were necessary, especially if there was as much support from ESD devs as was provided by PulseAudio devs (ESD was already in its nadir before KDE 4.0 thanks to broad usage of gstreamer making ESD redundant for most audio needs). It would be easier to lift the rover perhaps, but F=ma, so since the mass of the rover hasn't changed, neither has the acceleration you can develop for a given force applied. If it makes anyone feel any better this article is getting pilloried even by actual U.S. submariners: http://bubbleheads.blogspot.com/2012/08/not-everything-you-r... No, a car can't run for infinite distance even once at its final speed, unless you're talking about the kind of theory that doesn't involve friction, drivetrain losses, aerodynamic resistance, or even things as simple as having a radio turned on (not to mention headlights) Perhaps I'm being dumb, but doesn't std::list already do exactly this? From SGI's STL docs: "A list is a doubly linked list. That is, it is a Sequence that supports both forward and backward traversal, and (amortized) constant time insertion and removal of elements at the beginning or the end, or in the middle" Actually in this particular case that "copy" is allowed to be elided even in C++98, as the copy constructor of person produces no side effects. It would be hard to notice if the optimizer is that smart or not either way though, since it will be optimized by redundant load/store elimination even if it was initially generated without optimization. And even if it was, C++ is nearly a superset of C. Write the part in C-style code which works best in C and then move on with your life... I'd just like to point out as a KDE developer that we don't go changing our APIs all willy-nilly. Every major release I can remember (since KDE 2.0) has kept binary compatibility for the libraries (see http://techbase.kde.org/Policies/Binary_Compatibility_Issues... ). There have been exceptions for Plasma libraries, but those were announced beforehand. Many current KDE libraries are evolutions of technology going back to KDE 2 (for better or worse). Perhaps the biggest change over the whole lifetime has been the shell (going from kdesktop+kicker in KDE 2+3 to Plasma in KDE 4) and going from aRts in KDE 2+3 to Phonon in KDE 4. Btw, we were highly encouraged to adopt the popular multimedia framework at the time (gstreamer 0.10) instead of writing Phonon. gstreamer will soon be releasing an incompatible 1.0, while in the interim Phonon gained native support for the sound server that become highly popular in the meantime, PulseAudio. KDE has been doing its part to insulate developers as much as possible from mandatory API changes. It's not as good as the kernel or Microsoft has been able to do, but it's certainly not as bad as GNOME IMHO. I can say this as an app maintainer too. Going onto the KDE 4.10 development cycle, JuK still has code that uses the "kde3support" library. :( Yes, my first thought on reading that short argument was that it has all the logical rigor of INTERCAL. I especially like the leap the author took from 'an iDevice is an end in itself' to 'users can see this' to 'obviously that's why it is selling so well'. Not a one of those logical leaps is even plausible IMO, let alone so obvious that it can be thrown out there without further justification. The multimedia API changed from KDE 2 and 3's aRts to KDE 4's Phonon. The API is still Phonon, and this will be true in KDE 5 as well. There were other application-specific APIs that were used for things that were beyond the capability of aRts and Phonon (e.g. Juk could use gstreamer directly in KDE 3) but the KDE APIs themselves were pretty stable. It's true that a Qt change in binary incompatible and involves at least some source porting effort, but honestly those have been fairly infrequent, and only one of those transitions (3->4) involved more than minor source changes. Qt 4 was released at the end of 2005 (around the time of Linux 2.6.15) and is still the "current" version, though the Qt 5 release is around the corner. In just the KDE 3 timeframe to now, on the other hand, there has been gstreamer 0.6, 0.8, 0.10, soon 1.0, PulseAudio, ConsoleKit, HAL, HAL's replacement (DeviceKit), DeviceKit's replacement (udev and friends, upower, udisks, etc.), PolicyKit, PolicyKit's replacement ("polkit"), NetworkManager 0.8, NetworkManager 0.9. Needless to say, trying to keep in sync with all of that has not been fun. :-/ > Spoken like someone who has never been slut-shamed. Or had his/her leg blown off by a landmine. People don't actually get maimed because they stupidly walked into a minefield. They get maimed because someone put a minefield where they live and grew up, and they can't live life at all without being in constant danger. If we don't expect people to exercise "common sense" in trying to avoid becoming the victims of circumstance, then why do we install locks on cars and homes? Missing locks on a house doesn't make it acceptable to steal things from inside of it, yet we don't in general rely on that social and legal rule alone. Lacey doesn't deserve the treatment she's been getting but it's entirely appropriate to point out that the response could have been foreseen by anyone with experience with 4chan's /b/ (which includes Lacey, if she's to be believed). Any other argument is of the same intellectual logic as trying to prevent teen pregnancy by not teaching teens about sex (which is even worse as a method than abstinence education!) This should be a "teachable moment" for other teenage or young entrepreneurs trying to drum up public interest in their enterprise by poking 4chan. It certainly shouldn't be hidden from public view just to make it look like it was a completely random attack on /b/'s part. People need to be educated about what can happen. Given that they should persist, the better way would be /var/tmp I would think, at least if persistence means "should survive reboot". Even before shifting to tmpfs I'm pretty sure Fedora was erasing the contents of /tmp at startup (and I know Gentoo/OpenRC is). There might be an even more appropriate FHS-compliant directory (/var/run perhaps?) > FOSS coders undervalue themselves and should get paid what they are worth. I do open-source coding with a completely non-related day job to keep proficient and because I like building software. What should I bill per hour? Who should I bill it to? As far as I'm concerned I'm already making value from my code, I certainly don't need others swooping in to tell me what I should and shouldn't charge for it. "Treason" has a specific U.S. Constitutional meaning. "Aiding the enemy" is probably the nearest equivalent under U.S. military legal procedure. Either definition would fit the layman meaning of 'traitor'. Your first paragraph is kind of worrisome though. You say that Manning meets the definition of a traitor "if you believe he intentionally leaked information which risked American security during a war". But from the military legal standpoint there is no such thing as "no harm, no foul", so really he would be a traitor "if you believe he intentionally leaked information [to an American enemy] during a war", and this is true whether or not one would go through even a neutral (or Allied!) third-party first. Other military servicemembers have acted as actual whistleblowers, even for things far more embarrassing to the U.S. than leaked diplomatic cables (e.g. Pfc. Justin Watt, who revealed a heinous crime of rape, multiple murders, and arson committed by U.S. soldiers in Iraq, or the unnamed(?) whistleblower who revealed the Abu Ghraib abuses). The reason they ended up OK is because they were whistleblowers, and not just exfiltrating as much confidential material as they could (without even examining it all) before their security access was removed due to a previous Article 15 conviction from punching another soldier in the face. I mention this only because I see all the time (even here on HN now) about how people think Pfc. Manning is a "whistleblower" who is being oppressed, but there's far more to that story. Yes, because summarily removing all of that spending would certainly have no drastic follow-on effects to the national economy. > > American security during a war > Just a reminder, but there's no declared war. There's military action, yes. But no war has been declared. Please look through http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Declaration_of_war_by_the_Unite... The war in Afghanistan was formally authorized by Congress in the "Authorization for Use of Military Force" (a resolution which even explicitly mentioned that it satisfies all requirements of the War Powers Act passed in the aftermath of Vietnam). Despite the fact that the writers didn't put "Declaration of War against $FOO" in the title of the resolution, it was certainly a declaration in the Article I, Sec. 8 sense. But please, tell me more about how traitors are only created when Congress dots their I's and crosses their T's in a certain format. This page gives another "nice" demonstration of C (in actual usage, not an obfuscated code contest): http://oldhome.schmorp.de/marc/bournegol.html What's especially nice is that TRUE is defined as -1 in that source, not 1, which could easily confuse someone who isn't intimately familiar with C's boolean operators and conditional expressions (since something like if((a Even with that in mind, it would still be nice to have a "safer to use" systems language than C++ generally available. Perhaps Go or D can fill that role (though good luck making that happen for game development on Windows...) They don't? I thought you still couldn't run your own JIT-capable JS implementation on iOS. Not to step into your flamefest, but point #2 is already solved by using TACK ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4010711 ) and Chrome has other partial workarounds in production. So iPad 1 users should have to jailbreak their iPad to get to fully utilize it longer than 2 years? I agree completely that they could at least give it a stable OS (and apps!) but "jailbreak" should never be on a list of generic end-user steps to use your hardware. Although I agree with you that Apple should not alter HTTP POST parameters in-flight, the server side application must expect the client to be untrusted. Anything can connect to the server socket, not just its RESTful app on iOS. > Bitcoin is no more a "den of thieves" than a cash-based society, which most of the world was until recently. Actually it seems that credit/debt was usually the standard and not cash per se, at least if David Graeber's book on the history of debt can be believed ("Debt: The First 5,000 Years"). While cash has certainly been used since antiquity, most transactions were on credit, even before Western Europe exited the Middle Ages, with cash limited to certain purposes and/or segments of society. Well, part of the reason the Manifesto was made up was to help answer the question of what it even means to be part of "the club" in the first place. KDE was started to provide a complete desktop environment. Though the work there is certainly not finished by any means, it's predominantly done (and has been so since KDE 3.5, if you ask some). Yet, KDE developers are branching off into different software types and different hardware form factors. Plasma Active is a mobile platform built on KDE libraries. The ownCloud software stack was started by developers affiliated with KDE and even shared some infrastructure initially. None of these things are part of "the desktop" though. So, we (at KDE) have had to come to grips with lots of questions. "Are we done? Is this it? If not, what's the reason for continuing, what do we accomplish further?". We've built the community and the software, where do we go from here? And at the end, what is "KDE.org" and what isn't? What does KDE give to those who contribute, and what do we expect of those who carry the imprimatur of a KDE-affiliated project? It's probably touchy-feely and pretty generic, but then KDE has always been kind of amorphous in my experience, for better or worse. If I remember the decoding process right, it's basically just taking 4 characters at a time, multiplying by (6/8) (which is 3/4) to get 3 characters. This doesn't make it impossible to decode less than 4 characters, but you can't tell if the shortage is due to an error (early truncation) or just the padding being stripped (the article doesn't make it clear, but = is the traditional padding character used to make the encoded text have the proper length). Obviously both encoder/decoder will need to agree on the padding style to be used if it is important that encoded text be canonical. I think instead he's saying that in a "normal" job market it's possible to higher server admins of lesser experience for lower pay and suffer through the consequences of having to train them up and get them proficient. There's good business reasons not to do this but that doesn't make it any less of a normal job market I use it too, but I must admit to wishing they would make it compatible with Google Authenticator or some other OATH implementation. SMS'ed text codes take way too long to be a good second-step when you're having to login everyday like I do (not to mention logging in from work where my reception is almost nil). On Linux, you can just use sigsetjmp(3)/siglongjmp(3), especially since SIGSEGV is thread-directed and not process-directed. Perl has had it for awhile, although there were probably languages that had it beforehand (awk or ADA maybe?) KDE developer here, still found the link useful (especially for HN). Even when developing for proprietary platforms, many (though not all) of the concepts transfer over well to FOSS platforms, including for security, SQL, cloud/async programming, etc. Free/cheap resources for a proprietary compiler (Borland C++ 5.02) were what led to me learning to program (and later learning about Linux) and so I want to explicitly make clear that such things are not inherently bad for Free Software or open source. That only makes it more likely that what was said has a semantically correct meaning though (or is that what you meant?). Or we can stop pretending like we're even a little bit confused as to what was meant at any point along the way here... natural language exists to facilitate communication and understanding, not pointless arguments over the form of idiomatic expressions. rekonq is not the default KDE browser, and is not shipped with the KDE Software Compilation or KDE Platform. Instead, it is a valued KDE-community-developed browser available from our "Extragear" repository. However I will say that even we at KDE are not opposed to configurability in general (especially to the extent listed for GNOME 3 and Unity... as far as I know we don't have a stick up our collective asses regarding the "brand experience"). But we have to maintain patches we accept (e.g. in the case of the task manager). LUCKILY we are quite happy to have even our core components ripped and replaced by something better. E.g. there is Craig Drummond's "Icon Tasks" taskbar available for Plasma (which I use). As far as SVG themes, that was a 10 steps forward, 1 step back kind of thing... overall the desktop is much improved by having those as an option, even if it makes it more difficult to implement color toning. But if someone were to submit a patch implementing "themed color variations" (so that you as a user could choose the "light" color, "dark" color, etc. and the rest of the theme remains unchanged) then I would be very surprised if that were to be rejected outright. Agree with most, but I'm having trouble combining your points 2 + 3. If they're referring to the quarter before the iPhone 5 was even announced, then it would seem the iPhone 4S that's actually on shelves would be the fair point of comparison. It's fair to say that Apple enthusiasts would be holding off on buying any iPhone that quarter since they knew the next version would soon be announced (which probably moots the overall article point just on its own). But that doesn't make the overall comparison for the quarter meaningless. Interesting to see what the site would have looked like, but why was it surprising that Romney would have a transition site already made? That's what we'd call "proper prior planning" where I work, nothing more. The title here is misleading. The articles notes that 1 of the SEALs receiving punishment was a member of the bin Laden raid (and leaves unclear what his role had been), the other 6 are members of that SEAL Team but were not involved in that raid. It does say 4 other former members of that Team are still under investigation without mentioning if they were involved in the raid or not. So a better title might be the obvious: "7 Navy SEALs disciplined for role with video game". Interesting paper! I have an autistic son (and my second might have something similar but much milder) and I suppose I would meet the "systemitizing" criterion (my wife wouldn't, but that doesn't really argue against the conclusion of the paper). Of course, anecdote != data, etc. Yeah, I can't imagine why anyone would want to spend $150 million to boost security in the financial capital of the world, it's certainly not like there have been any major security crises in the area in the past say, 20 years or so. We definitely should have instead invested that money, starting "5 years ago", in preparing for a hurricane to merge with a strong winter storm in an area that, up to now, had never suffered anything as bad in at least the past 108 years. Yup. Did you read the article or just the title? The subject-referenced policy Obama signed is pretty much detailed high-level policy guidance on what is considered network defense and what is considered cyber operations, and in doing so sets out rules for usage of such. This is exactly the kind of thing CIA, Dept. of State, Dept. of Defense, etc. don't need being made directly available to Iran, China, Russia, non-state actors, etc. The article also notes that corresponding guidance for cooperation between the government and civilian agencies is still being worked both on Capitol Hill and as a separate Executive Order. > And everyone knew the huge amount of software in C++. Why the list? Perhaps the submitter just likes watching HN'ers fall all over themselves to reflexively point out all the reasons why C++ is, like, the worst language ever? (Someone even mentioned coding Windows in ML-derived languages, I can only imagine Raymond Chen's reaction to that) As far as I know, the GNOME 3 "experience" relies heavily on the Mutter window manager and so it can't be easily replaced. Maybe someone else can chime in to confirm one way or the other though. This "Rule of Zero" construct doesn't forgo RAII, since RAII does not simply mean "write constructors and destructors". Instead it allows the compiler and language to automatically do the right thing to enable RAII by using appropriate library-provided building blocks. E.g. his std::unique_ptr + custom deleter type enables the compiler to automatically make a RAII-compliant class for the author, so it's still RAII, just automatically implemented (except for the ctor, in this case). > What I'd like to suggest is that all Linux platform developers seriously consider going the opposite way and providing real "computers" to those holdouts, like me, who still need to get real work done and know how to navigate a real file system and even [gasp] a command line. For what it's worth, that's exactly what we're trying to do with KDE. We'll reorganize a UI to make it less confusing for routine tasks but for the most part we're about trying to make it possible to do complex work. Much like the Perl motto, we want easy things to be easy, and hard things to be possible. Help is always welcomed though, we don't exactly have multiple distros feeding development time and resources directly into the project like some other desktop environments, and we don't really want to be force-fed by those means anyways as it makes it difficult to move in a direction not in accordance with what the company wants. One has only to look at Nokia's Qt to see what happens with that -- lots of progress on things important for mobile (specifically what's nice for Nokia, obviously), relative stagnation on other areas. KDE's KSysGuard tries to do a detailed calculation much like this if you ask for it (right-click on a process in ksysguard's process list and click "Detailed Memory Status", IIRC). This process list can be pulled directly from KRunner (Alt-F2) as well. No offense but you're reading waaay more into it than what they wrote. "Difference in strategic position" doesn't equate to "dead language that no one uses" and a question into the departure of a high-profile MS exec doesn't rise to the level of moon landing lunacy. Unless you have some sort of inside knowledge about what the parent comment to yours actually meant I can only assume that this discussion in general is hitting too close to home for complete objectivity on your part. I also don't think that being signed up for a site for a longer duration of time inherently gives you any right to speak for the entire site, even in a conversation with one of relatively less "seniority" on the site (whatever that even means). It's nice that you clarified what you meant by "us" but that wasn't being debated and it didn't add to any points you've made. Much like the other commenters have mentioned, you're "high profile" if only because I've actually heard of you and read your writings with interest before (via the same means legions of other developers will have done so). I'll remove "exec" if I still have Edit perms though, apologies. Indeed, the "Unicode support" in question is tracking changes to the Unicode standard itself. Perl 5 has long been one of the top-flight Unicode implementations (and not just implementation , but a community-wide set of best practices, documentation for use, etc.). I almost skipped because I figured it would be another introductory article to how to use bash and coreutils, but this was actually very good. It's true the writeup didn't mention Gauss, but the PDF that the author linked did mention that. But either way wouldn't the importance for the field of computing in this case be more on the application of the algorithm and not who published first? I.e. if no one knows about a computable algorithm used sparingly 150 years earlier then I don't think it's completely unfair to give some credit to one who later rediscovers and popularizes that algorithm. According to the Wikipedia article the Cooley-Tukey algorithm was an independent re-discovery so it's not as if Tukey had read Gauss and then tried to steal the credit (it wasn't even noted until almost 20 years later that Cooley-Tukey was a rediscovery of a Gaussian algorithm). It's almost unfair though... I think if we really deeply dove into what mathematicians like Gauss, Euler, Cauchy, etc. came up with that there may be other "CS" algorithms that were innovated hundreds of years before computers were available to really popularize them. Every time I read about Euler and Gauss especially I end up even more impressed. I've found that experimenting with the various git diff algorithms helps out. IIRC there is an "-x patience" flag you can pass to git-diff and tools which use that, which spends more time to get "better" diffs. Same for GTK+ C code (where it is used as a gesture toward C++ compatibility, at least for the headers). Perl 5 was released in October 1994, so it's impressive in its own right that a) there is boilerplate you can add at all to get good Unicode support and b) that you can extend the language to support it using just boilerplate. As the other comment mentioned, improvements by "default" to Unicode support do get included into later Perl 5 releases, but you have to let the compiler/interpreter know that you're buying into that so that it can reduce the boilerplate for you. But on the other hand, I don't have a gas station at my house... I could have a charging station though. > The government is not just any old company or investor, the government has guns and can compel action in a way that others cannot. As such it is very powerful to have as a investor and very dangerous to have as a competitor. Too dangerous. I get what you're saying but I really wish people would quit bandying about the "government has guns" line. I'm one of the zillions working in the USG and I can tell you that the left hand doesn't hardly even know what the left finger is doing most of the time, let alone the right hand (and this is often by design, to avoid exactly what you're talking about). If you want to discuss hypotheticals of gov't gone astray then that's fine but then we could also discuss those hypothetical meteors that might hit your corporate HQ (hope you've been doing your disaster recovery planning). Or we could quit acting like starting a business in the U.S. is really just like starting a business in a country run by a junta, or that investing in civilian-run businesses that further a societal and national goal is just like establishing a command economy. So do the militiamen in Montana, so what exactly is your point? The bobbies patrolling the streets in the U.K. are unarmed but people still seem to respect the rule of law over there, companies can still be seized, etc. In fact there are probably even a few Western democracies without so much as a military that still could pass laws to nationalize a business. "Guns" are the least of your problems with government from a day-to-day point of view. I think the idea is that most people drive near where they live most of the time. If it does turn out you need to drive out to the boonies you can rent a car for that on a case-by-case basis, much like how we don't all drive box trucks on the off chance that we might need to move a big TV back home someday. But in the meantime you'd still get the benefit with your normal car. If you drive long distances more often though, then that obviously changes the decision for now... at this point a Tesla wouldn't be for you until there was more Supercharger infrastructure around the nation. Honestly we already have something similar going on, at least where I live (in DC) I see those tiny little Smart cars every so often, but you can bet your ass that you don't hardly ever see them outside the Beltway, no one is dumb enough to risk their life in one of those little things on a long-distance trip out of, and back to, DC. Sure, and people should. But saying that people don't have the right to do otherwise is a much stronger statement than what you just stated. In fact, people in general have the right to do many things which are immoral or even unethical, e.g. the Westboro Baptist protests at funerals. Another logical fallacy I've seen is kind of the contrapositive (if I remember ethics class correctly): If people hear an anecdote of a problem affecting someone in a group, the problem exists throughout the entire group. E.g. the other day Reddit had a story about an atheist who dropped out of West Point because he felt there was too much religion, which somehow mutated on some of the subreddits to how all atheists in all of the military branches are continuously being oppressed (which is far and away untrue). I think he disputing the author's assertion that "being unable to distinguish the millions of colors in 24-bit sRGB can't be true" is necessarily true given the conclusion. It's important to get the fine details right even if you agree with the overall point (though I'm not sure who's actually right here). It's always only good enough. Who actually has a literally perfect life? Are you really trying to suggest that the difference between the 24-bit color that we already can't reliably reproduce on current monitors and the 30-bit of the author, is the same order of magnitude as between 24-bit and 2-bit monochrome? We received a Chinese-language (not sure if Mandarin or what) to a KDE mailing list the other day. We could see it was relevant to us but there was no translation, nothing at all, none of us could understand the problem. Eventually someone replied asking for them to re-submit an English description of the issue, hopefully they're able to do so. :-/ I don't know, if there's one thing that seems more ignorant/oblivious than the idea that HN will somehow magically DDoS GMail, it's complaining about downvotes on HN. :P (P.S. Poe's Law) Sweet, so in a couple more years I'll finally be able to see that down arrow! :) It helps solve the problem of authenticating someone based on something they know (e.g. for telephone password resets, banking questions, etc.) without a ton of complicated key pre-sharing. Even at the state level it may not be acceptable to have someone walk into a "local" office if it's 300 miles away. Of course by now we (as in the general public and policymakers) know that this is stupid and that there needs to be a different way. But some proposed different ways (e.g. national ID w/ built-in PKCS crypto) are highly politically unfavored, and no one seems to have come up with and popularized a better way to do it that everyone will get on board with. I personally figure that it will come down to government directing something or the other (perhaps adopting an interoperable standard which the states must implement) but Americans don't like solutions to come from government either. I can see now why one would assume differently, but it has always kind of been my assumption that if a change to the tax code was approved before the end of the tax fiscal year, that the changes would possibly affect my taxes for that tax year. After all I always received tax breaks in the same year that they were approved. I'm pretty sure this is posted because it's a fairly-well-known blogger (which Wil is, now) talking about the Instagram TOS topic and not just because it's some redshirt from Star Trek. I'm as big a nuclear proponent as they come, but I do wish the media would stop referring to thorium power as "safe" and "green". Thorium is certainly safer than Uranium-based fuels. It's not 'fertile' so runaway prompt criticality is much much less of an issue... might even be impossible. Its fission fragments are on average shorter-lived which reduces the amount of time it would be a radioactive waste hazard, etc. But it does not eliminate the issues of radioactive waste, and does not make it impossible to have mechanical accidents, at least as compared to existing Uranium-based reactor designs. That is, many of the passive safety spoken of with Thorium-based reactors are a matter of design and not necessarily of fuel (though Thorium fuel is easier to use in the types of molten fuel salt reactors that are passively safe). Don't get me wrong, I'm on board with using whichever is found desirable as long as we're maintaining the needed safety/design/construction/operation/etc. margin, but I worry that we're starting to oversell Thorium power. As ever, there's no such thing as a free lunch, there are simply advantages and disadvantages, opportunities and risks. > Systrom was asked about formal offers. The Twitter offer was a verbal agreement. Verbal contracts are still contracts. Written form is preferred because it's easier to enforce after-the-fact, not because it's required for legal contracts. And either way, Systrom would have taken an oath to "tell the truth, and the whole truth". This type of glaring omission over quibbling about whether an offer was a "formal" offer or not would get most in trouble with the courts... There was a verbal offer with specific dollar amounts ($525 million, in fact), an offer specific enough that Instagram had to back out of it before it was signed. I'm not talking about filling out an SEC-mandated press release, I'm talking about a direct question from state lawyers about whether there were any offers from other companies besides Facebook, and Systrom lied and then tried to employ weasel words about "formal offers" to talk about something else. Can you at least read the article before talking about generalities of mergers&acquisitions? SQL is pronounced 'sequel' not because it's cute, but because that's what it was originally called by IBM, and was changed only due to a conflicting trademark. The then-current DBA's never stopped calling it 'sequel' and the pronunciation stuck. You're right that it's not a 1:1 analogy, as for example the National Geographic photos probably brought enough traffic by themselves to be useful for Instagram, if they could figure out how to benefit from traffic alone. But for most people Randall is spot-on, Instagram holds their photos and gets... ? However the way Instagram went about these TOS changes, and their initial response are both comical examples of how not to handle stuff like this. I honestly think most understand the idea that Instagram can't host their photos forever without some way of making money from that, but the solution for Instagram can't be to expand the TOS to encompass every conceivable act and then try out solutions while saying "Oh, we pinky promise we won't do that vile thing". Figure out the plan (or plans) first, then make the TOS fit the plan. And communicate with everyone involved during the process instead of presenting a fait accompli. I think the difference is more that with FOIA-style public lists, that people who will misuse your data can look you up directly, whereas the clerk at the DMV actually is a total stranger who if anything cares about you personally even less than a total stranger might. Meh, I've stopped trying to ever argue stuff like this. There is simply a large class of people who will never believe in l10n if it involves en_US, only if it's any other country or region in the world. In the Navy (submarines) we would always say that "such-and-such procedure is written in blood"... and often it was. Either blood or millions of dollars worth of damage and time wasted. The problem is that most people don't need to measure things in day to day life, they only need to estimate. Those that do need to measure already know that they have to track units no matter which system of measurement they use (as the difference between entering grams by accident instead of kilograms is 3 orders of magnitude!) > His best argument is that Imperial measurements are based on eyeballing. So can metric, if you are familiar with them. I think people pushing for metric in the U.S. keep forgetting that they are pushing against the status quo. I.e. there must be a positive net benefit to the change they want for there to be a reasonable shot at getting the vast entrenched infrastructure of units displaced. Saying "but but metric can do this too!!" isn't good enough. Metric needs to be better and the fact of the matter is that U.S. imperial units are good enough for the day to day life of the average citizen (who for the most part don't even go around converting imperial units, making any improvement in how conversions can be calculated a moot point). The comment you replied to never claimed that the U.S. uses metric units, only that it has been legal and even encouraged since 1866. So to re-iterate, there no change needed to the law, it already allows metric just fine (as you yourself note when you mention that the government-run military understands metric). Simply deprecating customary units won't be enough to make the switch, you would actually have to make it illegal, and Hell will freeze over before you'll see that pass in the U.S. ("Doesn't Congress have actual problems to fix???") > So what's the problem again? America sucks and is like the worst thing to ever happen to the world. Or something, it all blends together eventually. Oddly no one ever makes a serious push to ban languages other than English or Mandarin Chinese throughout the world, or currency other than USD which would actually have beneficial effects on global interaction. Instead they compare the U.S. to Myanmar as if Americans should seriously be offended by that. For once my org's third-world IT infrastructure (IE 7) comes in handy. Everything is gloriously degraded down and readable and with only slight layout breaks. I would pay $10 yesterday to outsource this away from my org's IT if I felt I had a chance at actually getting said $10 request approved (to be fair, the fact that it's a third-party-run list for our internal ops would be the issue, not the $10). Makes sense to me. Or Microsoft shops that can't just throw Mailman on a random machine and can't get around the Exchange administrator's policies. They may not be able to skunkworks a new @foocorp.com email but they can have a third-party host it. Open source developers do, almost by definition (this is just a listserv, but explained in terms the target audience would understand). I actually liked the Aveo (used to own one), but to pile on I'll say that in the past few years I've rented a Kia compact, a Mitsubishi Mirage, and a Ford Focus and the Ford was definitely the nicest overall, which I found very surprising. The freezing temperature matters far less than you think. There is "latent heat" that must be added to ice to make it melt and removed from water to make it freeze. Just the other week we had a wintry mix of precipitation at a nice and balmy 0.5 C which resulted in accumulated snow and ice, despite never being below freezing at ground level. It even warmed up through the day slightly to 1.7 C or so but the ice and snow never completely melted as there wasn't enough heat to overcome the latent heat of vaporization needed. And as mentioned elsewhere, it's not exactly difficult to remember "32 F is freezing", even the most dense Americans have figured that out so it's another metric solution to a problem that doesn't actually exist in America. > But there are constant, ongoing costs to having mixed units, potentially including lives lost (and certainly very expensive space probes lost). In engineering there is never an excuse for not knowing the units of measure of a value in use. That probe would have been brought down just as easily by mistaking a 'kg' parameter as 'g' as it would have been by mistaking a 'kg' parameter as 'lbs'. What's worse, in engineering there are multiple metric standards of measure (c-g-s, m-k-s, subatomic measures, etc.) There's no way around it, you have to know your units. Fractional measures are useful when you often have to sub-divide a thing, but you are right in that they make the problem of comparing two things more difficult. But with that in mind the answer to your question is that when the scales were first devised in the first place that it was apparently more important to be able to evenly split things up easily without grade-school arithmetic than it was to be able to compare a 3/32" socket to a 1/8". KDE 3 had KRegExpEditor ( http://www.blackie.dk/KDE/KRegExpEditor/ ) but it only recently found someone interested in porting it to KDE 4. The stupid answer is that it's easier to add 1/2 and 1/4 than it is 32/64 and 16/64. Keep in mind this is the kind of measurement system that might evolve in the time before most people had a formal education. > There are documented instances of metric/imperial mixups crashing space probes and forcing airliners to land after running out of fuel in midair and such things. As I recall, the Gimli glider came about because they were trying to switch to include metric units and had to change their procedure to do it, but didn't make the change in all places where it was necessary. This resulted in pilots using an Imperial conversion factor to try to calculate a metric fuel loadout, with disastrous results. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gimli_Glider#Refueling ... this isn't exactly selling me on the idea that switching up all the units used in the U.S. is actually a good idea. Yeah, I was going to complain that this is really something that the user needs to be able to disable or otherwise opt out of. As it stands there's content filtering going on outside of user control which isn't a good thing at all (seriously, there's probably less controls on free.fr than the local police station) That's mostly what certificate pinning does already, if I'm understanding the concept right. > KHTML had almost no market share - it only ran on KDE, and most KDE users used Firefox. As mentioned before, Firefox didn't even exist at this point. And KHTML itself actually predates Linux Gecko by a few months as well. Don Melton forked KHTML/KJS internally in 2001 , and announced the work to KDE at the beginning of 2003... GMail wasn't released until 2004! Safari pre-dated Firefox, so something about your recollection is a bit off here. Perhaps you're thinking of SeaMonkey or Phoenix as the point of comparison? Either way according to Wikipedia, Don had forked KHTML/KJS in 2001 (which pre-dated the first public release of Phoenix by a year or so), so his choices were to hack SeaMonkey into something suitable or to start from somewhere else. Nice article, but I just wanted to throw out that if being able to call a class method on a null object in C++ is desirable, you can actually check for that condition instead of just crashing. if(!this) return false; // Or whatever Of course it's open for debate as to whether this is something to encourage, but it can help from having to use a Null Object pattern in some situations. That's a good point, calling a virtual method on a null pointer is the source of some backtraces that seem to start a few bytes past 0. Naming things is always difficult, but I meant class method, although what I should have said was non-virtual class method, which is possible in C++. Both virtual and non-virtual have "this" pointers, the difference is whether the class method to call is looked up at runtime or compile-time, so I still would consider both "methods". I didn't learn OOP from Smalltalk so I may be abusing the terminology (it's not intentional). It's actually a different answer for C or C++ programmers. NULL should be defined as ((void * )0) for C always (and you should define your own NULL to enforce that if necessary in varargs functions). This is safe because C allows conversion from void * to other pointer types. C++ does not allow conversion from void * to other pointer types, so what you were supposed to do was use plain 0, which introduced exactly the issue you mention (and which has bitten me before trying to use a C library from C++, where NULL was defined as plain 0). With C++11 you should use nullptr, which does the right thing. Some implementations define NULL in C++ to a vendor-provided symbol which emulates nullptr so it might be safe to use NULL. If you have C++98 only and don't want to risk NULL then you should use static_cast (0) (where T is the actual pointer type), which is admittedly clunky. My understanding of the taint flag as implemented in Perl is that it is very much a whitelist. All user input is born tainted and much be verified clean before the flag is removed. It's possible to screw this up by verifying too much, but that's an overly-expansive whitelist problem, not a blacklist that isn't restrictive enough. If you think a C++ compiler has the option to define NULL as ((void * ) 0) then all I ask is that you simply try it yourself and let me know what compiler error you get. Make sure to turn off permissive flags. class Foo { }; int main() { Foo *foo = malloc(sizeof(Foo)); // returns void* } That's kind of the point. Why do you have to choose? Why isn't it possible with the language and its standard libraries? What happens when you mix APR code with glib-using code? That's because NULL is the pre-processor define. The null pointer itself has no name in C or C++ (pre-11), except that the language will convert integer '0' into whatever the hardware's null pointer is (usually also 0) when converting integral types to pointer types. C++11 added a name and specific type for the null pointer but that's about it. The lack of standard for 1+2 is the complaint here. Prefixing in the libraries is a workaround to make it possible at all for their separate (but similar) basic types to co-exist, but the libraries shouldn't have to define sane basic types for these things. At most they should have to add extended operations. But because they don't, it must be reimplemented in each library that needs them, which adds to code size and semantic overhead. Which might be helpful is for a good basic type library to be created which could be a common dependency for each (perhaps host it on CCAN), but the fact that this would be needed at all is the base complaint. Perhaps I'm the stupid one here but I was never expecting higher levels and availability of health care to be less expensive (or even as expensive), at least in the short-term. I supported it anyways because it's the right thing to do. A cheaper health-care option would be to take the sick out behind a barn and put them out of their misery, which is why we don't turn health care into a linear optimization problem. As the bill was being debated it was my understanding that the lowering costs would come from improvements in health as a direct result of increased preventative care and earlier detection of disease (in the stage where it is cheaper to treat). It is impossible to have the increased preventative care come before patients' access to that care, just as it's impossible to detect illness when a patient cannot even be seen due to lack of insurance. That was the reason I said I didn't expect a reduction in price in the short-term, because it simply doesn't make sense. That doesn't mean costs won't eventually go down compared to what they would have been if PPACA didn't go into effect, but that's getting beyond my ability to predict based just on simple principles. Strictly speaking the LGPL is a license that relates to copyright, not patenting. A separate patent license would also be required, unless you use a copyright license that also includes patent terms (I haven't reviewed LGPL in awhile to confirm, and obviously you need to specify about what exact version of LGPL you're referring to anyways). I think you're underestimating the creativity of patent lawyers a bit. For instance, just off the top of my head, consider this: "OK, you can distribute the source all you want, but as soon as you compile it, you've created a patented product, the binary of which you can't distribute." After all, the patent itself is supposed to give all the description one needs of how to implement the patented invention, it's when you fix the patent into something real that you violate the patent. Edit: What drove me to mentioning the separateness of patents and copyright was some of the discussion around GPLv3, e.g. http://fsfe.org/campaigns/gplv3/patents-and-gplv3.en.html#Ex... We do all realize that there's a difference between breaking locks and trespassing, right? > Particularly in the moment when the most high profile product of that zeal is that seems to have contributed to someone's death. No offense to Aaron (who is by all accounts even smarter than I) but many, many people get charged with Federal crimes (even those with 30 year sentences) and don't go and kill themselves. Especially when they're as innocent as everyone describe him to be. In some of those cases the defendant gets to use it as an opportunity to thumb their nose at the prosecution the entire way along (a kind of "reverse bully-pulpit"). It really sounded to me that Aaron had built a good case for himself once they dropped the trespassing charge, especially in light of everything that's come out since his suicide. So I don't understand it... Although I am deeply saddened by Aaron taking his life, I feel that part of the article is intellectually dishonest. I.e., it recites synopses of the charges and then states that the charges are not true because: - "MIT runs an open network" But this is irrelevant, if Aaron used my public Wifi it wouldn't be my job to police his actions even if I had the resources for that. - "MIT could have locked the network down, but didn't." This is a poor excuse as well. "I could have locked my car doors, but I didn't, so I guess it's my fault." Or better yet, "I could have worn my hijab, but I didn't, so I suppose it's my fault I was punished in a Sharia court". - "MIT doesn't specifically tell its users not to do dickwad things to its network." This is the same logic that gets those "stupid warning labels" put on everything! - "JSTOR didn't have technical facilities in place to stop people like Aaron." But the only reason such technical facilities would be needed is if Aaron's behavior on the network were unacceptable in the first place. - "Aaron did not 'hack' the JSTOR website for all reasonable definitions of 'hack'". But this is kind of a strawman, go back and read the article's own description of the charges if you don't believe me, they claim only generic things like "unauthorized access" or "deceptively appearing as if he were from MIT". - "He didn't try to hide his behavior". Who CARES? If I steal something in broad daylight in the real world people would say I was an idiot, not that I was "innocent". - "Other people use fake identities too". Which is the same argument every parent of a 5-year-old has heard and taken care of... - "If JSTOR had properly responded to the DoS/unauthorized access it wouldn't have been such a big deal". See above about victim blaming. - "But he wasn't trespassing!". And in the next sentence, "the Federal government isn't charging him with such". Uh, OK? Now, did he deserve even the possibility of 35 years in prison? No. Is it right to prevent him (as Lessig claims) from forming a proper legal defense fund? Absolutely not. In fact, that would be an area that needs to be properly "witch hunted" over because it's obvious from the outpouring of support now that Aaron's dead that he could have found help if he were able to ask... so why wasn't he able? What did the district court judge order that led Aaron to kill himself rather than risking the ire of a district judge? I wonder also why Aaron was so worried about being termed a 'felon'. I've worked with a felon, it was a similarly stupid charge (let's just say he later married his "victim"), and absolutely no one cared. Roman Polanski is still making movies; Aaron would have been just fine. But that was his choice to make. :( But I worry about articles like this that have popped up in the aftermath, especially when they are so full of inaccuracies as this. The issue for that is that there's nothing to pardon, aaronsw was never convicted, which means the case will be thrown out. > Issuing a GET request to a web server is not, and should not be a crime. A DDoS is also "the Internet as it was intended" by your logic. > The people that he supposedly hurt said that they don't care, and to leave him alone From the perspective of the state, that matters only as far as the details of "Can I still get the evidence needed without victim's support" and "How should I prioritize this case from here?" Often going through with a prosecution is just a further hassle for the victim (a process of "re-victimization"). In real life sometimes the trial would reveal further unpleasant things about the victim to public view. Maybe the victim wants to take care of it themself. Maybe they genuinely don't want any consequence to befall the suspect. But the responsibility of the state is to society at large. A prosecutor wouldn't refuse to charge a serial rapist that they had enough evidence for even without the victim's support, because of the risk to society if the serial rapist were allowed to go free. While Aaron was charged with far different things, he had shown a propensity for flouting the law on this particular topic, and escalating each addition time he did so, so it's not really that surprising that the D.A. would decide to continue with the case, especially given that they still had some of the other 'victims' supporting the prosecution. I say this all as a proponent of Open Access (certainly would have been nice while I was in college instead of having to use my university's proxy servers all the time). But the D.A. doesn't get to decide which laws are on the books and which aren't (as others have mentioned, this is how white people were mysteriously never charged of racial crimes in the Jim Crow-era South). The way I read it overall was that "being inconsiderate" is the crime, with the laws that we have on the books now relating to computing and networking. It is true that he was being inconsiderate and not "hacking" as it's commonly termed, but I just don't see how that helps Aaron. What they could/should be arguing instead is that the law is far too onerous in cases like this, but the issue with the law that we have now is that it's deliberately written to be this broad. It's either to allow the judgment of a jury and trained legal assistants to prevail in an area where legislators had no experience, or to put the screw on computer activists (or maybe even both), but it is very broad. I know this (I'm trained to provide voting assistance myself). But given the alternative.... This depends highly on where you live. In the U.S. service abuse that is judged as a denial-of-service attack is illegal under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act in some situations (I'm not sure if Aaron was charged under those sections or not though). 6-8 months is what the prosecutors asked for, remember? According to Lessig that wasn't even the sticking point for Aaron: Aaron didn't want to plead guilty to a felony, he wanted lesser charges. Your questions are kind of like asking about what could happen if we could go faster than the speed of light. But in this case I don't think there's much to be gained precedent-wise one way or the other, the applicable laws have been on the books (at least in their basic form) for decades. > Depression largely isn't rational. I think that sums it up, really. I'm just glad I made it through my teenage years without my then-depression taking my life. http://www.secretservice.gov/ectf.shtml "Significant impact" is a clause wide enough to drive a truck through just by itself. If anyone has ever read The Cuckoo's Egg by Cliff Stoll it gives some insight as to why the government might want to have an organization with the remit to "bring together not only federal, state and local law enforcement, but also prosecutors, private industry and academia." > The scope of this is enormous, the SS webpage gives the following examples If this wasn't assigned to USSS to investigate it would simply be assigned to some other component of the DOJ. You might claim instead that the government shouldn't have the purview to investigate "computer crime" at all, but computers have become far too important for that to be realistic. It might be better instead to explicitly disclaim some areas as barred from Federal investigation due to the risk to civil liberties, but even that would be a hard slog in today's America I think. I agree, if only because I've seen it tried, and because you're essentially having to write a computer program for the legal system to execute. It's hard enough to do this right for machines that will do essentially anything you ask of it the same way every time, I can barely imagine how disastrous this would end up in the hands of elected legislators. The closest I've seen is legislation that is worded to the effect "notwithstanding any other provisions of this section, this does not give the Department of Foo the authority to prosecute crimes covered under (b) above where the estimated damage is less than $5,000". Basically it's a "we told you to do this generic thing, but that doesn't mean this is included in that". > Push anyone far enough and they'll take their own life. Perhaps, but many, many people have been in situations such as Aaron's and not killed themself, so it's warranted to at least ponder if there was something else going on than a mean prosecutor. And here we don't have to wonder, it's been reported already that there was a lot of depression involved. More to the point, why did he keep taking specific action to evade the feeble roadblocks the admins managed to put up in front of him before he finally just hooked his laptop to a switch? Why did he ignore the Terms of Use statements when he started off on the Wifi MIT network? Guys, aaronsw was wicked smart, he was undoubtedly at least vaguely aware of there being a Federal law covering "computer crime". It's far easier to believe that he felt he was doing the right thing despite the law than to believe he was completely unaware. Aaron was never, even in our most paranoid fantasies revealed true with this case, in danger of actually spending 35 years in prison for this case. Those who feel otherwise do not understand the U.S. Federal legal system. I would like to think Ed understood this when he wrote his original comment; I remember reading his comment at the time, and the only impression I got was that Aaron "dun goofed" and needed to skip to the part where he gets his light sentence. But that was under my assumption that even failing a jury trial with a strict judge couldn't result in more than a couple of years in prison. 6-8 months is not "major" prison time by any reasonable definition of that term. Using upper limits only for theoretically possible court sentences is the same tactic the RIAA/MPAA uses to characterize copyright infringement damages, and it's just as much of a propaganda tactic in support of aaronsw as it is in support of those clowns. :quote: In the abstract he had very valid points, but in the context of that specific thread I think he did a pretty effective job at convincing people that * Aaron did something wrong * JSTOR backing out doesn't really mean anything * the prosecution is justified in trying to make an example of him * Aaron probably won't serve serious time, this is just a scare tactic :/quote: All but one of those are correct though. Why is this a bad thing? Even the one that isn't (point 3) is close to an accurate recital of one of the goals of the U.S. justice system (to deter crime by making the perceived risk of conviction unacceptably high). > Have you been in prison? I've been in a submerged metal tube for some number of months. In many respects it's a worse environment than prison (though I can at least vouch for my fellow "inmates"). No email, no internet, no sleep, the stupid periscope watch with hydraulic oil dripping on your face. Of course, I chose to do that. I would think that aaronsw knew that some nominal prison term would be a possibility of the choices he made, but I can only speak for myself. Well for a legal prosecutor "legally wrong" is the point that matters (and it's this way for a very important reason). Likewise the state prosecutes in some situations even if the "victim" doesn't want to press charges, as the responsibility of the state extends far beyond just the party that was allegedly wronged. I've mentioned it elsewhere but it's well enough to reiterate: Even know we know that there was a plea offer actually on the table for a 6-8 month prison sentence, even with the failure of the legal fund drive for Aaron. That is not "serious time", is well in line with first-time offenders where the offender doesn't cause major damage, etc. Aaron didn't want to accept the offer because he would still be a "Felon", but that was his choice to make. And also, as I've mentioned elsewhere, many, many people have faced Federal charges and not killed themselves. It was only 50 years ago that poor sharecroppers were having fire hoses turned on them, flaming crosses, and being strung up and killed for simply trying to be judged on their actions. So I would like to think we can maintain perspective on what types of government abuse might reasonably lead to someone taking their own life, and then look at what was going on here , and honestly compare. And what's more, it's entirely possible to feel that Aaron's actions actually were wrong and yet still feel that the prosecution was overbearing. You're basically saying that the ends justify the means. You may believe that (we probably all do, for some ratio of ends:means) but please keep in mind that the legal system does not believe that in general, as that logic has often been perverted in our history. > The expert witness that was working with the defense states that JSTOR did not require passwords from computers on MITs network The problem with this logic is that it assumes the content hoster has the responsibility to actively keep attackers away. Sure, it's a great idea, but is it really their duty to stop from being victimized? If a bank left their assets in the middle of the lobby they'd be stupid, but it would still be theft on the part of the robber when it inevitably gets stolen. Bradley Manning was claimed to be a suicide risk and thereby placed on suicide prevention watch, under conditions so severe that the military judge overseeing the case later gave a reduction on any eventual sentence based on his initial treatment. So no matter what you do you're apparently going to make somebody very unhappy. Heymann's actions were unpalatable, but it's based on its own merits (using high-pressure tactics more appropriate for drug lords), not because someone else claimed he might later kill himself. Either way, Good was Swartz's own attorney, not a psychiatrist. What I find much more concerning is that plea deal involving no jail time had been reached, and fell apart because of MIT. a) Why was MIT concerned that he serve time behind bars, and b) Why did the prosecution care that much what MIT thinks? > I think a big difference with prison is that prison is not voluntary I tried to note that, but to be more clear: If you voluntarily take actions, over a long period of time, that involve the possibility of prison as a direct consequence of those actions, then I don't think you get to act completely surprised or indignant. It's the reason I didn't complain too much (then or now) about my "plight"; as you say, I chose to be there. > And people that attach computers to the public internet absolutely do need to be treated as responsible for the information that those computers transmit. If they want to claim that they intend to limit access to the information, they need to take meaningful steps to actually put limits in place. That goes entirely against the principles on which activists claim the Web is based on. Instead of a democratic network where anyone with an IP address can fire up an httpd and be (in theory) just as equal as any other DNS entry, you're saying there needs to be technical measures put in place to enforce an "honor code". What's next, DRM on mp3 files? But either way, they and MIT both took many "meaningful steps" against aaronsw, and he sidestepped every one. > I don't mean to say that there should be no recourse in situations where intended access is exceeded, I mean that the bar for a 30 year felony needs to be a little higher than "we didn't intend for our system to be accessed in that manner". Luckily, 30 years wasn't the sentence in question, even with the heavy-handed prosecution in place, and what transpired was more than "our system was accessed once in an unintended fashion". So the bar probably does need to be moved, but it's not as if he simply wandered near the wrong Wifi hotspot and accidentally mirrored a website... > He could only get the 6 month (rather than 35 years) prison sentence by waiving his right to a fair trial. If he willingly engaged in a jury trial and somehow still got convicted, with a strict judge, and a jury that hates him, and an incompetent defense, he still wouldn't get anything approaching a 35-year sentence. Is it really too much to ask to not use hyperbole for matters as serious as this? You could just as well be saying that the taxpayers are paying for Sandra Fluke to have sex. Please, please, I'm begging you all: By setting up an echo chamber and inventing your own "facts" and then taking action based on that made-up dream world, you're just as wrong as "the other side". > If these numbers are really all just meaningless and in "reality" he was really only looking at...a year? why is it that nobody, even sources like Lessig, seem to be saying this. Because it goes in opposition to the worldview they're trying to push...? Everyone has a bias, you, me, Dr. Lessig, aaronsw, the prosecutors, EVERYONE. It's like when the music/movie industry tries to claim that an illegally copied media file costs them hundreds of thousands in damages. In this case you could theoretically get to 35+ by taking up all the charges, handing down sequential sentences (as opposed to the more-normal concurrent sentences), and somehow making all of those individual sentences go to the upper range of the permitted scale. I and a few others have been trying to point out that 35 years in prison was never an actual option for some days now but I think it's kind of gotten lost in the storm... He was never in danger of being locked away for half his life even on the revised trumped-up charges. Please read http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5063435 as it's a well-sourced comment, unlike mine. And unlike normal whistleblowers, he wasn't even aware of the contents of the vast majority of classified material he exfiltrated. Even at the level of "oh those are just diplomatic cables", those cables could just as easily have been "we need to focus on these nuclear weapons assemblies in Fooistan next" and tip off Islamist elements as to where to find their first dirty bomb, as of gossip about Berlusconi. He can't even be pardoned; the charges were dropped. Even if the charges were somehow still in effect, the proper thing to do would be to have the charges dropped entirely. A pardon implies guilt, it simply commutes the sentence of the convicted. Maybe they could, I don't know, filter out requests from certain malicious MAC addresses? Start dropping packets from the wrong IP address? Surely that would suffice, right? > Was the prosecutor supposed to follow Aaron around 24/7 and physically stop him from hurting himself? I think the prosecution was simply supposed to not charge him at all because despite the fact that aaronsw's actions would have led to any other random computer geek being arrested with nary a second thought on HN, this computer geek is more deserving. After all, he's just trying to "do the right thing". Hell, in fact the prosecutor should be ashamed of daring bring any charge against someone who only went out of his way to visit some other campus than his own, evade a 1-file-at-a-time control, evade an IP ban, evade a MAC ban, evade a Wifi ban, and hide his face while trespassing in an unlocked server room, where the only reason he even got caught at all was because he simply wouldn't give up . Next thing you know they'll probably start ticketing jaywalkers. Even the Granick analysis you quoted earlier came to "over a year" for the probably guideline calculation, not 35 or 50. And it never talked about additional charges adding to the sentence in the "sentencing" portion. She did talk about each additional conviction adding to the maximum possible sentence for a plea bargain, but then said that the guideline calculation is still the same. She linked a PDF of hers, and I tried to read it, but ironically it requires HTTP authentication to some journal archive which I haven't paid for and don't have access to. I've also tried going through the 2011 Federal sentencing guidelines to confirm what you gleaned from Granick, but to be honest they're too byzantine for me to get through in a few minutes with no training. I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm not sure how you got from Granick to what you're talking about here. Perhaps I missed a linked article from the site hosting her original article? Either way I don't see how it would make sense to credit '# of charges' alone in sentencing as it is well-known that in general the prosecution has to bring all charges it can prove related to the case, if only because of double-jeopardy. It's the same way I understood it as well. In fact, it's the only reason I can see that the prosecution could proceed at all without JSTOR's support, is under the idea that the prosecution is responsible for the state's interests and not only the victim's. > Sure, the legislation won't go anywhere if you go out of your way to make it seem like a one-party issue. And to pile on, it's hardly only GOP members who believe in "personal responsibility". But that doesn't let overzealous prosecutors off the hook anyways. Well with "real" real estate, there are properties that we say as a society are too important/notable/what-have-you to allow to simply be bought and sold like chattel. Between war graves, historical monuments, disaster memorials, etc. there are lots of ways we've found to set aside property to commemorate. Despite the giant asshole I must sound like in the other threads I have really enjoyed the aaronsw writings I've been pointed to in the fallout from all of this, and I think that Winer's proposal could make a fine start to a suitable online memorial for Aaron. If we can deliver IP over pigeon there has to be a way to at least set aside a DNS entry and coordinate hosting amongst the many who would volunteer for it. But why wouldn't that be part of the sentencing calculation? Let's say I get charged under, say, 100(c), with elements of proof [A, B, C] and 100(d) with elements of proof [D, E, F]. They convict me on all of A, B, C (and therefore find me guilty of violating 100(c)). They find I actually broke D and E too, but not F, therefore I'm not guilty on 100(d). If D and E are related to 100(c) why should a judge not take that into consideration? The jury confirmed those elements of the charge were true beyond a reasonable doubt. I have heard from somewhere that judges may consider elements that were not confirmed by the jury as long as there's still a preponderance of evidence to support. That could be an issue I suppose, if you suspect the judiciary is on average corrupt. But even that still passes the "common sense" test IMHO. Either way, what I got from Granick was that the worst element of the sentencing calculation by far was the loss calculations (which could essentially easily be "blank check"ed by MIT), not that the judge is allowed to consider related conduct proven by the defendant. There's no level above GS-15 per se, but there is a higher tier of civil servant called SES (Senior Executive Service), which is approximately equivalent to Admiral/General-level rank in the military. I believe the pay for SES and above (e.g. appointed officials) is defined by what's called the Executive Schedule. > As for the Polanski case, that's a tough call If he might re-offend it's really not a tough call at all. If everyone is reasonably convinced he won't re-offend is where it gets tough. The problem is that the laws have to be almost impossibly vague. In just a few years we move from Sun RPC to DCOM/ActiveX to XML to SOAP to various SOA web standards onward to REST APIs/Ajax/etc. etc. That's why the law leaves it couched in terms unlikely to change (like "authorized access", "intentionally" doing something, etc.) and leave the charges to be considered in light of the totality of what went on. Would a jury convict on typing in one URL, realizing it gave access to an admin panel and just leaving the site immediately? Hopefully not... Would a jury convict on building a screen-scraper that steals the password for users by incrementing ID's on a URL that wasn't public but wasn't properly secured? I would think so. Sometimes the circumstances of the case matter more than the law itself. Does viewing videos of cats make your employer money? If you've already delivered what they paid you for today then go home and watch the videos there in your pajamas, if they're not paying you for your time. > That's precisely what Swartz's defense team has pointed out Perhaps Swartz should have chose smarter lawyers then, because he wasn't charged with "hacking" but with "intentional unauthorized access" and other similar things. It's not as if he accidentally logged onto an open Wifi and accidentally downloaded terabytes of information from JSTOR, they specifically blocked Swartz's machine multiple times. They may not be trying to keep everyone out but they were definitely trying to keep Swartz out (and they didn't even know it was Swartz until he was arrested). For ours laws that can be clarified then by all means let's get those clarified. By what I mean by almost impossibly vague is things like even basic elements of the CFAA. There have been debates up and down HN, Reddit, and across the web about whether logging onto a website that uses laughably poor authentication schemes even counts as "unauthorized access". If a specific-enough term like "unauthorized access" can lead to so much controversy in practice then yes, I don't see how one could argue that a legal code could simultaneously encompass all reasonable aspects of computer technology, in the present and future, and still not be at least somewhat vague. It's the principle of indirection applied at a legal level. "What does unauthorized access mean? Well, I guess that's for the specific judge to hash out and the specific jury to decide" They don't have to be unique. MIT/JSTOR wouldn't have really cared about accidentally blocking people unfortunate enough to share Aaron's MAC address. And, the MAC address would have been perfectly reliable had Aaron not spoofed it. With enough resources it's practically impossible to provide reliably unforgeable credentials without strong crypto, and strong crypto goes against the whole point of MIT's open network. To be clear, I wasn't the one who made the comment regarding whether the laptop should have been discovered within 15 minutes. But in general, it does an individual who was trespassing (in this case, on a network) no good to complain that other people were allowed in. There are exceptions to that for MIT since it's a university, but given that Aaron was both white and male, I don't think he'd have been able to play the minority discrimination card. Yes, that's correct. In fact, pretty much any modern design that's available for purchase will be a couple of orders of magnitude safer (at least regarding decay heat removal) than the designs currently operating in the U.S. That would be a great step. It wouldn't have completely helped Aaron (who was also saddled with wire fraud and computer fraud charges), except that it may have reduced the "loss" calculation enough to not trigger the CFAA provisions. It's never new information. Reality has been a harsh, harsh mistress for decades and decades now. It's what makes debating with ideological idealists so contentious IMO. There's no way to convince them to settle for anything other than "what's right", even if the only way to get to that state is to first settle for gradually less-wrong states in between. Even RMS had the pragmatism to start developing GNU on a proprietary OS with proprietary tools. Double jeopardy (the U.S. Constitutional guarantee against being charged with the same crime twice) basically requires that the prosecutors bring every viable charge that they feel they have the evidence to support for a given single crime. The flip side to this is that sentences are normally given concurrently, or simply based on the most serious charge actually found guilty of during the trial. In fairness to the prosecution, pushing for the same exact sentence that the defendant refused to accept on a "gracious" plea bargain is poor economic policy. If the plea bargain sentence is really sufficient then there needs to be incentive to take the plea. 7 years is far less than the maximum sentence so she's still correct in saying they didn't push for the maximum (pending other evidence that might come out). Except that the statement is true. Even the worst case of actual sentencing threats that have come out so far have been in the range of 7 years if the case went to trial, not 35 or 50. They should both be required reading for those interested in the aaronsw case IMHO. There's a reason the consensus about the case (even on HN!) before Aaron's suicide was so wildly different from the current witchhunt, and the reason is contained in those two Kerr writeups. > Instead, it has taken the expedient way of making everything illegal unless explicitly allowed That is not at all true and hyperbole does not help anyone's argument. It's not the job of the prosecutors to only prosecute those who could individually threaten democracy all by themselves. No offense but it's hard to call this "selective". If Aaron had simply given up during one of the first few roadblocks put up that would have been the end of it. No calls to the police, no charges, no nothing . MIT didn't even know it was Swartz until he stupidly re -entered the network closet for the second (or third?) time and finally got caught by the police that MIT had to make special arrangement to have standing by. If you make yourself the object of a inter-agency sting operation then it's a pretty fair bet that there might just be charges coming en route when you get caught. Yes we did. We had one when Aaron Swartz was still alive but on charges. The consensus was pretty much that he'd finally actually done something legitmately illegal, so if people here really were that worried about felony this vs. misdeameanor that, or the legal process in general, then they'd had plenty of time to do something about it. > a moral or patriotic individual has a civic duty, in a democratic society, to disregard or oppose rules and laws which they believe to be immoral or wrong No offense but if you believe that only thing binding on people is moral imperatives, then you don't believe in a democratic society, you believe in something closer to an anarchical one. The whole point to a democratic society is that the people set the rules, but there are still rules. You're talking about something else. Ah yes, the flipside of the normal rule of law, where it only gets directed at the poor. Now you're saying it's OK to mug someone, as long as they're rich and wouldn't have really needed the money anyways. Are you sure that every article behind the JSTOR paywall was 100% publically funded? That's one question I've never heard the answer to. Not to mention, let's say we're talking about stuff funded by the U.S. taxpayers... are you sure they would want those scientific articles to be freely available outside the U.S.? Similar questions apply to things funded by the U.K., France, etc. Who gets to make that choice? In Aaron's world, he anointed himself Caesar and said that he gets to do so... > There is no innate right to wall off a chunk of human heritage and claim ownership, even though lobbying power and money have distorted the balance of power substantially. That I agree with, along with our problems with the public domain and copyright reform. I just don't like the reasoning couched in language about how much benefit a particular party has obtained. E.g. we might decide that copyright period of, say, a year is hurtful and should be extended because overall (or on average) not enough benefit is obtained overall for those with copyright protection, causing an overall hurtful effect to society. But we wouldn't base that decision just on party A or B. I understand you may simply have been using a specific example to speak for the general principle though, and if that's the case I apologize for jumping on your argument like that. Don't get me wrong, I'm not at all a fan of the system setup by Elsevier et al. There's a lot that can and should be done to overhaul and scale back our system of copyright and other "intellectual property" to work better for the progress of society. I'm just also not a fan of the concept of "the ends justify the means". You should read up on this too then. His lawyers did manage to extract a plea deal with no jail time, but then MIT wouldn't sign off on it. Let's be specific, are you trying to claim that Aaron stood a small chance at actually be sentenced to 35 years, or are you just talking about jail time at all? > Judges don't have to respect plea agreements or prosecutor's promises to the defendant This is only up to a certain point though. Plea bargains can be made conditional on the sentence not exceeding a certain limit. It's not even nefarious. What else is she supposed to say about the sentence when charges are initially filed? She can't say what a judge will do. She can't say what sentence the defense team might argue for. She can't even necessarily give a formal pronouncement of what she might argue for as that could tamper with negotiations between the prosecution and defense attorneys! The only factual statement you can make about the charges when they're filed to give an impression of the seriousness is the statutory maximum, so-and-so can face up to X years in prison based on these charges. I swear it sounds like a lot of the people here are either blissfully unaware of legal cases in general or are deliberately being hyperbolic now that it suits them. The former you can blame on ignorance I suppose, but the latter is disgusting. > her office absolutely threw the book at a kid for downloading some PDFs. And repeatedly going around network blocks in order to obtain those PDFs... No, his option was to see what he'd get at trial, where the sentencing would be dependent on which crimes he was convicted for, which elements of other crimes the jury felt he infringed (without being enough to be guilty overall of the charge). Had the prosecutors gotten convictions on each group of charges they filed they would have pushed for 6-7 years (they have to, otherwise why take the plea?). The Federal sentencing guidelines would have recommended a sentence in the range of 1-2 years (according to Jennifer Granick of all people, who is decidedly not a fan of what happened to Aaron Swartz). The final sentence would have been up to the judge but given the circumstances (rich; white; well-respected; first-time offense; relatively innocuous as far as effect) it's extraordinarily unlikely he would have received more than the FSG (and if he did, it would help out his case immensely on appeal). > for pleading guilty to liberating information. If liberating information is his goal, why wouldn't he be proud and honored to wear that particular Scarlet Letter? Do you think those branded by the Nazis for guarding Jews would be anything other than proud to show to their children and grandchildren the living proof of their taking a righteous stand when others were afraid? That might be true if it wasn't for the fact that every. single. set. of charges files gets a similarly-worded press release. "So and so was charged with violations of foo, bar, and baz today, if convicted on these charges he faces a fine of up to $X00,000 and Y years in prison". Dr. Lessig knew it too. In fact he knew that Aaron had been offered a plea, and knew that the jail time must not have been too extensive because he knew that the reason Aaron would not take the deal is that it would involve pleading guilty to a felony. I don't want to accuse Dr. Lessig of bad PR though, as much as using the same wording the prosecution uses (although it's no secret how Dr. Lessig feels about this case). The alternative to plea bargaining is generally that everyone convicted gets sentences in line with the Federal Sentencing Guidelines. No one ever seems to believe this but the intention is for there to be a better result for both sides. I'll admit that dropping the option of plea bargains would less to lower conviction rates (though this is not necessarily a good thing, depending on your mindset). However should Aaron's case have gone to trial it's very likely IMO that it would have lead to a conviction and you really would be talking about anywhere between 1-7 years in prison instead of 4-8 months. That sword cuts both ways. You personally may have destroyed any credibility amongst the general public that this "cause" ever had. It quickly went from improving the legal system in the wake of the untimely suicide of Aaron Swartz to a frothing Internet lynch mob, complete with Guy Fawkes masks and now "doxxing" Federal prosecutors just like the mafia dons and drug lords of 25 years ago. If you're trying to relate CFAA reform with kingpins and crime lords in the public mind, you've started off on the right foot! It really is a great read, and it shows the other side of the story: When there was very little, if any, idea of computer crime enforcement in the Federal government. Back then there was an a hacker running amok on the Berkeley (yes, that Berkeley) network. Even when they managed to prove that the hacker was coming from overseas (definitely making it a Federal case) they were met with a big giant MEH from everyone they talked to. FBI didn't handle it. USSS didn't care. And on and on it went, until they managed to drag the government (and other parties besides) kicking and screaming into helping them out. Or a bum-standard card reader. The DoD CAC is actually supported on Linux too (w/ Firefox) if you know the right incantations. We have Aaron's own manifestos and his own actions besides the MAC spoofing to establish intent. Trying to seriously claim otherwise requires a special brand of word-wrangling and doublespeak, a brand that might entitle you to a job at the Boston U.S. Attorney's office, if the other comments here are any indication. That's just it. The response wasn't at all disproportionate. That's why, before aaronsw killed himself, the highest-rated comment on HN about Aaron being arrested and starting a legal fund was, to paraphrase: You broke it; You bought it. Nothing about the evidence of what he did has changed significantly since. Substantially the same charges are on the books, pretty much the same evidence, the same political manifesto on display. The only difference between then and now is that Aaron broke his own neck and a bunch of armchair lawyers and legislators magically popped out of the woodwork of HN (where were they before he killed himself?). Is that what this has turned into? It's now OK to invade and do what you want on a computer network, as long as the security is feeble enough? The response of the prosecutors was right in line with the law as it stands. Although it's surprising that MIT refused to buy off on a plea deal with no jail time, it's hardly new for a victim to want someone to "smell concrete" to think over what they did. There's a lot that can be done in response to this such as Kerr's suggestions about modifying CFAA to make it much more difficult to fall into felony provisions, increased awareness of the crippling effects of depression, and more. But acting like the prosecutors were on some special kind of witch hunt for Aaron is silly (read Kerr if you haven't already). Why wouldn't a reasonable person have expected that the law applies as equally to the rich white kid from HN as it did to the "computer hackers" who came before him in the decades that CFAA has been on the books? Actually pointers are a sore spot. Of course we have `restrict` in C (and not C++, for some strange reason) but it leaks elsewhere too, like qsort. Of course your main point still holds (you could write macros that implement your container without void* everywhere) but I feel those are the issues where a HLL is most likely to outperform a naïve C implementation (since it would take gyrations to most efficiently implement the same in C). > The democratic process for change in the US is long dead. Aaron had powerful enemies in Washington. No one even knew it was Aaron until he finally was arrested. Give it a break. Inasmuch as the crowd you choose to fit into can correlate with other behaviors it may be perfectly reasonable to make objective biases based on appearance (verbal or otherwise). When push comes to shove and you need to actually decide what your assumption is, you're going to assume something, it may at least have the best possible shot at being accurate. Even Jeff Foxworthy would often joke that he wouldn't want to be operated on by someone who talks like he does. > This week, at least, the lawyers' worldview was proven wrong and the hackers' worldview was proven right, in both the empirical and moral senses of the terms. Let's hope that continues. I've seen more prevaricating (and sometimes outright lying) this week from the hackers than from the lawyers so I, for one, hope that the lynch mob ceases immediately. > Motivation is an important aspect of any crime, and prosecutors should be looking for appropriate sentences, not the harshest one they can make stick. I don't think the prosecutors here would disagree. That's why sentences are pushed for (on both sides) based on what the motive behind the crime was. There was a plea bargain on the table for no jail time, which MIT rejected, and then later some number of months in jail. Given that "Swartz faces up to 50 years in prison if convicted on all charges" was the latest maximum sentence it is very hard indeed to argue that the prosecutors were trying to get the harshest sentence. The thing they were really trying to do was not have the trial, which is something I would expect them to do given the structure of the legal system. > Furthermore, if you have such a problem with this property why don't you make an offer to the property owner and buy it? Maybe he pays taxes exactly because he expects that the government would do their job? No one person can buy up every piece-of-shit property and clean it up, that's the whole point of foisting that shit job (and it's certainly a shit job) on the government Accountable for what exactly? It would be one thing perhaps if it was people selling weed out of their room but meth labs are actively dangerous. Crack dealers are not "nice people", they are generally well-armed and their customers are not always white Wall St. execs, they often are criminals (other-than-drug) themselves and that can endanger other motel guests, neighboring homes and businesses, and more. Just because you believe there's nothing wrong with using drugs doesn't mean that current drug dealers are perfectly savory characters. In fact reverse engineering is probably a strategic mission for them so I wouldn't expect China to criminalize it or anything close. The Soviets were famous for cloning a WWII bomber (B-29) based on just 3 samples that had emergency landed in Soviet territory during WWII. Life is full of tough choices though. Unless the end game for all time is supposed to be meth labs in every fourth room something had to change. I would ask if the owner bothered to get the police involved but I suspect people will just tell me that the government is evil, why would he call the police, and other such statements. :P * "Aaron was just violating TOS" * "They were pushing for 35/50 years in prison" * "This is just like using my neighbor's Wifi" * "They were trumping up charges to make an example of Aaron" (before you downvote, read Kerr's posts). * "They were aiming for harshest possible sentence" * There was also the very nice individual who doxxed Ortiz, who I'm sure is a fine representative of all that is right with hacktivism. And on and on. And in the meantime there has been very little commentary over the major (not only, but major) cause of this (untreated depression), presumably because that doesn't play into the agenda. Likewise there is little discussion on ways to amend CFAA to make it better-aligned with what we intuitively feel would be appropriate (because in the hacktivist mold the only good change would be to repeal CFAA entirely). Feel free to say I'm seeing it wrong, but I don't think I am. > Trying to throw every possible crime at someone no matter how tenuous in order to extort a plea bargain or get just one to stick to improve your prosecution record is an obvious distortion of the original intent of the system. Except that a grand jury has to sustain that the charges are at least "better than tenuous". Once the case is resolved one way or the other the defendant can't be tried for it again (Constitutional 'double jeopardy') so the prosecutors have to bring any charges that can hold up (this is why Federal sentencing is wonky as well). > Avoiding trials altogether because of the structure of the legal system is the wrong approach. Improving the expediency by which the legal system can provide justice is the right approach. Uh, plea bargains are the #1 way the system is made more "expedient", you can't have your cake and eat it too. Feel free to continue putting words into my mouth about "sanctioning miscarriage of justice" though. > So basically, charge someone with something ridiculous, and then be offer a sweet sweet deal, such as "only 6 months jail time and confess to 15 felonies. Oh and if you want to go trial it will cost you and your family years of drama, all your savings, and risk 50 years in prison". The charges weren't ridiculous. If Aaron wanted to avoid the trial he could simply have avoided repeatedly breaking into MIT's open network to access JSTOR. The charges (even the amended ones) were approved by a grand jury. The prosecutors were never pushing for 50 years in prison. See, this is all part of what I complained about in my other comment about prevarication. But either way, the point is kind of moot. Aaron chose to be in that situation, they didn't change the legal code just to suit him. Taking the plea would have been the smart thing but he was never under any obligation, as the sentence he would get in a jury trial would be based on the Federal sentencing guidelines (and his expensive attorneys could tell him that too). Regarding the Sixth Amendment, plea bargaining is one of the tools used to ensure that those who do need jury trials have a chance at getting them expeditiously (or do you really think that Google really has a 5GB hard disk partition sets aside for everyone with a GMail account?). > As for depression, the federal case is the only part that is any of our business If by "business" we mean keeping our brightest minds around to drive progress on the difficult issues of our times then we absolutely must take a holistic view. If by "business" we simply mean advancing the goals of hacktivism then a focus on depression would certainly not help, I agree. Oh look, I can find a convenient mouth piece too (one who has defended a famous CFAA case, no less): http://www.volokh.com/2013/01/14/aaron-swartz-charges/ http://www.volokh.com/2013/01/16/the-criminal-charges-agains... You might instead argue that the law is ridiculous (e.g. I would agree that Swartz's conduct is not serious enough to warrant a felony conviction). You might argue that there were certainly other cases which were more deserving of a U.S. prosecuting attorney's time (though I don't know how we would confirm or refute that). But the charges themselves are well supported by the indictment. > Forcing plea bargains I'm not sure that we agree on the meaning of the word "forcing". > Other countries get by just fine without plea bargains. Yes, I'm often reminded of how pathetic the United States is. But with that in mind those other countries have different concepts of the legal system (the vision of what it accomplishes, the policies, everything). I'm not here to claim that the U.S. legal system is 100% appropriate to the task, but instead that the prosecutors are going to the job with the resources that they have. If Congress significantly reduces the category and criteria of what counts as crimes by getting rid of the stupid stuff then great, but that's not the system the prosecutors are in now. > Maybe we could get expedience by, you know, focusing prosecution effort on serious crimes or ones that actually have victims. Do you have any specific cases in mind involving serious crimes or crimes with more deserving victims (since apparently MIT doesn't count) that were not prosecuted due to the resources needed being assigned to the Swartz case? > You might want to read up on how plea bargaining is viewed in other countries. Please don't take this the wrong way but I don't operate my life based on opinion polls. If I'm right, then I'm right, and if I'm wrong (which is certainly possible) it won't be because Bjørn and Herr Müller have different opinions about what plea bargaining is and is not, it will be because I'm wrong. What I can't understand is that you seem to think that it is simultaneously true that law enforcement can fully investigate these kinds of criminal activity without at least the tacit awareness of the owners, and that the owners can somehow convince the crime lords that they would have had nothing to do with law enforcement's later arrests (especially given the coffeehouse you mention). So sure, criminals are dangerous. I completely agree. But it is not incumbent on the rest of society to "sit there and take it" because the building owner is in a difficult spot. No matter what gets done to advance the situation from there the building owner will have tough problems to face. But in this particular situation everyone knew there was crime going on there, so this is one of the very few owners who'd be able to say with a straight face that it's not like he tipped the cops off if he wanted to work them. > If it wasn't then this motel would be the only one, instead it is one of a series, and they all have the same issues. And the same solutions, one would imagine. I'm not at all saying it's an easy problem to fix, I just don't see how "do nothing" is a valid member of the "possible solution" set. Appeal to authority. I at least bothered to respond with arguments at all (both mine and links to Olin Kerr's), and I did so without reciting high school debate knowledge under the assumption that HN readers are smart enough to figure out the difference between debating tactics and logical argument. You have responded with a doubling-down of the appeal to authority, as if it would really be that unusual for a judge interested in a case which has lit the Internet and media on fire for a whole week now to get her name out there as well. In fact, the very article you linked calls it a "chorus of criticism". Oh, and a couple of clichés. On the other hand, I did respond to the opinion you linked in by linking in other opinions. Yay, opinion war, go me. I will say thanks for the article though, as even your talking head confirms that the 35-year sentence was never going to happen (and by extension, the 50-year sentence I must assume). If Stamos's blog post was any indication I don't think it would have been much help to Swartz. I say this only because his points were of the form "It was so easy to get around MIT's weak security that you can hardly call it hacking", but Swartz wasn't charged with "hacking", he was charged with wire fraud, computer fraud, unauthorized access, etc., and these are not charges that go away just because it was easy to do. His testimony would certainly have been very helpful if it came to a sentencing phase but during the trial he would have been all but confirming that Aaron did indeed get around the feeble MIT and JSTOR blocks on him, and that's much of what the prosecution would have needed to prove right there. It would be like that if no one knew that jaywalking carried felony charges, but it's not as if CFAA is a new law, or that there haven't been at least a dozen or so other famous hackers fall afoul of it. Given that aaronsw seemed to know pg, it would stand to reason that he'd at least heard of rtm, (convicted under CFAA and also a Y Combinator co-founder). I never said it wasn't discussed, I said there has been very little discussion. And either way, Bob Swartz is not exactly a disinterested party here. I've lost a child to SIDS. I can guarantee you as a fellow parent who has lost a child that being able to point a finger at some person or persons who are responsible feels much better. You lose a child to something like SIDS or depression and you feel helpless, just utterly helpless. What else do you expect him to say, "oh yeah, he seemed real withdrawn last time we talked but I guess I just didn't notice"? But looking from the outside, are we really supposed to conclude that someone who killed themself based on a 6 month prison sentence had nothing else going on inside? Do other men never have their parents die or become seriously ill? So MIT installed a security camera and pressed charges because they knew that when their unwanted network guest was finally unmasked, that it would be someone who had secretly been in touch with Julian Assange? The most religious people refuse personal profit and earnestly and honestly believe they are doing it for the "betterment of society". This is the logic that was used to colonize (er, "civilize") the "savages" of Africa and the Pacific. So no, I refuse to subscribe to the idea that because he felt that it was better for everybody that it was his job to force it on everyone else. You know what else the American colonists did to the English, right? They tarred and feathered them, burned down their houses, and many other forms of not-quite "civil" protest. And they did this in response to far worse transgressions than "those JSTOR assholes make me go to a public library to read this peer-reviewed literature I wouldn't know what to do with". I've worked with a 'felon'. Hacker News was co-founded by a 'felon' convicted under CFAA. The first one convicted, in fact, so if anything aaronsw had the advantage of having it proven before he did what he did that it could possibly result in felony charges. If that's really something he didn't want to have as a possibility, if he would really be so ashamed to be convicted of a "bullshit felony" then it makes you wonder why he went about his business the way that he did. If the law is as stupid as Aaron thought it was then he'd be able to wear the felon tag as a badge of pride. Not to mention a certain Private First Class currently undergoing court-martial at Ft. Meade, MD... What would a verbal warning have been useful for? He already knew his behavior was unwanted, and that's what verbal warnings are for. He wasn't stupid, so the verbal warnings wouldn't have been the first time that he learned that there were actual laws against unauthorized network access. Besides, what's there to warn him about, he's 100% right in what he was doing, wasn't he? To hear it from the hacktivists, he did nothing wrong (and so there's nothing to warn him about). If he did do something to warrant a warning then he was already past the point of needing one. While this would certainly be nice, it's actually illegal for NASA (or any government agency) to use additional funds for purposes that are handled by what's termed appropriated funds (the money that comes from Congress passing a government budget). There are non-appropriated fund activities in the government, but those are generally focused on a specific mission area. I'm not sure which NAFI's NASA might have that it would be able to use donated funds for, but I suspect this wouldn't be nearly as helpful as one might think. TRUE is going to be 1. The flag value might have the value 0x2, 0x4, 0xsomething_else, etc., which will not equal exactly 1 (TRUE). What you want varies but is probably something like: if (flag & FLAG_VALUE) ... if (flag) .... if ((flag & FLAG_VALUE) == TRUE) ... that kind of thing. > As it happens, there are companies making fortunes on internet, and their business largely depends on the contents that is created by others. This is particularly true with Google and the press industry. If you see it that way, it seems only fair that Google participate in paying the journalists producing quality content that makes people use their search engine and/or see their ads. Are you really trying to claim that Google largely depends on the content created by the press for their success? If so, wouldn't you also claim that projects which become famous solely because of link aggregators such as Reddit and HN should pay a monetary amount back to the link aggregator? Also, how do you account for the free services provided to the press industry to allow their content to be written? Does the press in France still pay sums to the Gutenberg estate and heirs? Either way even assuming your point is true, the response should be much simpler: If the journalist content is really that valuable to Google then have the publisher negotiate with Google directly for payment, or remove their content from Google and make them suffer. Cancer is kind of associated with long life span in general, even without external radiation flux, but there are other ways that radiation can be harmful. A given amount of radiation received is more likely to damage cells that quickly divide (especially gametes) and cells that have little or no provision for repair. So at relatively high levels of radiation you could well see that individual organisms tend to do well enough but have children with more birth defects, are more frail, have their vision deteriorate faster, etc. I'm not sure that the radiation levels even in the Chernobyl exclusion zone are high enough for that, necessarily, but there's unfortunately a pretty wide gulf between "no effect" and developing cancer. But was the OP talking about that? It sounded like he was complaining that music continued to play from somewhere after the one song was linked to finished. Indeed, great catch (this is why I use things like QFlags now, as it has a simple "testFlag" method) Very true, I just checked to see if I can edit but I can't, so mea culpa. > AT&T's intent isn't really relevant. The fact is, they published all of those emails publicly. They certainly didn't mean to, but I fail to see how accessing public websites can be considered a crime, even if you access lots of them when the company doesn't want you to. In the meatspace it happens all the time that you can get in trouble for being somewhere you're not supposed to even if they forgot to hit the locks on the way out. Or for a possibly more relevant example, what happens in real life if you find an ATM that has an error such that it gives you twice as much cash as you asked for? Is it still theft if you take it? (Hint: Yes) Should that equate to a felony here, where no authentication shenanigans were employed? I don't think so, but I wish we'd quit with the victim blaming here on HN. I also wish we'd separate the enforcability of something from its morality or legality. There's many, many minor things wrong that people can do that even the current state can't hope to fully enforce, but that doesn't make it right, it makes it a fact of life. But if you do somehow get caught doing something that 99% of the rest manage to get away with, shame on you. By the way, that ATM example wasn't made up: http://investorplace.com/2012/11/faulty-atm-gives-out-extra-... (the Bank opted not to try to find out which customers took the money, due to the difficulty with getting accurate evidence, not because it was right to take the money) What I really love is how they point to Aaron's wonderful piece on morality (and I mean this sincerely). Aaron points out that you can logically justify almost any evil if you think only of the overall good. Had I read the piece when it was posted I would have thought it was a call to figure out how philsophers (especially utilitarian philosophers) solve the dilemma of "the ends justify the means" in such a way that you wouldn't optimize for committing minor sins to effect major benefits. But based on hacktivism since, now I'm not so sure. Aaron seemed to fall into his own philosophical quandry, but if we assume that Aaron was justified in what he did then we could use the same logic to say that this defacement is justified as long it achieves some greater good. I personally don't agree with that logic, and I think it's because it tends to justify things like this defacement. Whenever you're lead by logic to a false conclusion it means either your logic wrong or your axioms were wrong. Now I'm almost confusing myself though; I'm not even sure what axioms we'd be using for this... You'll find that people will justify even that, as long as the target of vandalism is hateful enough. Or you could do what they did and find the free source data and correctly scan it in yourself. If the data is easy to find then Lexis and West aren't gateways. If the data is hard to find then why should they do the hard work of finding it and then give away the more-useful version for free? I don't like pepper, but I don't expect the pepper industry to disappear overnight. Or in other words, I don't know why your personal experience is relevant to the parent comment, there's entire entertainment industries that are funded by gossip and gossip alone so obviously there are people out there who would care about that kind of thing. HR isn't the concern. If it's public, anyone who gives a shit about that kind of stuff can find it, usually with just a simple focused Google search. It used to be that you had to hire a private detective to find dirt on people... I get that Google is going to make that easier but we don't have to go out of our way to help that along. :) This may seem weird but the government can't do it for free either. Do you think PACER (or something like it) would run itself with no resource investment whatsoever? If the government pays for it, it comes via taxes (which are very difficult to adjust as needed), debt (which is undesirable in general), or by levying duties on those affected (which is essentially the PACER model). The laws themselves can be found online (Gov't Printing Office, the Library of Congress's THOMAS, even the House of Representative has a legal code lookup website). If you're referring to case law, there's already not a lot you can do without having a lawyer interpret what it means for you in your specific situation, and your lawyer should already have access to the case law. I feel I should have the right to be able to drive my car as long as I prove I know the driving laws, but the government sure as shit made me pay for my updated driver's license last year. I pay for road maintenance every time I fill up my tank, but that gets washed into the whole transaction and so there's comparatively little outrage. It's actually addressed a bit in the article, when the author talks about the cognitive load of mixed messages. I think the point is that not everything in the inbox warrants being a "Todo". When you're done you have a list of action items to be accomplished, which isn't quite what you started out with. The difference between "free" and 10 cents is quite stark. That's the famous problem holding back microtransactions in general. We can't even fund things we all agree that we need via taxes at this point, like paying down the national debt. Right now the government budget is zero-sum, and this has been true for some years now. If you want something you get rid of something else, and while I'm sure there's many things we could find to pay for PACER from appropriated funds, the problem is getting enough of Congress to agree on that, and getting Congress to take the issue up at all (because given that PACER is already funded, changing the funding source really isn't a very important issue for them). "Kill them all; Let God sort them out" > What you call the "WordPress ecosystem" is really the "GPL ecosystem." If license terms can be arbitrarily separated in derivative works, the argument becomes far more important for enforcement of those terms as a whole. Well, I'd be careful with that. The open source project I contribute to (KDE) has quite a bit of GPL'ed code, but it also has quite a bit of other licenses in use, so it is certainly possible to have arbitrary licenses that make up a given single derivative work. If I understand Envato's argument correctly, they make derivative themes (and license the derivation under GPL), which has embedded hooks to allow for other content to be read in later. This other content (normally art or CSS?) is not necessarily licensed under GPL, because it is not considered by Envato to be derivative of WordPress content. To be honest I would side with Envato here. Linking khelpcenter (GPL) to kdelibs (LGPL) does not make kdelibs suddenly GPL'ed software, and using khelpcenter to display GFDL'ed documentation in an integrated fashion doesn't make khelpcenter suddenly GFDL'ed. The real question is whether the "additional content" is truly derivative or whether it is originated by Envato and then linked in (since GPL has provisions to allow linking in content with other licenses). Of course, maybe WordPress used a modified license to forbid linking, but then that wouldn't really be GPL, it would be something else. > Lately, the open source community's There is no "open source hivemind" so please don't disparage the millions of open source coders who will never make the frontpage of HN by lumping the entire conglomerate into one community. I use ack, but that's because it searches for the right file types, ignores source control directories automatically, and has pretty colors, not because it's find+grep. I actually had something similar myself, a shell function called findRE, the entire purpose of which was to automate searching a given path recursively for a given regex. However I used it so infrequently that whenever the need would arise, I would invariably screw up the order of the 2 (only 2!) arguments. I could have added support for --help, --usage or similar, but that seemed like overkill. I eventually just learned how to "properly" use find and grep (both of which I was already using anyways, which helped me remember the command line for each). With that said I do agree that I'd never use shell script or Unix userland on purpose when writing scripts that are intended to be portable across different Unices (or even Windows), that's the kind of thing I'd reserve for personal use on my own userland. Hell, even on one machine you never know with some distributions what kind of shell you'll login to by default... > I have the urge now to follow in Heather's footsteps, waste my own time, and write a version of sed in PHP. Or maybe Perl. The Perl guys beat you to it ;) (check the man page for the s2p program included with Perl. Might also be called psed). I didn't say that find couldn't ignore source control directories or find only specific file types. However, ack does that far better as it has a better semantic awareness of both concepts. I don't have to worry about updating my find command lines to account for new types of source code or source control folders in unfamiliar programs, I need only ensure that ack is kept up-to-date. I wonder how much it is worth to crack the root password that was left embedded in all the Barracuda devices even with the patch applied? Except by that logic, you could say that any user of a high-level language was really claiming (in the end) to be using assembly. C++ once compiled to C, but even then people wouldn't claim they were using C, they'd claim they were using C++. "I don't use C++ because it's C with 'classes', I use C++ because it sets up my vtables and overloaded functions" Didn't this exact type of problem just get posted to HN this morning? Likewise, I've been meaning to convert my local projects at some point and post them to one of the newfangled online git repos. I was going to use GitHub or Bitbucket to avoid saddling my crap on the git hosting I have available from the open source project I develop for, but now I'm not so sure GitHub is the best place for that. I don't mind the code being publically-accessible as the price for free hosting but I have no interest in being hounded about my personal scratch code either. I'm more afraid of the nebulous criminal underground or national entities than I am of Barracuda's competitors. I'm not referring at all to Bitcoin (or putting companies out of busines...), it's surely cheaper to just use available "cloud cracking" assets directly (which I'm also sure is already being done). Since it's apparently unclear, I'm not talking about taking action myself, but I will say that due diligence for any company using Barracuda hardware means that they should be asking the same question themselves. We'd run out of calendar days if we had a "solidarity day" made up everytime something like this happened. Relevant: http://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2004/03/19 This has actually been studied academically (the "online disinhibition effect"). Anonymity definitely seems to correlate with poor behavior, even if it's not a causal relationship. Exactly. Even when the money was made of gold, it was still worth exactly what people thought it was worth, nothing more or less. I should have mentioned in my comment what the comic did: It is anonymity + audience which is correlated, not anonymity alone. Although your anecdote is just as anecdoty as the comic author's anecdote... Good point, but I'm not sure that forced real name is really the same as "not anonymous" (despite Randi Zuckerberg's comments on the article). I.e. there's more you get from online anonymity than simply not having your name known. I could know someone is named John Smith for example, and that still wouldn't help me pierce his anonymity unless there were other distinguishing features (picture, phone number, etc.). > This limits the rate at which the real economy can grow I don't believe this is true if you allow speculation and credit in the economy. AFAIK even on the gold standard banks were not required to be able to satisfy every gold-backed bill they distributed out. Of course, it helps more than having no scarce item would, but if the problem continued then people would eventually shift to trade in something else while conserving their gold-backed currencies to pay government taxes. > I would expect at the least, American readers to be familiar with the "Continental currency" and its devaluation to 1% of it previous value Indeed, we're all taught in high school about things "not being worth a Continental" during the American Revolution. This doesn't really disprove my point though. No one believed in the government backing the Continental currency (for good reason as it turned out, the Articles of Confederation later gave way to the Constitution). You're saying gold is valuable, but again, it's because people give it value. Whatever contribution of value gold makes to our electronics is included in the component cost, you could as well be arguing that plastic, glue, or lithium is intrinsically valuable. And if we theoretically started finding gold nuggets in every square meter of soil in every home in America then guess what: the perceived value of gold would drop. This has happened throughout history: The Roman Empire switched to using gold coins instead of silver in response to an oversupply of silver being found in their new colonies. The finding of gold in the New World caused prices in Europe to shoot up as a result (people had more gold money to spend but the same amount of goods to buy, so the goods simply became more expensive). Gold, like _everything else_, is worth exactly what people think it is worth. > Even if there were an appropriate forum for such loathsome sentiments, hn is certainly not it. This behavior is the inevitable result of lynch mobs throughout history though. Rile up the people enough and stuff like this is a byproduct. Even in the American Revolution the people started off by torturing unpopular British officials by tar-and-feathering them. One can't have their cake and eat it too. "Win the lottery and you could receive up to $200 million!!! Buy your ticket today!!!" And yet we say the lottery is a tax on people who are bad at math... > You and your first world problems have NO IDEA how to fight for freedom. Why do you think "Freedom" is what they care about? They have decided what rules the rest of us are to live by, better just to get out of the way before the doxx you or take other vengeful retribution on you... As far as I understand them, the sentencing guidelines group related charges into a single charge. E.g. the "computer fraud" and "wire fraud" charges that are for some reason separate under CFAA would count as just one conviction under FSG. So even if we was convicted for 1 or 5 charges relating to the same underlying accusation you should still get the same recommended sentence. Since I'm not a lawyer I don't want to try to analyze further but there's also provisions about whether to make multiple sentences concurrent or sequential (which can also add time). You don't have to take my word about the maximum sentence though: Jennifer Granick was very critical of the U.S. Attorney's handling of the case and her estimate of the FSG recommendation (based on trumped-up loss calculations) was 1-2 years in prison. There is a reason to add charges though: It can make the jury more likely to convict by helping along their sense of "splitting the difference", makes the court of public opinion turn that much more against you, etc. You're right, I wasn't very clear. My point is that HN has been kind of a rallying point for some of the more intellectual opposition to anything and everything regarding how Swartz's case was handled (at least, once he killed himself). But all of the people calling for heads to figuratively roll need to be really careful about the effect of their rallying cries. Like "having one more drink" while carrying your car keys, decisions and actions made now can spiral out of anyone's control and lead to even more anguish down the road. Mob rule is very much a package deal, you don't just get to keep the good parts and disclaim all the rest. The prosecution wanted 6-7 years if it went to trial . According to Jennifer Granick the sentencing guideline (assuming trumped-up loss calculations) would have been on the order of 1-2 years. There were a couple of plea bargains on offer, the worst of which was 6-8 months. If it came to the judge+jury deciding it would likely have been on the order of 1-2 years. If we're going to use IRL analogies then what's the legal penalty for repeatedly breaking&entering 3-4 different times, and then for each time he broke the lock, { trespassing more a 100,000+ times, and stealing an item of little to no cash value 100,000+ times }? People keep acting like this was simply and only about some JSTOR articles, but this was about more than that, he was on a network that he didn't have permission to be on, and used the cloak of that network access to grab things of little to no value without permission, and he did this over a long period of time. Someone doxxed her right here on HN and suggested it would be a shame if people were to do something bad with that information. There's far worse than can happen as a result of this mob than losing her job. Manning is a Private First Class (E-3) in the U.S. Army, he's better off than someone in a ghetto I guess but he had no better socioeconomic standing than many other individuals who can commit computer crime. His infamy is due to the particulars of his case and because the hacktivists have latched onto him as a rallying point because of the association with WikiLeaks. Agreed! > I'm not that familiar with the US Justice process, and nothing in that sentence makes sense to me :-/ Basically in the U.S. justice system you have a right to trial by jury, but this is expensive for both sides, takes a lot of time (both for the prosecution and defense, but also for the jury itself), so typically both sides will engage in a process of plea bargaining. This is where the prosecution gives up on some things (such as their recommended sentence) in order to convince the defense not to pursue the trial by jury. Depending on the evidence involved (which hasn't been thrown out by the judge at this point) it may even be advantageous for the defense to pursue a plea bargain to try to get a reduced sentence on what looks to be an almost certain conviction. In this case there was an offer by the prosecution for a 6-8 month prison sentence plea bargain. However, if the prosecution really wants to avoid a jury trial then generally they'll argue for a longer-than-normal sentence should they win a conviction (because otherwise the defense would simply always settle for jury trial and hope for a "Hail Mary" that overturns the case on a technicality). So the prosecution had announced that they would argue for a sentence of 6-7 years (or so) should the trial go to a jury phase and convict Swartz. The "fair sentence" is independent of what the defense and prosecution think, and is determined by the Federal Sentencing Guidelines. It is based on these guidelines that Jennifer Granick estimated a sentence of 1-2 years, if convicted. In any event the actual sentence is determined by a judge, usually based on the sentencing guidelines (1-2 years) and biased up or down based on how convinced the judge is of the arguments presented by the prosecution and defense. It's hard to say exactly what the judge would do, it really just depends on the judge. As far as I know about Aaron, he wanted to plea bargain, but didn't want to plead to any charges that would make him a felon (but unfortunately the CFAA legal code is all "felonies" due to the way their maximum sentence is derived based on damages caused). > By "trumped up loss", do you mean that the prosecution exaggerated the loss of the MIT/JSTOR? It never got to that point, but basically the CFAA allows the victim to claim any costs that are reasonably associated with the crime committed by the suspect as damages. It's very open-ended, so you can claim damages even for functions you might ordinarily have been doing anyways. For example, if MIT has 3 network techs looking into the network intrustion then their wages could be claims as damages, even if MIT would have had those 3 on work that day anyways. JSTOR shut off MIT's access for a few days while trying to block Swartz so MIT can not only claim the pro-rated value of their JSTOR contract for the time it was down, but they can also claim damages for all of their scientists and researchers who were delayed or otherwise affected by the loss of JSTOR services, even if it really could have waited a few days. So that's what I mean by "trumped-up", the CFAA gives a very large book you can throw at the accused. > At last, why is the 6-8 months plea bargain offer the worse? I thought it was the best one offered... Way earlier in the case there had been a plea offer on the table that would have involved no jail time, but allegedly MIT did not buy off on that (this is kind of older data though I haven't seen anything refuting that). At the time Aaron killed himself there was apparently two different pleas, one where the prosecution would ask for 8 months but the defense could argue to convince the judge to reduce it, and another where the sentence was more "dialed-in". It escapes me what the differences between the two would have been in practice though, I'm not familiar enough with the private discussions (at least until those details get leaked out too) KDevelop has a very sophisticated C++ parser (duchain I think they call it) which even provides semantic information (e.g. you can syntax highlight pointers differently from objects, non-virtual method calls different from virtual, etc.) Example overview: http://zwabel.wordpress.com/2009/01/08/c-ide-evolution-from-... The 35 number was invalidated awhile ago anyways once the amended charges were filed (when the maximum sentence would theoretically be 50 years). So if you see 35 without qualification then they don't know what they're talking about. The judge could assign more than 2 years (if convicted on all or most charges) so I'd be careful against suggesting that was the likely sentence. Given that the prosecution had mentioned pushing for 6-7 years I'd use that as the worst-case upper bound with 1-4 being the most probable band. However, both previous cases involving CFAA and the particulars of Aaron in particular (who had no malicious intent toward MIT) seem to argue against prison sentences as long as 4 years being a possibility in this case, but that's just my opinion. Computer law, absolutely. But I'd be careful about the untrained tinkering with the justice system. A lot of the "features" it now sports are due to even worse corruption in the past. IMHO the best fix that could be done with the justice system is to simply decriminalize many existing classifications of "crime" that are essentially minor and victimless. Even what little Aaron did caused more harm than someone smoking pot in their home or consensual sexting with their 1-year-younger girlfriend. But I can't overstress enough how all of these failings (computer crime, harsh sentences on negligible offenses) lie at the hands of the legislature at large, not the courts. DUChain actually might even predate Clang from what I've been able to dig up today, but there's a few other points working against Clang supplanting it: 1. DUChain was designed to support multiple languages (since KDevelop does). E.g. there is work going on now to offer first-class JavaScript support in KDevelop, which libclang wouldn't help with. 2. No one has done the work to verify API/ABI compatibility guarantees, porting libclang into DUChain, etc. There's interest though: https://bugs.kde.org/show_bug.cgi?id=253650 https://bugs.kde.org/show_bug.cgi?id=172622 I think it's the Marines that have the saying: "Anything worth shooting, is worth shooting twice." Unless the judge points out some obvious mis-application of the prosecutor's legal logic then it shouldn't be unusual to "weigh an appeal" as the logic was supposed to have been sound enough to warrant the case in the first place. I didn't mention anything about the war on drugs. I'll spell out the analogy though: Anything worth trying once for, is worth trying twice for. > Isn't that what the judge just did in throwing out the case? Judges throw out cases on non-obvious reasoning all the time. E.g. "the prosecutor failed to consider the test used in this Circuit since U.S. v. Foo (2004) and therefore the charges are moot". His IP address and later his MAC address were blocked. The situation was analogous to walking into a public mall and then specifically being kicked out and told to not come back. Should you come back anyways it is trespassing despite being a public space. >>Judges throw out cases on non-obvious reasoning all the time. > And is that what happened in this case? I don't know, I haven't checked the details of the ruling. > Because it seems like in this case it was "obvious" that the government was trying to take this man's hotel because it had no mortgage, they expected him to have insufficient liquid assets to successfully contest a seizure and when law enforcement seizes assets they get the resale value added to their budgets. Oh sure, real obvious. I'm sure all $1 they'd be able to get for that property would really help boost their training budget... > One, he was part of an all but not understood minority to the rest of the population, a hacker. Two, it's routine to portray neutral hackers (our sense of the word) as evil hackers (everyone else's sense). His motives might have neutral but his actions were not, at least in this case. But either way, I wish we would all take a step back and critically examine why it is that it is so easy for 'hackers' to be portrayed negatively. Part of it is because "they don't understand", sure. But there's another large part, which is the feeling of helplessness. Computing controls more and more of everyone's life with each passing day. In the past people could take control of more of what was important to them. They could tweak with their car's engine and chassis, they could put money in the bank and feel reasonably safe it wouldn't have disappeared to some identity thief by the morning, they could go home secure in the knowledge that their work would physically be still sitting on their desk when they went back the next day. Now computers have taken over everything and there are very, very few people who actually understand what's going on. And when the "average Joe" sees someone taking advantage of that, for whatever reason, it is natural to feel distrustful. You trust Aaron and I trust Aaron (even if I disagree with his methods), but why should everyone trust Aaron? The past two weeks we've seen a chorus of criticism from hackers regarding a justice system that they don't understand. Much of the criticism is accurate, and much of it wasn't even in the right ballpark. This isn't even the only example, just look at the strictly-technical debates about open source software like Ruby on Rails or systemd where FUD is the rule. So if even the very smartest of us are liable to this type of behavior, why should we expect any better of the general public? People in general want to think that at least someone understands hacking besides the hackers and is working to keep them safe from those few with the means to destroy those computerized things which are becoming increasingly valuable to them. > Any Asian-European company that I had worked with forbids the management of any critical information by any American company, not just cloud, for this simple reason. This is just as they should though, it's not as if the U.S. would feel it's a good idea to host their cloud services in China on Huawei kit. For better or worse the days when "gentlemen do not read each other's mails!" fell by the wayside decades ago. Nations need to either agree specifically not to read each other's data in transit (perhaps this is the EU-US "Safe Harbor" that's being talked about?), or assume that their data would be read and plan accordingly. Note that we already have to do this planning as tech developers anyways. If we had sensitive PII we wouldn't store it unencrypted on a shared host with world-readable files, would we? Each and every single one of those blue/red houses are already farmed into a single well-known polling precinct in every state I'm aware of. The title is good in that is always how we seem to see that question phrased on the Internet. That is, with the underlying assumption that the U.S. has once again deliberately gone out of their way to be different. One other factor is the preceived threat of wage imbalances acting against U.S. non-naturalized citizens ("We'll be flooded with H1B's who will work for 25% less and undercut our sons and daughters!"). I'm not sure how much of an issue this actually is in practice but it's definitely something to think about, especially before we start stapling green cards to diplomas. > Why help those who are already well off enough to get a college degree in the U.S.? You answered your own question. It's about skills, not how much money the immigrant already possesses. The proof is in how famous India is for sending over tech entrepreneurs, despite being otherwise maligned by stereotype in many of the same ways that those from Central and South America are. They are able to come over and work here in the U.S. because they possess skills which are desired. If you look at immigration practice as being simply that anyone who wants to come to America and work hard should get a fair chance, then that is probably unfair. But there are those who argue that we should be selective and prioritize towards those who would contribute most. But I suppose all of this just adds to your argument that there's many competing factors in play here, even for a topic as obvious as this. I wouldn't be comfortable with 90% necessarily, but at the same time if these 90% want to come to the U.S. and remain (for at least some nominal period of time) and contribute to U.S. interests then I'd rather that they were over here working to make the country great instead of wherever they came from. Fixing education here in the U.S. is itself an important task but it's orthogonal to immigration. If our kids want to do basket-weaving instead of STEM then the next best thing is to let those from overseas who want to come to the U.S. and work actually do so. But there should be plenty of capacity in the universities for non-immigrants to get STEM majors if they want. At least I had no difficulty. Despite all the mud the U.S. has on its name internationally, the country is still in a great position to execute a "brain drain" (for lack of a better term) and it would be pretty foolish to miss out on that, especially as the world becomes increasingly specialized. > Work hard, meet the right people, and use your gut. I've done that all, and been successful out of it. But at least in my case there was one even larger element in play: Luck. And I can't even begin to list all the different ways that I've been lucky (and unlucky), but I always keep that in the back of my mind. I could have born in Somalia, or a Brooklyn ghetto, I could have tried to make my last career move a year earlier or later (when it would have been shot down for sure), or any of 80,000 other reasons I could have failed despite hard work, talking to the right people, and using my gut. It's easy to say you won't get screwed if you're careful, but be very sure that it isn't just that you've been lucky to interact with good people. I do believe that it's possible to "help luck along" (kind of the same theme as how "planning is indispensable, but plans are useless"). So I'm not saying this to say "Don't try", but rather to try to counter a bit the idea that "working hard" implies success. It's usually necessary, but not always sufficient. > Crockford's clause has no force because he drafted it. Am I the only one who finds it concerning that a clause which legally cannot be enforced is placed into a license anyways? I'm not sure how this helps the complaints against the JSLint license. Which is at least a specific set of prohibitions instead of a wishy-washy poorly-defined one. Why? I ask this because many politically-minded hackers are under the misapprehension that Bradley Manning was purely a whistleblower, which is not the case. If I blow up a bomb in the middle of a populated area and just so happen to take out a bunch of bad guys that doesn't make my actions right. This is true even if the bomb only kills a bunch of bad guys, because the action was completely reckless, without regard to collateral damage, and only by luck gets the job done. Likewise we wouldn't condone getting the GMail password of a child kidnapper by releasing the GMail passwords of all adult males. Whistleblowers report specific crimes, they don't just mysqldump a database and netcat that shit to foreign-entity.co.au and hope they treat the data properly. But let's talk about his actions catalyzed the Arab Spring. How many Tunisian, Libyan, Egyptian and Syrian lives does Pfc. Manning have on his hands then? We blame the U.S. for all of the fatalities related to Iraq, for example, even though the U.S. didn't directly undertake all of those killings. So why would Manning get a pass for this? As far as torture, Prevention of Suicide Watch is an actual prisoner status one can be in, especially if one makes jokes about killing themselves (as Manning's own lawyer admitted he did). The military judge presiding over Manning's hearing agrees that he was held under suicide watch without enough justification and has reduced his eventual sentence (it's unclear by how much though). But either way, I would humbly submit that someone with military training should be intelligent enough to not joke about committing suicide, especially when part of a case with extreme media interest where actually committing suicide would bring the "Eye of Sauron" of negative attention on the detention facility. You don't even have to take my word for that; just look at the reaction to Aaron Swartz's suicide. I think the concern about habeus corpus is valid, but more for those like the Gitmo detainees than Pfc. Manning per se . He leaked classified information, and having to build an entire legal infrastructure and trial around that properly, without having any eventual sentence thrown out on a technicality, is going to take time and effort. Let's face it, if it were up the Army he'd already be convicted and spending the next couple of decades at least playing cards at Ft. Leavenworth. As far as Lamo, I agree in general with the description of asshattery. But still, if Manning actually thought Lamo were a priest then I have to wonder about his capacity for critical thinking. And either way, I find it at least a bit ironic that Lamo managed to extract accurate information from Manning, under false pretenses, immediately after Manning extracted accurate information from the U.S. Government, under false pretenses. But only one of those two swore to protect the information in question under penalty of law. See, that's why I don't like these lynch mobs that form. He wasn't "defending her" as much as empathizing with her role and duties and using grown-up language to debate grown-up topics like a bunch of goddamn grown-ups. If treating her like an adult instead of calling for her immediate resignation is defending her then I'm not sure what to say... how can you have sane debates with ideologues? FWIW I have quibbles with the letter (e.g. it's entirely within the purview of USSS to investigate "computer crimes" due to historical circumstances) but those are just quibbles, minor areas of disagreements where sane people simply might not agree. I agree that I expect approximately zero to come of his letter, as least as far as concrete action is concerned. But , his letter is exactly the kind of thing that is needed to appeal to those who really can make a big difference in how computer crimes are treated (as opposed to pitchforks and shrieking). > I actually disagree completely. Ortiz is a US Attorney. Her office is entirely aware of the legal issues. Well for starters, legal issues are not computer code, even the law is open to interpretation. Even trained experts in the law are known to disagree as to its meaning, especially for laws as intentionally vague as CFAA. However, even assuming their expertise in the law, the U.S. Attorney's office are not automatically experts at the technology and what the use of the technology means (as we are so often reminded here on HN). "The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man" - George Bernard Shaw Daniel Ellsberg had a hand in writing the very same "thousands of documents" that he leaked. So he was able to vouch for their contents. (And P.S., he leaked it to the New York Times, not Pravda). Pfc. Manning, on the other hand, downloads hundreds of thousands of different documents, and instead of simply releasing the specific ones he looked at which he felt documented war crimes, simply passed it all along. Not to the Inspector General, not to the Office of Special Counsel, not to the NYT, or WaPo, or any U.S. entity. No, he passed it (these hundreds of thousands of documents he never so much as looked at) directly to WikiLeaks, an organization that is not exactly impartial (and either way, is foreign-run). So I'll reiterate. He took whole CD-R's full of stuff, which he didn't fully review, and offloaded it all to a foreign third-party to filter through and do with as they will. If the impact ended up "fairly modest" it was due only to luck or incompetence on Manning's part (I'll let you pick whichever you like). If Manning were whistleblowing, he would have taken the "evidence of crimes", and leaked that , just as has been done by other soldiers before him (e.g. Justin Watt, serving in Iraq). I've read the chat logs as it turns out, but it reminded me of something: Manning himself noted that he had been demoted by the Army for physically assaulting another soldier, that he was dissatisfied with being 'an abused work horse', etc. etc. However he managed to convince himself of his 'ethics', the fact is that he had a ton of ulterior motive. For all the talk we hear of proportional response for Aaron Swartz, you would think that Manning would have thought more before making the logical leap from "I have to deal with shitty officers" to "I have to exfiltrate as much as I can". I mean, Manning himself realized that it's not as if all military servicemembers are horrific murderers: (02:09:58 PM) info@adrianlamo.com: most people in the Army aren’t in specialties that involve directly servicing targets. (02:10:14 PM) bradass87: im glad you realize that Another cool snippet from those chat logs: (12:12:46 PM) info@adrianlamo.com: Want to go to the press? :) (12:12:51 PM) bradass87: no Looks reeeeeeaaal concerned with getting those crimes reported, doesn't he? The logs also state: (12:21:24 PM) bradass87: say… a database of half a million events during the iraq war… from 2004 to 2009… with reports, date time groups, lat-lon locations, casualty figures… ? or 260,000 state department cables from embassies and consulates all over the world, explaining how the first world exploits the third, in detail, from an internal perspective? Which of those 500,000 events were war crimes? How about the 260,000 cables? Don't forget the cables describing such heinous crimes as what U.S. diplomats thought of the buddy-buddy relationship between Silvio Berlusconi and Vladimir Putin, my knees shake at the thought! (1:34:45 PM) bradass87: all while witnessing the world freak out as its most intimate secrets are revealed Looks like it's still spinning the same to me, Brad-O, except of course for all those dead in the Arab Spring uprisings. I just hope we end up with stable secular democracies out it. Maybe some good will come of all this (not that it will help Pfc. Manning in the end... good intentions don't excuse bad behavior). Tell that to my organization, which is still stuck in IE7 despite a paid-up ongoing IT services contract. They even managed to block out Google Chrome Frame somehow. I wouldn't necessarily blame the YAML library devs, assuming they documented that it could instantiate arbitrary classes. I do more Perl but I can tell you that "this deserializer can create new arbitrary objects" would give screaming alarm bells. And that is because there is a long history of trying (and failing) to safely do stuff like this (e.g. note the lack of warrant for the Safe CPAN module: http://search.cpan.org/~jhi/perl-5.8.0/ext/Opcode/Safe.pm ) Python has the same well-known and well-documented issue with their pickle module. In general using /any/ deserializer that can create arbitrary objects of arbitrary classes has been known to be a bad idea for some time, and as far as I can tell Ruby YAML documents that it supports doing exactly this: http://www.yaml.org/YAML_for_ruby.html#objects So if we were talking about a security vuln from something like JSON where we expect benign data to be the only possible output I think I'd agree completely. Using a deserializer even more powerful than that is at the very least a bad smell from the POV of security, especially post-Spring (fixed in 2011, even if it was re-iterated 2013), so I wouldn't be so quick to claim this could only have been predicted in hindsight. I get that it's still hard work to move from "I made an object of my choosing" to "framework pwned" but you pretty much have to assume that the former implies the latter nowadays. It was more than 5 years ago now that tptacek was gushing over Dowd's "Inhuman Flash Exploit" and I somehow don't think that pen testers and security experts have gotten any dumber since then. ;) Those were both third-party modules for Django (albeit popular ones). But at best, this means that Rails devs have known since Nov 2011 or so that YAML code should be carefully audited, especially since there was no equivalent in Ruby for Python's .safe_load ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/14348538/is-there-an-equi... ). I don't mean to beat on the Rails guys too hard though, they're off shipping stuff and I'm not and I'm not very fond of those who criticize while a safe distance from the action. But I think it's fair to say that this could have been foreseen earlier (or much earlier, depending on who you ask). Well, both the Python and Perl guys at least seem to have a healthier awareness of how dangerous untrusted arbitrary data can be (e.g. http://docs.python.org/2/library/pickle.html ) The Perl YAML warning is less obvious but they at least mention in their LoadCode docs ( http://search.cpan.org/~mstrout/YAML-0.84/lib/YAML.pm ) that you have to specifically enable code deserialization since untrusted evaluation is a bad idea. Python's YAML is only slightly worse, with an available safe_load method that refuses to run code (and a failure to use appropriately led to vulns in popular Django plugins a little more than a year ago). There's no easy equivalent to safe_load or UseCode for Ruby's YAML ( http://apidock.com/ruby/Psych ) as far as I can tell, at least while still using the high-level parser. And I'll note that the API docs I provided are for the new YAML parser introduced with 1.9.3. I would like to think that by 2010 there would be a general awareness of the risk of using deserializers/code emitters on untrusted input. If you want a GUI I'd recommend Konversation (if kdelibs is OK). There's a Qt-only client called Quassel as well (which also supports a UI/core separation so you can close the program and remain logged in) Not just "a definition", it's labeled Freedom Zero. The ability to run the program, for any purpose. http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html http://opensource.org/docs/osd#fields-of-endeavor (The OSI's open source definition is derived from Debian's Free Software Guidelines, which includes the same prohibition against licenses banning fields of endeavor). If you think bullies won't identify and relentlessly exploit any possible opening then you must have been going to different schools than the rest of us. Example: The Hunt family naming their boy Michael, or the Dover family naming their boy Benjamin. Just because society acts in antisocial ways doesn't mean that we should wait for society to fix themselves. If we could simply rely on society to do the right thing we wouldn't need locks or crypto. I'd be interested in how people propose to maintain expert review, editing, and vetting of ideas without having the users and beneficiaries of that research bear at least some of the cost. It's easy to make the taxpayers pay for everything but I'd feel better about it if the proponents of this were at least actually actively using the research in question. This still doesn't answer the question of how properly to prioritize the taxpayer funding involved. Fully funding every journal gives no incentive for efficient operation and would be incredibly wasteful. But if we decide not to fully funding all journals, who makes that decision? What criteria do they use? What specialized training should they have? Etc., etc. Indeed, I believe Reddit itself claims to have a strong "no doxxing" policy so I'm surprised the picture/thread wasn't deleted, especially when it became clear that people knew who had left the zero tip. I truly don't mean to be snarky but I don't think taking the time to write up a post, even about something you care deeply about, is sufficient justification on its own for HN to care about a topic. That is, if the topic is important and valuable to HN it will be valuable even if you didn't necessarily care so much about the topic. > People are upset that Aaron Swartz faced losing the right to vote, hold public office, serve on a jury, or own a firearm, penalties entirely unrelated and disproportionate to the crime. The "Felony" idea comes from the maximum possible sentence for a crime. CFAA has been on the books since like 1986 so as soon as Aaron decided to run afoul of its provisions that was a done deal. As it turns out many states have provisions to restore voting rights to felons, firearm rights, etc. But this type of case is one of the few things prosecutors don't have discretion on, except by dropping charges completely (which I understand is what you think should happen, but that's not going to match what most of the rest of the country thinks, where fairness of justice and due process are at least theoretically the ideal). > This debate has gone on long enough; most of HN disagrees with your position. Oh! Is HN the decider now? I browse this site and I wasn't aware my opinion had been pre-determined for me. Are there any other HN-mandated opinions I should adopt now that this question has been raised? Am I still allowed to like Microsoft products? Are iPhones mandatory or can I keep my Android? The "maximum sentence" isn't even the recommended sentence that the accused would be having to plea bargain against, which is determined by the Federal sentencing guidelines. We went over all of this with Aaron's case, and yet people apparently still refuse to pay attention to how the U.S. legal system works, and instead continue to use MPAA/RIAA tactics when discussing these cases. I have to say it's certainly not very heartening to know that there is seemingly no ideology that won't use propaganda just as soon as it suits their cause. :( It's not about total and complete prevention , it's about reduction of risk. Your logic taken to its logical conclusion would argue against practically any risk mitigation measures at all. For instance, even SSL/TLS have not been immune to exploits. If Ortiz's only interest is truly to bully the weak and serve the powerful then she's a bad apple. You're claiming that the entire bushel of apples is rotten, but that wouldn't make any single one good. This has actually been criticized before because it's prone to being mis-applied at times. E.g. there have been times when new legislation was first added to U.S. Code not as a new section, but as a bunch of deletions/additions that make it very hard to tell what the end result is supposed to look like. However if you find that neat you may also find it neat how they end up placing these bills passed into law into the legal code. It's done manually just as you say, but the ones doing the work sometimes notice issues which they footnote (e.g. I've seen a lot of "foo was probably meant instead of bar" footnotes). He saying there's two separate things going on when Aaron went into the closet. 1. Trespassing. This is not germane to this discussion though. 2. Unauthorized circumvention of a technological measure (i.e. deliberately hooking up to a trusted subnet to evade the blocks that had been place on his previous network access) Aaron would very well still have been in violation of even the proposed law, as worded now. > I also don't understand how "changing one's MAC or IP address [in order to circumvent] 'technological access measures'" doesn't constitute a violation in principle It is a violation in principle; the real world equivalent would be having a posted picture saying "DO NOT ADMIT THIS MAN INSIDE" but Aaron walks up wearing a ridiculous faux mustache and gets admitted anyways. IMHO it's explicitly whitelisted not because of the principle, but because it's the behavior Aaron employed that they're trying to make legal in the future. Yes, occasionally a group of existing law will be assembled together and approved as a block (this is how the U.S. Code is formed), and then they can tweak with USC from there directly. Other times they pass the law and it just kind of floats out there, in the "Statutes-at-Large" until some poor legislative assistant decides to/gets told to go consolidate the groups back into appropriate titles of USC (which requires another bill in Congress). Even when you're making a law which is basically just a diff to the U.S. Code though, the various interactions of each of the changes can be difficult to discern the real meaning of. But on the other hand it's nice to be able to simply fix the broken part of a law without having to do a full rewrite. I know, that's why I added my second paragraph ;) Yes, it's one thing to develop the industrial scale needed to field and effectively utilize aviation assets, it's another thing entirely to adapt and maintain that base as long as the U.S. has been able to. Right now the U.S. has the institutional knowledge within the military, the industrial base to build craft, repair those craft, make custom tools/mods to those craft, well-trained and very experienced pilots, well-trained and very experienced aircrew, aircraft maintenance techs, etc. The latter means that the U.S. has a ready base of available personnel to use as expert instructors, as policy makers (in and out of the military), to feed back into the industrial base, etc. So it's not at all that other countries can't do it, but the investment needed to do so efficiently is just so massive nowadays. Risk is simply a probability, so it's inappropriate to treat a risk with a probability of approximately epsilon the same as a level of risk that could actually be seen on a pie chart. You're saying that because the risk of hitting the maximum sentence is not actually zero, that the defendant is exposed to an exceptional amount of risk, but this doesn't even make logical sense. Either way, whatever else defense attorneys might say to the prosecutors, judges, and the public, they know how the risks translate for their client even better than you or I do and have a professional responsibility to inform their client of the same. So there's no reason for a defendant to freak out about a theoretical maximum sentence, they should only be worried about the one the judge might actually assign after all the arguments and motions are made. > If the defendant was facing a more reasonable maximum penalty such as, say, a year or two in prison he would likely be far more emboldened to take it to trial and have his day in court. The maximum should be whatever is most effective for the interests of justice overall, not just whatever is most convenient for whoever happens to be sitting in the defendant's seat that day. I have a First Amendment right to say and speak my mind, but that doesn't mean I would go picketing funerals with hateful messages like WBC. I have a Second Amendment right to bear arms, but that doesn't mean I would stand near a school carrying a Bushmaster. And I would certainly never expect the government to provide me a Bushmaster and have me stand outside a school just to demonstrate that they care deeply about my rights. So yes, by all means, take your day in court if it comes to it, but it's not the government's job to ensure that is the only course available to you the defendant, it's the government's job to secure the blessings of liberty for all of the people. Well they linked to Barrett Brown stating that many of them (Anonymous) would not hesitate to employ the same amoral "might makes right" tactics that they deplore from the government, if they found it necessary: http://pastebin.com/WPE73rhy I guess he thinks "might makes right" is OK as long as the dictator is benevolent enough? > Does anyone remember the ease with which Bradley Manning performed his hack? You're right that the military is hardly going to treat a "Public Affairs" website with any special care, but I wanted to correct you on your description of a Bradley Manning "hack". There was no hack. There was never a hack. Bradley Manning was the proverbial "insider" threat. You may remember that in the wake of 9/11 there was a lot of acrimony regarding how poorly the various Federal agencies worked together. They often engaged in turf warfare to maximize the agency's important instead of maximizing the U.S.'s ability to respond to actual threats. No one shared info with one another, either because they were not sure they could share info, to prevent aiding other agencies getting more powerful, etc. And as a result there were thousands of Americans murdered, not to mention the horrific property losses. So, one of the "lessons learned" was that the intelligence agencies were going to work together from then on. Not just work together, they were going to share the intel. Counterterrorism would become a real mission goal, with real resources put to it, real organizations aligned around it, etc. So suddenly, military was working with CIA, FBI, Dept. of State, and more, and working together to prevent another 9/11 happening, prevent IED attacks against deployed troops, etc. There was never a hack. Manning had access to all of that data quite intentionally, to help him do his f'ing job as an intelligence specialist analyzing the various Islamist threat groups in his area. He even quoted (and was quite proud of) an award citation in his chat logs with Lamo that described how he was aiding the Army in that particular fight. But not once did he hack anything. He downloaded data he had authorized access to, and exfiltrated it to persons who did not have authorization. This is more than .mil sites, there's also UN, NOAA, DOE. But it looks like these are mostly NIPR Public Affairs types of sites, from what I can tell. Have you ever looked at the pickle docs though? There is like, literally a 'red alert' banner saying how dangerous it is in combination with arbitrary untrusted input. PyYAML's warning is not quite so blatant ( http://pyyaml.org/wiki/PyYAMLDocumentation ) but when you get past installation blah blah blah onto actually loading YAML, the first thing it says (in bold) is that using .load is as dangerous as pickle.load, and it references looking as .safe_load instead. However, it would be better for the tutorial that immediately follows to use safe_load() everywhere that it can reasonably be used and to only mention .load as an advanced topic (except to mention at first that it exists but shouldn't be used) You're exactly right to bring up the issues with code distribution (e.g. for CPAN, PyPI), but the YAML usage is a more general/different problem. As far as I understand it Ruby on Rails would have been vulnerable even if you installed it from cryptographically-signed tarballs without any additional code from Rubygems. But pointing out that other languages don't have super-secure code distribution systems doesn't change that they at least understand the danger of deserializers that can run arbitrary code or create arbitrary objects, especially when Ruby is also weak in this area. At least for Python I would hope that had learned their lesson in 2011 when some popular third-party Django plugins used YAML.load instead of YAML.safe_load, instead of waiting for this. Of course, RoR devs might have noticed the same issue at that time, but there's nothing we can do about it now. Well he would have had technical authorization to transfer files to a CD (I've burned classified CDs myself). It's hard to prepare a classified briefing for your chain-of-command without a way to get the files onto the air-gapped presentation computer without network access, and there are known security issues relating to USB thumb drives so it would make perfect technical sense to require CD drives be used. You just have to label it properly, handle it properly, etc. You could argue that the system could have technical measures in place to see that the CD-R was being filled, used repeatedly in a short period of time, etc. but that could be worked around too. He's exactly right that trusting an insider is a perfect example of how not to do INFOSEC, but that was a risk the military judged was of lower danger than the risk associated with artificial constraints on the ability of the military and government to cooperate on anti-terrorism. Pretty much any measure the gov't and military put in place in this area to protect against the future Mannings of the world will at least slightly inhibit their ability to detect and prevent future terrorist strikes, I guess we'll have to see what they've chosen to do. :-/ By the same coin, only about ~1/3 of the colonists were "Loyalists". The remainder didn't necessarily want the revolution but would have aided it had it happened, or would have been OK with the status quo had it been left that way. We perhaps need a different term altogether because really it's not just copyright infringement either. If you take something from me that is meant only for sale to others then it helps me absolutely zero that I still have it. With copyright infringement, it used to mean selling cheap knock-offs of your work, including your work illegally into someone else's dime novel, etc. With digital copyright infringement people are literally selling or giving away the authentic item (i.e. the data). This is much closer to 'theft' than the old idea of copyright infringement. You have a good point about market value but those are economic principles, not moral ones. It's like saying I only took a gumdrop instead of a pallet of candy bars, but either way it's still wrong. Band Camp is great! I don't care enough about music per se to use it for its intended purpose, but I do get pointed from time to time to some groups who remix video game music. There's some pretty talented musicians on there even in esoteric genres. DoD does have large problems with procurement IMO. Parts of it are self-inflicted (e.g. by making it nearly impossible for a supplier to be "certified" you give existing suppliers the ability to extort more money from you), parts of it are inflicted by the government (e.g. various HR laws the gov't self-adopts in order to 'lead by example', requirements to buy stuff the DoD doesn't even want, etc.) But the big rub is that it's a very hard problem to tackle. There's already tons of rules and regulations to try to prevent the issue of corruption. Adding more rules makes the 'normal path' even less efficient. Taking rules away risks lots of graft in the 'worst case path'. And even if DoD somehow adopts a most-efficient acquisition scheme, it still has to get the prime contractors to become more efficient to actually realize savings based on this. There's only so many defense contractors to choose from for major acquisition projects, and from the DoD/nat'l defense point of view it's better to buy expensive kit than to stop buying at all for a few years into order to weed out the most sluggish contractors. My understanding is that we already have number portability (but I've never tried it). As for the carrier lock-in, I believe most people get subsidized phones with a contract requirement, by the time the contract is up people are moving onto their next phone (and/or carrier) anyways. So right now it's not been a mainstream issue. AFAIK no, but it did have an option to install a gimped Linux OS for some time, before Sony took that away. It's because Congress hasn't appropriated any other funds to pay for it. Does your DMV give you a free driver's license every time you visit the office? If so, great, but that's because your state funded it (I've never lived in a state that did so). Now, can you argue that the documents from PACER should be available to all citizens without cost on their part? Sure, but that's not what has happened up to this point, so until then someone has to pay for PACER. TL;DR: Show them the money. You'll get what you want. What I have never understood is why he feels that Sweden would turn him over but that the U.K. (where he had been staying before) would not? If the U.S. can gin up a fake rape case in Sweden of all places they can certainly do it in a country with which they have a "special relationship". I wasn't aware that reasonable adults were only allowed to have one opinion regarding WikiLeaks. How does the thoughtcrime work in this scenario? Does Julian Assange come dox me himself, or should I wait for someone with a Guy Fawkes mask? For future instances where I might try to think of things using my own brain, who from WikiLeaks should I get approval from? Is the request form available electronically as an HTML form, or do I need to use PDF? The latter is kind of important as I don't have a PDF-form-capable viewer most of the time. Thanks, and I look forward to locking myself totally and subserviently to what other people think. I think the issue with the romantic ideal of burning the midnight oil while working on your dream is that it's not very conducive to actual relationship building with dates. You may find someone special who really digs what you do, but you can only ignore them and keep them at arm's length for so long before they leave to find someone (perhaps less romantic) who will treat them as if /they/ were that important. Certainly there are exceptions (mariner's wives come to mind) but I think this would be true of your normal random date. So, romantic? Sure. But the appeal has to eventually wear off and then there'd better be a part of you that you can devote to your partner. You're right of course, but the reason I don't invest the money myself is mostly because I do not have the skillset to do so as effectively as the insurance company, nor do I have the time to put into learning how to properly invest money (including diversification) such that it does grow as I would need it to in order to be useful as an insurance policy. I pay the insurance company extra to take on that risk of non-appreciating value for me (and maybe to do so more efficiently than I could, so that I actually pay less). Those are great points (especially the market-indicator fund which does the work for you). That's still the kind of thing which you would need to bootstrap enough of a nest egg to protect against the difference in risk between little ol' me and the Big Insurance Co. Once you have enough money to protect yourself against one early disaster then you could shift over completely to saving up for self-insurance. I'm not there yet though :) I suppose it's like they say, you need to have money to make money. Have you ever used Google Scholar? When I did, even if it indexed paywalled articles it didn't offer direct links to it (would have made my job easier at the time, trust me). It's hard to hold Google up as a paragon of "doing the right thing" IP infringment when they'll auto-remove videos from YouTube based just on their similarity to other videos that have been flagged inappropriately for copyright violation. Some popular Django third-party plugins had similar issues to the YAML problems back in 2011 (i.e. using YAML.load instead of safe_load). As noted in the sibling comment, the pickle module is well-known in the Python community for being susceptible to this as well. Beyond that, your guess is as good as mine. I'm sure that /someone/ has been looking at Django at least to see if there are similar issues. It doesn't have to be a panacea, it just has to significantly reduce the risk of being exploited (whether due to superior design philosophy, superior execution of that design philosophy, or simply 'security by low market share'). If the security of your platform depends on that platform not become a popular target of hacker attention then sometimes it really is as simple as "I don't need to outrun the bear; I just need to outrun you" Yes, because black people in America certainly only had to worry about which seat was reserved for them on the bus, and not lynchings, beatings, rapes, flaming crosses, police dogs, high-pressure fire hoses, or white juries as peers of their white attackers. P.S. Felony convictions are not a lifetime employment ban, especially for "white-collar" felonies. It's anonymous in the sense that you can create a different identity ID, but as soon as that ID is correlated to Domino's transaction # for that transaction, or any other slip of personally-identifying info, then you're no longer anonymous. On that note, is there a good "marketing news" site for children's games? I have an autistic son and much of the improvement in his hand-eye coordination we've seen has come because of Mario Galaxy and racing games on the iPad and I'd love to find other games he'd be interested in. I think the issue is less with bored teenagers and more with turnkey r00tkits. Remember when these Rails issues first blew up and someone posts a very insightful article saying that anyone, anyone running a public Web-facing Rails installation would be exploited? This is possible because it can be computer-automated. If you're in a situation where a teenager has to get bored and specifically tinker with your niche software then you may already be a large step ahead. I mean, right? If we take it as true (as many are claiming here) that all web frameworks have security vulnerabilities and Rails is just being picked on because of its popularity, then you essentially need to make the decision between having 24/7 ability to quickly upgrade all of your running Rails installations, or using something not as popular. I thought Aaron was supposed to have been confronting law-abiding adversaries like JSTOR and other academic journal holders. I wasn't aware that his activism had anything to do with the Federal justice system per se. Either way, they don't have the option of simply shooting you on a whim (except insofar as anyone could theoretically decide to do that) or locking you away for years either (a jury is also required for this). Engine braking allows you to save fuel (by using stored energy of the drivetrain to handle compression of the air that normally would require work from combustion). And, as long as the car remains in gear there's not much extra wear on the transmission itself (certainly not compared to the torque from the acceleration the preceded it, at least). It also works on automatics that can be command-shifted, which are becoming somewhat more common. Interestingly (IMHO), the issue with skeuomorphic calculator apps had been noted by a KDE developer in 2004 ( http://dot.kde.org/2004/09/27/kcalc-modest-usability-improve... ), and probably by others even earlier. Unfortunately Roberto's blog post doesn't remain online (Archived here: http://web.archive.org/web/20041010185905/http://www.pycs.ne... ) This lead to the development of several calculator replacements to take advantage of the fact that a desktop has perfectly good keyboards hooked up, can afford to show good history, etc. I wrote one (which is now being maintained and ported to QML by someone else), but the most popular one seemed to be SpeedCrunch ( http://code.google.com/p/speedcrunch/ ) or Qalculate (which KDE's KRunner supports using for inline expression evaluation nowadays, IIRC). If "being proactive about security" was the only thing necessary then we'd all be using Internet Explorer still (a product which was pilloried over and over due to its sheer number of critical security vulnerabilities). It's appropriate you bring up OpenBSD. Not only are they open with their security vulnerabilities as they're discovered, but they make security a core engineering goal (which is the part that people have been saying is missing from Rails). No one is saying Rails shouldn't disclose security issues as they become informed about them. They're saying that there shouldn't be so many in the first place. However one might argue that those who care about security might at least suspect that a rapid development system so dependent on convention would have issues like these and so it's not really fair to pin all this entirely on the Rails devs. Just as you wouldn't use a C library filled with gets() for security-sensitive code, no one forced anyone to install Rails. Edit: And more to the point for Rails, it certainly seems to have delivered on the promise of rapid application development, ease of modification, etc. It's miles and miles better than using old CGI.pm with Perl (though there are other options now). Given that many simply would not have a neat-o Web 2.0 site (with many other built-in security protections) if they had used something else, it's hard to be too cross at the Rails devs... they may have burnt the pepperoni but at least they made you a pizza. Well as someone from an engineering background I'd never recommend skipping rev matching (though I'm lazy and the car does it for me on my automatic). Thanks! Thanks, will check it out better when I get home (and don't have to use IE 7 ;) ) > I think it raises a pretty reasonable point: Why do we even have prisons at all, other than as detention facilities for pending death penalty cases? If someone commits a sufficiently serious crime (or re-offends sufficiently many times), put them to death. That's a great insight. I would point out that prison is still an acceptable in-between for community service and death . E.g. what happens if the convict simply doesn't show up for their community service? Depriving someone of their own free use of their time is a powerful motivational tool (just ask anyone who's ever had to "hurry up and wait" in the military). However any possible positive effect you would get from prison, either for rehabilitation or non-recurrence, would be had within the first year, two at the most. Any prison sentence beyond that and you have to wonder what the marginal additional value is (I would think none). I'm not sure if you're entirely serious about the death penalty for sufficiently serious crimes, but the normal argument is that even if that were acceptable in theory, that it's been proven not implementable in practice , and we'd rather optimize for not accidentally putting something to death who is innocent. This itself could be fleshed out further though... governments all the times do things (or don't do things) that may indirectly lead to fatalities later on. Things as simple as redirecting a road away from a cliff face to prevent people from driving over the edge at night can save lives, but we as a population generally accept that there is an economic reality that government can't pay to completely prevent all foreseeable accidents. So could you argue from there that if we already let people drive off of cliffs because it's cheaper, that we could let government accidentally execute innocents if it had a net positive outcome? I don't know... even I'm pretty leery of that logic. Personally if I were to be fradulently convicted I'd rather a lifetime of prison than to be put to death (assuming I could still read, program, etc.) In fairness, that's what he was told by Tesla Motors when he expressed his concern with his remaining range. It's also not completely insane: Energy requirements for driving go up approximately as the square of the velocity. This would normally make city driving exceptionally efficient. The reason it's not efficient is because of all the energy lost due to idling and from being dissipated in the brakes. If the Tesla is able to idle at a much lower energy than a gas-powered car (which should be true) and if it can reclaim energy from braking by using regeneration then it could very well use less energy to "take a shortcut" through Manhattan. Whatever gains he might have obtained were eliminated by the extra distance though (and it's not even clear there were gains to be had). The right answer is even simpler (albeit frustrating): Drive slower. Bingo. And atmosphere control, CPUs, etc. These are what we called "hotel loads", don't know what they're called in the EV industry. Well, that's the beautiful thing about regenerative braking: The "external force" required to slow down the car comes from the electric motor itself, from the counter-torque of the motor acting as a generator to charge the battery. It's not lossless but it's far better than letting all the kinetic energy dissipate as heat. Don't issue pull requests that you don't want merged. It's really that simple. The maintainer could easily merge it by accident by absentmindedly clicking the button they normally click in response to well-formed pull requests while thinking they'd rejected it. Maybe they have a cat, or a toddler, who knows? Don't put your name on stuff you don't want merged. So since we're all so busy assigning blame here, who is going to blame the end user for deciding to pipe a script straight from the Internet into a shell, whether directed by a README or not? Saves the trouble of having to learn how to attack security vulnerabilities if you can simply have the user r00t themselves for you... The documentation is completely unreadable in IE7 (which while I'll admit is not Google Chrome, it's also not IE6 or Netscape 4). By 'completely unreadable' I mean nothing shows up at all except an empty sidebar. Whatever happened to "graceful degradation"? This isn't a ticket-buying website, this is simply API documentation. Edit: Plus, if it doesn't work in IE7 I really don't think it will work in lynx/links/etc. "Not only did we not know that we were required to retain these emails, we went out of our way to ensure they /couldn't/ be retained. Whelp, oh well!" Regenerative braking allows you to more efficiently drive within a city. But the big win is driving at city speeds . I had explained this the other day, but power usage depends approx. on the square of your velocity. So averaging 30mph in the city would take about 1/4 as much power as averaging 60mph on the highway, all other things being equal. Normally all other things are not equal, as idling at a city stoplight wastes energy in a gas-powered machine, and pressing the brakes wastes energy in a gas-powered machine. With an EV idling uses very little energy, and you can reclaim some energy from braking. Braking is still a net loss, but not as much. Combine the two effects with a 4x power efficiency and it's not at all impossible for a hybrid to get better mileage in city, especially in stop-and-go traffic where the average speed is even lower. > A true testament to his disinginuity is his pretending to think that stop and go is more efficient than highway mileage. He has no place as an energy reporter unless acting as a shill. Why is everyone here conflating gas-powered machines with EVs? There's a reason Tesla recommended he slow down and go through a city. There's a reason the Prius has a higher mileage rating for city driving than highway driving. The reason is that driving faster requires proportionally more energy. It's always been that simple. The reason cities have historical given poor mileage is because of energy wastage from idling and from braking, both of which many EVs (incl. Tesla's) can minimize the energy loss from. I've operated propulsion machinery completely submerged in water. Anyone who didn't understand that energy usage is approximately quadratic with respect to speed would be considered studderingly incompetent and would fail qualification at both ends of the boat. Of course if you don't believe me, perhaps you should ask Tesla Motors.... or look at the Prius's rated MPG for city/hwy. Format the cell as Text first? Enter the UPC with a leading ' to force intepretation as Text? If you're changing SKUs anyways you may want to change it to have a letter to that Excel "guesses" correctly by default. Well in this case it would seem that they lost a user and cut their burn rate at the same time. I'm not sure Disqus would see this as a net loss. I keep Firefox up-to-date because it's the only web browser on Linux that appears to support the PKCS#11/Client-SSL/CoolKey/etc. needed to support using smartcards for SSL-enabled authentication on websites. So you're saying that you believe in 'gateway drugs'? CMake is widely distributed now if only because of KDE, so the package maintainers and sysadmins have figured it out one way or the other already. What the hell is i18n other than "coding for all platforms"? i18n is making the software capable of being localized at all. l10n ("localization") is the process of actually localizing to a specific given locale (which is more than mere translation, btw). No dude, you're right. Some Americans made a backroom deal to maliciously and deliberately assign cumbersome words to the topic of making more money from export sales and bum-standard customer service. P.S. you forgot to include "l10n" for localization in your description of the conspiracy. Understood, and thanks for backfilling me on the progress of our c8y. See you next week. i18n would cover a lot of things like the following: - Using Unicode for UI-visible string functions (to make it possible at all for your app to show non-Latin characters). Other some other means of selecting arbitrary charsets but Unicode is hard enough as it is. - On that note, using language-specific instead of byte-specific functions. This itself has its own large pitfalls (e.g. even something as simple as using foo.toUppercase() instead of foo.tr('a-z', 'A-Z') simply doesn't make sense in all languages, but at least it's better than what you had before). - Having hooks for displaying dates in the user's preferred format. - Advanced mode: Having hooks for operating on dates in a non-Gregorian calendar! - Having hooks for proper currency handling and display. - Having hooks for properly translating pluralized words. This is way worse than it sounds. In English you generally have "1 of", "none of", and "2+ of" that you might have to worry about, but other languages may have significantly more options, or entirely different ways of binning which categories an ordinal phrase falls into. - Having hooks to supply "context" to a translator. E.g. talking about an "elevator" in the context of choosing an I/O scheduler may give an entire sentence a far different structure than using the same word "elevator" in the context of vertical transportation. - Speaking of context, there's the problem of properly handling placeholder text in printf-style format strings. The translators may have to re-order the placeholders entirely to get it to translate right. Even this is just kind of scratching the surface, I haven't talked about things like graphics, audio, etc. Now, l10n is the process of actually going through and making the changes needed for a given locale. This doesn't just mean language, it can also include regional aspects. E.g. Brazilian Portuguese (pt_BR) may end up with a different appearance than Portugal's Portuguese (pt_PT) [1]. Even American English (en_US) and British English (en_GB) have famous differences which go into far more than just s/truck/lorry/, but into things such as units (even gallons are not the same). All of which must be handled to have a proper localization. In code terms you might say that i18n is refactoring to have a proper interface for usage by subclasses, while l10n is the art of making a specific subclass for that i18n interface for a given regional locale. [1] http://lists.debian.org/debian-i18n/2005/10/msg00077.html Actually $() is in POSIX (or at least, it is now). You're right about 'source' though, shell scripts that want a semblance of portability must use '.'. Piss off the wrong person, normally... I don't even get to code that much and I've found very compelling reasons to do all of: - git rebase -i (the "cleaning" of history) - git add -p (which requires a separate staging area) - Using a bare repository (which, just for the record, I've also had to do with SVN, but we didn't have a special Googlable term for it) - Track the difference between a local and remote branch (this is actually inherent to DVCS workflow, it's like going from DOS to UNIX and complaining that they make you track file permissions... you didn't even have the option on DOS!) It's actually kind of embarrassing to see an SVN user claim that they don't understand the difference between a downstream concept of a central repository and the remote concept of the same repository, because I can sure as hell remember having to run "svn up" before "svn ci" just in case someone had made a commit to the remote repo in between the time of my last update and my upcoming commit. master, "origin/master", and origin's own master all have corresponding concepts in SVN, even if master and origin/master had to be the same by definition. One more thing: I'm pretty sure SVN now has only one .svn directory, just like git. svn switch is much inferior compared to git checkout... it is slow and requires a server roundtrip unless you just use svn switch --relocate (which doesn't do the same thing, it happens to be a separate feature with the same interface). It's not an "article", it's a KDE deveoper's personal blog. The "blogs.kde.org" I would have hoped gave that away. The Digital Blasphemy guy later worked with some developers to make some PS3 "Live Wallpapers" based on his artwork... perhaps that was in reaction to what you pointed out? Are you saying that the image is not, in fact, used in the UEFI firmware Sony is distributing? > You have gained because now there is an subconscious association between Sony and KDE. I can only speak for myself, but I don't think those of us at KDE would find it desirable to have that association in people's minds. I would actually say that would be a negative. > Well, for those that even recognise that it is KDE artwork to begin with. So only artwork which has saturated the public eye warrants protection? Is it hyperbole, really, when the same argument would be applied in the opposite direction? I know that KDE somehow has a reputation for quiet professionalism [1], but I don't think that should extend to a developer's personal opinion, nor do I think that pointing out the hyperbole of someone else is itself an example of hyperbole. Especially when the hyperbole is so obviously hyperbolic! [1] http://inmyholyopinion.com/2007/05/11/gnome-vs-kde/ The blog author is asking the community [KDE] a question, not acting as if his opinion represents the community. He's talking to me and my fellow developers, via an open letter. KDE is a much looser community than you may be used to seeing within open source projects. You seem to be projecting to see an alpha dev who's looking back at his friends saying "What should we do with this one?" with a grin on his face and a plot in his mind. But that's not what's going on, and that's not what someone in KDE would see. What you see on the tin is all that's going on. A KDE developer's opinion is implicitly his or her own and no one elses. The icon is distributed as part of the UEFI firmware (if the blog post is to be believed). If Sony took even the tiniest steps toward reasonable action to come in compliance I'd be 101% surprised if either the KDE e.V. or the artist tries to take any further legal action. And given that the license in this case merely requires attribution it would seem it's very easy to come into compliance. I don't know jriddell personally but I would be willing to bet his point is not the infringement, so much as the hypocrisy by the Big Giant Defender of IP, Sony. > is there any real deterrent or risk for a company to use GPL code (in violation) first, and then fix it if/when they get found out and threatened legal action. Well, there's a pretty wide gulf between "The Board of Directors and CEO decided that any legal consequences would be cheaper than not infringing" and "Oops, we didn't mean to mis-appropriate that IP". The tricky area IMO is when a company or industry repeatedly "Oops"es and you have to start wondering whether they're even performing due diligence. Given that the vast majority of people on Federal charges don't commit suicide, including persons facing much stricter punishments than Aaron Swartz, I'd be interested in hearing why a mental illness of some sort would not be the primary suspect. The motel owner fighting against Ortiz to keep his property out of the hands of the Feds didn't kill himself. Did Ortiz just screw up her methods when she failed to drive him to suicide? Well, "how aggressively he was treated" was within 1 delta or so of how the average CFAA case is handled, so I don't think that's the reason either, unless this is the first CFAA case that has ever become known to the majority of the hackers on HN. In fact I think the notable thing was how very quiet the reaction had been. A lot of CFAA cases that did acquire wide acclaim (including places like HN) were for things like accessing the "wrong" publicly-accessible URL, or finding security vulns and getting in trouble for just trying to let the organization know that they were vulnerable. In this case it seemed to me there was a strong sense of "huh, this guy [Swartz] actually did break into a network, and server closet too" and therefore there was not nearly the outcry as we'd seen for most. Admiral Hyman Rickover (the "Father of the nuclear Navy") had as one of his basic principles that "if you can't point your finger at the person responsible for something, then no one is responsible for it". Well Federal charges indicate not the severity, but the medium of the act in question. As soon as the information was transferred over interstate communications channels to Boston the jurisdiction would have been properly Federal in nature. If it is also a state crime than the attorney's offices can negotiate as to which (if any) will prosecute but the Constitution makes it very clear that the Federal government has primary jurisdiction in this situation. It is true that most Federal crimes are more severe than state (since they necessarily tend to involve more serious offenses by their scope alone). But had a "misdemeanor-level" CFAA-like Federal law been available it is possible that it could have been used instead of the actual felony-level CFAA. I'm not aware of any though, as far as I can tell it's either CFAA, nothing, or the prosecutor can perhaps try to get extra-inventive with other law on the books. Either way though, changing a MAC address was not the only thing Aaron did. Your point about the server closet not actually being locked is well-taken, but you bring discredit to your own plea for accuracy by implying that the MAC address is the only reason any sort of charges were levied on Aaron. Static types exist for the compiler to aid the programmer in discovering errors. Naming conventions (in c++) exist for the programmer to aid the programmer in recovering the semantics of a given expression (which the compiler already understands). There's all sorts of different scenarios, including expungment (which is indeed what Randal accomplished): * Expungment: The records are sealed. It's (mostly) as if the conviction never occurred, since there's no way for people to access the proof that a conviction was returned. But this is a legal construct that only applies in the legal world, they can't go back and erase the newspapers. * Pardon: You did it, but we just won't punish you for it. But the only one we can ask would be Aaron, unfortunately. For what it's worth what "felon" means is entirely up to the state you live in, the people you talk to, etc. I worked with a "felon" (and I'm using this term very loosely here) who had a clearance higher than mine, actually did the kind of jobs where they can't talk at all about it, was able to vote, use banks, etc. No one thought of him as anything less than a valued shipmate, but of course that's just my personal perspective. And yet if that U.S. Citizen shoots an anti-tank rocket at an Abrams in Afghanistan he can be summarily executed by a Private First Class (to say nothing of a democratically-elected Commander-in-Chief). There's definitely a discussion to be had about how and where a nation can decide to use military force in the interests of its self-defense, but citizenship has never been a barrier to military action outside of the U.S. in war time. See for example http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ex_parte_Milligan Now certainly the Supreme Court did not envision drone strikes and one-sided warfare outside of the United States when they talk about the laws of military government, but it does go to show that even as far back as 1866 that the law showed a distinction between military operations inside of the U.S. and outside of the U.S. > These assassination are occurring in countries that we're not at war with (and in some cases, never have been). Sure, but the issue is two-pronged: 1) Whether the target is considered to be "at war" with the attacker and 2) Whether the state he's in allows the military action (or at least, doesn't consider it to be a causus belli). The issue we were discussing is the first (i.e. whether it is appropriate for the U.S. President to put an American citizen on a "kill list" without trial). Many people claim that this is unusual behavior, but it's really not in the context of the military (even in the media, e.g. Apocalypse Now). Or differently, if an American officer had defected to the Nazis during WWII and was known to be in a certain bunker you can bet he would have been facing a bunch of incoming U.S. ordnance. However speaking towards the second point for just a bit, the U.S. assassinated a Japanese Admiral (Adm. Yamamoto) during WWII and didn't wait for him to be in Japanese-controlled areas to do so. He was killed in international waters, and not even during a battle as we think of them. He was a militarily valuable officer in a military organization fighting the U.S. and off he went. And, even if he somehow managed to overfly some nation's airspace, he would have been hit as long as the nation involved would tolerate the incursion. > Furthermore, many the citizens being assassinated have never even been accused of a crime. Well, they have (insofar as the process as it's been released theoretically requires some form of justification). They haven't been accused in a courtroom, perhaps, but that's a civil law matter, not military/international law. I want to stress real quick that I'm not even personally decided for/against on this issue myself, but I'm a firm believer in garbage in == garbage out and so I just wish to point out that this issue isn't as crystal-clear as it's sometimes made out to be. If we treat this as a military affair (and AQ certainly does) then there is plenty of reason to treat the U.S. reaction under military terms as well, and those are much muddier waters than civil/criminal law. With all that in mind, I'd still rather that people leaned towards "that's reprehensible" as a gut reaction to first hearing of it than the alternative. I think if you ask me on most days I'd say there's legitimate military reasons to be able to combat terrorism in this fashion (especially in this brave new world of near-stateless persons) but it's still the kind of thing that I would want people to be very sensitive about. He could have also chosen not to enter an unlocked server closet... > You can be convicted of a felony for expressing an opinion about how to improve goverment? I read the indictment and I'm pretty sure it talked about something about evading network bans and hooking computers up directly to network switches. Either way though, the conviction would come from the jury, not Ortiz, something which people always seem to conveniently leave out. The manifesto is one of the things the prosecutors use to determine if this is "just a kid on a joyride" or a repeat-offender-to-be. As such, why would they not consider that in their determination of whether to bring charges or not? Is it your thought that someone can post an open letter saying that they intend to bring about forcible change to the law of the land, by taking matters into their own hands if necessary, and have that letter get no response from the one branch of government charged with enforcing those same laws? And am I the only one who has noticed that he was never actually charged with piracy or copyright infringement? The ends don't justify the means, that leads only to a world where might alone makes right. By all means, open that access, but don't break into networks to do so. "But mommy my friend's mom let's him stay up aalllllllllllll night! waaa" I can't believe there are still people who think that personal responsibility for one's actions don't apply if the politics of those actions are persuasive enough, yet here we are. This from the person equating 3 months in a Western prison with having your hand chopped off? How is any logical, reasoned debate supposed to follow from this? How is having a limb amputated supposed to compare to Aaron's case? > Unfortunately that is now no longer affordable, tough luck. When has this ever been affordable? Can you craft a legal system where everyone receives at least the minimal amount of legal expertise that they need inexpensively? Either way if you prefer semantics then even going through the expensive legal process will never verify the fact of whether Aaron broke the law. It will only verify whether or not a jury unanimously agreed that the prosecution appeared to have proven beyond a reasonable doubt that Aaron broke the law. Given that the law (CFAA) is fairly unjust in this case, and deliberately so, I don't see why it's a stretch to claim that Aaron "broke the law", it was intentionally written to be easy to prove charges written against it! I guess I would have to ask what they would be using SJCL on, but I believe that there have been several conceptual issues noted by guys like tptacek to keep from recommending any client-side JS crypto (incl. SJCL) in general. Well, think about it economically. What's the incentive for those who are skilled and capable to go into the public sector instead of private enterprise. Elections suck, the press sucks, your fellow public servants suck, having to deal with the general public, etc. etc. Some days I wonder how we don't seem to encounter tons more corruption and incompetence at all levels of the U.S. government. As far as I can tell he was never charged with any variant of copying files. He was charged with unauthorized access to a computer network and wire fraud. Given your idea of what jail means for rich white kids like Aaron though, I'd just like to recommend that you actually look into the U.S. prison system (at worst you'll find out what's actually wrong with it and not have to make stuff up). That's more of a factor for the sentencing phase of a trial (a "mitigating" factor to be considered when adjudging a proper sentence). What you propose is vigilante justice (though without the violence we normally ascribe to it) and though I too am often sympathetic to that, the legal system is not (and we as a society have chosen that on purpose). A notable case study in subverting the law to change its effect is actually Richard M. Stallman. His GNU campaign was (and is) built on strong IP rights, which is how he managed to bootstrap a strong Free and open source software ecosystem that could survive being in competition with well-funded closed-source companies. RMS was careful the whole time to comply with the law as written since he understood that you can't force change to the legal code by simply imposing it on other people like some kind of 'benevolent dictator'. His quest is not at all finished by I'd like to think we'll at least solve the issue of software patents in my lifetime thanks to his hard work and the work of hundreds of others (including like-minded legislators!). Say what you want about aaronsw but the fact is that he jumped the shark when he broke into a computer network (repeatedly) in order to advance his aims, however benevolent they are. The plea bargain can be made conditional on acceptance by the judge though. Interestingly, the fun fact is something any mariner could have told a missile designer. We call it CBDR; Constant [relative] Bearing, Decreasing Range. Stay in CBDR for long enough and you're pretty much guaranteed a collision. "Vigilante justice" is simply justice applied outside of the legal framework. I see what you're getting at with civil disobedience though... I suppose the difference is in scope and scale. Someone passively resisting a bad law can certainly be said to not be a vigilante; they're not actively trying to to bring about their desired brand of justice, they are simply refusing to comply with the current legal version of it. One would not expect to bring out change only by themselves via civil disobedience, it's power comes from being applied across a group of people. Vigilante justice is different; you simply fix whatever situation is unjust. If Aaron had simply complied with his own manifesto (e.g. downloading an article at a time, organizing others to download articles, etc.) I think we could safely say he was simply being civilly disobedient. But he kicked it up a notch. He used technology to speed up his extraction of the entire JSTOR database. He evaded network blocks in the process. When he finally could go no farther on Wifi he hooked his computer directly within the assumed-safe MIT subnet. In short, civil disobedience was taking too long for him and he decided to escalate. So even if one agrees substantially with his desire for open access I hope it is understandable why people might disagree with his methods, and furthermore to understand why the legal system would disagree. We as a society have deliberately chosen to punish vigilantism because it breeds a world where justice applies only to those strong enough to enforce their worldview. Although Aaron was not physically violent he certainly had a leg up on 99.9% of the rest of the U.S. population with regard to "cyberskills", does he not? If I stole a million cars and returned them without a scratch to their rightful owner in order to achieve some desirable positive goal I would still get in trouble, because I am not Caesar and therefore don't get to decide which laws do and do not apply to me (however virtuous I might be as a person). We can debate about misdemeanor or felony, whether 3 months of prison or no jail time at all is appropriate but people seem to be shocked and amazed that the legal system would have taken an interest at all in this case, and I just don't understand why people think that. Well nothing works forever on a warship anyways, and the Navy is already very big on Preventative Maintenance (i.e. "fix it until it's broke"). So any plan assuming that a system will stay up for an entire deployment is negligent from the start; you might as well practice having to reboot the system from that perspective. Sure, I'm just saying that was (and is) par for the course already for the Navy. It would be like complaining that the software comes in a ugly box... even if it came in a nice box, the Navy would just throw the box away and stuff it in an ugly box anyways. > I merely pointed out that public prosecutions should only proceed if they are in the public interest. Sure, everyone agrees on the tautology, just like no one in Washington claims to like "Big Government" or wasteful spending. If one considers it in the public interest to ensure that those with advanced computer skills do not use those skills to essentially write their own laws, then it's not hard to see why prosecutors like Ortiz and Heymann would consider it necessary to bring charges against Swartz. It's "cybercrime", which they are responsible for prosecuting, the suspect has a manifesto indicating that this won't just be a one-off affair, the suspect has in fact done stuff like this before at a lesser scale, etc. etc. Now you or I might say that it's all for a good cause and that we can trust Aaron not to do anything actually seriously malicious, but I can also see why a reasonable Federal prosecutor just doing their job would not agree. That's not to say Ortiz has clean hands on all of this, just that there really is a plausible "public interest" reasoning to charging Swartz with something . If Swartz were allowed to continue unfettered where would it end (when you answer this remember that you're a lawyer, not a computer expert)? It's easy to say that IP law is stupid in a world of patent trolls and continuously-expanding copyright for corporations but that doesn't mean the right answer is to burn the whole building down. For instance, how did Swartz verify that he only downloaded publicly-funded articles? How much collateral damage is acceptable in the name of Open Access? Swartz may have had answers to all these questions but they're questions none-the-less, and questions I would expect that a reasonable U.S. prosecutor might have as well. The math treats pixels as point samples, because that's what sampling is . You can quibble about how a CCD cell in a camera converts its narrow field-of-view into its output but at the conclusion of the snapshot you will have a finite set of data points from that cell (the "pixel"), nothing more or less. His point is that after this sampling process all you can say about the original data is that the cell at X,Y recorded a value of RRGGBB (expand to as many bits as appropriate for your camera). That is a "point sample" by definition: An ordered pair of [ Point, Sample-Value ]. It doesn't matter how special your code that uses or creates the pixels, this is a simple fact-of-life of the physical sampling process itself. Given that you admittedly know nothing about the sampling, I would imagine that you would be careful about how you judge the adequacy of the fit for a mapping from the sampled data to arbitrary functions intersecting with the sample. > The NT4 boxes might well have insisted on being rebooted at an in-opportune moment. Well I've been on a boat that used NT4 for stupid office tasks and HP-UX somewhere in the actual Combat Control System. Guess which one shit the bed in the middle of our graded inspection when we were supposed to be tracking a simulated enemy in a life-or-death situation? (Hint: MS didn't write the OS). To rephrase it a bit, there are vanishingly few pieces of gear that the Navy assumes that must work in the middle of an attack, and most of the pieces that do fall under that assumption have manual overrides/backups/inherent redundancy/etc. In our situation, we switched over to paper-based methods and managed to keep the contact situation until the system could be rebooted. So if the Navy builds a ship that is single-point-of-failure on any commodity-OS-driven computer they deserve what they get. We've known since before WWII that survivability in combat requires redundancy. I don't think I even hinted at anything that stupid... Swartz did enough to face the possibility of charges even without counting what he might have done later. I am saying that the possibility of re-offending is one of the things a prosecutor has to consider when judging the public interest, especially in a resource-constrained environment. A Napoleonic-code type of civil law system, I'm assuming? Because the common-law system that the U.S. uses is much more complex, which increases the complexity for the lawyers, which increases the cost of the lawyers/judges/etc. However rich a few of the lawyers may be, most struggle through and don't pay off their student loans until comparatively late. But over there the lawyers are inexpensive (or simply unnecessary)? Because if that's the case it sounds like the issue is already solved, simply move to where you live. If the lawyers are expensive, but not for their clients, it simply means that someone else is footing the bill, which has analogs within the U.S. (public defenders) but most who can pay choose to forgo public defenders (assuming the state even provides that option). > The artifacts are specifically a result of pixels becoming corrupted during the compress-decompress cycle, and feature most prominently where the source function has discontinuities. Treating a pixel as a point sample of a smooth function removes our ability to consider such things. The pixels are not "corrupted", the source pixels are instead deliberately replaced by a pixel set that compresses better. The way the JPEG encoder chooses this replacement pixel set is why you see the artifacts in areas with significant edges: JPEG deliberately removes the image counterpart to high-frequency data, much the same way that MPEG audio encoding removes high-frequency audio. What you see is the "Gibbs effect" in the visual realm from deliberately throwing away that high frequency data, which is not at all due to "treating a pixel as a point sample" (since as before, that's the very definition of a pixel, a value at a point). The solution is easy enough: force JPEG to keep the extra data, by driving the quality to the maximum permitted level (at the penalty of horrible compression). JPEG has other artifacts too (e.g. you can see the block size used by the encoder), but those are also not inherent to treating pixels as point samples but are instead inherent to the design of the encoder. > He had the right to access all of the articles he downloaded individually. Had he downloaded them all individually he might have retained that right. As it stands, MIT and JSTOR both took action to remove his specific permission to do so, so it is incorrect to say that he had permission to download anything from JSTOR after his download permissions were removed. He should be prosecuted for repeatedly gaining unauthorized access to a computer network that he had no permission to be on. The manifesto simply shows to the prosecutors why he was doing that in the first place, and why he wasn't just some bored MIT student on a pen testing spree. If that's her plan they would need to be careful to avoid running afoul of the concept of "constructive dismissal". If you make the work environment so intolerable as to make someone quit the law generally treats it as if you had simply fired the employee. Can most claim that actually having to go to work is "intolerable" if they've not so much as logged into the VPN? Probably not. But the stay-at-home moms who can demonstrate they've been producing while teleworking might have a leg to stand on there. Consumption of dihydrogen monoxide correlates perfectly with onset of diabetes. In fact there is not one single person who has developed diabetes who hasn't ingested DHMO at some point in their life. No, the R^2 is 1.0 between (dhmo-exposure,got-diabetes). You're talking about (dhmo-exposure,!got-diabetes) which turns out to also have a 1.0 correlation, which was kind of the point of my snark in the first place. Those who don't understand even the basics of correlation are doomed to be led astray by statistics. The authors of the paper in question seem to understand it just fine, it would be nice if we could expect even minimal statistic comprehension from those making follow-on claims using the paper as supporting evidence. I am so, so, so disappointed that the narrative of the facts has been warped into something that isn't true. I expected it on Reddit, but not so much here. Given that I actually serve, let me explain why: He did the INFOSEC equivalent of dropping a nuclear bomb. Whistleblowing is going, "Hey, I have evidence of War Crime FOO, I should leak this to somebody and blow the whistle". Not, "Oh, look at all this data I have access to, let's just FTP this shiat up to the latest foreign national to hit the news". In the DoD whistle-blowing is actually a thing, believe it or not. For instance U.S. soldiers committed a horrible atrocity in Iraq involving murder, rape, and arson [1]. The world was alerted to this by an Army soldier (of all things) , Pfc. Justin Watt, who revealed it to a mental health practitioner, who got U.S. Army investigators involved. Notably, Pfc. Watt suspected his chain-of-command would not believe him or would try to cover it up, and yet he still managed to alert investigators without revealing an entire CD-R's worth of classified material. Pfc. Manning did none of this. He didn't alert U.S. Army CID, the U.S. Army Inspector General (IG), the DoD IG, an American friend back home, a fellow soldier, or even the American media (as the Pentagon papers had been revealed). Edit : Turns out that Pfc. Manning almost managed to inform the media, but ran out of patience (or coffee, or something). But all of this is assuming that Manning had details of a set of war crimes (1 or many). Even this ends up being more favorable to Manning than reality though. Manning didn't leak "war crimes", he leaked whatever info he could download , without verifying that it was all actually evidence deserving of whistle-blowing. Much of those "evidence of war crimes" were instead the most mundane types of reports (e.g. diplomatic cables describing how Putin and Berlusconi were buddy-buddy, or patrol reports describing how soldiers patrolled a certain area to verify the safety of an Afghan informant). However nice it might be to peek into diplomatic traffic from the outside, it was still classified, it was not evidence of war crimes, and Manning never read it all anyways before he leaked it to a foreign national over an unsecure network. "But what about all the good stuff he was trying to do?", you might ask. Turns out he even had an ulterior motive to be mad at the Army, he had recently been demoted from Specialist for physically assaulting a fellow soldier. I'll bet Pfc. Manning doesn't even know how much of his exfiltration job was to get back at the Army, and how much was to "blow the whistle". And either way, you don't do horrible things just because it turns out well for a few people (unless you're a Wall St. banker, I suppose). The saddest part is that prior to 9/11 Manning wouldn't have been able to dream of having access to the information he had access to. 9/11 exposed deep flaws in the U.S. government's ability to handle intelligence agencies amongst the various agencies. It was better for FBI to hoards its intel, CIA to do the same, and etc. all down the line. After 9/11 it was finally realized that this wouldn't work when trying to defend from the kind of terrorism which kills thousands of people at a shot, and so interagency cooperation became the watchword. The thinking went, if we can trust a soldier enough to die for his country, have his own weapon, and have him analyze the workings of an Islamist group in Iraq, then surely we can trust him if we give him all the intel he needs to do his job, right? Right? I mean really, who's the bigger threat here, Al Qaeda or Pvt. Garcia? But it only takes one disgruntled soldier to prove otherwise. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahmudiyah_killings Did you even read the article you linked? He talked in vague terms to a WaPo reporter. He canceled leaking the helicopter video to Politico because of weather. He "left a voicemail" with the public editor of the New York Times saying that he had something very important. How many of /those/ calls do they get in a day? But let's say you're right, and we'll call "trying a wee little bit to alert the American media" good. That was #6 on my list (I didn't even count "inform your shrink", btw). What happened to #1-#5? And why did he leak classified material that he didn't read, that was not evidence of war crimes? If you're just going to chisel on a single point of my wall of text then by all means go for it. In the meantime I'll see if I can edit to include how he almost managed to work up the cojones to drop the bombshell at an American newspaper but couldn't muster enough motivation, because I certainly don't want to be even slighty non-factual on HN. Please keep in mind that there is an ocean-sized gulf between "Manning did in fact leak classified material that he should not have" and "everything the U.S. military and government have ever done is A-OK". This is also a common refrain among some of Manning's supporters, but I try to treat people and arguments on their own merits. The enemy of my enemy is not necessarily my friend. I'm sorry if I gave off the impression that all/most Wall St. bankers are dirtbags, as I can't confirm that for exactly the reason you state. However I didn't think it would be too controversial that there are some who have taken action for the greater good of their bank and not for the greater good of the whole market though (or at least that was what all the media seemed to be saying at points over the past few years). > I have no sympathy for the officials who armed Manning and the rest of the military with the infosec equivalent of a nuclear bomb. Why did they have that info if it was so potentially dangerous? The reason was 9/11. Did they go overboard? Hell yeah they did, but that's how the military seems to operate (possibly the gov't too, who knows). It's always penduluming from one extreme to the next, they can never simply do the exact right thing. My opinion is that Daniel Ellsberg supports Manning for the simple reason that it aids his own activism, even if the facts are not 1:1 the same as his case was. And that's kind of an important point: Ellsberg helped author the Pentagon Papers and knew full well the import of what he leaked (to an American paper, btw, not Soviet, N. Vietnamese, or neutral party). Despite having a Top Secret clearance Ellsberg didn't leak other classified information that he may have had access to, as it didn't pertain to the lies that the government was feeding the public at the time. Well you don't get to complain about official channels when you don't make any attempt to use them. I mentioned how Pfc. Watt didn't trust his superiors on purpose to show that you could still blow the whistle with a non-sympathetic chain-of-command. For Ellsberg I'll just paste my comment from below: My opinion is that Daniel Ellsberg supports Manning for the simple reason that it aids his own activism, even if the facts are not 1:1 the same as his case was. And that's kind of an important point: Ellsberg helped author the Pentagon Papers and knew full well the import of what he leaked (to an American paper, btw, not Soviet, N. Vietnamese, or neutral party). Despite having a Top Secret clearance Ellsberg didn't leak other classified information that he may have had access to, as it didn't pertain to the lies that the government was feeding the public at the time. I don't at all disagree with ensuring that the public has all of the information available to them that can possibly be provided; that's already how it's supposed to work. I'm not on the inside of the Army but I'll say that much of what was leaked (as described by the Guardian, et al) was not that surprising, but that's because I was paying attention to existing public-source news, blogs, etc. But if Manning managed to only leak material that was already kind of out there, that was only by sheer luck (the first nuclear bomb killed no one after all; it was detonated in the middle of nowhere). > With respect to the harmful effects of what was leaked This is what we call "no harm; no foul". It's not something I believe in with regard to classified information (at least when you can't be bothered to actually read through the classified information). The reasoning is simple: Let's say for example that I tie you down and move to shoot you and realize I'm out of ammo. So I duck out of the hut to get more, and when I return you've been freed by a passing bystander. No harmful effects came to you, right? So I should just be free to go, right? No harm, no foul, after all. Just pretend that one of those diplomatic cables contained information about the location within Kyrgyzstan of various nuclear weapons physics packages that were coming up for inspection and disassembly by an American team of experts working on reducing the threat of nuclear weapons from the former USSR ending up in Islamist hands, including approximate location and schedule. If the possibility of that kind of laser-guided information about where to find enriched nuclear material (for a fission bomb or dirty bomb) doesn't scare you, you're not paying attention. And that's even assuming that America is the worst thing to happen to the world ever. That's actually kind of disappointing to hear... I'm a sailor. > Why? It didn't, so this is a non-issue. The reason we can pretend is that we're acting just like Pfc. Manning did; he didn't know what all he was leaking either. If I was designing a casualty procedure for a nuclear reactor with unknown conditions I would have to assume worst-case scenario. If I was designing a Ruby gem to convert arbitrary input into executable code I would have to assume worst-case scenario. And likewise here, if I'm going to move classified information of unknown contents then I should at least consider worst-case assumptions of what that data might contain. At least I bother to call it pretending. Manning just assumed it would be either "WAR CRIME" or relatively innocuous and got lucky. I linked in an example of where they did work... you've said only that people claim they don't work in general... I have data and you have anecdote. Can you try to do better before declaring victory on that point? :P :D I just feel sorry for the many other M. Pynes in Australia with my name. I jumped on the right GMail address and all the other ones have had to go without (though it doesn't stop their friends/associates from occasionally sending me mail meant for them). There are those who ascribe the 'Arab Spring' to the data leaked by Manning... I'm just still not sure whether that's good for Manning or bad for Manning. We're not talking about "company policy" here, we're talking about U.S. law, and the international military concept in general. Among the many other elements that go into signing away a few years of your life on a DD-2, is that you do in fact swear or affirm that you will use official channels where available, especially in the context of divulging information relative to the security of the 300+ million other citizens you've sworn to defend. He didn't even bother to try , and this was only some scant years after Pfc. Justin Watt proved it could be done . Please don't compare your Initech Employee Handbook to life and death conflict as if they're exactly equivalent. It's cool, I'll just re-link it: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahmudiyah_killings Would we still blame a company for leaking 6.5 million hashed passwords if the hackers decided for whatever strange reason not to take advantage of it? Would we blame someone for putting arsenic in their spouse's meal if the spouse coincidentally passed up dinner that night? Would we blame someone who killed a family of 5 by driving drunk on the road even though he or she is way too impaired to think straight? Whatever else I believe, I believe people are responsible for their own actions. If I mess up and things still don't go screwy it's luck , not a positive reflection on me. Honestly on a surface ship I can't think of very many 1-hit-kill components. Even in WWII tiny little Destroyer Escorts were able to withstand multiple shell hits from Japanese Heavy Cruisers and even the Yamato . (The Battle off Samar, if you want to wiki it). With the move toward computerization and long-range missile-based combat there's probably a lot of risk with the Fire Control System, Radars (e.g. AEGIS), stuff like that. But even blind you can at least run away, and the CIWS has an independent fire-control radar for last-resort self-defense. Submarines are more problematic. There's only the one pressure hull, only the one reactor, only the one main propulsion train, and watertight compartmentalization only exists for the reactor compartment. This makes everything about subs more expensive since all work that affects these things has to be formally controlled and QA'ed, re-tested, etc. to avoid losing more subs like we lost Thresher and Scorpion . > According to Kohlberg's theory of moral development, recognizing rule of law as the authority is only the fourth of six stages. Where does "I will keep the promises I make to other people" fall into there? Interesting! Does sudo somehow get confused about checking for a password at all when the current date is the UNIX epoch? I wonder, does this require the user to be listed in sudoers with any privileges or is it just straight to root? sudo -k resets the "needs a password to be entered" flag by changing the last-password-entered time to appear to be the UNIX epoch (time 0). If you then change the date to be the same day (which can be done without root permissions in modern Linux distros by using polkit or similar things), then you can use sudo to run commands as root without a password. Presumably, sudo checks the 'last-successful-login' entry alone before deciding whether to require a password. It ends up thinking you've previously successfully logged in even if you've never actually typed in the needed password. Copyright is the bedrock of much of the Free and open source software I use every day so in that regard I think it's a great thing. That doesn't mean there are not improvements to be made to its application in practice, or that copyright justifies the use of any number of unethical tools (like DRM). Nothing can ever be free if you use the logic that "People are allowed to donate in support of my work" Just because people debate it doesn't mean it doesn't exist. See http://cr.yp.to/publicdomain.html for example. You know, I was going to post about how stupid the gov't was on this from reading the title. But he wasn't arrested simply because of his jacket. He was arrested because his jacket was political in nature, he was asked to take it off or leave, and he refused to leave. If I asked someone to leave my business and they didn't, I'd have them removed by police too if it became necessary. For those who think there are free speech rights in a judicial building, try being the one to make repeated outbursts in a courtroom. If nothing else the government is being consistent here. Read the law again, it doesn't depend on whatever case is being debated, it's generic in scope. Any political banner, display, etc. is excluded, not just ones pertaining to a case being argued. Just install the goddamn DoD root certificates and the client browser will work just fine. I've used approximately zero DoD computers since 2005 that had the SSL CA chain misconfigured for use on DoD websites. It's really not that hard, even my Linux box here works fine. For DoD it's already a requirement that any emails with URLs or other "clickable links" are digitally signed (possibly this is true for attachments too, I'm not sure). However this is a policy which is not computer-enforced, which means of course that it's fairly useless in practice. I haven't read Tinker v. Des Moines in some time so don't take this as ironclad, but keep in mind that the school students are in general required to go to school. No one is forcing the protestors to walk inside the Supreme Court building and so I'm not sure the same logic would apply. You have a good point with the yarmulke example, and in fact some states (like California) have even broader protections on what reasons unrelated to an actual business need you can use to ask someone to leave the premises. So if the pilot of the Enola Gay was hopped up on speed when he dropped the bomb, that would make it OK? Either way, inasmuch as it helped to shorten the war, prevent American invasion, and prevent Soviet invasion the atomic bombs actually probably saved Japanese lives overall (civilian and military both). Most notably, news of the second atomic bomb came while the Emperor Hirohito and his cabinet were meeting to discuss what to do about the first, and about the Soviet invasion of Manchuria. Even though they received the news of the second bombing earlier that day the cabinet still deadlocked 2-2 on the question of whether to surrender; it was Hirohito himself who had to decide that enough was enough. The Emperor would record his surrender announcement to be played back the next day... in the meantime elements of the Imperial Japanese Army decided to overthrow the government in order to prevent the surrender announcement from being broadcast. Two high-level officials were killed in the process, a senior Army general killed himself rather than stop the coup, and the bravery of some of the palace staff managed to keep the broadcast from falling into the hands of the conspirators. So I'm not sure we'll ever know exactly how much the atomic bomb weighed into that, but it certainly appears to have been more than zero, even though its destructive effect was not significantly more than what was already being experienced by other Japanese cities sustaining wave upon wave of conventional bombing (which relatively few people ever seem to complain about for some reason). This is, believe it or not, not even the dumbest part about DMCA. However the legalese is worded, it seems mostly focused towards trying to prevent mass copyright infringement in a digital age. If you're someone who just wants to use your legally-acquired media then IMO (and IANAL!) you should fall into the "Reverse Engineering/Interoperability" exception of 1201(f) http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap12.html They word it as the exception being granted for "programs exchanging information with programs" but I see no reason why that would not mean, in practice , libdvdcss foo_player. Going back to what I said at first, a far dumber part of DMCA is that they actually ban the manufacture and import of analog video playback equipment (VHS, Beta, etc.) that doesn't obey "automatic gain control" copy control features. How many electrical engineering students might have run afoul of that in the course of their studies? (Edit: 1201(k) for those who want the reference) Well, it depends on what people are offended about. If they're offended that a shirt exists somewhere, anywhere, saying to rape someone then sure, there's probably no difference here. If they're offended that some asshole went out of their way to make a shirt talking about raping people then it's a bit different. There never was anyone who went out of their way to make a shirt. This is the near-equivalent of running "rm -rf * /" to remove only sub-directories and accidentally inserting the extra space. So should they have checked their verb list better, or thought more about the possibility of what their algorithm would generate? Absolutely! But their sin was not nearly as bad as actually thinking that such a shirt would be acceptable to make. Read the whole thing, I'll bet you'll be satisfied with his answers regarding that. The way he's discussing it, EVs are an immediate win for efficiency with the option (not requirement) of being solar-sustainable. I think the thing I was most surprised about is that the Iraq and Afghanistan war logs were the very first thing Manning had uploaded to WikiLeaks, and this happened far before Manning had been given the order to determine what other anti-Maliki literature was being drummed up by the FP 15. I had always had the impression that Manning had been generally dissatisfied by American geopolitics but that the FP 15 order had been the last straw for him and that he'd started divulging information to WikiLeaks all at once. It wasn't like that at all. He released the Iraq/Afghanistan actions database way before any of that. Before he saw the "Collateral Murder" video. Before the FP 15. Even before he punched a soldier in the face (around 8 May 2010, which was his "altercation"). WTF. He was essentially a WikiLeaks mole working on the inside... even though he made clear that no one from WikiLeaks pressured him into divulging information he also freely admits that some of the information he went out of the way to find, was simply because it was a matter of discussion in the WikiLeaks IRC/Jabber chat. He freely admits releasing documents that he felt could possibly harm the U.S. as well: "Of the documents release[d], the cables were the only one I was not absolutely certain couldn’t harm the United States." And why did he release these cables if they were the only documents that were risky? "I believed exposing this information might make some within the Department of State and other government entities unhappy." He also talked about reading quotes after WWI, about how "the world would be a better place if states would avoid making secret pacts and deals with and against each other." Certainly true! However he seemed to have missed the history lesson from WWII , where the U.K. and the U.S. both enjoyed significant military advantages thanks to their signals intelligence and codebreaking feats. If Manning were as smart an intelligence analyst as he claims to be then he should know full well that information which is unclassified individually may still be a risk to national security (and therefore classified) if released as an aggregate. The U.S. did this to the Japanese several before the Battle of Midway; for instance an increase in message traffic from the Japanese Naval base at Truk was a clue to the intelligence analysts at Station Hypo at Pearl Harbor that the Japanese fleet was prepping for a major operation, even though they couldn't break the code . (A good book to read regarding this is Ian Toll's "Pacific Crucible"). I suppose at least I can't say he was doing this to get back at the Army per se, since he'd done everything before they reduced him in rate. But conversely, much of what he leaked was not "war crimes" at all, but merely stuff to "start a debate". I'm not really sure what to think about all of it. It seems to me that based on his very half-hearted attempts to go to the media that he was intending all along to go to WikiLeaks (whether consciously or not), and that the reasoning for it was not about specific things at all (at least the initial leaks). I wish he would have talked about why he felt the need to brag to Lamo about it. Maybe that (talking to Lamo) was brought on by his stress from his punishment from the Army, it would almost be doubly ironic if the way he unmasked himself ultimately came about from his own fist hitting the face of another soldier. Even the U.S. government isn't stupid enough to execute Pfc. Manning for aiding the enemy. And even if the U.S. government was, Col. Lind (given that she will be the single-point-of-lightning-rod for any sentence adjudged) would not be that stupid as she probably has better things to do than get "martyred" herself after the trial is over. But let's say that Col. Lind wants to live in a "Witness Protection"-esque program for the rest of her life... any sentence of execution has to be approved by the President himself (MCM Rule 1207), and whatever else you might say about him, he's more politically-savvy than to allow that to happen. But wait.... this is all only possible if the death penalty was declared from the start, and the government chose from the beginning not to go for it. So it looks like "suicide by court-martial" is out of the running, at least. Yes, NMCI. But like I said, it works on my home computer too. Google for DISA InstallRoot (or try going here and running through the steps http://iase.disa.mil/pki-pke/getting_started/index.html ) It is true that they go through the intermediate CAs fairly quickly, but the actual root is still at CA-2 from what I can tell. DNS security is certainly a concern, but not the kind of concern that leads to SSL warning popups unless there's something else screwy going on. But then maybe Chrome is seeing screwy stuff that MSIE doesn't know to check for... I'm not even sure exactly... the Manning case has confused me since it came out. The biggest question was always why . His supporters claimed it was about war crimes, but it couldn't be that by sheer breadth of unrelated information he leaked. The motive of getting back at the Army at least made sense, but he makes fairly clear that his NJP was the last thing that happened, not the first. So an idealistic quandary? Perhaps he wasn't yet sufficiently jaded but he had to have known nothing would change going that route. By leaking indiscriminately, at such sheer scale, and information that's not actually pointing to a war crime or other government malfeasance he opens the government up to many defenses against what the information contained. But either way, he said he wouldn't. He said further that if he did uncover evidence of wrongdoing that he would report it properly. I mean let's put it a different way. You provide a SaaS/PaaS /what-have-you to a Fortune 50 enterprise. What, ethically , would stop you from snooping at their data and leaking it? If you contort your logic enough, as happened to Manning, you could easily flip it around entirely to claim that you had a moral imperative to look for wrongdoing in the emails and documents of these large multi-nationals that affect so many lives across the world. Presumably we can rely on the tech startups incubated at HN not to do this, but why? Why would it be OK for Manning and not your cloud provider? Why would it not be OK for the cloud provider and OK for Manning? I guess in the end that's what I wonder most about, even now. Why? I and probably millions of others have had the opportunity "to start a public debate" if that's all we were worried about, but we didn't. Why did Manning? L'appel du vide? The stress of being LGBT in the military? And how can we balance the need for transparency in military and government with the very real need for INFOSEC to protect the same? There's a difference between secret from US citizens and restricted from public (I.e. worldwide) disclosure. Classified material is kept from US citizens as a side-effect of it not being public. Believe it or not there are certain limited exceptions in practice to those classification requirements, since the exceptions don't translate to full public disclosure. E.g. a military spouse knowing the week to expect their spouse's return home, something which is normally classified from public disclosure until after it's already occurred. It's definitely not the lowest clearance you can get. The clerk shuffling HR paperwork at an admin office for military technically needs to be screened as well (since they'll be handling PII and responsible for pay system updates), but they certainly don't need access to TS info. > Those quotes were from a book with the topic "Open Diplomacy". He was talking about the reason for releasing the diplomatic cables and not about nuclear missile codes or secret uboot positions. So individual soldiers now get to decide which information is actually sensitive and which is not? Also, should GMail start leaking emails from Fortune 500 companies and local/state governments by the same logic you employ? > Your entire post is twisting the facts just to make him look bad. I'm trying to evaluate and see to the underlying reality. People will try to say what they think puts them in the best light while hinting around what might actually be the core of the issue (I'm certainly no different unless I pay close attention to what made it into the textarea). I mean, practically the worst thing you could say in that courtroom if you're trying to avoid lengthy jail time is a variant of "Oh, I just felt like starting a public debate on topic $FOO". Especially when that was the reason for your first-ever leak. At least with the FP 15 and the Reuters FOIA issues pretty much anyone who isn't cold-blooded can easily sympathize with Manning. I simply would have expected him to come across those issues first , not essentially last. > Yes, he knew that he would get caught eventually (right before he started releasing the material) and that is why he went to two different newspapers just to make sure he does not look like a wikileaks mole once he got caught. Come. ON. Army CID, Army IG, DoD IG, the Chaplain, a medical mental health practitioner, actually going to a physical office of the NYT or WaPo. He could have (but didn't) do any of these if he wanted to avoid the accusation of pre-selecting WikiLeaks. That's not even the weirdest part. He was already lurking in their chat, soon to be friends (as he perceived it) with DDB or Assange, their ethics and geopolitics were right up his alley, etc. That part doesn't even surprise me one bit, I see his failure to motivate himself to go to a media source every week, when I fail to wake up 2 hours early on Monday "because I'm going to start working out". That's just basic human psychology. The seed had already been planted in his mind, it was just a matter of how long it would take for him to convince himself that he could live with himself. With this much I'm 100% in agreement with jacquesm elsewhere: He should never have been screened for that position. Raw intelligence cannot be the sole or primary determining factor for what position you're assigned. Read his statement. His entire job was to sift through all available information to present the best and most accurate possible picture to his chain-of-command for use when formulating courses of action. That wouldn't just entail what the "enemy" is doing, that would also include what other government agencies are up to, what allies are up to, links to the other major field of combat for the Army, etc. Given that is what his job entailed though, you would think they would have a much more stringent screening process for access to that material. With nuclear weapons they have a specific personnel reliability program ( http://www.ncis.navy.mil/securitypolicy/PRP/Pages/NuclearWea... ). I'm not saying they need something as stringent for intel analysts but they need to have something . Doesn't your Wiki link specifically mention that the media organizations did not release them wholesale? "The Times has taken care not to publish information that would harm national security interests." Seems pretty straightforward. "Vetted by" just means that the NYT had access to it beforehand, but they didn't publish it all, WikiLeaks did. Fancier than what we get in the Navy. :( Was it a question of conscience though? As far as I could tell from the statement that was linked, he came to no conclusion more specific than that "war sucks" when leaking the SIGACTs. Good job, but we've known that since before the Code of Hammurabi. Did he really think that Americans were convinced that no civilian casualties ever occurred, or that a population of hundreds of thousands (that had been a bunch of high schoolers just a few years prior) were 100% "good guys" without exception? Many of those soldiers aren't even old enough to drink . That wasn't an oversight; the public has known, and always have. That is the big difference from the Pentagon Papers. In that situation it was uncovered that the President had been trying to force the country to war. Here we already know why we're at war (9/11 and Dubya for Afghanistan and Iraq resp.). Manning had nothing to add about why the U.S. was at war. A 'smoking gun' revealing gov't interference beyond what is already known for Iraq would have been useful, at least. So, if that [war being bad] was his reason for wanting to "start a public debate" it was pointless, completely dead on arrival. And in the event, look what happened. A bunch of people have died in Africa and the Middle East, but the military plans of the U.S. itself were never seriously questioned, let alone altered. The U.S. still goes after Islamists, don't they? > Manning can speak about why he did and you can speak about why you didn't. Oh you're so cute, with your Cloak of Superior Morality. Answer this for me: You're obviously skilled with computing, why aren't you extracting the information you need, if it's a moral imperative? For what it's worth I'm pretty sure that everything I'm holding onto is actually better in the grand scheme of things but by all means, point out my "guilty conscience" to me. > Given that, IMHO it comes down to a moral judgement on just how terrible the actions the company was committing. OK, I would actually tend to agree (and for what it's worth, so would DoD and the law). But when does the aggregate of those "minor" issues become so large that you'd feel it's a major Sit-B issue? It seems to me that if you simply scoured long enough at a large enough company that you should eventually have enough to feel that you have something major, simply by definition. So then the question might become, why don't email providers do this (search their clients communications and files)? The threat of the law isn't the answer as everyone would simply remind you that you have a moral imperative to break the law. I'm not trying to pose these questions to you personally at this point but they certainly bear thinking about, especially nowadays when we're trying to migrate everything to the cloud. At some point (if you're a tech at a cloud provider) you have to think that they only reason you don't see evil on your servers is because you're not looking hard enough. So how many civilian casualties do we lay at Manning's feet, if he's responsible for the Arab Spring? The suicide watch he was placed on was a bum-standard procedure, believe it or not. The judge in his trial has ruled that he was kept in prevention of suicide status far longer than was necessary, but they don't seem to have innovated any special procedures for Manning. At the same time, it's not everyday that an intelligent soldier with mental issues and possible gender identity confusion on the most far-reaching modern case of deliberate information leakage comes into your brig. Manning's own lawyers admit that he joked about killing himself, and especially at first there was the real danger of being killed by one of the other prisoners. And the fallout of Manning being killed in prison would be extreme , to say the least. Manning was not treated like a general prisoner, but at least part of that was because he wasn't just a random prisoner accused of a normal crime. I can see exactly what jacquesm is talking about here actually. I think he's talking about instability as in issues with inhibition. Kind of like how people sometimes commit the stark crime of saying what you really think when drunk, Manning might have taken an action that others merely only think about because that little part of you that says "BAD IDEA MAN" was asleep on watch at the time. If nothing else his "instability" would be consistent with his behavior at other times, before and after he joined the Army. Finally, something we fully agree on! :) However you may be surprised to hear that most (on the ground at least) are not actually going around playing Let's Clean our Bayonets With Civilian Guts everyday... I would be interested in an answer to my original question then. We do still blame Bush for "bringing democracy to Iraq" after all, seems like fair's fair. If Xfractint is the "stone soup" fractal program then I remember. :) Probably the first program I actually remember was a ratty ol' Mandlebrot fractal generator in Turbo Pascal 7.0 from probably around 1994-95 or so. Then I saw programs that were coded by people who actually knew what they were doing and my head asploded. :) > Bringing democracy to Iraq was never a stated goal of any US administration. From Bush's speech: "A campaign on harsh terrain in a vast country could be longer and more difficult than some have predicted. And helping Iraqis achieve a united, stable, and free country will require our sustained commitment. Yet, whatever is required of us, we will carry out all the duties we have accepted." (emphasis mine, http://georgewbush-whitehouse.archives.gov/news/releases/200... ) But either way, let's take it as true, the Bush White House was not exactly consistent with regarding to the reasoning for invading Iraq at any point. However, bringing democracy to the countries affected by the Arab Spring wasn't always the stated goal either, no? At least for Libya, Syria, and Egypt the issue was the corruption of the then-current government. Although in all of those cases the end result appears to be on track for some kind of democratic state, it's not looking very promising in Egypt IMHO. And who knows where the ruins of Syria will end up? > If Iraq had a true democracy they'd nationalize the oil fields Well Big Oil was doing just fine before the U.S. invaded Iraq, and in general seem to do better when Islamists aren't blowing up their pipelines. So while I "rah rah bad corporations" too I'm not quite to the point where I'm willing to pin all geopolitical maneuvers on what's best for Exxon-Mobil. You're exactly right that Iraq is potentially in a better position to force re-negotiation of oil contracts than Saddam's Iraq was; they could simply buy off the puppet. So maaaybe we should be careful about all the accusations "Blood for Oil" for Iraq in 2003, as the war made no sense at all from the perspective of Western oil companies. Even now I have no clue as to why Bush actually invaded Iraq but I don't think it was oil. Even if it was somehow much easier for American companies to get access to Iraq's oil after a protracted occupation, it wouldn't be worth the capital (let alone human) cost overall even for all the oil in Iraq. Even if Bush didn't know that, all his oil friends that he was buddy-buddy with could easily tell him. > There was also the alternative that US general MacArthur actually recommended, which was to continue firebombing them into submission. You can't actually be serious? The firebombing of Tokyo caused more deaths, not less, than either of the atomic bombs. From http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bombing_of_Tokyo : "The Operation Meetinghouse firebombing of Tokyo on the night of 9/10 March 1945 was the single deadliest air raid of World War II;[2] greater than Dresden,[13] Hiroshima, or Nagasaki as single events." > As an aside, do you really think that in a country that was in complete shambles, that any word of a bomb that had killed everyone around it, or that word of the real damage would have gotten to the emperor in the time it took them to surrender? The Emperor knew the same day. However much of a "shambles" the Home Islands may have been in, the Japanese at least had telegraph cables, and when they stopped responding from Hiroshima, and when the outskirts of Hiroshima wired news of a horrific bomb detonation they actually sent planes over to investigate and confirm. > The most likely reason that they surrendered was that they knew they were hooped once the Soviets finally joined the war against them on August 8th. The U.S.S.R. declaration of war certainly caught them by surprise; but the Japanese were certainly not stupid. They knew the war was not winnable by 1943 when they lost the strategic initiative in the Pacific to the U.S. The U.S. had the men, the Navy, and the equipment already in-theatre for the invasion. The U.S.S.R. had the men but not the naval or air forces needed to cover an amphibious invasion before the U.S. could start, so their entering the war only had a strategic impact for Manchukuo (and later, North Korea). The only ones who could tell if the Japanese were actually ready to surrender were the Japanese. They refused to surrender after Hiroshima. They refused to surrender after the U.S.S.R. declared war. Finally after Nagasaki their cabinet deadlocked 2-2 on the decision to surrender. The Emperor himself broke the tie by deciding for peace (a decision which brought a minor coup of its own). Adm. Leahy was correct if he was using Western logic and ideals. In fact it was clear since 1943 that Japan would be defeated and had to surrender or eventually lose the war. He's also correct that it was of no material assistance compared to conventional weaponry. There were only so many atomic bombs available and the B-17s rampaging across Japan were certainly doing a fine job as well. The part I don't understand is why he thought atomic bombing a city was barbarous, but firebombing Tokyo was how gentlemen conducted warfare. More Japanese died in a single firebombing raid than died in Dresden, Hiroshima, or Nagasaki. This raid I mention occurred in March 1945 by the way, not August. In light of that it's hard to claim with a straight face that conventional weapons were forcing Japan to surrender before invasion of the Home Islands. They had every reason to surrender in March if that was their only tripwire to decide to do so. Also to note, the most accurate available SNES emulator is byuu's "bsnes", which is meant to be an archival-quality SNES emulator. Although it looks like now it's called "higan" since it supports more systems than just SNES. http://www.byuu.org/ > What would you assume would happen if a whistleblower stepped forward and revealed lies and corruption Which one are we talking about, a whistleblower or Bradley Manning? I would say it's something that makes you evaluate the difference between short-term and long-term good things (e.g. a policy that drives up income in the short term may wreck your business in the long term). Or alternately, the difference between a good thing, and a good thing with collateral damage. Well let's be fair, we're talking about him because he didn't rest on his laurels, he's been out there doing more and more. Personally I thought it was hilarious, you can hardly be more gentle in the process of 0wning a system like that and as I recall he did try to warn them beforehand. True, but the problem is that if ROMs were copyable with no legal issue that other companies besides Namco would be able to serve that market. That's only a problem if you feel Namco should be able to continue in the copyright for those works obviously, I'm just pointing out that a difference in intended market isn't sufficient for Namco to drop interest in copyright.