When I was in college, I figured out that the education you get doesn't really change. However, what does change is the people that you are associating with. At the "elite" colleges, there is a greater percentage of smart students, which lends itself to more productive discussions and more difficult tests that force you to challenge yourself. Also, it is like the difference between the regular classes in high school and advanced classes -- in the advanced classes you cover the same material, but with greater breadth and a deeper understanding. And the number 1 biggest advantage of going to an elite college is that you have a much better chance of meeting the world's future movers and shakers -- the people that will be the educational and business leaders of the next generation. That alone is a good reason to go to an elite college. So I have to disagree, and say that there are indeed advantages to going to an elite college, just not the advantages that most people think. I did read to the end, but I didn't really see anything in there indicating that there is still a benefit to going to an elite school. I just read it again, and still didn't see anything. My interpretation of this essay is that one's success won't be predicated on which school you go to, and that is the point that I am disagreeing with. Did I misinterpret the point of the essay? Ah. I guess being in the footnote made me think it was more of an offhanded comment than a major counterpoint to the premise of the essay. Perhaps in an edited version, this should get its own paragraph. Paul, here is another point to backup your premise: one of the best ways to meet potential investors/acquirers is to go to the same social events that they do. If you live in the same place as them, even if you aren't going to a startup-oriented social event, you still have a good chance of running into them and striking up a conversation. Case in point -- my cousin wants to make movies. So he decided to move to LA and get a job as a bartender. He went to bartending school and then got a job at a bar that is frequented by producers and other movie industry folk. One day he served a drink to a producer, mentioned to the guy that he wanted to make movies, and is now working on a couple of movie deals. That could have never happened even if he continued to live in his native Orange County, only 40 miles away. Are you sure about that? reddit hit 50k uniques about 6 months after it launched. I'd say the discourse was very similar to what it is here at that point in the game. "Please submit the original source. If a blog post reports on something they found on another site, submit the latter. ... Don't abuse the text field in the submission form to add commentary to links. The text field is for starting discussions. If you're submitting a link, put it in the url field. If you want to add initial commentary on the link, write a blog post about it and submit that instead." These rules appear to be in direct opposition to each other. Could someone elaborate on which is the appropriate method? You know, it really turns people off when you go around spamming your links all over the place (I've seem them both here and on reddit). You may have a great site, but perhaps you should let your technology speak for itself. If it is truly great, people will come through word of mouth. The risk is that if your startup fails, you've traded what probably would have been a great salary at a larger company, so essentially you gave up that guaranteed income for the more risky startup. I recently had to answer this question when my girlfriend's mom friended me. I waited a while, but in the end I thought, what the heck, I don't have anything in there that's a secret. I'm sure that decision will haunt me. As Trevor was kicking his legs and pushing on his knees, I was waiting for Dexter to turn around and slap him silly. Guess I've been reading too much SciFi. We hope that it can't be gamed. We have protections in place to make sure the top 10 reddits can't be gamed, and also, you can pick your own reddits, completely avoiding the problem. How is this different than user created reddits on reddit? The only difference I see is that you can change the colors here. However, I will say that the colors are nice. :) You don't so much fail at grad school as fail at finding lucrative work afterwards. There are plenty of middle class folks in the "biz". These are the makeup artists, sound designers, animators, model makers and so on. They all make a good living pursuing their dream. Im curious as to why you think reddit can't serve those niches right now? You can create a private reddit just for you and your family, you can create a pet lover reddit, a reddit for you favorite sports team, etc. Is this perhaps a marketing problem of reddit's? What about the fact that it is far easier to steal your credit card/identity and then just buy the stuff one wants, instead of trying to find someone with the stuff you want and then stealing it. I would not expect any correlation between IQ and success. A good IQ test will give you a general indication of a person's logic, reasoning and spacial abilities. It does not test one's ability to empathize or interact with others, two skills which are essential for "reaching the top". Therefore, IQ is really only good for measuring a person's potential for gaining new knowledge quickly, not measuring what their future success should be. That's in part because Leopard's built in firewall is awful. I realize that was not the reason it was beaten so easily here (Safari was to blame in this case), however it seems like a good time to say this: I have no idea why Apple switched away from using iptables, a host based firewall that has been tried and tested for almost 20 years, to using a brand new, closed source, black box firewall. > 2.) "It's not scalable enough." The Washington Post runs on Django; I doubt you're going to get more pageviews than them. Just FYI, the Washington Post does not use Django for their main page. They only use it for small side projects. At reddit we tried to use Django, but had to switch to Pylons because, lo and behold, it wasn't scalable. Specifically, it has a problem caching templates under high loads. You should look at some of the other reddits, where less crazy people hang out. :) The show will be broadcast online as well as on TV. The reason to watch the show is that you get the opinions of some well known journalists discussing the issues back and forth -- at least, that is the theory. And I believe you mean justin.tv. I guess the "save these changes" button needs to be made more obvious. A lot of people seem to be missing it. One of my old bosses had a similar problem. When she has her twins, both her and her husband had excellent carrers. What they decided was that she would stay home with the kids for two years, while the other worked. The idea was that should would be "out of touch" for a short enough time that she could get back in without much loss. Then when it was her turn to work, her husband arranged to work part time from home. The kids were self sufficient enough that he could focus on his programming for short stints during the day and for longer periods at night when his wife got home. He was able to do enough work to "stay in the game." In fact, he liked it so much he decided to do it for another 2 years. At that point the girls were in pre-school, so had about 3 hours each day to get work done while they were gone, could then play with them the rest of the day, and finish his work at night when his wife was there. The girls are now 6 and in school for most of the day. He's looking at going back to work full time, but given how much he enjoys working from home, he may just keep doing that for a while. Heh. If the teacher was REALLY well paid, even for the Bay Area, they would get maybe 80k a year. The starting salary in Palo Alto (the highest in the bay area) is under 50k. A teacher with 10 years of experience will probably be making about 75k. http://www.pausd.org/community/employment/teachers/teacher_s... Actually, scaling twitter is a solved problem. There is a company in India called SMS GupShup that does the same thing as twitter, except they have 3 times the number of users and more SMS users. And they don't have downtime. http://anand.typepad.com/datawocky/2008/06/indias-sms-gupshu... You already have that option with pretty much every phone except the iPhone. Every carrier will let you buy the hardware at an "unsubsidized" rate, and then get a contract with a higher monthly price, but no lock in. It's just that no one does it, because it is so much more costly. Melanie Griffith starred in Working Girl. The rest of your post was spot on though. :) http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096463/ > I laughed because I was sure she was kidding. Turns out she wasn't. ... It turns out she never did follow through on her threats. I'm confused. Doesn't that mean she was kidding? Or at least, how does her making false threats reinforce your paranoia? We have used both at reddit. Performace-wise they are comparable for us, but nginx was a lot easier to configure, and lighttpd had a nasty bug that made us switch away (for the life of me though, I can't remember what the bug was). We just use an http load balancer (haproxy) and have the app servers talk http directly. No need for a web server, which makes things much more stable. We use nginx for static content though (haproxy points at nginx for the static content). Yeah, the new version of haproxy has been shown to be able to hold up on a 10Gbps connection with no problems. We're using 1.3.15.2 with a couple of patches from the experimental version. Heh, no. But that would have been funny. Actually, teej reminded me what it was -- under heavy load, the load balancing algorithm would completely break down, and put all the traffic on the first few app servers on the list, and nothing on the last few. Yeah, that was it! The load balancing algorithm completely broke down under load. Process management is done with a custom tool. In theory we could have a dynamic number of apps, but in practice it is static. Occasionally we have to take a few out of rotation, and haproxy handles it just fine. That doesn't say how many times the app had to be resubmitted before approval. I'd like to see the rate of first time rejections. I wrote this on his blog: I commend your resolve to continue, but there is one fatal flaw in your argument: point 3. Google has absolutely no intention of ever making money from their telecom products. In fact, Google considers them a cost of business. Why? Because they are trying to build the largest corpus of spoken text in the world. They are simply collecting data. The purpose of that data is to build the best text to speech algorithms in the world, so that they could then make it possible to search for audio. For example, imagine the power of being able to search for a spoken phrase in a youtube video. So I don't ever expect them to shut down the services or charge for them. At least not until they have text to speech down pat. I used to work with the anti-fraud folks at PayPal. Most of them jumped ship to Google about 2 years ago. PayPal was data driven, but required a human to verify the results. Google is simply data driven. That should help explain why they seem even worse than PayPal. The answer was right in the article -- tractor feed paper. 10s of thousands of pages without having to refill a tray. Yet another feature Digg has copied from reddit: http://code.reddit.com :) You can ask me questions here or on reddit: http://www.reddit.com/a2zte Not sure yet. Our site is mostly text. Yes, but it is all dynamic content, which it why it needs so many resources, if that is what you are getting it. Also, Akamai offloads a lot of the traffic from us. We still like PG and gang, we wouldn't want to crap all over them like that. ;) Edit: Since the poster deleted the comment, it said: "You should advertise Hacker News on reddit" By the way, if any of you want in on the beta, mention either YCombinator or Hacker News in your email to betaparty@reddit.com and we'll put you on the top of the beta list. These are all great points. However, I just want to point out that reddit has had sponsored links for 10 months now, and our advertisers have been quite pleased with their conversion rates. We've also run some of our own ads in there, and had fantastic conversion. Competition is good for everyone! We're more than happy to take your money. :) We run all of reddit on ec2, which includes a bunch of postgres servers. Each one is running with a single EBS. However, I've heard horror stories of people trying to run much less busy databases and having lots of problems, usually with MySQL. Those databases are all on XLarge instances, so there is minimal sharing, and we've also gone to great lengths to make sure all of our normal queries are in indexes, so the disk gets hit less. We also have a read slave for every database to alleviate read loads. One thing you might want to do is run 'iostat -xtc' on your current box and put that in a log file. Then go back and analyze it and see what your average and peak reads and writes are. Amazon's max for a single EBS appears to be about 1000 ops / second (at least, that is what we were doing when they told us we maxed out the performance of the disk). Good luck! Edit: I forgot to mention that on all the database disks, we use ext2 and noatime. Both decrease the total number of writes necessary, and have very little downside (the biggest being that you have to fsck on a crash). I'm beginning to thing that MySQL does something very different with disks than Postgres, because everyone I've talked to that said they had a problem had been running MySQL, and everyone who has been successful has been running Postgres (myself included). If you're using Windows, I would stay away from EC2 right now. They aren't quite mature enough for Windows yet. If you look at the EC2 forums, the majority of complaints are about Windows bugs. Actually, you might want to try and get in on Microsoft's Azure beta. We had some of databases at EC2 since November of 2008, and moved the rest of them over in May 2009. To buy physical hardware equivalent to that instance, yes, it would be cheaper. However, you need to also factor in the costs of keeping that machine in a rack for 3 years with power and cooling. When I worked out the costs, it ended up being cheaper to use EC2 by about 30%. My datacenter was a bit expensive, but that is because I was looking at datacenters in San Francisco, since I don't want to have to drive to the middle of nowhere when I have to do maintenance on the physical machine. Also, I was comparing against 1 year reserved instances, which is what I use now. I'm not at liberty to discuss reddit's revenues, but what I can tell you is that the entire operational cost of the site (about $15K last month) is small compared to the human cost (ie. salary and benefits) We use EBS for all of reddit's databases. We occasionally run into IO limits when doing a vacuum, but that is about it. Hopefully soon! > Do you RAID them? No > What size instances do you use? Databases are m1.xlarge. We actually looked at Cassandra and found it to be slower than memcachedb. However, we readily admit that we probably configured it wrong. Just mdadm. Actually, we did work with Amazon. The RAID was their suggestion. That's not entirely true. Yes, it is true that getting servers was hard, and that was definitely a factor. But the bigger factor for me was that I was tired of having to build, image and rack all those servers. I liked the flexibility of EC2, and also not having to waste resources ordering a full rack's worth of hardware every time. Cost was also an issue. Datacenter space in SF is expensive, but it had to be in SF, because that is where I was. EC2 proved to be much cheaper than physical servers. I also like the fact that I don't have to run to the datacenter anymore when there is an issue. I just file a ticket with Amazon. Blaming poor EBS performance would be like blaming Intel for their 4GhZ processor not being able to do your protein folding in 5 seconds. It is simply a known limitation that has to be worked around. Even if we owned the servers, we would have the same limitation -- eventually you just can't get the performance out of a single disk. Could have been. Or possibly something Spez said. Interesting article, and it also explains who was pounding us with traffic. :) Protip: If you are going to scrape a website, put some sleeps into your loop so the person who runs the website doesn't curse your name while their automatic rate limiters kick in and block you anyway. What makes you think reddit stores passwords in the clear? We haven't done that for years , ever since Steve learned his lesson. You can see the code for yourself at http://code.reddit.com if you'd like to verify. Enough that they don't have to worry about working for a while. Check out http://www.reddit.com/r/hardscience That might be what you are looking for. It's cool. We call us (reddit) their R&D department. No, not really. In fact, they don't even mention us when they release their new features that they get from us. ;) Out of curiosity, what is your definition of a "real" engineer. Or to put it another way, why isn't someone who writes software worthy of the title "Engineer"? > Do people who work in software startups generally take Physics, Chemistry, Calc 1-4, Diff Eq, Statics, Dynamics and so on while at University? That is kind of a broad question. But I can tell you that at Berkeley, everyone in the School of Engineering takes those classes, whether you are going to be a materials engineer or a software engineer. Edit: I'll throw this out here too: Definition of Engineering: The application of scientific and mathematical principles to practical ends such as the design, manufacture, and operation of efficient and economical structures, machines, processes, and systems. I would posit that someone writing software uses scientific (debugging) and mathematical (algorithms) principles to practical ends. So would you be ok with calling people software engineers if they had to take a test to get a license and then be responsible for failures of their code in the future? Not when they limit you to 8 characters. :) You just need to head over to the smaller communities to find all the old users. We can't just switch hashing at this point, because none of the data would be in the right place. Since we have to move all the data anyway, we figured now would be a good time to switch stacks. Memcachedb isn't really a very solid product, so even if we scale it, it isn't a good long term solution. Yeah, that was a typo. Memcachedb just isn't fast enough. It used blocking IO when reading the disk, so if it is waiting on the disk for some data, none of the other requests can go through. We have had multiple discussions with the Facebook folks, and are well aware of the complexities of both sites. I believe you are actually underestimating reddit's complexity. Here are some examples: When you load a comments page with 500 comments, there are 1000s of data points that have to be loaded. For every comment, we have to check how you voted on it to draw the arrows, we have to check if you are the author, we have to check if you are allowed to remove that comment as a moderator, we have to check if you can edit it, if the author is your friend, and so on. And we have to do that 500 times. When you load a listing, we have to pull your subscriptions, and then merge the results from all the reddits you subscribe to. Then we have to check most of the same things as we do for comments. After all that checking, we have a to render a page that is customized just for you. Some of that will come from the render cache and some from the data cache, but it is still highly customized. The big difference is that Facebook doesn't have any logged out users, whereas we do. Akamai takes care of our logged out users, but rendering the page for a logged in user is extremely complicated. The search machine is its own database. It feeds its data from the masters for consistency, but the searches themselves run against the search database. I think the MD5 thing was covered well below. Don't forget you need about $10K to file each idea as well. That is probably the biggest barrier to entry. > Can anyone point me to a startup doing something cool that has he potential to change the world? As cliche as it is to say it -- Facebook. Actually, they have already changed the world. How so? I graduated high school in 1995. At the time, a few people had email, but we didn't really use it to stay in touch. When we graduated and went to different colleges, we pretty much lost touch. We might see these people during break, but I stopped going home at break. I've reconnected with a whole bunch of high school friends thanks to Facebook. And you know what? When you talk to kids that are graduating now, they don't identify loosing touch with their friends as a problem. Even if they go to different schools, they just check out Facebook, and they are all caught up. When they go home for break, they just pick up where they left off on Facebook the day before. Yes, but that is their own fault for trying to use a regex to validate email addresses. :) Was anyone else really thrown off by the strange choices in bold and italic? reddit uses the Wilson algo for comment sorting: http://blog.reddit.com/2009/10/reddits-new-comment-sorting-s... I started college when I was 12, and yes, I was more mature than most of my classmates. However, I didn't go full time. I still went back to high school. There is some social learning that you just miss out on if you don't spend time with your age-peers. High School sucked, but I'd still do it all over again. In the best interest of the kid, they should really send him to interact with some age-peers in some sort of activity, if not High School. That said, I don't think UConn should be preventing him, especially if his mom will go at her expense. > How many non-millionaires would have $25k lying around Me? Just to clarify, I wasn't advocating holding the kid back. I was just saying it is important to have that social interaction with your age-peers, especially as a teen. As some anecdotal evidence, take some of my college classmates who also started early. Most of us went back to high school, but a few just went full time college. After two years, this one guy wanted to transfer to Cal Tech. He was more than smart enough, but after the interview, they told him he wasn't social enough. They suggested to him that he join some youth clubs and get some social interaction with his peers, and they would reconsider him. So he joined every club he could find, and it made a huge difference. He was much easier to talk to and just more fun to be around. And then he transferred to Cal Tech. We (reddit) are not currently able to take credit cards with addresses outside the United States. Hopefully soon we will be able to do so. I'm sorry to hear you had a bad experience. One thing to bear in mind is that we (reddit) also run affiliate links, so you were competing directly with us. If they clicked on our link first, you won't get credit for it. They may also not count the click from that user twice, which could explain your lower numbers. Our traffic numbers come from the same system we use to track our own website traffic, so we work very hard to make sure it is as accurate as possible, since we sell our own advertising based on those numbers, and if they were over-inflated, our other advertisers would complain vociferously. I suspect the error lies in the affiliate program, who has an incentive to under-report. However, if you'd like to provide us with the numbers you got from your affiliate program, we would be love to take a look and try to figure out what happened. Edit: I forgot to mention that AdBlock blocks a lot of affiliate trackers, but a lot of reddit users specifically disable adblock for reddit, so that might also be a source of the discrepancy. > Maybe reddit is consciously doing this. Maybe. :) In fact, we use reddit quite a bit, and the flashy ads annoy us just as much as the rest of you. We do our best to keep the ads relevant and non-annoying. If we could afford it, we would just turn the ads off, but sadly, we have to pay the bills somehow. > What I personally took away from it was that you should run your ad for two days, and then not run similar again for a month or so. Yeah, we try to tell people that. The problem is that once someone acts on your ad, we don't show it to them again. So your impressions are expected to drop off rapidly. We need to do a better job of communicating that. > This comment, however, isn't helpful, and obviously isn't true. Sure it is true. We would love to run the site without ads. There are other business models besides straight ads, and we are working on moving towards those. They just aren't profitable yet. Please stand by. It is our most requested feature, and should be ready soon. Please send us the link when you do! Congrats to the team! Also, thank you for featuring the reddit logo on your homepage. ;) I think we can now conclusively prove that having a reddit logo on your homepage leads to a successful exit. You forgot to include reddit, which can help a startup build a community around their product. :) > How did they (advertisers) know this box was open and active? The post office told them -- hey sell their customer list. :( So deliver to businesses on the five weekdays and homes on Saturday but not Wednesday. To be fair, most billionaires do. Congrats to the embed.ly team for doing it right and making our job easier. We are trying to be a lot better about keeping everything in sync. Our goal right now is to publish weekly, but we'll see how that actually works out. (I'm one of the reddit guys) ;) We used to do it that way, but we stopped because it was breaking people's installs. Sometimes we have to push half-baked code, and if you sync at that point, bad things may happen. Also, we stopped doing it because it meant revealing features before we were ready to reveal them, like sponsored links. That is when we split the public and live repos. Before that, the public repo was the live repo. > Well, part of the git workflow is branches. Internally we use a lot of branches and tagging and versioning, etc. The problem is if we published everything live, it would add a lot of overhead for us. While we do eventually publish everything, we are still a for profit company, and occasionally have to keep things secret for business reasons (like new features). Keeping track of what code is for a new features vs a fix to an old one would add a lot of overhead that we just have the time for. In the name of reduced overhead, we only publish to the public repository once we have released a feature and it is fully baked. > As for controlled feature revelation, I think that's counter to the spirit of open source community -- the community is not really on equal footing with the company. It like you're saying "aren't we nice to share our code with you" rather than "let's all work on this together". We very much embrace open source -- we use only open source software and we contribute back as much as we can. However, we are still a for profit company, and occasionally have to keep things secret (especially new features, for competitive reasons). So yeah, unfortunately the community really isn't on the same footing as us. The idea is that the code is modular enough that if someone wants to work on a new feature, they should be able to do so without having to worry about what we are doing, and for the most part that is the case. That's not quite correct. Our original Cassandra nodes were on XLs. Only the new ones were on Ls, and that was because we couldn't get XLs during the outage. Later in the outage Amazon helped us get the XLs we needed. That's not quite correct. Our original Cassandra nodes were on XLs. Only the new ones were on Ls, and only temporarily. An homage if you will. If you have any suggestions for new ones, let me know. We know that our code is not our key advantage -- it is our community. We're not quite that talented. ;) Yeah, we use EC2. We are trying to move towards your model, which is, I think, better. But when we started no one really knew what the "right way" was, so we went with custom AMIs. Not a lot right now, but hopefully more with this release. Here is where we publish most of the info about search: http://www.reddit.com/help/search In short, it used to be a fulltext search through the database, and now is is Solr built on Lucene. However, I think PG's essay about why he doesn't have a better search on HN applies equally to reddit -- because there are much better things to spend time on. > That's a job skill right? Depends on what you do with the VM. I'll tell you why I'd like to get there. It makes updating the master image easier. If you need a new package, you just update on the server side, and then all the new images get that new package. No rebundling required. It also helps when you want to upgrade your OS. As long as the packages are mostly the same, you can just run your update script from the new OS and make a few changes. The way I have to do it now, I have to build a whole new master image from scratch, because I can't upgrade Ubuntu in place on EC2 due to the way they handle the kernel and kernel modules. Sorry if you felt the title is misleading -- it certainly wasn't my intention. It's just hard to fit all the info into 80 characters. Yes, it does. But you probably aren't starting instances that often, and it only adds a few minutes. If you really need a fast boot, then you can still use an image. However keep in mind, on EC2 at least, that the images are actually downloaded from S3 when you boot, so if you have a huge image, it will take almost as much time. These are the only ones we know about (and I think 1/2 of those are dead): http://code.reddit.com/wiki/PoweredByReddit The goal with open sourcing was never to have clones -- it was to get people to dev the features that they felt were important but we did not, or did not have the time for. Being able to make an easy clone was just a side effect. I didn't say it wasn't useful. I just said there are better things to work on with our limited resources. The most important piece of information was that the VM is fully functional, which your title omits. Lesswrong is awesome. It is my favorite reddit derivative. If your username is the same on reddit as here, you don't appear to have ever been banned. If that's not the case, email me and we'll try and figure it out. Did you have trouble running the VM? You need to not read the default list. I don't. Your browser is mis-configured. reddit gives you the language that your browser says you prefer. > The problem with Reddit is that it does not localize content, only the interface. It should be either both or none. That's not true. It has localized interfaces and content. The non-english content just isn't very popular. In your preferences, do you have it set to hide things that you've upvoted? As a Berkeley grad from SoCal, who attended Berkeley during the rise of hella, I am very much against this. I did everything in my power to stop the spread of hella, but clearly I failed. That's cost for future R&D -- they don't pay a dividend. All that money goes in the bank. They did say "costs for our continued investment in AdSense". Profit is the continued investment part. But we right -- the mexican food IS worse. It's made up for by the Thai and Indian food, so it's all good. I think the more interesting news here is that Apple is now the second largest company in America (about $50 billion behind Exxon). Thank you for doing this. Much like http://www.searchreddit.com/ , this is cool but missing a lot of data and features. You may want to check out these links, also: http://www.searchreddit.com/faq.php http://www.reddit.com/help/search Email me your IP (jedberg@reddit.com) and we'll see if we can figure it out. I own a fund that owns shares of every public company on the market (VTI). Does that mean I have to say "I own this" any time I talk about stock? You're right -- I should have either said "most valuable" or "largest by market cap". Hey PG. Just wanted to let you know that the name of the alien was a secret... until 2 days ago. :) They have a large Cassandra node which they are using for some of their data, but it is not the primary datastore yet. Much like how we (reddit) are using it for a chunk of our data, but we still have Postgres as our canonical source. We are however moving slowly towards more Cassandra. ># Performance is better because data is accessed from memory instead of through a database to a disk. ># Scalability is linear because as more servers are added data is transparently load balanced across the servers so there is an automated in-memory sharding. ># Availability is higher because multiple copies of data are kept in memory and the entire system reroutes on failure. ># Application development is faster because there’s only one layer of software to deal with, the cache, and its API is simple. All the complexity is hidden from the programmer which means all a developer has to do is get >and put data. All but the first thing apply to disk based databases too... At least the new ones like Cassandra, as well as the old ones with the right packages. I bought her a ring and then she bought me a TV and surround sound system. I get a hot tub later. Then we'll be about even. :) You're not their biggest customer, but you're up there. :) We don't discuss that, but Conde isn't a charity. They wouldn't keep us around if it wasn't worthwhile. reddit currently has 73 instances with this breakdown: 25 c1.xlarge 26 m1.large 22 m1.xlarge c1.xl are generally app servers, m1.xl are generally databases (either postgres or cassandra) and the m1.l are other stuff. This sounds like "Pirates of the Silicon Valley 2" Yeah, I would have put HN at least 10x faster. ;) Thanks for the suggestions. Some we have tried, others we would like to, and some are totally new. The big problem is that we spend most of our time just keeping the site up and don't have time to focus on these ideas, and Conde is unwilling to invest. We're hoping the reddit gold money gives us the flexibility to bring in the talent we need to make some of those ideas happen. > but I can't really see paying for reddit now. If I may ask, what did we do to lose you? > But that begs the question: if I'm paying reddit, why am I not giving back to the content authors that reddit linked to? Hopefully when you visit their sites, you are involving yourself in whatever their method of monitization is. Subscriptions, viewing ads, whatever it is. > once you start charging me I'm going to gain some expectations. Downtime is going to be harder to excuse then it was before is just one example. One of the main reasons we hesitated so long. We didn't want to let down the community, especially those that paid. As always, we will do our best to keep the site up, and hopefully this new income will make it so we can afford the redundant servers we need to do a better job at it. It has nothing to do with that. It is simply that EC2 offers us the best bang for the buck for our requirements (one of the main ones being able to spin up a lot of iron very quickly). They're not actually one of the most expensive. Yes it is true, they are more expensive than others, and if I were starting a new company I might not use them from the start, but they offer us one thing that no one else seems to be able to handle -- the ability to spin up a lot of heavy iron quickly to absorb sudden changes in traffic. The legal argument isn't that bizarre. :) Our lawyers fear foreign laws and will not deal with them. That being said, we are working on expanding into some of the other English speaking countries. We actually moved from a datacenter to EC2. The problem is we all live in the Bay Area, where data centers cost a lot of money. We can't afford to hire a hand on person in a cheap place, so it turns out EC2 (and other cloud solutions) are just cheaper. Also, one thing that is nice with EC2 is that we can spin up a lot of big iron when we need to absorb new kinds of traffic. I can't do that in my own datacenter. That was actually one of the things we already tried. I think in a month we made enough for a cup of coffee. The problem is that we aren't just selling ad space. We are running what might be considered an "auction" in some jurisdictions (it isn't in the United States), and that is what the lawyers fear. They want to make sure we won't get dinged for running an illegal auction. > Just curious -- why don't you start a new company? Stay tuned. :) > It's obvious that your work isn't being respected by your current employers. Hmmm, I've never really thought about it that way before. > Does reddit mean a lot to you personally? It does. I've worked for reddit officially for over 3.5 years, and I've been friends with Steve and Alexis for almost 5 years. I've watched reddit grow from a tiny site to the huge site it is now. And when Steve and Alexis left, the put it in our hands to take good care of it. It's like watching your friend's kid grow up, and then one day becoming their guardian. reddit's been a big part of my life. Actually, it isn't so much the traffic. It's when something like Cassandra suddenly stops working correctly and we need to take emergency action to keep the site up by, for example, doubling our memcached pool temporarily. None of the VPS's can give us that many nodes that quickly. Also, bandwidth is by far our lowest cost. It is less than 5% of our total bill. > Is it that the overhead of running on two different providers not worth the money you'd save? Or is this something you've considered doing but haven't had the time to implement yet? Pretty much yes to both of these. With so few of us, the overhead of running it and moving to it just doesn't make sense at this time. Each time we've had a new programmer come on board, it takes about 6 months for them to become familiar enough with the code to make a solid contribution. In the mean time, it actually slows us down a bit. That was the main reason we didn't seek programming interns this summer -- it's a great thought, but would probably take too long to ramp them up. You forgot user page sorting. :) We were overwhelmed by the response. We are excited that we are able to do things with that money already (more on that later). But to be honest, the best part has been the postcards. Every day a big stack arrives, and it is awesome. I can't tell you how good it feels to get a stack of postcards all telling you how awesome you are and how you're changed people's lives. We use one year reserved instances because our budgets are done annually. The database is rarely accessed in request. Almost all DB access comes from batch processes. About 20% of the users are logged in, and they represent about 50% of the page views. > and I don't have access to their code/architecture/etc Actually, you do! :) http://code.reddit.com But to help you out, I'll tell you that a good chunk of the expensive loops are written in C. The bandwidth is less than 5% of the total cost. It's about $2500 a month. We had dedicated servers. It saved us 30% a month to move to EC2. Was there ever a question about that? I thought that was pretty much a fact. Of course static typed languages are faster. I don't want to commit for that long to a single type of instance. I meant that we used to have our own datacenter. Yes, the dedicated servers might be less. But when one of them breaks, I have to wait for the provider to fix it. On EC2, I can replace it in 5 minutes. I meant that we used to have our own datacenter. Yes, the dedicated servers might be less. But when one of them breaks, I have to wait for the provider to fix it. On EC2, I can replace it in 5 minutes. > I started out on VPSs and saved a lot moving to dedicated servers once it made sense to. For the dedi servers I use I don't have to pay for RAM monthly, and I get bandwidth at a good price. EC2 doesn't charge for RAM either and the bandwidth is at a great price. > The kind of money you're paying on servers is just obscene. It's really not that much more than other hosting providers, and they offer features that the other ones don't. The two biggest being the speed with which I can add new machines and the speed I can add more disk. > I wonder why google, yahoo and facebook don't run their site on ec2... if it's cheaper. Well, for one, they are A LOT bigger than us. But you'd be surprised who DOES run on EC2. The biggest one I'm allowed to tell you about is Netflix. Their entire streaming service is run off EC2. I guess they're idiots too, huh? > But they don't. So they use none of the upside, and have all of the downside. Yay! That's not true at all. We shut down machines when we are over capacity (rarely) and we often have to bring up a bunch of new machines where there is a traffic spike. I'm too lazy to do the research, but what happens when you scale that up to the 23TB a month that we are doing (which doesn't include the 49TB of cross datacenter traffic that is super cheap)? Amazon cuts us a price break at the higher tiers. Do the other guys? This is all true. reddit is a great place to work if you want to learn a lot, get some great experience, and have a really strong influence on the product. But it is not a startup -- there is no big upside. And I don't think Hipmunk is hiring yet. :) Or we just update it so it evals to the same answer. :) Aww shucks. Thanks! ps. Still looking for a job? :) That's a silly reason not to apply. If anything, you can feel good knowing that you beat the crowd. I've been replying as quickly as I can. If you said anything that requires more than "Yep, you got it" it'll take a little longer. I think by far the most telling part of this was this quote: "Then it told me to reboot my machine. Why should I do that? I reboot every night -- why should I reboot at that time?" No wonder he has no idea how horrible Windows is. He resets it every day. Because my grandmother was insanely cheap, we had this thing where she would call and hang up after one ring, and then we would call her back. Then the phone company got priority ringing, so we just wouldn't pick up when she called. Anyway, your thing about double-ringing reminded me. I'm well aware of that. I'm just saying that most of us hard core folks did not, which is why we complain more about Windows. Matt Groening figured this out a long time ago. He says that whenever he creates a new character, it has to be recognizable in silhouette. Look at all his characters. Bart, Homer, Leela, Bender, Fry. None of them need color. It's not just them. YC has produced a good number of qualified investors at this point. ;) I'm surprised they got Paul in pants -- must have been a cold day to get him to not wear shorts. sell sugar water. I was the first actual employee (everyone else is considered a founder), and I was hired after the acquisition. Yes, it is true that I would have joined beforehand too for a lot less, but just the same, it was nice to have health care and a steady check. We have a new guy starting in November, but yes, it is true. We are still in the corner of Wired's office. We figure we can get at least 8 people in there! I think that is all of us. :) We're not in it for the money, because the money isn't that great. Conde is a private company with no stock either. That's absolutely true. If I had stayed at eBay, I would be making more money, and would be responsible for a tiny little part of the company. Yep, that was me. Lists like this aren't generally shared, because then the nefarious bots would know they had been caught. Well behaved bots tend to use useragents that make themselves fairly obvious. The best bet is to watch your logs for an IP or agent that seems to hit more URLs than anyone else, and then investigate by hand. No, a dream job would be all the responsibility with twice the money and stock and revenue sharing. :) I used to work in the ResHalls as Berkeley, and I can tell you a couple of reasons they haven't done a Gig-E upgrade. The first is that the upgrade from 10Mbps to 100Mbps was easy, because they just had to change out the switches and router blades, which require upgrades every few years anyway. Going from 100 to 1000 is a lot harder, because the physical cables in the wall are on the cheap side (it is a University after all) and can't support Gig-E. So it would require a complete rewiring of the res Halls. That, coupled with that fact that generally speaking there is little difference in speed when talking to the internet at 100 vs. 1000, it just isn't worth the upgrade. Most students don't notice/care, and also most of them just want to be able to move their laptops around without dealing with cables. They just want the internet to work wherever they happen to be on campus. Presumably this is a good test of high end usage. It seems like they are using this is a stress test, not so much a "regular usage" test. Although, not all of those professors are Computer Science, and they have famillies that live with them, with kids and husbands and wives that have normal jobs. Most of them probably use the Internet the same way as any well to do professional and their family would. Well, the biggest upside is that there are basically 4 of us running a top 100 internet site, so we each get a lot of responsibility. Also, anything we do affects the lives of literally millions of people, which is pretty cool. And yes, the warm fuzzies I get when see the reddit community do something awesome are what keep me coming back day after day. Knowing that in some small way, I helped facilitate that awesomeness. I tried that once. They cut me off after 5 temp numbers in one day. I wasn't even trying to cheat -- I was just buying a bunch of stuff from different vendors. It makes it so there is less friction to spinning up more paid instances. At least he didn't taint the reddit name too. :) They run their entire streaming service from EC2, which at the best price is 8 cents /GB. Assuming they worked out a deal (which I've never heard of Amazon doing), they might be as low as say 4 cents. So I'd say best case you need to at least 1/2 your numbers. The purpose of a cofounder is not to help alleviate load. It is to have someone tell you no, that your idea/implementation/justification sucks. They question your moves and make you justify them. Having a cofounder keeps you in check and keeps you from straying too far off the successful path. Why not rent it out as a coworking space to startups in Cambridge? You could even extend the YC model a bit and rent it out cheap in exchange for some equity > It's hard to imagine an hour spent managing the logistics of a coworking space in Boston that isn't better spent on one of the large number of startups YC is advising already. I was thinking more along the lines of diversifying income while keeping what is a great piece of real estate. If there is enough demand, it could even warrant hiring a part time real estate manager, so that precious time is not diverted. > That's in addition to the fact that YC was never really a coworking program itself; Exactly. Again, diversification in to a new area. > Also: who gives away equity for office space? Don't do that. I would personally never do it, but I was just throwing it out there as another option. And maybe live in it too. :) > This can be done by friends/relatives who are interested in supporting you without having the technical skills or free time to actually be co-founders with you. Sure, but it is much more effective when someone is in the venture with you, and their success is tied to yours. Your friends and family are much more likely to just say "yeah, that's a good idea". No risk on their part. I don't think you understand what diversification means. :) I'm sure if you ask Jessica why she wrote founders at work, it was more about sharing knowledge than making money. I was kind of expecting this to link to a blank page. I was pleasantly surprised to find a very logical and coherent article. And technically you are committing a crime. It is your responsibility to report use tax to your state for things you buy from out of state. Thanks for the reminder, otherwise I would have totally forgotten! It was a great experience doing a talk last year. Agreed, but it is worth it for how nice it looks. As someone who looks at a lot of resumes, I appreciate the ones that are made with LaTex. It shows that little bit of extra effort. Also, I make the LaTex file I use for my own resume available so that others can copy it. http://edberg.org/jeremy/Jeremy_Edberg_Resume.tex It depends where you live. In San Francisco, 60K is just scarping by. In Topeka, you're doing pretty well. I would personally say the opposite is true for me. When I was in college (and poor, living paycheck to paycheck), I would try every new thing. Mp3? What's that? Let me download some. This thing has some kinks? No problem, I'll figure it out and post my findings on a newsgroup. But now, as my income has gone up and my free time has gone down, I find myself doing less early adopting, and waiting a bit longer till all the college kids work out the kinks for me. Sure, I'm still an early adopter in the grand scheme of things (I dropped cable a few years ago for torrents, for example), but I'm definitely picking things up later in their lifespans than I used to. Actually, they would have been more impressive if we did Dec to Dec. Our traffic is usually down in Dec. We did it that way because we were reviewing 2010. They would have been more impressive if we did Dec to Dec. Our traffic is usually down in Dec. We did it that way because we were reviewing 2010. We're almost ready to hire a couple of really awesome folk. Then we have to train them. Then they can be useful and help us make the site faster and more stable. We're just really constrained on human time right now. We saw about a 30% increase right after v4 was launched, and about most of those (25% of the 30%, or 83% of the increase) stuck around a week later. It's been basically normal growth since then. We weren't really begging for money. We needed money, we let people know that, and then we let people set their own price because we had no idea what the price should be, so we crowdsourced it. We can't talk about our revenue, but I'll just say, we're still here and will be here for a while yet. About 12 million last month. About 5 million last January. > Given that HN was originally supposed to be part of Reddit, that's not surprising. What makes you say that? Even the smartest person in the world will have to learn our architecture and codebase, our processes, our logins, our machine names, etc. No matter how amazing they are, I'm not giving them the root password on the first day or letting them redo the databases or write major code changes. Everyone requires training. We weren't trying to review our performance year to year though. We were just showing how the beginning of 2010 compared to the end. All the media decided to make it a year over year comparison, which it was never intended as. We don't need more servers, we need more people. See here: http://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/efpn0/reddit_... Is this only pre-acquisition companies? Where's reddit? ;) FWIW: Web Host: EC2 (Amazon) Email Host: Self hosted DNS Host: Akamai Registrar: Corporation Service Company SSL Issuer: None Certificate Type: None I've been using inerleaved responses for 20 years. It's the only right way. The only time I top post is 1) If the reply is not a direct answer to a question, but instead a more general statement 2) If the email had a single question. Why do I top post for #2? Because most mail readers these days give a preview. A short answer at the top will show up in the preview, so the recipient doesn't have to open the email. This is especially useful on today's mobile devices with small screens. I never bottom post, because scrolling all the way down is annoying. * I also top post when dealing with non-technical "old-timers" because they seem to get confused with the interleaved responses. This isn't me being ageist, but I'm genuinely curious. How old are you? As I said in my own post, I think older people prefer top posting for some reason. Just so you know, I'm 33, so I'm already "old" to a lot of the folks here. Yeah, when I said "it's the only right way", that was kind of a joke. Should of had a smiley there. I think we pretty much agree -- I tend to lean towards interleaved, but will top post when it is expected. This is how youtube got most of their initial employees. Since all the core people were from PayPal, the first 100 or so people were pretty much all ex-PayPal. It worked out pretty well for them. Sand Hill Road. Some of them did it as employees. You can earn a million over your lifetime as a doctor in a hospital or whatnot. What better way to foster a community than interact with it, eh? :) Congratulations! That's a very impressive achievement. Certainly a much faster growth rate than reddit! Very nice! That's a very small setup for so many pageviews. Quite impressive. Shoot me an email sometime, I'd love to talk shop. jedberg@reddit.com Yeah, usually up to about 1200-1300 per second, but that's just from our app servers. Our caches can get up to 2500+ per second at peak. Did you adjust your subscriptions? If you adjust them, you'll find all the old content you knew and loved. Just don't read the front page. I certainly don't (well, not often, still need to keep up on the goings on). Yes, we'll be doing some more hiring very soon. Keep your eye on the blog. Can't I do both? :) I'm on my laptop hacking while sitting in front of the TV. Also I'm watching my website traffic do this: http://www.reddit.com/tb/fgjid People think that sports and programming are mutually exclusive for some reason. As if you can't be a good programmer unless you hate sports. Personally, I like to hack and I hold football season tickets. I just looked at your site, but I have no idea if I want an invite code. :) Perhaps you could put at least some sort of teaser on the homepage as to what problem you might be solving or at least some clue as to the problem space. jedberg is known to be ironic like that. I can be slightly malicing sometimes. ;) (Did I just make up a new word?) Indeed I did. I admit, it was a little underhanded way to get you to click. But it worked, right? We're just trying to get the very best people we can. Apologies for the ruse. Each applicant owns their code and will be free to post it. We've only asked that they keep it secret until March. We will probably release our version as well at that time. Code reuse is fine for coding, but in language, reinventing the wheel is the way to go! (Sorry, I'm a bit punchy at the end of this week). In between folks can choose either challenge. tgrep is probably going to be more suited. http://code.reddit.com The point is to show off your frontend skills, not make a fully working clone. If you send it to me (jedberg@reddit.com) I'll tell you how awesome you are. :) I understand your concerns, and we thought about it a lot ourselves. "Are we asking too much?" We came to the conclusion that what we are asking should be fun for you to do. Something you might even do without us asking. Also, it shouldn't take you more than a few joyful hours. If it does, you probably aren't the person we're looking for. We gave the task to a couple of trusted folks beforehand, people who we would love to hire if they weren't already doing something they loved, and they said that the tasks were pretty straightforward and quick to do. We already tried doing it the other way around, and we realized that it just didn't work. The guy that turned out to be the best was the one we almost rejected because he had a bad resume and cover letter. We don't want to make that mistake again. If you think it is too much to ask, well, I guess you just don't apply. Actually, we won't really benefit at all. We already have tgrep, and a single user local storage frontend won't really be useful to us (and already exists). That would be awesome actually. But probably more than a few hours work. > Tl;dr? That wouldn't surprise me. No, I read the whole thing. > Obviously there are people who might apply even if they think it's too much to ask on spec. First off, I don't think you know what spec work means. It means asking someone to do work and then paying them for that work if you like it. That is not what we are doing. We are asking applicants to implement things that will be of no use to us, because we already have them, as a demonstration of both skill and determination. > except insofar as it's a pretty clearcut instance of your shirking all responsibility What responsibility am I shirking? If you want the job, then you do the thing. If you aren't confident enough in yourself, then so be it. It isn't my job or responsibility to be your mom and encourage you to apply and tell you that you are good enough and you should go for it! You should know that already. > with the kind of callous indifference to the work and time of others captured neatly in your closing shrug. As I said, if you are doing the task, you are doing it because you enjoy it and maybe you can use it as a learning experience or on your portfolio. It isn't a callous indifference to work -- we're asking you to do different work. Instead of a resume and cover letter, we're asking you to program. > it's just their Ops Manager and Senior Product Developer using the term. Information Cowboy is my title, actually. :) And I was using it as linkbait, just to be clear. rockstar was tounge-in-cheek. And spec work is asking someone to do work and then paying them for that work if you like it. This is not spec work. We already have the things we are asking for, so they are of no use to us. They are to demonstrate skill and determination. It is not spec work. You're right in that the front page now is very different from page of 2006. You have to explore now and work a little harder to find the good communities. But when you do, you'll find that it is just as it was in 2006, maybe even a little better. While some of the discussion can be quite distracting, others can be quite productive. For example, if you're a web design person, you'll probably learn something from http://www.reddit.com/r/web_design Hey there. Can I get my invite code now? :) Did you even read the link you put in your comment? reddit did not "censor" anything. We simply fixed the the algorithm that was accidentally ranking that reddit to high. It was never popular enough to be in the top 10. Did you even read the link you put in your comment? reddit did not "censor" anything. We simply fixed the the algorithm that was accidentally ranking that reddit too high. It was never popular enough to be in the top 10. Did you even read the link you put in your comment? reddit did not "censor" anything. We simply fixed the the algorithm that was accidentally ranking that reddit too high. It was never popular enough to be in the top 10. The number of subscribers is not the metric we used. We use a metric we call "activity". The behavior described in that blog post simply pointed out a bug in the activity metric. Also, to be pedantic, it is not possible for reddit to censor anyone. Governments censor things, private entities do not. > is there a way to use distributions, and some kind of artificial intelligence to search for fingerprints? Yes. :) I wish I could say more, but I don't want to give away the secrets to reddit's spam detection. I have to say, as someone who has to deal with the same problem every day, I feel bad for the Digg folks. They are a good group of engineers, and spam is truly a hard problem -- much harder than most people realize. We keep the spam detection parts secret. It is the only part of the code we hide. We wish we didn't have to, but sadly, spam is an arms race. Actually, our uptime has been better for the last 6 months than the previous few years. Try turning admin mode off. :) We replaced memcachedb with Cassandra a while ago, because memcachedb pretty much hit a wall at some point. As for replacing memcached, I'm certainly open to it, but from what I've read, the performance of memcache for what we use it for is better than redis. Yes, we are above 99%. We just have a community that is very vocal with things are broken, and then continue to be vocal about it after it is fixed because it is funny. For example, we heard "search sucks" for weeks after we switched to the new service, until we announced the switch, and then all of a sudden the tune changed. :) The fact that Quora is on there but Stackoverflow is not makes me question the veracity of the entire list. This makes me sad because some of my old fun games won't work anymore (well, without a VM at least), but since I rarely play those, I like the fact that all the other stuff I use will be forced to "go native". I think you read me backwards. What I meant was that stackoverflow (and all the other stacks) are missing, and I find Quora seriously lacking, so the fact that it is on there at all makes me question the quality bar for the entire list. TL;DR Yes, I know this is HN, not reddit, but it was just too apt not to do it. > The differences here are that a woman in the younger demographic is much more likely to be spending hours on facebook and only minutes on a google search. Yes, but here is the key. It's all about attitude when presented with the ad. Those few minutes on Google are being spent actively seeking information about that particular topic. The hours on Facebook are about find out what friends are up to, with little thought about finding information. It's funny you mention that. Just yesterday I made a graph of how many accounts were created each day since the beginning of reddit. It's very clear which day Paul mentioned reddit in his essay, because there was a 3x jump in signups that day. More importantly, it never receded from that level. I like to think this is because people kept finding his essays. We're currently in the process of replacing every one of our hosts with new OS versions. As we do this we are in fact going to the EBS based instances. Those instances actually show the same problems, but they aren't too bad, because once you boot them, you don't need the root vol that much (that's what the instance storage is for). I didn't even get a chance to have a Guinness today. :( > python on EC2 #1 tip: Don't use threading. Python threading + EC2 will not work well. Instead rely on the OS doing the task switching and run multiple copies. If you want more info, I did a talk at Pycon about this and other things: redd.it/b5jyy reddit actually is a top 100 site, but we don't have nearly the need to host our own datacenter or co-locate. If we do make a move, it will be to #2. I don't want to hire people to be hands on -- I'd rather outsource that and let someone else pay to have spare capacity laying around. We're not that stuck. We can be out of Amazon in a month if necessary. We very specifically don't use any of their "lock-in" services to make easier on our open source users, which has the side effect of not locking us in either. Which provider? Can you email me? jedberg@reddit.com. It's not a money problem. We've got plenty of money. We just weren't allowed to spend it on developers until recently. Now we have a bunch of open developer positions that we are in the middle of hiring for, and will probably have more soon. Me too. It is a total dis-service to hipmunk to not mention Chris or Steve. But for now I think their tech team is full, so they won't be needing my services. :) Yes, I do dev too. I just haven't done it in a long time. A lot of our sysadmin time is spent tracking down bugs in the stuff we use (like Cassandra) and doing tuning and automation. Also, I do a lot of the other business stuff, so at best I'm a part time sysadmin right now. We do pretty much do "devops" though. A lot of the work of Neil, our programmer, is tracking down bugs due to data inconsistencies due to hardware problems. Both are important. A lot of work of a reddit programmer is finding bugs that come about because of the unreliable disks and also finding scaling inflection points and fixing them before they take the site down. I love this, and am sharing it with the rest of team reddit right now. Thank you. Yes, they could. It is an option. We have ~130 servers at Amazon right now. We could probably do it with 50-75 or less, depending on how big the boxes are. Have some faith. We'll pull through. :) Chaos Monkey causes chaos, it does not fix it. :) But yes, you are right. The goal is to have a system that scales itself. Not an easy task for sure. Ubuntu 8.10 for us. > Q1. I still don't get the use case for db storage on ephemeral storage. We're still not sure either, so we're investigating to see if it makes sense. One possible option will be to have the master on ephemeral disk with a hot backup on EBS so there is no data loss. Another option is use ephemeral for the master and all but one slave, so we got hot backups without a slowdown. Still need to look into it more. The one that we are doing ephemeral right now is Cassandra with continuous snapshots to EBS. Everything in there can be recalculated, and with an RF of 3, if we lose one node we can run a repair. > Q2. If EBS is the problem why are you migrating to S3 backed EBS boot vols? The problem with this is still the time in between snapshots even though it will be shortened. They are just easier to use. The root volume is rarely accessed after it is booted, so the EBS slowdowns aren't really a problem in that case. > Some Comments: It will only be a matter of time before S3 disks and hardware start dying like EBS...en masse I don't think so. It is a totally different product built by a totally different team with a different philosophy. S3 was build for durability above all else. In response to the rest of your comments, you are absolutely right, there are other options. We will certainly be investigating them. > once you get a healthy dev team would you guys look into maintaining redditOSS a little more thoroughly? I imagine personnel shortage has made that impossible to date, but if you had a sizeable group is that something you'd do? Yes, very much. We would like to make the open source software MUCH easier to run, so that it is easier for others to develop on. It will probably be one of the first projects for a new hire, because it will make it easier for THEM to develop too. Or smart detection. :) An issue that we very much want to fix sooner rather than later. And sales people too... Yeah, something like that. But the trick is with 60,000 subreddits and more being added every day, we'd really like to figure out a programmatic way to generate it. As someone who runs a site that receives similar requests (I paid for reddit gold, why don't I get faster access), let me tell you, it just isn't that easy. Their architecture, like ours, can't just be split into fastlane and slowlane. So while I appreciate what the guy is asking for, it just isn't that easy. It's like I'm a mind reader or something. :) No kidding! They keep stealing my people! ;) Seriously though, it's been making things tough. We've really had to step up our game lately to make compelling arguments. Luckily, we have some advantages over those guys, like being able to push code live to millions of people with pretty much no bureaucracy. 99.9% of my job can be done from home. Yet I still commute 2 hours every day to get to the office. Why? Because there is just something to be said for working in the same room as the other folks on your team. Sometimes we'll all work from home, and we'll be in IRC all day chatting the same way we do in the office. Yet when we are in the office, we seem to get more done. The best example is when I hear some of the other folks talking about a new feature or a code change, and I overhear something that sets off my sysadmin alarm bells. If we weren't in the same room, we'd have to wait until the code review phase to find out, "oh hey, the servers can't DO that." This way we can head off these problems early with minimal overhead. How annoying would it be to have to send an email every time you had an idea, and then wait for everyone to approve it? When everyone is in the office, we just turn around and finish that process in a few seconds. Your slider could have a * at each end and one in the middle, and have it start randomly on one of the 3 stars, but make them unselectable. Hey, so I submitted it to reddit thinking it might get you a few more responses. It kinda ended up being the number one link on the front page. Hope that didn't hurt too much. http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/gclpv/pick_a_number... Yes, they are. :( We (reddit) are seeing failures in all zones. Thankfully, no. :) But yeah, right now we're shutting everything down to try and avoid possible data corruption. Once they restore service, hopefully we'll be able to come back quickly. The server is still up, so we can serve it right out of the load balancer. That's like saying "yay for relying on a datacenter" Believe me, the last thing I want is to be up at 3am working on this. I'd much rather be sleeping and letting you not work. This outage is affecting all AZ's in the East. So even a multizone setup wouldn't help for this one. Only a multiregion setup. This outage is a lot like having your entire datacenter lose power. Same with us. About 10% of our 700+ volumes are having problems right now. It's hard to tell for sure since there isn't any load. Why do you get a 4 day weekend? Thank you. I'm totally stealing this next time someone uses that "cloud is for idiots" line. This is an excellent metaphor. Yeah, I'm one of the reddit admins. Don't worry. If skynet is in EC2, we'll be fine. > I thought AZs were supposed to be different physical data centers. They are. Which means this is probably a software issue or some other systemic issue. Go back to the building metaphor. Building datacenters is not our core business, so we outsource it. Much like building a building is not our core business, nor running a telephone system, so we outsource those things too. All business critical, but still outsourced. They better be cutting me a check too. My original comment was "We're going Madagascar on the servers." Then I remembered I was on HN, not reddit. :) Despite the fact that my site has been down for 3 hours, I'd still say Amazon is a great place for your startup. Just don't use EBS. That is the theory, but all of our data is currently locked in the inaccessible EBS system. I'd still say Amazon is a great place for your startup, just don't use EBS. Actaully, I'm on the couch in front of the fireplace, watching old SNL, waiting patiently for Amazon to fix their shit, and figuring out how we can not use EBS anymore. Send me the link to your ad (when we come back up) and I'll comp you a day. > If the Reddit web server admins took availability seriously We do. > they would have chosen to deploy across more than one region. It's far too costly to do that. We are deployed across multiple AZs, but this failure hit multiple AZs. We rely heavily on EBS still, so this is hurting us more than most others. Hopefully they'll have us back up soon. > I thought you could snapshot drives across regions and bring those EBS drives up under new instances in new regions? In theory, yes. In practice, those snapshots hurt the volume so much that it is impossible to take one in production. > didn't you guys just have an EBS issue about a month ago? Yes. Since then we've moved about 1/2 of our stuff off of EBS, but we're still migrating away from it. It's the combination of the extra cost of having machines in US West plus the cost of keeping the data synchronized between them (which is a lot) plus the added development overhead of making sure that things work cross region. We'll get there one day, but we aren't there yet. I think it would take a lot more time than we have to make that work. Our code is open source if you want to give a proof of concept a go. ;) What did I just watch and why? We're moving away from the EBS product altogether. The hard part is dealing with the master databases. Normally I'd have a master database with a built in raid-10, but I can't do that on EC2, so I have to come up with another option. So I guess that is the long way of saying that hopefully it won't happen again. At their level of income, this is true. For us, we are just now staffing up to the level where we can make the changes necessary to do the same thing. That hurts. But you're right, we've had a lot of issues. I think the reason this is news is because it is a massive Amazon failure. I'm here all the time. :) No, I said that we have spent all we can, and at this point we need development. However, in this case, the outage is not because of any issues with our setup, but with Amazon. Don't do that. HN is not the place for memes. reddit isn't either, but we lost that battle a while ago. Yeah, usually they are on our blog right after the downtime, or in /r/announcements on reddit. It's usually very rewarding. The awesome community is what keeps me doing it. No one seems to remember that Amazon did this 5 years ago: http://arstechnica.com/old/content/2005/12/5756.ars I was surprised that they got a single letter ticker symbol, so I looked up the history. It turns out that P used to be for Phillips Oil, which gave up the symbol when they merged with Conoco. I'm amused by the fact that a tech company is taking an oil company's ticker. > This would be a good comment on reddit No, actually it would be a shitty comment on reddit too. Sadly, it is the kind of comment that is now tolerated in some of the bigger subreddits. The strategic advantage is that it lends a lot more credence to the case if the messages came straight from Harvard's copies, because Harvard is a lot easier to trust in this case than Mark. ie. They would probably be unaltered coming from Harvard. Yes, that is what I meant. :) But in theory Harvard would have records of such modifications, or backups, or something that is more trustworthy than Mark's copies of the emails. Thank you. That really means a lot to me. First I have to clarify that nothing I did was single handed. I couldn't possibly have done what I did without the support of the awesomeness that was the rest of team reddit. As for hipmunk, I think they already have too much talent, since they have the rest of reddit. :) And let me tell you how awkward that was knowing that I was going to post this today! And not being able to say anything. Thanks for clarifying that. By the time I got to it, it was already fixed. :) We all got along very well and I'm confident that they will be able to handle it. Also, I'm not dropping off the face of the planet -- they can still ask me questions. :) Someone sent me a cape once, but it didn't fit. To be honest, none of those things by themselves really bothered me. But I supposed the sum total of it always dragged on my subconscience. Cupertino. Thank you. That's very kind of you. The most dire time was right after raldi left, when I had just two tech people, a programmer and a sysadmin. Right now I'm going to enjoy the nice summer weather and take care of some things that I've been neglecting for a while. Then we'll see where the wind takes me. :) The last paragraph of the blog post has details. Thank you very much. Your kind words are appreciated. Everything up to the bacon sounded good. :) I think you sent me an email, I'll hit you up there. I always thought so. :) The thing that goes around the neck was too small. :) It was a kids cape. I'm glad at least someone liked those. It was hard to tell from the stage. I imagine people were a bit more subdued given the late hour of the day. At least, that is what I hope! Well, one of the ways we try to stay lean is by using new technologies that solve problems so we didn't have to. I guess this was a nice side effect. Congrats to the Hipmunks and Dropboxes (and any other YC company on the list that I didn't realize was YC)! Interesting. A couple of points: > The concept should make more sense to people as a standalone site than as a sub-section on another site. (Easier to explain, easier to link to, etc) > As a standalone site we can optimize the interface for this concept, which is really a very different idea than reddit.com. reddit already has the capability of allowing the moderators do a different domain with a different interface -- the mods just have to decide to do it, so be careful here. Otherwise, you make some interesting points. I'm curious though, what is your advantage over Quora, which is also a clone of Iama, designed to be a standalone Q&A site? My parents have a rule about new TV shows: They won't watch anything in the first season. Instead, they record the entire season, and once it is picked up for a second, they'll watch the first season and then become regular viewers. I have the same rule with social networks. I'll sign up right at the beginning, but I won't participate until I see a good chunk of my friends are on it. I don't want to invest the time if it is going to flop. I agree, Studio 60 was awesome (I don't follow their rule). But at the same time, I feel very unsatisfied that I got so little of the story arc with the cancellation. Right, you end up missing out on some great shows. But those great shows leave you with a bad taste, because you only get 1/2 the story, since they are cancelled before their time. TV shows, at least in the way they are currently produced, are only valuable if at least some subset of the masses likes them. Just like social networks. they are only valuable if at least some subset of the masses likes them enough. What I don't understand is why the players association doesn't do something about it. In theory, they could do something like this: All monies paid to players go into a common fund, which is managed by the player's association. Each player gets a small stipend from this fund for entertainment and housing. The rest remains in the fund, and the player gets a statement every year showing how much they earned from playing and how much from investing. Hopefully, after a few years, the investing is making more than the playing, showing the player that investing is good. Then upon retirement, the following happens. 2 million is set aside and put into a fund. From that fund 5% is paid every year to the player, with the rest being reinvested. Then the rest they can choose to either remove from the fund, or keep in the fund and get earnings payments, or maybe take some out and leave the rest. The hope being that they saw their statements and know that investing is good. But even if they don't, they still get that 5%, which starts at $100K/yr and in theory goes up with inflation, which should be more than sufficient to keep them from being totally broke. They could do the same for football players, who tend to have the same issue. A job with an amazing severance. Kind of what I'm proposing, except that they would get a lot more money on retirement and hopefully learn the value of investing along the way. I hate the fact that the relationships aren't 2 way on G+. Today my wife was going through people to add on G+, and she kept asking me, "Who is this person, it says they are friends with you." And I had no idea who they were. They were people that had added me to a circle, but I never added back. Yet Google tells other people that we know each other. They make no differentiation between a 2 way relationship and a one way. This looks like spam heaven to me. I would humbly suggest that you drop ELB in favor a software based solution that you control like haproxy. ELB just isn't up to the job unless you are a really big customer of Amazon's. Also, if you are using small or micro instances, you probably don't want to do that either. Don't use anything less than a large instance if you want even semi-decent performance. Usually when I tell people about reddit, I tell them to skip the front page and go straight to the reddits page and find topics that interest them. The front page has too many cat pictures and crap for my taste these days. Hopefully they eventually have the time to implement one of the solutions I suggested to alleviate the problem. Netflix is expanding globally. They've already announced the expansion into Latin America. Los Gatos, CA I'm looking for people to join me at Netflix and keep the streaming service running worldwide. You can read the full description here: http://www.netflix.com/Jobs?id=7563&jvi=olLGVfwr Some highlights: You possess these qualities: - You see the big picture delivering a 24x7 service - You are effective working with multiple teams - You have high standards in everything you do - You can balance multiple tasks You have these skills: - Great communication skills, both verbal and written - In-depth experience operating a 24x7 production environment - Fluent in Linux: RedHat, CentOS, Fedora, Ubuntu - Strong scripting skills in shell, Perl and Python - Familiar with the Java platform, especially JVM configuration - Knowledgeable in Linux packaging tools: rpm, yum, dpkg, apt - Ability to quickly triage problems, determine root cause and drive resolution - Ability to keep a cool head under pressure and effectively participate in system down crisis situations You may even have these skills: - Prior experience with Amazon EC2/S3 or other cloud service providers is a plus - Systems deployment and service management automation tools and methodologies I know Hiten personally, and I know that Kissmetrics operates in a most ethical fashion. I would trust them over most any analytics company any day. It's a shame that this meritless lawsuit even exists. To assuage folks who don't understand technology and will assume they are guilty until they "make big changes". Ah, but it is all about perception. The same thing happened at reddit a few times. The mob decided someone was guilty, we investigated, found absolutely no wrongdoing. Told the community, they didn't care. They would only be happy with swift, visible action. I would have to say you're naive for thinking the two are much different. Any group, no matter how civil and educated, can dislove pretty quickly into mob mentality. Walking around the CTF room, it looked to be about 1/2 Mac and 1/2 non-mac, with about 1/2 of the non-macs running some unix variant (assuming people aren't running linux with a windows looking window manager or vice versa). The last article said it was mainly so they could use green energy like solar and geo-thermal. > Once it's fixed (I'll let them know about it tomorrow and I expect it'll be rectified in a day or two) I'll update this page, but until that time, try it for yourself. Sadly, it will never be fixed. This is not a bug to them. They are forcing every url on twitter to go through t.co for click tracking. It is no longer possible to put a url into a tweet without going through t.co, unless you leave off the http, which makes it unclickable in a lot of clients. I keep mine here http://www.jedberg.net/vimrc Yep you're right, but it won't let me edit. :/ Speaking from experience, yes, yes it is. My wife is a teacher, and she tends to get sick at the start of pretty much every vacation. It's like her body knows that she doesn't have time to be sick until vacation. All but one of those lines is bidirectional, and it doesn't indicate "who shot first", so it is quite possible those are all defensive suits. And in case it helps, I was about to write the exact same comment. They are using Alexa numbers which are, basically, unsubstantiated guesses. Heck, they didn't even bother to read the numbers reddit actually publishes. reddit was actually already bigger than Digg before they launched V4. There was a lot of overlap of users and people were pissed off, so they thought it would be funny. The default is best, but if you've ever sorted by "top", it will remain "top" until you change it back. It's a long standing bug. :) Oh yeah! It was in the changelog. I forgot, since I'm no longer responsible for memorizing the changelog. ;) The bug was that a GET request was causing an update, which shouldn't happen because then you end up updating your settings just by clicking on a link, usually inadvertently. > or maybe small improvements as you see happen on HN like with voting, points, etc, Hey, that reminds me. I use HN every day, but I still don't have an handle on when the arrows appear and don't and when I can edit and can't. Is there some page somewhere that actually outlines the rules, or do I have to read the code? People have been calling reddit "Usenet 2.0" for a long time. In fact, usenet was something that often came up in discussions of how certain features should work and what features we should work on. I think they actually fixed that bug last week. It'll ignore broken subreddits now. Oh, I wasn't challenging you, I was just adding some additional context. :) I think it means Laugh out Loud in this context. I dropped my landline for the first time in my life 3 months ago. Apparently you need one to order xDSL, but not to keep xDSL (since my DSL still works). I haven't actually placed a call on my landline in about 5 years, so I figured there's no reason to keep it. As someone who has experience in this area, let me just say that it probably won't drive all that much traffic. Most people ignore those little buttons. It will however put an insane amount of load on whatever server it is served from. Supporting buttons was the first thing that drove reddit to getting a CDN. We also made it cache the score for a few minutes for non-logged-in users, which helped alleviate a lot of load. > A running joke in the tech industry is that most of the CEOs wouldn’t know how to use most of the products they sell. I would say that's the difference between a CEO who was a founder and a CEO that was brought on late in the game. The founder-ceo's, like Gates and Jobs, are the ones that basically earned their spots by knowing their products well and being completely consumed by their company. Los Gatos / San Francisco Bay Area Netflix I'm hiring for my team (although there are a ton of other jobs too) The description is a little light on programming, but it really is more programming than sysadmining. Netflix is a very open environment -- any engineer can push code to production pretty much any time with almost nothing in the way. There is no release manager or schedule. Maintaining reliability in this environment is a fun challenge! Our team has three main goals: * Write tools to help the other engineers know when it is safe to deploy. * Create monitoring tools to detect issues before users do, fix them automatically if possible, and if not, contact the right people as quickly as possible. * Take charge of outages and lead the calls until they are resolved and then follow up to make sure the root cause has been found and fixed. So if this sounds like something interesting to you, you can send your resume to me at jedberg@netflix.com, and if you have any questions about the job, feel free to comment here (but don't email for questions, because I'd rather answer them here were everyone can see the answer). Here's a discussion about the job on reddit: http://www.reddit.com/comments/jyaqd/ Here is the full job description from the jobs site: Netflix is the world's leading streaming video service, and our growth is accelerating. At Netflix, we are upgrading our cloud management tools and pushing the limits of using cloud-based technology, powering our explosive (and soon to be international) growth while presenting new challenges to build a reliable service with ephemeral commodity hardware in an engineer friendly environment.. As a member of the Cloud Solutions team, you will manage, support and operate the company’s cloud environment. You will build tools to monitor, automatically fix and/or proactively notify service owners of problems before customers notice. You will drive incident resolution and follow through on finding root causes and getting them fixed. You are an expert in distributed, highly concurrent, web-scale systems that are fault-tolerant and run 24x7 with unparalleled availability. You are a talented devops engineer and you thrive on managing and maintaining a reliable environment that others depend on. You possess these qualities: * You see the big picture delivering a 24x7 service * You are effective working with multiple teams * You have high standards in everything you do * You can balance multiple tasks You have these skills: * Great communication skills, both verbal and written * In-depth experience operating a 24x7 production environment * Fluent in Linux: RedHat, CentOS, Fedora, Ubuntu * Strong scripting and programming skills (we’re going to ask you to write code on the whiteboard) * Familiar with the Java platform, especially JVM configuration and JMX * Knowledgeable in Linux packaging tools: rpm, yum, dpkg, apt * Ability to quickly triage problems, determine root cause and drive resolution * Ability to keep a cool head under pressure and effectively participate in system down crisis situations You may even have these skills: * Expertise in one or more of the following: Java, Python, Ruby, Perl, shell * Prior experience with Amazon EC2/S3 or other cloud service providers * Building systems deployment and service management automation tools * Familiarity with large scale systems and methodologies If this sounds interesting then we want to hear from you! I've worked at both, and said the exact same thing. Now I find myself at a big company (Netflix). How did this happen? When I was looking for a job, I was mostly looking at startups, but the Netflix job caught my eye, because they are solving a very interesting technology problem. I brought up my concerns in the interview, and they convinced me by pointing out that a lot of people here had come from big tech companies that had transitioned from startup to big and corporate (two of those being Yahoo and eBay), and most of those people wanted to avoid that. So a lot of what is done here is done as a way to retain top talent -- engineers are respected, process is a dirty word. That's really important. When something goes wrong, the response is not "what rules can we put in place to prevent this". The response is "how can we educate new employees so they have to knowledge to make sure this doesn't happen again, and how can we give them to tools to make this easier?" That is why I chose to work for a big company again. Also, it was pointed out to me that if you look at most people in the silicon valley, they didn't make their money working for startups -- they made it working for bigger but growing public companies like Yahoo and eBay and now Google and Netflix. > The strategies by which they maximize their individual return now involve politics, power and control. The problem is you are working with people who want to maximize their return -- they aren't interested in the problem at hand. When I do hiring, I'm looking for people who are interested in the problem, interesting in making the product better. As long as the money is "good enough", they don't really care about the payout. They just want to solve hard problems. Once you find those, you get a lot less of the politics. So I'm reading through this thread, and I see: > I even wrote a set of Perl scripts to keep track of how much time I spend sitting vs. standing, and how it changes over time. And my first thought was "that's totally something raldi would do". I didn't notice your username until two more comments down. Could Netflix buy a bunch of oil using their stores of local currency and then ship that oil to the states and resell it? Just a thought. I doubt Netflix wants to get into the oil shipping business. :) I believe they only have one person from within still there that could do it. I guess I was trying to make a snarky comment about the fact that most of us who would be reasonable choices left before it became an option. You can already do that. You can assign a domain name to a reddit and they style it, which basically gives you exactly what you want. > It’s taxation without representation. No it isn't. She still gets to vote in US elections if she wants to. That's WHY they still collect taxes. I'm not saying it is right, but that is the explanation usually given. Because even though you don't live in the US, you still receive benefits, like protection from the military and other benefits that all US citizens get. I actually don't think it is entirely unreasonable to tax ex-pats, especially since the first $80K is exempt. Fair enough. I wasn't aware that you had to live in some state for 6 months. But are you sure you can't get a Federal only vote? I guess that would put you in the same place as DC, who also don't get representatives, which is jacked. The should let you vote in the state closest to where you live or something. Of course, that would mostly boost the coastal states, wouldn't it. :) They could make it work if they wanted to. They would have you designate a "home" address for both federal and state elections, and then let you vote in all local elections for which you are entitled (because you own land). That would be fair. In fact, I know that as a Berkeley landowner, my in-laws are allowed to vote on the local Berkeley issues, even though they vote on the state and federal stuff at home. I'm slightly amused by the fact that Salesforce is one of their investors, so they just paid themselves. You have to wonder if Microsoft is doing this out of malice or just because they haven't thought it all the way through. I'm going to go with option 2 -- I don't think they are clever enough to nerf linux like this. They are probably just thinking, "how do we prevent viruses?" I'm amazed he didn't have any data prior to this. We used to ask people all the time if the would send us their sanitized logs so we could see the "reddit effect", or at least give us the aggregate data. Fair enough. :) I should see if I can get one of my posts to the top of reddit. So far all my best submissions were on the reddit blog. From what I hear from my insider friends, the next iPhone has actually been ready for months, they just didn't want to release it so close to the iPhone 4. In fact, they are almost done with the next next version of the phone, but don't expect to see it for at lest a year. Until someone provides some real competition to the iPhone, they really have no reason to rapidly release new models. Los Gatos, CA Netflix Looking for Senior SREs. Basically, we're starting a new company to take streaming global and make it so convient that it is better than the free options. I'm looking for people to help make sure that any time someone wants to find and play a movie, they can. You can get more info here: http://jobs.usethesource.com/item?id=166 Or here: http://www.reddit.com/comments/jyaqd/ Or here: http://www.netflix.com/Jobs?id=7563&jvi=olLGVfwr Digg was always good at getting press. Woz's site was down yesterday. I went there looking for this. Anyone have a link to the unedited video? I'm kind of curious what they cut out. As someone with a business process patent pending, let me just say, business process patents are ridiculous. This is yet another great example of why. For one, you already get a copyright on the software you write, as well as any books or pamphlets that your company might write to describe your business process. So there really is no reason for the patent -- you can use your copyright for all types of business practices. Second, the purpose of patents was to protect an inventor for a limited time to encourage invention. They required you to turn in a prototype to get one. I think we need to go to a system where you have to turn in a working prototype of a physical invention to get your non-renewable three year patent. If you can't turn your prototype profitable in three years, move out of the way so that someone else who can execute better than you can do it instead. Just to clarify one thing, the founders in the AirBnB case were not selling anything to investors -- they were taking a dividend, which is even worse for the early employees, because the founders get rich without dilituing themselves, precluding the other employees from doing better in a subsequent round. Yes, I know. I should have mentioned that in my comment, but my point was that the agreement as originally written did not line up with the OPs comment. Unless that role were an engineering role, I don't think he'd be interested. I'm sure he's quite capable, since he is a generally smart dude, but just the same, everything I've ever read makes me think he only likes building things. The problem here is that encryption is an overloaded term. There are two different things happening when one encrypts, and both are useful independently. The two parts are identity and obfuscation. Obfuscation protects you from listeners who do not control the network, and identity protects you from listeners who do control the network. Together, you know only your intended recipient is getting your message, but apart, at least you are protected from certain threats. So even if we just had obfuscation, that would protect us from most threats. When people say "we need encryption everywhere", I think generally what they mean is "we need obfuscation everywhere" to protect from the worst threats, which are those of the uncontrolling listener. The flip side is that the uninformed will get complacent and assume that obfuscation is giving them identity protection as well. > On reddit they say its an antispam measure, whereas here its a key part of the ranking algorithm. Those two things are one in the same. Because first he tried buying them, and when that failed, he built it himself (well, ordered the Apple employees to). My first thought was, "wow, infogami is still up?" I guess I left it in a good state. :) Yeah, we did that a long time ago. I'm just surprised it is still running! I don't think I even told the other reddit guys about infogami or where it runs or anything. Nope, it's static only. But if you ask the reddit guys real nice, they might be willing to edit the file manually for you. Does that bluetooth cordless phone handle multiple phones? So that my wife and I can both use it? Also, got a link or brand? I'm not denying this fact, but do you have any evidence for your claims? The last version of BSD I used regularly was 3.2, and I've missed it since. Although, I've somewhat gotten my fix by installing via ports on MacOS. Perhaps with this release, I'll try my hand at getting it to run on Ec2. Alternatively, does anyone know of a good cheap vps that runs BSD? > The moment a popular site like Reddit switches to the cloud, is the moment it becomes barely usable during certain times of the day. That's completely false. The moment reddit blogged about moving to the cloud, it was * perceived* as being slower. The cloud move happened 7 months before the blog post came out. You didn't abandon "the cloud", you just switched providers. You're still paying someone else for servers that you don't own (unless softlayer ships you those machines after 3 years). This is why I hate the term "the cloud" -- because it is too nebulous and non-descriptive. > Cloud implies running in virtualized environment. Dedicated implies that only your bits run on that hardware which is huge for I/O. True, but the blog post didn't say if they are using virtualization or not. Also, you don't necessarily take a huge hit in I/O with virtualization. VMWare on dedicated hardware with all the virtualization extensions will be pretty comprable and a lot easier to maintain then straight up raw iron. I hate all the terms because they are all buzzword lingo. :) I realize I use the buzzword on my linkedin. I may hate the term, but I still have to play the game, right? Los Gatos, CA Netflix Looking for Senior SREs. Basically, we're starting a new company to take streaming global and make it so convient that it is better than the free options. I'm looking for people to help make sure that any time someone wants to find and play a movie, they can. We're solving lots of really interesting problems, like how do you maintain a reliable service on hardware that is unreliable and you don't control (Amazon Web Services). Our group also gets to help teach other groups how to build for scale. Come join me! You can get more info here: http://jobs.usethesource.com/item?id=166 Or here: http://www.reddit.com/comments/jyaqd/ Or here: http://www.netflix.com/Jobs?id=7563&jvi=olLGVfwr Essentially. The streaming part of the company is just a few years old, and we operate a lot more like a startup than like a 10 year old public company. reddit had the same problem. We set up a separate server just for the google crawler with it's own copy of the database, so that the queries for old pages didn't slow down everyone else. > Has anyone here ever been the beneficiary of a concrete effect from a consultant's work, such as a tangible new idea that resulted in better profits/efficiencies, beyond what is merely CYA? Absolutely. When I was in the security group for eBay/PayPal, we had a consultant come in for about a month, and at the end he gave us a list of projects to keep us busy for at least a year that made tangible improvements to our security. Alternatively, be the first member of a new team (like I did). There are no expectations of what work you will do or how, so it's like being in a startup, except you have a lot more stuff to play with. How old is your set? My TV, which is about 2 years old, isn't this bad. I have 3 HDMI cables running out of it, and when I turn on a device (like the Blu-Ray) it turns the TV on and switches to the correct input. Then I turn off the TV when I'm done and it shuts off the Bly-Ray. It all pretty much just works. reddit used (and still for the most part uses) postgres as a schemaless storage (although they don't use hstore). Also, I'm pretty sure Heroku uses hstore, because they're the ones that taught me about it. So not everyone forgot about it. > Crowd donating is legal. Crowd investing is not; currently, investors must be accredited or qualified. That's not actually true (otherwise you couldn't do a friends and family round). The reason a startup generally wants qualified investors is because the non-qualified ones can sue you if you they lose money, so it is in your best interest not to take their money. Am I the only one on HN who thinks this is a bad idea? I can only see this going one of two ways: - Minimally regulated so that it is easy to get money, but then full of scams. - Heavily regulated so that it is hard to get money, which makes it not much better than the current system. I'd love to see smaller investors able to invest in startups, but it just seems like a bad idea to let any old person invest. Can someone convince me I'm wrong? Why would having a bank involved weed out scams if it were impossible for the bank to lose money? This is basically what happened during the mortgage bubble -- the banks lowered their standards because they knew the government would back up the loans. > I don't think we should be protecting people from themselves as much as we do as a society That much I do agree with you. This is definitely a case of the government protecting people from themselves. Just the same, I'm still not sure it's a good idea because it will give entrepreneurs a bad name, so in a sense, it is protecting that reputation too. Back in the days of Old Man Potter, the bank solved this problem by being local and the banker actually was your friend, so he already knew your social graph. I use both on my machine. Safari is my "Facebook" browser -- I use it for Facebook and Facebook alone. Chrome is my everything else browser. Mainly because it has a unified url/search bar. I have no idea with Safari hasn't picked this up, but that's pretty much it. Oh and also because all the google apps just seem to work better on Chrome. I used use Firefox as my everything browser, but it got just too slow. I mostly only use it for testing and doing front-end development. Not officially, no, but I'm sure if google goes to mozilla and says, "hey, we think you guys should support technology X, it's really great" I'm sure you'd listen and probably get a good nudge from the higher ups that, "hey maybe we should listen to those google people". You're right that Oakland is in Alameda County, but you're totally wrong about the highway. Even in morning rush hour it's only 60 minutes from Oakland to SV. I used to commute from Berkeley to San Jose every day. With no traffic you can totally get from Oakland to the Googleplex in 45 minutes. I'm not sure I believe this and here is why: At one point Highscalability covered the reddit architecture, but he didn't actually talk to anyone at reddit about it, and got a lot of it wrong. I tried to contact him and get it fixed, but he never responded to me. So I have to wonder where these numbers are coming from. I tried to contact you through the form on your site. Regardless, I wasn't accusing you of making things up, I was just stating that sometimes you don't use very reliable sources (like blog posts that may also be unreliable). I don't work at reddit anymore, so I can't speak to their setup, but if you ever need help with an article on Netflix, let me know! This is the best public information about how Netflix works: http://www.slideshare.net/adrianco/global-netflix-platform Thanks. Is there any way to make it clickable in the text above? Markdown doesn't seem to work. Great, thanks! I'll try to include more citations of practical examples for the next article. Good points about trimming the fat. The main reason about going into depth was as a teaser for the next article. You're right, I didn't spend enough time driving home the point about mining the data. I think more examples (as mentioned elsewhere) would have improved that. Thanks for your feedback! http://reddit.com http://thedailywtf.com/ http://www.mozilla.org/ http://www.wired.com/ http://www.fark.com/ http://boards.4chan.org/co/ http://en.wikipedia.org/ https://www.google.com/landing/takeaction/ > Vim is for coding. Yes, and a lot more. I use Vim for all my text editing. I used vim to write my latest blog post. It would have been (and will be) awesome to do that on my iPad instead. We thought about doing that a long time ago, but then figured all you would see is a bunch of comments that were just "." or something similarly useless. There would be no reasonable way to force people to make a useful comment. When Digg went belly up, reddit already had double the traffic Digg had at peak. This happened to my Dad. At 61, he has a long resume of experience, but it is experience in a lot of old technologies. He finally solved the problem though, by moving out of state. Last month, my Dad, a native a Los Angeles who has lived there his entire life, moved to Iowa. He basically had to find a company that was still running on old technology that actually respected experience. They don't pay as well in Iowa, but then again, the cost of living is a lot less. Their ters of service make it very clear that they don't delete things when you choose to delete it. I don't think you'd have much of a claim. JD Edwards and a bunch of other stuff I don't even know the name of. :) Right after 9/11, I got "randomly selected" just about every time. This was when they were still calling out the last names of the people who had been selected. It was basically a roll call of Arabic sounding names with a few Jews thrown in for good measure (me) and then usually a Smith or a Jones to make it seem random. Los Gatos, CA Netflix Looking for Senior SREs. Basically, we're acting like a new company to take streaming global and make it so convient that it is better than the free options. I'm looking for people to help make sure that any time someone wants to find and play a movie, they can. We're solving lots of really interesting problems, like how do you maintain a reliable service on hardware that is unreliable and you don't control (Amazon Web Services). Our group also gets to help teach other groups how to build for scale. Come join me! You can get more info here: http://jobs.usethesource.com/item?id=166 Or here: http://www.reddit.com/comments/jyaqd/ Or here: http://www.netflix.com/Jobs?id=7563&jvi=olLGVfwr They got past that in 2008 and the SEC said it was ok since most of the shareholders were employees. Yeah, that wasn't very nice of you. Now you've basically ruined their low bar filter and made the bar even lower, completely defeating the purpose. Well, from a personal point of view, when we did the reddit hiring, it really annoyed us when someone posted their solution to one of the problems, because there were clearly people who were copying the solution to get their cover letter to us. So then we had to read those letter to determine that no, this person isn't actually qualified, and now we wasted our time (and theirs). So that is where I was saying the harm comes from. It's not hugely threatening, it's just annoying. That's pretty amusing. Perhaps then I was wrong, and it is less annoying to them than it was to me. > I think that gets us both (deservedly) downvoted around these parts. ;) Right now Facebook looks just like Google -- almost all the revenue comes from display ads (it's in their S1). And the thing with MS that really blows my mind is that they lost 8 billion dollars on the entertainment division before it became profitable. Imagine if that had been it's own startup -- it would have never made it as far as it has, because they would have run out of money long before ever being profitable. So in hindsight, we have to give credit to MS for sticking with it for so long. They mentioned that S3 is too slow for customers, so they serve the data from their app and cache it. Later they mentioned the site is slow for non-US users and they are looking at a CDN for their static assets. I wonder, have they looked at Cloudfront, which would solve both of these problems for them? > Why is there a need for so many varnish servers? Probably because a lot of their assets are static image files. One of the best ways to determine if you might have apnea is to ask your sleeping partner. If they complain about you moving around a lot, or making lots of "grunting" noises or noises that sound like you are choking, then you are a good candidate. If you don't have a sleeping partner, use a video camera and record yourself sleeping one night. I noticed a few things in the calculaton that bias it towards self hosting: * Using us-west, the more expensive option * Not including labor, which is signifigantly higher if you have to rack and stack yourself. That being said, I agree with the conclusions. If you're traffic isn't spiky or variable, then you might be better off self hosting. I think about it all the time. Especially at the supermarket when I see the automated checkout line. Then I head directly for the automated checkout line and tell my wife that the main reason I use those is because I like the idea of computers putting unskilled labor out of work, because I'm a bastard like that. All the more reason we need to support education from an early age and more importantly get back to supporting journeyman and trade education -- so we have less unskilled labor. The main benefit for me is that because most people are afraid of them or don't see the benefit, the line is shorter. When the regular line is shorter, I still use them. Command-Space opens spotlight, and if you're gonna search, you might as well already have your hand on they keyboard. I actually like it better -- I'm much more likely to activate notifications with a mouse, so I'd much rather have that be the "bigger" target. My friends and I used to do a Safeway card swap party once in a while to avoid exactly this. Everyone would throw their Safeway card into a pile and then randomly select one to keep. Not even we knew who's card we had. Building a great product is step one. Marketing it is step two. Zynga is really good at borrowing step one and executing step two, but they're not the only company that does this. This actually kind of annoys me. When I worked in that very same Wired office, I was constantly trying to get the (fairly tech savvy) writers to use git for their drafts and then just push to Wordpress when they had a final version. They never thought it would work. Well, I'm just glad they finally saw the light. I can't wait until we can convince congress to publish laws this way. Imagine if you could see which congrescritter made each change with git blame? That would be really useful to the community. You should definitely open source it. I don't understand why this has to be queried against a server. Time zones don't change that much. Why can't this just be a standalone library download? If I want to share a link to your API, and you're using accept headers for versioning, how do share that URL? I think that not only is using accept headers worse, I think it is flat out wrong. That's not what the accept header is for. It's for client specific things only. The version of the API you need is NOT client specific. Ok, fair enough. I can see how a web service could be useful. But it seems like in most cases the use case is for an app running on an appserver somewhere, in which case it makes sense to have a library I'd say. Once every five years definitely falls in the realm of "download this library again". :) I love Sonic. I wish I could get them at my house in Cupertino (hint hint). I would drop UVerse without hesitation. We got Sonic for the reddit office and it is awesome. One day, a Sonic rep stopped by, unannounced, just to make sure everything was satisfactory. It was amazing. It's a filtering mechanisim. If you aren't familiar with Etsy, then you probably aren't the person they're looking for. Much like with reddit, we posted the jobs on the blog because we wanted people familiar with the site. Los Gatos, CA Netflix Looking for Senior SREs. Basically, we're acting like a new company to take streaming global and make it so convient that it is better than the free options. I'm looking for people to help make sure that any time someone wants to find and play a movie, they can. We're solving lots of really interesting problems, like how do you maintain a reliable service on hardware that is unreliable and you don't control (Amazon Web Services). Our group also gets to help teach other groups how to build for scale. Come join me! You can get more info here: http://jobs.usethesource.com/item?id=166 Or here: http://www.reddit.com/comments/jyaqd/ Or here: https://signup.netflix.com/Jobs?id=oHxbWfw5 Back in the day before "big pharma", medical advances came out of Universities, many of them publicly funded. I think if the big pharma were cut off at the knees funding-wise, we'd see a resurgence in academic research. Which I personally think is far better, because typically (not always of course) academics will share and collaborate, instead of being in walled gardens. Those are the inbound emails, not the outbound. As I said on the comments there, I'm excited about this change. I just hope they gave him sufficient leeway to do what he needs to do. There is nowhere in Berkeley that close to the Bay Bridge. In fact, that has to have been taken in San Francisco, so the caption is clearly wrong. Ah, I should have actually looked up what that meant, and my question would have been answered. Thanks fennecfoxen. I do not. As far as I know they are (and have been) a totally independent company since September. Not sure why I wouldn't be. :) I'm a hacker after all. The .02 seconds is how long the actual search took, the rest of it is how long it took for the reddit appserver to respond. You're just seeing slow reddit response times. Thank you I think? I don't have a lot of time to update my homepage, so it's basic. It's way down on the bottom of my todo list to update it at some point but honestly those links will tell you far more about me than anything I could write about myself.