Your questions and answers aren't really "yours" on SE. That's the way it works. A bit unusual, but nothing wrong per se. Like Wikipedia, but that you still get credit for what you started. In my country (Norway) the seller, importer and manufacturer are obliged by law to fix or replace broken items the first 3 to 5 years after purchase depending on type of item. So warranty/guarantee is mostly useless, what the law provides us consumers is already better. Why is 6 months a more reasonable warranty? If my phone breaks down for any reason that is not my fault after 8 months, I'd expect to get a new one or it to be fixed for free. Politically, Norway is very left/socialistic. So that this "forces everyone" to pay for it is generally looked upon as OK, because one is not punished for getting a randomly faulty device. And it's great as a consumer, I get what I pay for, a functioning device. Well, the Norwegian government has decided that a phone should be expected to last for three years, a sofa for five etc. So a phone breaking down after two years from normal usage and no faults by the user is per definition a faulty device. This actually creates incentives to make more sturdy products and not speculate in planned obsolescence. > isn't it great for you as a consumer that you can take money from the manufacturer? That's not my point, and a gross misrepresentation of socialism. I know that in the end the consumers pay for it. But everyone chips in for those less fortunate to get a proper functioning device. >> doesn't seem like a game-changing difference to me The big difference here is that there is women selling these in private to other women. No man behind a counter. When the women come together about this, it may end up not being such a taboo, and they get advise on how to actually do this. So the game changer here isn't the price, but the community and independence for the women evolving around this product. That's kinda the point, though. Read the comments for that file. ;) > The other has refused to accept them, instead charging a fixed percentage service fee. Why not just show the real price in the menu? I feel offended when I've gotten shitty service and have to pay a "service fee". I also hate when my tip is what's paying the wages. Just set the price higher to cover the wages! They need to spend money on infrastructure/raw power for the interactive worm sims simulation. The code is open, so I guess that means you can host your own version if you'd like? Wow, cool that someone is sharing our project! It's for a course at my university called "experts in teams" where they combine master students from many programs in teams and give them tasks. A video with more shoots is available[1]. We got UAVs for the Norwegian oil industry as a task, and explored how they can be flown better in the future. Other teams with the same task made other cool stuff as well, for instance a custom drone for geological mapping. [2] [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANSjwWomIJ8 [2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5di01L1mot8 Ironic that your reply to a piece about strawmen is nothing but a strawman. Of course he is not meaning what you're saying, he's talking about context switching. If I have to wait 15 seconds for my tests to run, I start doing something else and my thought process around the problem is gone. I think it's only possible to up vote comments after a day or so, and no longer down vote. So when you say something controversial, the first hours you get a lot of both up- and down votes. But after a while, you only get the up votes. My student newspaper has written about the Moser couple and their research several times [1][2]. It's in Norwegian, though, so not sure how much of use it is to share (edit: apparently we have an English version of the second article, see response to this post). Does anyone have good resources about their research for a layman? Most international articles I've found contain very little other than the same stuff in this press release. [1]: http://dusken.no/artikkel/24478/ett-kart-for-alle-rom/ [2]: http://dusken.no/artikkel/22614/hjernefamilie/ Strawman... I'm neither against build tools nor the idea of a js build tool. Make would basically just run CLI in this instance, so it's exactly what I like. I like maven, but I hate when I need a special maven plugin for the tool I want to use. All these tools expose a nice CLI that can be used, no need to complicate it by adding more abstractions. If it weren't for how Grunt can watch files, I would have scrapped it for our project. Because the config Gruntfile for our build process is impossible to understand and maintain, but the end results are just some simple commands to various tools. Wow, cool to see my thesis here! I posted a picture of it [1] to r/bicycling yesterday titled I managed to make my thesis in computer science be about bicycles! , and it got some traction. I answered some questions in the discussion, if anyone is interested. [1]: https://redd.it/3p8hua Everything seem complicated when you dont properly understand the problem. This post is a good reason for why you shouldn't be picked. But that's not a library. It forces your whole project into a box in which it may not fit. Elm is not without problems as well, although they (him?) are working on the biggest pain-points. Not sure why you are calling off-piste skiing silly, a rich man sport and something one shouldn't do. It's an incredible feeling, lots of fun, and if you have to walk up the mountain first it's a nice nature experience as well. Yes, it can be dangerous, but it's a risk you can manage yourself. So it doesn't have to be very dangerous if one follows common advice and also don't ski where there is a high risk of avalanches. Everything carries a risk, my point was that off-piste skiing doesn't have to be too much more dangerous than more mundane stuff, like driving a car. > I'm having trouble beating a chess program I wrote. Not sure if I'm a bad player or the algorithm is decent Most beginners will lose to even a chess engine that only looks one step ahead, as it will not drop pieces in obvious ways, but the beginner will. Chess.js etc. is great btw. Last time I made some chess ai, most of the time was spent generating possible moves. En passant, promotion and stuff adds complexity. One thing I like about PHP for quick prototyping or one-off projects is that an error doesn't bring the whole server down. For instance, I held a workshop where I hosted a server the students were to do some requests to. I had written a simple Node application that read the json they sent and returned a result. What I didn't anticipate was that them sending malformed json would bring the whole server down. So then I had to add error handling and stuff. Of course one should normally do that, but in PHP the malformed requests would just fail, leaving other requests unharmed, which would be acceptable for this kind of project. You're not refusing my point by insisting on adding more complexity (a huge framework), when simplicity and rapid prototyping of a small script was the goal. This question is what I mean, extra stuff one has to keep in mind: http://stackoverflow.com/q/5999373/923847 Does it matter for a real project? Probably not, just some boilerplate. Does it matter when I want something quick up and running? Yes. Same for games written i Java, by using pooling and not deallocating until a safe spot. Was especially important in early Android, where a GC break would not just feel like minor lag, but actally make a really big stutter. I'd wish they were a bit more futuristic than having 9000 parking spaces. Why not offer buses from where their employees live or other means of transportation? It's easy to say that most people drive, but that's only because everyone always make that the most convenient mode of transportation. With some effort something else could be even more convenient. What does it mean being "supported", given that one already can use Kotlin on Android? One of the things I find hardest with redux is to make reusable components (across projects), as they have to be added to the state tree somewhere, and then connected. With nested components you may get implicit dependencies on where in the tree it should be. All this makes it very cumbersome. So even though most of our apps use Redux, the reusable parts use setState as they then can be completely independent. > In her case, she knows these people personally and they're not fake scripts Still, their opinions aren't trustworthy to me, given they are written by people close to the author. So I could actually agree with FakeSpot on this. Unleash is very powerful. https://github.com/Unleash/unleash I used proxies to make a fun library where you can call arbitrary functions, and it tries to make the function based on the name. For instance declaraoids.findWhereNameEqualsX(persons, {x: "Mats"}); It will generate the function on the fly. https://github.com/Matsemann/Declaraoids > To summarize, it seems like they made some mistakes, microed their services in a knee-jerk attempt to alleviate the symptoms of the mistakes, realized microservices didn't fix their mistakes, finally addressed the mistakes, then wrote a blog post about microservices. You try to remove the critique from microservices, but for me these issues are actually good arguments against microservices. It's hard to do right. As a kid that tinkered with programming/computers before I learned English, this has stuck as something I always misspell. While I agree React isn't the issue here, you chose horrible examples. Loading Facebook on my computer (especially trying to open a chat window) brings my computer to a knee. And using twitter on mobile browser you quickly learn how the spinner looks. > Flaw 2: One common suggestion is to let useState() accept a key argument (e.g. a string) that uniquely identifies a particular state variable within a component. I tried asking about that earlier here on HN[0], nice to finally at least get an explanation. The tldr is name clashes when reusing hooks. A valid concern, I think they should be more upfront about the reasoning instead of "hooks are magic, don't use them in these ways". That would make it easier to accept. [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18640612 (and the blogpost in the answer didn't really answer it) This article went viral in Norway, helping lots of parents see the value gaming can have. Very touching how he was confined to a chair, but through RPing online could be whoever he wanted and had a positive impact on many people. Im working for a company that was bought by a private equity in 2015 and taken off the stock market. Then introduced to the market again about two years later. They left us mostly alone, and most things actually turned to the better. Maybe not having to answer to thousands of shareholders gave management the possibility to implement some needed changes. One example was a new salary/bonus/retirement structure giving a huge boost to most of us. So YMMV. Farouk al-Kasim. It's a fascinating story, glad I found this in webarchive as it's now behind a paywall. http://web.archive.org/web/20100123225932/http://www.ft.com/... > You'll regularly get harassed for riding in the street, even when you're all the way to the right I don't even understand the hate for riding in the middle. If a driver were to pass someone riding on the right, he would (should) have to move so far over that the next lane has to be empty. That is the same as if the bicyclist was in the middle. Riding to the right only invites cars to squeeze past. Take the lane, it's safer. > This is everything that is wrong with journalism today. What? It's not manufactured hate by journalists. Minutes after the presentation Twitter, reddit etc buzzed with this. So they only report on what people are reacting to. If the article and reactions are dumb because Apple could have spun this as a $6k monitor, then that's Apple's fault. I held a workshop once where people implemented this (and other image algorithms). The end result can be seen here [0], and the tasks here [1] (but in Norwegian). Can click the "run seam carving" button to watch it unfold step by step. [0]: https://matsemann.github.io/image-workshop/ [1]: https://github.com/Matsemann/image-workshop That's one thing I like with GDPR. It has to be informed consent for a lot of cases. Can't hide it and say you agreed to whatever in a hidden EULA. It actually reminds me of $scope.$watch from Angular 1. Yeah, I've seen lots of comments on how she's a left-wing puppet, or why they didn't get some scientist knowing what they speak about up there instead of a kid. But - Why is caring about climate left-wing? - It's the same people ignoring the scientists, that write this crap, so no, a scientist speaking doesn't solve anthing. Unfortunately. It wouldn't have come to this then. How is this inappropriate for adults? You are free not to like it, but you shouldn't gatekeep others. It's gatekeeping all right. It's a statement about what real adults should like and not. What you're doing is an absurd straw man, please don't behave like that. Yeah, the weeks I spent making that collection was quite mind-bending, hehe. I'd like to read more about this setup! Kudos to him. For all the flack JS gets, ES2015 was a huge boon to the ecosystem and pretty nice. > I've spent most of the last two years working on an in depth technical history of the evolution of JavaScript/ECMAScript from 1995 through 2015. It would be interesting to read. How things came to be the way they are. It's actually quite impressive that the various browsers/companies/etc manage to cooperate at all. In angular 1, if you had a function on the form myApp.controller('MyCtrl', function($myCoolService) { //... }); Angular would see that you are looking for a parameter named myCoolService, see if it already has it, and then inject it when calling your controller. This of course broke in various ways with minification when the parameter names were mangled. So one had the opportunity to use "array syntax", requesting a dependency by a string. Or use a preprocessor in the build script adding the array syntax before minifying. I think this is for data too, not just schemas. When playing with a workshop for this [0], I found it hard to make real-looking trees. Especially when trying to color them, as the recursiveness doesn't really care if you want it to be a branch or a trunk. I have experimented with checking the depth of the stack for the turtle, and using that to draw with a different color/strokweight. But still not sure how to make it look more like a real tree. [1] It's fun to experiment with, though! The image is produced by F: "FF", X: "F+[[X]-FX]-F[F-FX]+X" [0]: https://github.com/FredrikMeyer/lsystems-workshop edit index.js#L102 [1]: https://imgur.com/a/1flZ2b8 One usually just bundles a jre and package the whole thing to a binary[0]. You wouldn't even know the game you're playing is running java. One could probably improve this further with modules and the newer additions to java/jvm (jlink). [0]: https://github.com/libgdx/libgdx/wiki/Bundling-a-JRE GC is also not that big of an issue in these type of games if one's careful of using pools for the various objects, and then release stuff at appropriate times. Looks like IntelliJ has it: - equals() or hashCode() called on java.net.URL object - Map or Set may contain java.net.URL objects https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/list-of-java-inspections... Optimizing my work-life to just sit at home alone all day sounds dystopian. I like biking to work, and meet my colleagues and have some kind of social contact during the 8 hours. If anything, one could optimize for remote teams, not everyone has to be in the same building. And not all companies have to have their office in the same street down town. I forgot my glasses in the hurry to work today, so I might be more susceptible to this than usual, but some of the contrasts are very low. For instance palette 14 the yellow links on white, or palette 10 the yellow links on green, are both impossible to read. Update: Contrast 1.02 according to devtools in firefox. Other than that I like the palettes. Kokichi Sugihara didn't reach quite the top this year with his "Facing-Right Illusion", but he has won multiple years with variations of this concept. Cool that it gets refined each year. I have calculated some of the shapes myself and a few unique ones. They can be seen here: https://www.thingiverse.com/Matsemann/collections/matsemanns... One would normally think that rotating it would create the same shape, but pointing the other way. My arrow here maybe makes it a bit more clear: https://github.com/Matsemann/impossible-objects You have quite overlap between some stuff. I would recommend "Clean Code", but then skip the rest from the same author, at least for a while. While "Code Complete" is good, it's loooong and also a lot of the same stuff. For patterns, "Head First" is a bit childish maybe, but the content is fine for someone learning to recognize patterns. "Patterns of Enterprise..." is also good, but more dry. I'd stick with one of those two. And then skip the one by GoF, unless you want to read the "original" for some reason. "The Pragmatic Programmer" is probably the book that has shaped my work the most. Well, I still read them almost every christmas. At least a few of them. I'd also recommend Brandon Sanderson. Mistborn series is very good, and Stormligh Archive is good so far. I really like his world-building, and I think the way he uses magic is something most HNers would approve of. It's often well defined, and the characters try to exploit it the same way a reader would. Watered down is a feature. Code bases with Scala tends to be unreadable for people not well versed in the language. Kotlin is mostly just a better Java. So it's easier to introduce. And the interop is first class, so it's really easy to mix and match java and kotlin, which also makes it easier to gradually introduce. Is there a limit to what one can do with these six characters? Like, now we're reading values from the string "false". We also could read from "true", and maybe undefined (how?). But can one do more? If one can generate "window", one should be able to call functions through window["functionName"]() and do general computing with this, I think? Curios, why post this? Aren't most films subsidized in some ways, even the huge successful ones? Lots of communities bend over backwards to get them to come and film. Tax breaks, cheap studio rent or whatever. New york gave out $621M a year in tax breaks, that's as much as $31 dollar per person living there, according to wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Movie_production_incentives_in... Firefox for android supports addons, though, so can be customized to do anything. I can't believe people use Chrome om Android when you can have Fx with ad blocking! For your problem, I use an addon called "simple gesture" that allows me to add all kinds of gestures/actions. My experience and what's often echoed here on HN is that Fx is better with multiple tabs, as Chrome's one process per tab can hog too many resources. With Fx, that actually has a usable history search in theaaddress bar (Chrome wants you to google), I also really don't need to keep stuff open not to lose it. Containers in Fx makes this super-easy, try it out. - access data: probably because the gesture is actually done inside the page you're viewing, so it has to be able to capture that - clipboard: it was a feature requested, for gestures to be able to work with the clip board: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/android/addon/simple-gestur... So just recently added for that reason I consider that a feature. Nothing stops you from only using a single and different container per window, though. > was a set of data breaches on the platform and the internal answer was to not announce it and put the blame on me In Europe this could be a violation of GDPR not to report it. If so, they would hurt themselves more by spreading this. https://gdpr-info.eu/art-33-gdpr/ I don't really find that the way it's hinged make any big difference. So I've never used that to consider if a scissor is left or right handed. The problem is when it's not symmetrical. For instance the Fiskars [0], is impossible to get the thumb through when using the left hand. [0]: https://imgur.com/a/bN3XkHp I hope you see the difference between fake praise and harrassment. "Both sides are wrong" doesn't mean they are equally bad. People have probably been happy with their tools for centuries. Just because one cannot imagine something better doesn't mean there's no possibility for it to exist. If anything, this defeatist attitude may prove the author right. > This implies that the parent's sentiment about git is negative. No, I meant defeatist as in "I have given up finding something better as it will never exist". Maybe, but that has nothing to do with my point. I was happy copying my files back in the days for versioning ( final_draft, final_draft01, final_draft_absolute_final, final_draft_use_this_one ), but that was because I didn't know of anything better. What I'm saying is that even though we don't see it now, there's probably something better out there waiting to be discovered. As he said, a sub domain is often considered a separate domain when it comes to SEO. His other arguments about naming seems rather hand-wavy, though. Security-wise, a subdomain can also be a different origin. Which is often positive, so a flaw in your blogging software doesn't allow someone to extract cookies or so from the main site. Is this FUD or do you have anything to back this up with? If anything, it's better to be able to read the actual paper than someone else's reporting on it. Far too often mainstream news prints "Eat X to cure Y". Having access to the paper one can better see if the claims are even worth considering. > I have met quite a number of professors who would surely expel me from the university if I had scanned an expensive textbook and shared it with other students, yet they magically support SciHub. That's because textbooks is a scam the professors are in on and profit off. In Norway the student loan is from the government, and everyone qualifies. > I've lived in a Scandinavian country with similar quantities most of my life but I can't recall a single time lost property came back But my experience is the opposite: Managed to leave my backpack on a bench in the busiest part of Oslo S when taking the train with too much skis and stuff so I forgot it in the struggle. Anyone could have just snatched it walking by, but instead someone saw it was unattended and delivered it at some lost&found so I got it back a week later. Also in Oslo, I forgot my laptop at the table on an outside cafe. When I came back to fetch it a few hours later it was still where I left it. So while there probably can be differences between countries, I also think it's too easy to extract too much from one's own experiences, which may not be typical. No, one can now produce snow in ambient temperatures up to 25C. It gets a bit slushy, though, but when the snow heap is big enough it gets almost self sustained. It just costs a lot and is not environmentally friendly to use so much power to cool down the water in the snow cannons. Locally they are experimenting on heat pump technology, and to use the excess heat to something useful. Then it might be more viable. Probably cannot do it in too high temperatures, but a bit above freezing should work. Here, they have also experimented on building a gigantic heap of snow at the end of the season, and covering it so it doesn't melt too much during summer. Then it's easier to lay artificial snow on top in the fall, or the natural snow that occurs doesn't just melt when hitting the ground. Don't be flippant. As someone growing up in the mountains, the ski resort is the one thing keeping the wheels turning. Loosing it will actually quite literally mean forcing us out of our homes. > Due to the high prices of ski resort tickets and bad snow conditions many (like myself) started to pick it up. If anything, ski touring is often more expensive (gear wise, might save on the ski pass if not starting from the top of a lift). It also has a bigger dependency on snow quality if one want a fun ski experience and isn't mainly in it for the touring part. > and just because someone has the time to write a patch doesn't mean they have the desire or time to run a project But at the same time, why should the original author do it? No one is paying for his or hers time. I wonder how many innocent plead guilty in a plea bargain, just because they don't have the resources to fight the charges. Quite perverse incentives. > strange to include in this list (like "memory corruption" - in case of faulty memory, everything is in danger, not only database) But theoretically one could build something that handles up to X random bit flips, so it's maybe worth mentioning that sqlite doesn't handle this (even though probably no one else does as well) The conference in Oslo is going from a single day to two-days this year, so not stalling here so far I think. https://osloelmdays.no/ > that is a really short list But was it a well-known list before this? I hadn't seen it, and know of a few projects that could have been on there. What I'd like the list to include, though, is some references to the companies discussing using Elm. Pros and cons, the scale to which it is used etc. For instance for Vy there is this blog post: https://blogg.bekk.no/using-elm-at-vy-e028b11179eb For 3., we use elm-git-install https://github.com/Skinney/elm-git-install You have been outed for spewing elm-hate just yesterday, and now you're all over this thread as well https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22236258 Be careful taking his words as a correction, he is being toxic about elm all over the place. I got approached from Packt publishing based on a github repo. Thought it was cool at the time, but later I felt maybe it was a bit like recruiterspam on linkedin, I just got hit by some keyword filter, as my repo wasn't particularly exciting. The Angular1 apps I wrote around that time are still running as well. The question is about maintaining them. Did you try to actually upgrade the react version? Lots and lots of breaking changes in that time, some really major ones along the way. Especially when upgrading react also forced one to change router etc. Had to check. Lycos/tripod is still hosting a stupid website me and some friends made a bit after 2000 (2004?). The cost is probably none (some static files), but I'm impressed they haven't just removed it or lost it during all these years. Stagnant and probably no visitors other than us the weekend we made it. Edit: the glory: http://moj24.tripod.com/ animated background, marquee and right-click blocking script in case someone tried stealing our content I tried to upvote you about HNs great mobile design, but the buttons are so small I accidentally downvoted ;) Wordfeud (similar app) made $4M in ads in 2018, not shabby for a single person company. It's now ten years since it launched and had the hype. Crazy. > Blog posts, sign-up pages, and other reading material can't be tried out, so can't be Show HNs. From https://news.ycombinator.com/showhn.html Edit: The title has removed show hn now > JWT tokens authenticate the client, not the user I think it's both. It just doesn't authorize the user for anything special. But > Did you win the Putnam? [0] [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=35076 > unfinished projects Just redefine the scope, or the success criteria! If the project's purpose was to learn or experiment with X, it doesn't matter that it's not a polished product, it still served its purpose and as such can be considered done. You say it like it's a bad thing? It's possible to be both professional and have some fun (not talking about the linked GH). I'm not saying I want memes everywhere, but since I'm spending 1/3 of my life at work I'd rather it be a good time. > Go post memes on the LKML and see what happens I think the seriousness (almost angry tone) in certain communities also is a disservice to attract new members. If I make my first PR in some project, it's easy too feel attacked when the reply is a negative one, albeit strictly professional. If it however has a more light-hearted tone and a bit more sandwiched fun-serious-fun one feels more welcome. > We have a help center ... There’s also a form ... But good luck getting hold of a real human to explain the situation to. Why not add a fifth point about contribute with a better answer if you know better? It feels wrong looking down on people just trying to help. > What a terrible UX this stuff was. Based on what? I see a lot of strong comments here, but little reasoning. UX is more than feelings. I became a paying customer (Premium subscriber) oct 5, 2009. Everyone at my school was using Spotify at the time, albeit the free version. (Norway) As someone used to living in my editor, I have a hard time grasping the workflow that combines configuring lots of stuff via UI, and then having code in some files in addition. When making "real" games (something bigger than a demo/prototype) in Godot , Unity etc., is the UI used much? Seems constraining, or how does it play together with lots of code? Asking because I'm interested in learning, but when experimenting myself I end up with the worst from both somehow. They just got $250k from Epic https://godotengine.org/article/godot-engine-was-awarded-epi... Yeah, my problem may be I'm used to working with frameworks and not engines, so I try to do everything in code. Which means reinventing some stuff or doing grunt work (placing tiles manually), and not being able to use the UI properly (attaching behaviour to entities). But it's hard figuring out what should be done where, and how to utilize the strengths of both parts. Would be happy if someone had nice tips / readings to share. I noticed a course this weekend I was a bit interested in. And they said it was 94% off. 150 NOK ($16) instead of 2350 NOK ($250). It was some kind of offer that would expire this weekend, and I had "9 hours left" or something to get it at that price. I actually wrote it down because I had the same feeling of being manipulated. You made me check, it's still 94% off at the 150 NOK price. Now it's some kind of offer that lasts until Feb 21. Will be interesting to see what the price is in two days.. Exactly, it's those kind of questions nagging at me :) I agree that Discord and Slack has some bad sides, but for kinda opposite reasons than the author. There are so many discussions, QAs, tips&tricks etc. shared on these chat rooms, that are impossible to find for those not a part of it. If it was discussed in a public forum somewhere, it would pop up in a search engine. I may have a problem with tool X and google for a solution, but since the discussion happened in some closed Discord server I will never find the solution someone else there has posted. So kinda the opposite of the author's point about privacy: I prefer everything to be open and accessible. Hiding this stuff hampers the adoption without people realizing. I don't join a discord for everything I use, and often I'm not even aware that it exists. An example I had a few weeks ago: Elm package repo died so I got some weird errors when building my project. Apparently lots of people were aware and knew about the problem and the status. But it was discussed in some Elm slack (I think), so for me not a member there I had no idea what was going on and couldn't find anything about it. Not the first time Amazon is on blast here for expensive camera gear scams: I Fell Victim to a $1,500 Used Camera Lens Scam on Amazon [0] [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14993216 An update to this: The offer expired yesterday. Then I however was prompted that the normal price was 2350 NOK, but as a new user I could get it for 150 NOK for the next X hours. So just a new offer with the same price lined up after the first expired. Earlier today I checked, and then the price was back at 2350 NOK. However, checking again now a few hours later, it's again a new offer for 150 NOK as a new user. And if I log in, it's 250 NOK without any mention about why, just a "90% off!" tag. So yeah, the full price is a fake one. I have worked on huge government projects that has been specced and planned for years before arriving at my team's desks. It takes a few days before we will have questions. Things not defined good enough, inconsistencies, glaring holes etc. I think having all reqs upfront is a utopia that will not happen. Those projects I was involved in would have been better if the reqs and scope was done in conjunction with us implementing it. I made a project a few years back where I had really no idea what I was doing. [0] I had to read two live analog video feeds fed into two TV-cards, display them properly on an Oculus Rift and then take the head tilting and send back to the cameras mounted on a flying drone. I spent weeks just getting it to work, so my C++ etc was a mess. The first demo I leaked like 100 MB a second or so, but that meant that it would work for about a minute before everything crashed. We could live with that. Just had to restart the software for each person trying, hehe. [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7654141 If multiple sellers sell the "same" item and use amazon as warehouse, they can be binned together and you get one at random from any one of the sellers no matter which one you actually bought from. Update again: The last 150NOK offer is now over. There is however a new campaign where I can buy it for 163NOK for the next 4 days. > HTTP 451 Unavailable For Legal Reasons So not exactly useful if this one is blocked, heh. Or is it some joke going over my head? Not exactly the same, but I have sometimes wondered how many startups are just burning other startups' money, and would collapse if VCs tightened the belt. For instance, startup X seems profitable but all revenue is from other startups not making money yet. Like a big ponzi scheme of sorts. Most products mentioned in the article are now mainstream, but for lots of them a few years back they were small and only used by other small startups. Thanks for linking that, interesting read and funny to see my showerthought having some merit. > I was effectively offering to cover all the companies infrastructure costs So basically what CF does today? Except he would have reengineer everything to fit a new setup? Was he snarky or just explaining himself? Ref 2, it's often explained as "you didn't defend it against X last year, so now you cannot attack me for using it", but I think it's wrong. You don't have to defend it every time. But if you let it slide too many times, the trademark can become dilluted with other meanings/uses over time, making it a common word you cannot defend. Or so. No, it's very clear. From the guidelines: > Consent will not be free in cases where there is any element of compulsion, pressure or inability to exercise free will I'd just prefer it to be draggable. I have started using the feature frequently, but the button is often overlaid the next button on other sites as well. Containers are a vastly superior experience to profiles, at least for my use. I still have all my history, bookmarks etc., just different cookies&stuff for the things I open in the various containers I use. That would break a lot of stuff, though. And then I don't just mean "bad" tracking, but normal auth flows etc FYI the facebook container is an addon one has to download and enable, it's not built-in. It is. The consent has to be explicit and informed. Most big cities in Norway as well have drastic measures now. No gatherings over 100 people, encouraged to work from home etc. The hardware on the first one was very good compared to others at the time, but some software features I'd like to have was missing. So I tested a friend's one, but never ended up buying one myself. But from the looks of it they have added and worked on much of that software the last years. Looks very compelling now. The problems with the phone is that it's often carried in pants pockets. I don't think something of this size will have the same kind of forces applied to it. > There is still the huge benefit that now these masks will be purchased in more reasonable quantities by customers, ensuring more people get the masks they need Lol, no way. The need is for medical staff. These will either sit in some gouger's garage waiting for a premium price, or be needlessly used by someone affluent. Neither which is "need". In Norway it has been restricted after doctors prescribed lots of it for themselves... Way to undermine the efforts. The twitter thread in the OP says " collects data on the programs running " without backing anything up. Seems like FUD from the face of it. Yes, the privacy may not be perfect (according to EFF admins can see time spent by others in the organization on meetings etc.), and zoom can notify the meeting organizer about participants not having the window in focus. But that's it? Not exactly the gravity touted in the linked twitter thread, saying " If you manage the calls, you can monitor what programs users on the call are running as well ". No proof of that... Kinda scared by how much a single tweet can make something blow up, without a shred of evidence backing the claims up. > I also wonder if millions will die around the world because nobody wants to admit that a thing Donald Trump tweeted about is the solution I'm sorry, but why the hell would that happen? That's gotta be the most insane premise I've ever read on HN. Norwegian doctors have also been hoarding this for themselves lately. Enough that the Norwegian government had to step in and put it on a list so those that actually need it day-to-day can get hold of it. I hope when this is over, someone will look into this behaviour from the MDs. It's eroding trust in the system when they claim potentially vital resources for themselves. Yes, you are suggesting a collective effort of potentially letting millions of people die, just of some petty spite. I'm thinking you are projecting your own behavior onto the rest of the world. Note that those opposing Trump are on the left, and actually care about helping others, not winning stupid internet flame wars. So not even close to what was touted yesterday. And do we really need yet another thread on this? Is there some kind of astroturfing going on or why is this Zoom-hate everywhere lately? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22657384 Just FYI (If I'm reading you correctly): That's not how react native works. It's a native app, not a wrapped website. But wouldn't that make it have less privacy? Now my webapp cannot be used offline and anonymously, user has to be logged in and tracked Of course, I can make my backend service well-behaving. But offline first is privacy by default, which I'd argue is a better approach. But that's a solution for a single OS, for a web page that should be cross platform by default. And it's not really a solution, just additional complexity to what was a solved problem. > Why is it wrong to be clever and profit from others' stupidity and laziness? Because it's parasitic and provides no value to society? I have an implementation here [0] if people want to play with it. Supports dynamically changing the controls, has obstacles and predators. Setting weights for separation, alignment and cohesion to zero and then increasing only one of them nicely shows which role each of them plays. It's actually made as a workshop [1] for my company, where the shell is provided and one has to implement it step by step. In Norwegian, though. Update: Dang linked other discussions, and I see I commented on one from 2015 [2]. Someone there asked for the course content, and that's available (in English!) in a PDF in [1]. This workshop/implementation is actually an example of what I wanted the students to make at the time. Which I then retrofitted to a fun workshop for my colleagues. [0]: https://matsemann.github.io/boids-workshop/ [1]: https://github.com/Matsemann/boids-workshop [2]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9300142 Yeah, the neighbourhood calculation doesn't wrap around. That's trivial to add, but then one has to account for the wrapping when calculating average neighbourposition so it's not completely off. Not too hard, but would have added complexity to the workshop. Impressive! Mine linked here starts having trouble at around 2000 units on my CPU. Shows how ridiculously parallelisable this is. > The average reader of HN would rather have their data shared with the US, then with China. Why is that? If anything I'm a bit at the opposite. Prism, cambridge analytica and the likes means that my western data is actively being used against me, by our own governments etc. It may be naive but it almost feels safer having my data in hands not cooperating with western intelligence... No one in China will put me in a camp either, as I don't live or travel there. Which is my point. Not saying usa will put me in a camp, but currently they have more options to screw me over. (and us do put children in camps) It may be a bit hyperbole. But I just don't want to be so quick to accept the narrative that west=good east=bad Yup, it's the neighbour function being the problem. And of course updating even more boids, but that just scales linearly, but its noticeable when decreasing the neighbour radius which gives each boid less other boids to adjust to. My neighbourhood implementation is the naive n^2 loop, so it's probably trivial to make it better. Quadtrees, or even just simple caching / zoning would probably allow me to dish out many more boids. It also doesn't help that in order to be easy as a workshop, it's written in a way that's easy to implement, but slow to execute. This made me think: Given that most of society uses technology, but it's the "nerds" that define much of how it works, how does that affect culture? Some things that may be niche, becomes part of the mainstream as it's the niche group deciding. Not all ticks carry diseases, though. It depends on the area. Traditionally areas with lots of deers (at least in my country), but they are now revisiting the idea it being directly linked with the amount of deers. Maybe the person got a new keyboard? Maybe you just didn't notice it before but now that you've started thinking about it it's impossible not to notice? There can be a thousand factors, and these 20 objective tests are easier to trust than subjective listeners. I often do it as well. It's not perfect, but it's nice for things not directly translateable. For instance events known by different names in different languages, where translating the name of the event with google just does a literal translation. About eye-strain, how is focusing in a VR headset? Is it always a fixed point given it's really just flat screens, or does one have to focus differently when things are "far away". No, only if you then get that copy to be the widely circulated copy. Huh, I got a license. Even inherited a car when I was 19. But I sold it, biking everywhere is faster and cheaper. Google maybe (?) had a better track record in 2014, but if there's one company I wouldn't buy anything with a lifetime guarantee from now it would have to be them. My best clip [0] is fastening the GoPro to a clothes hanger where I removed the middle pin, and added some cardboard on one side to make it not wobble. Then some fishing line and spinning it around my head while skiing. At 0:09 the shadow of the contraption can be seen. [0]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCXlwJYt0mg No, but some googling I found something looking very similar [1]. [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XV1qTigUkR8 You should buy tigers, then. But seriously, it's somebody's business. Animals deserve to have it good. In a similar vein: In Norwegian since the fifties, we have used the word Texas to mean something crazy. Normally it's used as "helt texas" (completely texas), and describes a situation out of control. Edit: a source/explanation https://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-34622478 I had the same problem (also not native speaker). I first thought the problem here was the use of the word "war". So people, please be charitable. Connotations of words differ, and English is spoken and written by people all over the world with different backgrounds :) How is it taken in the rest of the world? In Norway, it's traditionally done by drinking cod liver oil daily during the winter months. At least that's what I do. Everyone on my team uses a Mac, except me. (I had one for three years, the hardware was nothing but problems, and didn't grow too fond of the OS either). My day-to-day development in Windows works fine, but lots of small stuff is done in a way that's not compatible with Windows. WSL solves that fine, without me having to be an edge-case, or everything having to be written so general as to work on every OS. Of course I could just run some Linux distro, but that again would be limiting for non-work-stuff and I prefer not switching between OSs daily. And last time I tried I had big issues with HDPI scaling between screens, hibernation etc. And really, I just don't care that much about what OS I run. Windows works. An ugly look didn't stop Airpods from selling like crazy, though. When talking about computer science, the original GSM network and Simula the first OOP language is also from Norway. You can find two bookies with different odds, such that the expected value would be in your favor. I however did work for a company combating this,by alerting the bookies about such opportunities so that they adjusted their odds. Yes, I was wondering why the left side of the Surface looks completely morphed. Like here https://techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/00100trPOR... I thought H-1B was for when one was unable to source enough skilled people locally? If so, it should kinda be self-adjusting if more high skilled people are unemployed, right? Yup, a room for the team is perfect. And then a gatekeeper (team lead) at the door everything has to go through. Sounds like that discussion was needed, to me.. > not meetings are for shutting up and doing your assigned work Like a mindless drone? Or are you advocating for more meetings? Can't remember why, but I ended up using Sidebery instead of Tree Style Tabs. So that's also a nice alternative. At least second time this week a high profile app or addons is taken down for seemingly no good reason by google. And only way to get it reinstated is of course to go viral. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23168874 Or their tweet [0] which I posted here earlier [1] (but didn't get any traction). [0]: https://mobile.twitter.com/PodcastAddict/status/126165151294... [1]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23207039 Did it? Looking at the Google cache of the Play Store page, the only references I can find to covid, virus or similar terms are reviews saying they downloaded it because of the lockdown and are happy with it. Edit: Here's how the page looked the day before takedown, no hints here at least of them doing anything like that: http://web.archive.org/web/20200515172150/https://play.googl... And even if they were, couldn't a general app say something along "listen to your favorite sports podcasts, ted talks or get the latest news about X"? In fact, all rows are just permutations of the numbers 1-9! Edit: ;) Yeah, I liked how he realized two possibilities for a number that were next to each other, also meant the box around it could be cleared. I really enjoy finding patterns like these in constraint games. After confirming the pattern for myself a number of times, the brain later just does it on autopilot. If people have tips for similar games I would be happy to try them. Edit, my tips: Simon Tatham's Puzzle Collection [0] has lots of them. Apps exists for mobile devices as well. Everett Caser [1] also have lots of logic games where one can learn patterns. I've played Sherlock and Honeycomb, and my favorite is Willa's Walk. They look a bit funky, but the apps work fine on Android. [0]: https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/puzzles/ [1]: http://www.kaser.com/ww.html That is a "decision problem": Does this puzzle have a solution? For Sudoku, that's easy to verify. That makes it an NP-problem. But for Sudoku, finding a solution is very difficult, so difficult that we say it's NP-Complete. So the only way to verify that a Sudoku can be solved, is really to try a bruteforce (potensially sped up with guesses/backtracking) and then find out if you cannot continue because of a broken constraint somewhere. I also asked this question in another thread here, got some responses and included my tips: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23245258 > For Sudoku, that's easy to verify. I meant: For Sudoku, it's s easy to verify that a given solution is correct. (cannot edit) Of course, being given the solution first in order to even try, can be a bit boring. For that, there exists "zero-knowledge proof" where one can reveal one knows an answer, without actually divulging it. Here is a writeup about someone doing that for Sudoku: https://manishearth.github.io/blog/2016/08/10/interactive-su... Good suggestion. I already play chess and enjoy solving "tactics". I've never even heard of HEIC before, I'd probably make the same mistake. I also think this shows a few red flags of the author. Definitely not a team player, runs from boring stuff (instead of challenging it or trying to fix it), and then hides in a corner a few days instead of actually talking to the manager (who thought the person was busy a few days with the onboarding, so naturally didn't show them a desk yet). "Can't be run against a real server" sounds like a straw man you just made up? I'm astonished about how much you believe you can ascertain based on this... It's a demo, mocking a server is completely fine and also allow them to show it working without relying on other things. I mean, this is actually even better. You can expand the mock-server down below and see what's happening. You realise that's just another straw man / false comparison, right? The library is displayed fully functionable, but other parts are mocked. Your example is asinine. I always do M for mnemonic when spelling my name. A for aisle etc.. Former PM of Norway got detained in US for previously having visited Iran. Lots of articles about tech people going to conferences in US and having all kind of crap happen to them at the border. A quick win I've seen and myself implemented as a consultant, is the use of correlationId in some form. If an incoming request has a correlation-id-header, then use it. If not generate a unique one. When calling other services make sure to include the current correlationId, and thus it spreads throughout the services for a given request. Most logging frameworks allow you to add something to every log message, so add the correlationId there. Then it's easy to track between multiple services. It also makes it easy to distinguish which log messages belong to a given request for a single service, so even without lots of services it can be a nice little feature. > I parameterized the wheel as a twenty sided polygon with a variable radius for each vertex, ri. Could this way of representing the problem (radius) introduce bias to the solution? It could probably make many kind of shapes, but it may need to overcome some huge local maxima in order to drastically change it to something else by tweaking multiple of the radii. When writing my thesis on spoke patterns for bicycle wheels, one of the representations outperformed the others, as it had symmetry baked in. That could have made it not find some esoteric solutions (which is why I had multiple representations). It was discussed here[0] at the time :) [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10410813 On/off representations are cool, but also a bit harder to work with. One can end up having disjoint groups that don't really make sense, so lots of permutations has to be thrown out. So finding the correct representation can actually be very hard. Yeah, I thought the same thing. I had to check, and on my phone I have ever only sent 3 SMSes. I got lots received, but that's like "your token for service xxxx" or "your parcel is ready for pickup" kinda stuff. No one uses SMS here (and by extension very few use iMessage). Everyone got mobile data turned on and has for almost the last decade. And then it still cost money to send sms, so other apps won. Just longclick the address bar without clicking it first, it then gives you the choice to copy, and even paste&go in one click. You could always make it not to hide when scrolling. I btw use gestures to switch tabs via an extension, works great. We're trying karaoke through Zoom tomorrow as a standup gag, wonder how that will work with the delay haha. > This is valueless content. I disagree. It poses several questions about the value of LinkedIn. And it spurred a discussion. If anything your comment really adds nothing here.. (Maybe some discussion, but a useful one?) I think it used to be F4 or F6 or something for Explorer. I also used to use F6 in firefox, took some time re-learning Ctrl+L when that changed. (Edit: F6 still works, but it cycles elements (one which is the address bar) so ctrl+l is better) There are professional "bike fitters" that know how to adjust all these things (those that can be adjusted) and more in such a way you get everything set up the best given your body and goals. For instance, given a bike and a rider, one can adjust seat height, seat position, stem length, handlebarhheight, crank arm length and possible more things to get the correct reach and stem height. However, all that also has to be adjusted to account for body size (limb lengths), mobility etc, in order to level the hips, get the knees correctly over the pedals, aero position, correct weight on the hands, no chafing in the butt etc. It's really an art to adjust everything at once, as fixing one thing affects the others. So while a bikefit can cost about $300, it's money well spent if one is serious about the biking (and one has then probably spent ~20x that on bike+gear anyways.. ). I'm about to head out for a ~120km ride today, so I've found a bike fit invaluable. I wrote a lengthy comment here about bike fitters. They can also help with this. It's however often more complicated than just a few measurements. They often have a special bike where literally everything can be adjusted (google retül bike), and then when the fit is done (~1h) they got lots of parameters that can be put into a DB to spit out bikeframes+gear that will work for the rider. However, my experience is that the system still needs a human expert to verify and tweak the results. However, for a basic fit your method works. For instance when buying a Canyon they ask for your measurements for some things to recommend frame size. But this of course if very rudimentary and already assumes you want that model. I disagree. My friends almost post nothing, but what they post I wamt to see. What they do much of however, is like and comment on pages. Fb, for some reason, think that's interesting to see. However, I cannot stop fb from doing so. I cannot say I don't want to see things this person comments on, then I have to mute them. I don't care that they comment on some post to win some product, or is tagging a friend in some viral video. I don't want my feed to be full of fake engagement. But I guess that's all Facebook is now, as no one really posts anything anymore, so that's what they show to make it seem things happen. While it's probably based on engagement, it's still a flaw of the algorithms I feel. Just because other people engages more with the content, doesn't mean it's the correct content for a given hashtag / following. For instance, I mostly follow cycling and running stuff on IG. The suggestions / explore feed is therefore full of women in short running shorts and bicycle jerseys with the zipper down. It's not really that relevant content considering what I actually follow, but I think the engagement those things get push all other cycling / running related content away. Didn't know they had their own app. I regularly watch them and the triathlon version on YouTube, so will check it out, thanks. I think it's fine that Apple controls its own store. However, then consumers should be able to use a different store. Controlling the single store with an iron fist will soon lead to an antitrust, I hope. "Google Street View is fantastic. You can go anywhere, anywhere in the world. Where shall I go? My house." It's not dirty, it's part of the metagame in ultrabullet to do stuff that breaks the other player's premove. It's kinda cool, actually. Yeah, as someone that has reviewed thousands of things in the review queues: There's SO. MUCH. TRASH. The meme is that it's power-tripping moderators and stuff, but it's mostly normal users like me reviewing an never-ending pile of garbage, trying to let the few good posts through. I feel it already has, with useless suggestions from "alternativeto"-stuff coming up. Even PH spams this. I think it's very dismissive and telling that you think you could make the same in an hour or so. There are sooo much complex and crazy generative art. Some can take hours to program, and then days to tweak to get the look one's aiming for. It's not just "random line generator" (even though that's a nice place to start), it's an iterative process. Like most art, it's a process, not just throwing paint on a wall. Seriously, these are 140 chars[0], and many can take ages to make. They look impressive. Don't say it's like "boiling water" (your other comment). [0]: https://www.dwitter.net/top/month > Lets not pretend that the value is even comparable here. Agreed, but for opposite reasons. As someone living in a city I drive a few times a year. I bike 200kms a week, though. So the value of a bicycle is vastly better. In most countries e-bikes are limited to 250W and 25km/h, so considerably slower than what I do on my road bike with rim brakes. But your point still stands about weight. And if the e-bike is replacing other commuting, the weather will not always be nice which is another reason to use good disk brakes. Previous discussion from 2017 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13901327 (knew I had read this before) Yeah, I skipped on getting expensive Ultegra or extra light carbon frame, as I feel that don't really impact performance much. But I will definitely go for disk brakes next time. It's just smoother, and doesn't strain the hands as much when going down steep mountains. Even better performance as I with a disk brake bike dare to go faster because I know I can easily slow down before. You are probably also right about the power, but from my workout yesterday my avg was 242 watts, and peak 686 w. So I still think it's about the same 8) But doubleclicking a number to remove knowns doesn't work? Or didn't it work in the 95 version? Is it bad that it requires much ram? I mean, as long as it's utilized well I don't really mind? Have you seen what people share on facebook? The toxicity on twitter? The conspiracies on youtube? Yup, I'm not fan of the 10x-programmer moniker. The true 10x-ers are those that multiply those around them by a small factor in some way. If you can help all the members of your team to be 10% more effective, that has a bigger impact than even working twice as fast. Or find ways to reduce the workload. For instance by questioning if the feature really is worth making that complex. > The very commonly given reason that DevTools are better in Chrome I don't find that to be true. At least not anymore. I use both Chrome and Fx bout 50/50 for developing, and they each have something the other misses. For instance, "preserve log" in Chrome's network tab throws away all the actual response data when moving to a new page. In Firefox it's there. So when debugging through our micro-frontend flow I prefer Fx. Try restore the other windows with ctrl+shift+n No, it's just enlightened centrism. Where one put two things that shouldn't be compared against each other, and then dismiss the core issue by saying "see, both sides are just as bad". Most people don't use strava as the main data aggregator, only as a social platform. Most use Garmin or Polar or similar, and then sync a copy to Strava. And I really disagree. Maybe one doesn't need a good cycle computer, but the stats and motivation that brings is invaluable. Seeing the actual data instead of just an average/total at the end is very useful. A smart trainer (wahoo, tacz etc) connected to Zwift, Trainerroad, Sufferfest, Rouvy, Bkool or similar. There are loads! I use Zwift and Trainerroad. However, I don't think these actually compete with Peloton. Peloton is like going to a gym class. You just follow allong, and show up when you want to and go mostly all out. It's a nice workout, but often not aligned with long term goals. But TR for instance one gets a tailored plan based on one's race goals that season. Not exactly the same, but where I used to work someone had turned on "wipe the phone after x incorrect pins" without notifying anyone. Lots of people with kids got their phone remotely deleted. After that I've never allowed an employer to control my personal devices. Not that I actually did before, didn't know activating that stuff had so bug implications. I just wanted the calendar on my phone. I learned of him some time after the events, by joining HN. What was the discussion here like at the time? Both the charges and later his death. I think it's nice knowing about analogous problems. If you know what you're trying to do is similar to NPC, one can quickly either dismiss the feature/problem, convert it to a problem with an existing solver, or maybe know that in general it's hard to solve but a relaxed variant is good enough. I'd wish more of those problems showed up in my daily work, though. Btw, a cool popsci book about algorithms occuring in day to day life is "Algorithms to live by". Not anymore, as most px units now is based on a reference px, a size determined based on screen density and viewing distance. That's why something rendered at 600px on an iphone takes almost all the width, even though the screen has more than double that in pixels. And when zooming, the reference px is zoomed. So the old reason for not using px and instead use rem doesn't apply. https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/CSS_pixel While there often are built in modules for lots of platforms, it often becomes not so easy out of the box when a platform scales. Adding login to RoR is easy, but what if there suddenly is a wordpress site serving the articles, some java backend services handling other aspects etc. Or just generally lots of services that are separate. Then one suddenly needs a central authority not built in to any one service. Then I've seen lots of people offload that to Auth0 or other managed services. Bootcamp is intentionally gimped by Apple. If your Mac has an GPU and an integrated GPU, OSX can switch between them while in use to lower power or heat when no acceleration is needed. Windows, however, will only ever see the GPU, blasting it on full power decreasing battery life and making the computer hot. The windows drivers for the trackpad are really, really bad. The fan control in Windows seem off the charts. So don't judge windows based on running it on a Macbook, I guess. It's an abysmal experience, unfortunately. In chess there's even a difference between the "live elo rating" which is calculated every match, and the official FIDE rating updated every month. No, this is not how it's mostly done correctly in practice. Most physics calculations are run at a predetermined frequency, and then the appropriate amount of iterations are done before drawing each frame (it may be zero). And then one can use the reminder of the delta to interpolate positions if needed. I think very few games run the physics in a different thread, that sounds like asking for trouble. Can someone explain to me how the design mockup demo and react generation relates to GPT-3? Isn't it just prompts? How is inputting a text outputting a design? But how can that further be used? Getting a text back only gives me the same problem again. Reminds me of when Libgdx migrated their issues to Github[0], and all watchers got an email. So 300k emails or so were sent. It would have been a couple of millions if he didn't catch it happening. [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6387140 Lots of people also say that Sweden's numbers are higher, because they count covid deaths differently. But looking at the number of deaths for this period compared to baseline [0], the number of deaths really spiked. While Denmark and Norway had overall normal numbers. [0]: https://i.imgur.com/a2JEZ4j.png Look at my sibling comment to yours ref counting deaths. From the source [1] Finland didn't have nearly as high spike in overall deaths as Sweden (see Z-scores) [1]: https://www.euromomo.eu/graphs-and-maps I wouldn't know. But that's part of Tegnell's argument, yes. That when the second wave hits or this just goes on for years, Sweden will be better off. Hard to say right now, I think. 20/20. That doesn't explain the huge amounts of deaths compared to normal values, though. Which Norway so far haven't had. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23916552 Some other explanations: The rest of Europe shut down and also shunned Sweden (most still do when it comes to travel from/to Sweden), which effectively put them in a forced isolation whether they wanted to or not. Same goes for lockdown. While it wasn't mandated as strongly as other countries, lots of people self-imposed those restrictions. So it cannot be compared as lockdown vs no lockdown. Ooor instead of being angry about the page and calling it a sad day, you could be happy about the interesting discussion it generated? Lots of new stuff here I've never heard about that was cool to check out. > you could respond to the content of their post Not so sure what your rant has to do about my post, really. I remember spending ages on various ways to implement "the golden layout" or whatever it was called. Edit: Holy Grail. One header on top, then three columns, and then a footer. And the middle of the three columns should scale with screen width and screen height, such that the rightmost column was at the edge, and the footer was at the bottom of the screen if content was less than screen height. And then a-list-aparts "faux columns" to make the columns seem to have the same height. Edit: It was the "Holy Grail" it was named https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holy_grail_(web_design) So hard to do that it even has its own Wikipedia page, heh Can connect the watch to a computer using the charger cable and then grab the file from there. You just connect the usb part of the charger to a device. The garmin unit shows up as a storage device, and all activities are there as files. Can also add routes etc that way without using the app. If anything, Garmin is better in that regard compared to other brands. The long unsubstantiated rant about Strava seemed unnecessary. It drowned the interesting part about how one can do cool visualizations tailored to one's own needs. There are soo many ways to look st data. I use Garmin Connect, Training Peaks, Strava, Elevate. They all have something the other misses. Making a something myself tailored for me would be cool. Edit: the reason I'm downplaying the attack on Strava, is that it doesn't really know that much. It knows the explicit activities synced, and whatever it can derive from that (where I live and work for instance). But Garmin, Polar, Fitbit etc knows sooo much more. My pulse and movements during the whole day which can be used to corroborate lots of stuff, when I sleep etc. Please don't twist words like that, it makes for a dumb debate. Anyways, what one uploads to Strava is what one wants to share and have analyzed. If you don't give them permission to hold your health data, then it's no point in using the service. It's not really a dark pattern. It's not like it collects stuff about you in the background, one explicitly has to sync activities there. So you are wrong, they're not stealing a shit. Your heart rate is health data. Uploading an activity includes pulse data, which is useful to analyze to see performance etc. Not having health data on Strava would make the service meaningless. Stop spreading this FUD all over the thread. It's not a dark pattern, uploading this data is exactly what Strava is made for... I pay monthly for Strava, so you are very wrong. You shouldn't spread false information. So, it's not like the old meme about one being the product if one doesn't pay... As I've explained elsewhere here, uploading health data to Strava is the core feature it's used for. Asking for that is not a dark pattern, as it's pretty useless without.. But I think the opposite is also true for mortgages. So it's relevant for many people. At least where I live, they increased the mortgage rate quickly when the government increased the rate, but I still haven't seen much of the decrease. Only way to get it is to threaten to switch or actually switch bank. A passive mortgage lender is getting ripped off. If you skimmed Strava's homepage, the first feature listed [0] is "Track and analyze every aspect of your activity." with an animated heart beat. If you have to misrepresent Strava all the time to get your point across you should consider it might be invalid. [0]: https://www.strava.com/features > The drugs seized had a street value of N million dollars In the words of Ali G: You're probably getting ripped off if you have to pay that much. [0]: https://youtu.be/B6Sg8D2Ci0Q?t=15 Over two days now, and almost radio silence from Garmin. I can sympathize with their issues, but not keeping us informed at all about what's going on is quickly leading people to become angry on various fitness forums I frequent. Not a good way to treat us customers. What if they hacked you months before pulling the trigger? The article mentions they were hacked in December and the attack launched in March. Restoring a backup would then still leave the hackers inside. And even if most data were backed up, most computers still have to be wiped and reinstalled. I don't think most companies backup the entire disks off all employees, it's normally just a dedicated file area. So while the data can be restored, the IT department still have to set up hundreds of computers for all kinds of different workers or machines on the spot. Nothing is ever easy, don't be so dismissive about things you haven't thought through. Cool, no idea how they are done. It's always fun discussing how such objects are made. I've spent some time making impossible objects as well. A different kind of impossible, where the object changes appearance based on where it's viewed from. https://github.com/Matsemann/impossible-objects Not sure if the standard library has evolved since my PHP days, but this would at least solve the "key / haystack" issue. In which lots of the standard library had different orders in which parameters are passed. One can finally pass them named and no longer have to care about the order. This may also have been solved by better tooling since then, though. My company (in Norway, so not FAANG) shipped all their office stuff to us. So before the first week of WFH was over I had gotten my chair, desk, screen, keyboard etc all set up at home. But if these things last longtime or become permanent, I think people will start reconsider where they live. For instance, we could need an extra room for a proper office. Huh, I often find the opposite. If there's a nice bike path from A to B in an arc, Google often prefers a shorter path straight through a residential area. Which means multiple turns one has to memorize and also slow down for. How would a better alternative surface? The internal SO offering (SO for teams or what it's called) works reasonably well for huge orgs. Completely rewamped Android. Feels very snappy. Upgrade was a breeze. Only one addon that didn't work, hope full addon support is back soon. I've done a lot of breathing exercises due to freediving. I think the main benefit for me was that it's almost like meditating. While lying there and breathing up or holding my breath, my mind is completely clear. No thoughts, just staying as relaxed as possible focusing on my diaphragm. No scrolling on my phone thinking about my day, nothing. Just relaxing. Except the last minutes when the body screams at you to breathe because of the co2 buildup, heh. But not sure if there's anything more to it than that? I don't do it as often anymore, but get the same focus from working out. > No one ever stops to ask whether we're having the impact we anticipated "Signs you’re working in a feature factory" sounds relevant to you. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22335738 I find it a bit funny that you're trying to explain an American pizza size using those units. I'm possibly more confused now. Same. But I let my credits go to waste and will just never be a member again. Not gonna reward their stupid behavior. It has to be scaled correctly somehow. For instance some big project uses isEven, which depends on isOdd, which depends on isNumber. All different npm modules. There are some people notoriously making these really small functions, and then creating a huge web by depending on other modules by the same author. Then just hoping one of them will get traction. This is completely missing the point. It's not merely about how the store is run, but that there is no alternative. You could have exactly the same with a competing store. I think the article explained that reasonably well. One example is that they also make their own apps, so you potentially have to pay your competitor 30% of your income which is more than your own margins. And then they surface their own app and hide your's. Cannot compete against that. As an app developer, they have a large percent, though. And you cannot choose the phone your customers have. A consumer can somewhat choose freely. A developer though has to go where the market is. Not being on the app store is a huge blow to many businesses. It's an issue for Spotify vs Apple Music for instance. Apple wants a cut of Spotify's fee, and also had APIs for Apple Watch etc only they themselves could use. https://examine.com/supplements/glucosamine/ Always used this site when trying to find unbiased information, and also not be to hyped about a single study. However now the effect matrix is hidden behind a paywall. When talking about joint health: As a young and very active person my biggest problem is overtraining injuries. Wish I knew how to be able to train as much as I would like to, with just a simple supplement or so... They did, Apple just rejected their app... https://www.timetoplayfair.com/timeline/ As a sibling commenter I'm also from Norway. Here all magazines always had at least one full page with things one could buy for your phone. Ringtones, backgrounds, java games, util apps etc. On my old Sony Ericsson I even had a GBA emulator and used to play Pokemon, I used Opera Mini to cheaply browse wap/gprs etc. I didn't feel the jump to a "smart phone" was particularly big at the time, actually. I think the "carrier restrictions" of stuff mostly were a thing in the US? In Norway I bought most of my phones even back then outright. And if one didn't, the effect was mostly that the phone was locked to only accept sim cards from the same operator. Didn't have much impact on features of the phone itself. I think it still will work in those cases, as long as both entrance and exit is at the perimeter wall? And that it's the placements of those that determines if left-touching is a viable option. For instance, it doesn't matter if it there's a freestanding wall/loop, as one wouldn't reach that anyway. Copying snapchat to make stories. TikTok to make Reels. And fb originally bought Instagram. Can the big players just copy or buy every competitor at some point and remain on top? I once attended a talk by Roger Antonsen where he displayed lots of computer generated art he had made. The pictures of card shuffling he has made are simple but very elegant. https://rantonse.no/en/art/2018-07-25 He linked to lots of blogposts and also talked about the k-Anonymity API design that was invented for HIBP. On the side of your question, but HIBP's API is designed in such a way that you don't have to give them your password to get notified if it has been hacked. You instead provide HIBP with parts of the hash, and then it answers if you maybe have been compromised. Take a look at requests with devtools on the page https://haveibeenpwned.com/Passwords So here it's taken one step further, you don't have to trust that it's the same code running on HIBP, because you don't have to trust them at all for the service to work. > When two countries each discourage or prohibit travel to or from the other, they cannot both be right I don't entirely buy that premise. It's easier to contact trace and control other factors when everything is domestic. And it also keeps random outbursts much more local. Because the discussion is worth having? " It should be noted that no ethically-trained software engineer would ever consent to write a DestroyBaghdad procedure. Basic professional ethics would instead require him to write a DestroyCity procedure, to which Baghdad could be given as a parameter. " - Borenstein Good luck with Sweden's one hour lunch break. And the fika breaks every hour as well. Sorry Jeff, no forcing workers to pee in bottles among the shelves[1] in Sweden to drive up the stock price. I hope the Nordic countries wont bow down to Amazon's exploits. [1]: https://www.theverge.com/2018/4/16/17243026/amazon-warehouse... > Oh and bandwidth isn't free. Neither is it for Docker... And some here argues that Apple gets paid fairly for what they provide.. I'm sure many could build payment + distribution cheaper than 100 million dollars.. I made something similar for teaching shapes to walk [0]. It's actually a workshop to teach people at my job about how GAs work by having them implement the different parts themselves. [0]: https://matsemann.github.io/walkingea/ They can be very good when there are multiple objectives / tradeoffs. I wrote my thesis on that, which includes an introduction to the concept and how it works if you're interested. http://master.matsemann.com/ For GAs the expensive part is often the fitness function. So it's very problem dependant. How much is that biased because everything has been optimized to Chrome? From frameworks to your implementation. Still lots of kotlin-features I don't see land in java soon. My favorite is passing a lambda in brackets when it's the last argument to a function. Makes it easy to make semi-dsls and nice-looking code. So instead of myFun(someVar, { it.something() }) it can be written like myFun(someVar) { it.something() } or if no parameters to the function other than the lambda like myFun { it.something() } making the function almost look and behave like a language keyword. I also use extension-functions a lot. Especially for libraries or legacy-java code we wont touch. Where I work we now use Kotlin for all new backend code. And we don't do any Android. I like these. Some of them are even non-obviously impossible. They may pass at first glance, but then one sees why it shouldn't work. I recently posted my figures [0] here. It's also a kind of impossible figures, however they are actually printable in real life but still tricks the mind. [0]: https://github.com/Matsemann/impossible-objects Not sure about the exact name. But kotlin also has "function with receiver" that together with this makes it very easy to write almost a custom domain language on top of kotlin. Did that same flu spread uncontrollably even with countries completely shut down? No? Then why compare it to that and downplay it? The amount of above-normal-deaths in countries that have taken all kinds of measures kinda proves its not an overreaction. Can't edit, but here's an explanation https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/type-safe-builders.htm... While you are able to, many others are not. So it's a hassle for those developing independently to distribute their software to the masses. So yes, you can run the same software (mostly) as in 2010 knowing the workarounds. But as a consumer you are probably missing out on new, great software because developers wont pay the apple tax to make their stuff available. So you're already affected. It's not FUD, you're just not seeing the issue. "These many others" I'm not providing examples of are exactly what the article is about. Didn't think I would have to rehash that...: Most people don't know that you can run untrusted programs with right click, or will even dare doing it. What "great software they're missing out of"? Who knows? That's my point! It increases the burden to distribute software for Macs, so as a consumer one's missing out on what could have been. My guess is lots of small open source software won't make easy to install distributions for Mac. > Like all other legitimate software on MacOS; they get a developer account and distribute it via the app store (...) I mean come on, it's only $99. So small utils and stuff, smaller open source projects etc. are not legitimate? Or should they shell out $99 extortion fee to have the pleasure of giving stuff away for free? This is just one of thousands cuts that will kill traction for Mac software. I think it would be more like: Someone owns you $3 million, and then someone else erroneously sends you $3 million. Should the economic loss of a fat finger be a billion dollars? Is that a just amount? > why wouldn't he just volunteer Maybe not as applicable in this case as it's a position where one expects someone to be used to handle lots of money. But expecting someone to do government leading work for peanuts can have the unintended side effect of only having upper class pursue it. Like unpaid internships where only the already well-off can afford to do it. In discussions about this I've seen multiple people tout "they have to defend their trademark or risk losing it". But no, that's not how it works. Defending it means you make sure your tm is not watered out or becoming a generic term. This is far from doing that. When people are discussing one's article (I assume it's yours based on your profile) I know it's easy to go into defense. People may criticize, and that hurts. But before lashing out as you do in some comments here, consider that the readers don't have the same background and context as you, and we all discuss based on those. Throwing out React is a huge step for most projects, it may have been good for you, is probably not right for many, and is certainly a discussion worth having. Would an abandoned project I wrote 10 years ago still run? The code is probably fine, but getting it to actually run by linking up whatever libraries, sdks and environment correctly could be troublesome. Even a small pipeline a wrote a few weeks ago I had trouble re-running, because I forgot there was a manual step I had to do on the input file. Expecting more rigid software practices of scientists than software engineers would be wrong. I don't think they should have to tangle with this, tools should aid them somehow. Try and select "Print" from the menu instead of Ctrl+P. Instead of bringing up the system print dialog, this brings up an interface where you can tweak the print layout. No idea why it isn't the default view when pressing ctrl+p. At least there I feel it's basically the same as Chrome when printing. I got that about a month ago, hmm. Linked article says north america august 27th, so maybe slowly rolling out? Yes! Far too many developers now only check that the page renders nicely on Chrome on their expensive macbook. While most of their users may be having a less than stellar screen and don't see the contrasts, run old hardware and a different OS+browser combo. Works fine on my ThinkPad in Firefox as well. But if I try to scroll with my normal mouse, it doesn't scroll smooth but a set amount per "click" of the scroll wheel. So it looks really laggy. Are your majority of users really using a macbook? Maybe if you're a hip SaaS startup. The feel on Remarkable 1 vs a tablet was quite drastic when it comes to writing, tablets were not even close. Without having tried iPad Pro 2020 or reMarkable 2, my guess is that the gap will still be considerable. And this is a single-use-case device, with pro's and cons based on that. Battery time, for instance. And like less than half the price of the cheapest iPad pro configuration without even getting a pen for your iPad at that price. Unless there are some newer Kindle models I'm unaware of, they are very different. The Kindle is a passive device, where one can read and barely interact with buttons and stuff. It's great for reading books and I use it often for that, but not much more. The reMarkable is a device for production, where you can write, sketch, organize etc. The display is much quicker to update and the pen is really good. I also like that it's a bit bigger, so reading PDFs isn't as much hassle as on a smaller Kindle. At least that's my take on it. Kindle for leisure, reMarkable for work. Case in point, this thread about running Parabola as OS on the reMarkable was also on the front page today: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24294176 What about it is BS? It's 100 pages shorter and less weird than most other EULAs I've seen. (Probably because EULAs are basically unenforceable in Norway) Everyone I know that has it uses it for note taking, pdf reading and drawing simple diagrams. Unless you're buying it do draw art I wouldn't buy it based on it's merit of drawing art. You misunderstood, it's not about ads shown, but bought. I don't get your argument about the pricing. If you're 5+ people you can split that cost. If it's for professional use, a few dollars is a blip. Haven't podcasts apps recently been removed as well? Something about it being possible to listen to stuff about covid on them. Edit, found it: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23219427 And well, they should probably remove the apps of Twitter, Facebook, Reddit, etc as it's plenty of hate speech there too. It's not a desire to scream about sensorship. It's more about how the rules are arbitrarily enforced. And how every app's fate is in the hand of two big players, so you're sol if they ban you. Even if the ban is a mistake, good luck getting it reversed unless you're going viral. Sounds like the Norwegian town Rjukan that doesn't get any sunlight during winter, so they put a huge mirror on a mountain top. https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/nov/06/rjukan-sun-nor... I couldn't reach HN on neither Altibox or 4g/telenor. If you click the time of the comment (x minutes ago) you get taken to a permalink for that comment. There you can mark it as a favorite, and later find it in your favorites in your profile. They don't have to be for a global scale, though. Learning programming as a kid, it could be easier when the standard library has functions in the native language. Learning if, while etc are easy as they are just tokens. But the hundreds of functions are hard to look up when one's new and cannot easily understand what a function does based on a foreign description. The new search will be great for people like me that only use Blender sporadically. I often know what I want to do but don't use it often enough to remember where to find it or the shortcut. And even for regular people it can be great, I use "find action" in IntelliJ all the time just because writing the name of a seldom used feature is faster than navigating to it. They got $1.2M from Epics megagrant last year, and has lots of people and companies donating. They are slightly above the goal of funding 20 full time employees. I'm happy that an open source software have been so successful. It's come very far since when I first used it, version 2.42 I think. Shoutout to those donating (and how to contribute): https://fund.blender.org/ When introducing Web APIs for general use, I think it's a bad idea to show the example code using react and it's useEffect. Makes the examples less standalone, and harder for some to grok. Someone used my email to sign up for Instagram ~10 years ago or so. I never got a mail or any kind of verification, so I didn't know. Only found out when I tried to sign up myself a few years ago, and "the address is already in use". So I took forgot password, and got the email. I tried to get support to move the other account so I could create my own, but they never responded. Luckily the account linked to my mail had like 3 pictures and 5 followers, so not to big a loss when I deleted it and created my own. I also got signed up for some kind of dating service I cannot remember the name of (before Tinder etc), and after being getting some weird messages in my inbox I felt I had to delete his profile. Sorry about the matches you lost. Given the nickname he's been using on some sites when signing up, I managed to track down his real email some time ago. Basically mine + a number. Asked him to stop using my mail, and what services he wanted we should try to move to him before me closing them. All I got in reply was something along "why are you in my inbox". Audible is really bad at this. If I set a timer for 15 minutes, and am still awake, I press play (since it pauses). But then it plays without having set a new timer. So to not have it play for hours while I sleep, I then have to take out my phone, look at the bright display, and set a new timer for 15 minutes. Why cannot pressing play in this instance be like a reverse snooze?? > There is literally a poorly formatted pirated version of my book on the Amazon Kindle store accumulating 1 and 2 star reviews for its poor formatting that count against all editions. So not only do they commingle physical items so you never know what you get. They also allow other people's products to affect your rating. Yup, I don't like some of the lists that just lists falsehoods without providing what one's supposed to do about it. Most github list projects seem to suffer from this. For instance the infamous "awesome list" [0]. Select a category. Most of them contain several hundred items. As if this is anything better than searching google for the term. [0]: https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome Not sure if HN approves (it removes emojies at least, this went fine it seems), but there are glyphs that look like the alphabet/normal letters, but are not really the same characters, like these: 𝒕𝒉𝒊𝒔, 𝖙𝖍𝖎𝖘, ⓣⓗⓘⓢ, 𝕥𝕙𝕚𝕤, ㄒ卄丨丂, ｲんﾉ丂, ꙅiʜƚ, 🅃🄷🄸🅂, sıɥʇ, 𝓉𝒽𝒾𝓈 My guess is screen readers can have trouble telling what it really says. I think there is a correlation, but only because people with more karma have been her longer and probably posted more stuff. So naturally some of their posts eventually will end up on the front page. As for getting it to the front page, having a few early votes are critical. Then it will be seen by more people, and it snowballs from there. So it's mostly luck/timing. No advanced chess engine is using a hard-coded value for pieces. It's not like all Stockfish does is tally up the pieces and summing their value. > and companies like Epic are absolutely free to start their own platform. But in practice, are anyone capable of that? It's a winner-takes-it-all, and the winners are so huge it's virtually impossible for anyone to upset them. You cannot compete on price, features or anything without a hundred billion investment. EULA's are basically unenforceable in Europe, so why bother. For a contract to be valid it has to be understood by both parties, be reasonable etc., and in many countries forcing arbitration on consumer matters is invalid (don't know if Apple has those terms, but many do). Forcing a consumer to read 20+ pages of legalese for each purchase, each app they download etc. is just not feasible. That's whataboutism. In this post it's about Apple. That others do it doesn't excuse it. And a big difference with Google is that you can sideload or use other stores on Android. And same on Windows, you don't have to use the store. Because it's not the exact same thing. Context matters. I think you are right. Being recommended a book I've never heard about by some author I'v never heard of by some computer system, I'm probably gonna dismiss it. However, if I've seen it in a bookstore, read about it in a paper, heard a friend talk about it etc. then I might act on the recommendation. Basically being exposed to something enough times. First time and a cursory look, most things don't look to exciting. This goes for everything. Movies, restaurants, gadgets.. Thousands of apps have "Login with Facebook" (and others), and it's often impossible to know if it's a real oauth flow or just a fake login page. I have done the same when I was about to graduate and started looking. One company started the process long before the others (which all basically followed the same schedule), and gave me an offer before I even had applied to anyone else. At the time I was very afraid of missing out, but the way they gave me only a few days to think about moving to a different city almost a year ahead left a sour taste in my mouth and made me turn them down. I ended up contacting the company I wanted to work for the most, and said I had an offer. They ended up fast tracking me and giving me an offer as well. So at least the first company validated me and helped me land the one I wanted.. As an avid cyclist, I often sometimes bike indoors because it's easier to get the workout I want with exact wattages and intervals. A wahoo kickr or other direct drive unit + zwift/trainerroad/whatever. Don't think Apple will compete with any of those soon. Unless it can pair with power sensors for wattage I don't think I could see any cyclists try this. If one's dedicated enough to use a program like this during workout, there are far better existing options. I hardly know anything about those things, and write java backends powering one of the most used services in my country. So I disagree with it being that complicated. If you write the service stateless it's incredible what you can achieve with a couple small instances of a default spring boot container. It's inaccessible behind a popup that doesn't work. And all comments now are discussing that instead of the article. No, it's not the same topic. I know we're not supposed to ask if people read the article, but you are commenting based on the headline here. Or maybe the reason iOS users spend more is because iOS users generally have more spendable money? As signaled by them having bought an expensive device. Don't argue in bad faith. I think most people do. But then what? Just let it be for a week and never follow up? Having a daily reminder and time to discuss it is nice. No, they get spotlighted because when stuff like this happen, it's impossible to resolve or get in touch with a human. If it was resolved after contacting support it wouldn't have been a story. Reels suck, though. Maybe that's because Instagram's explore algorithm sucks, though. I mostly follow sports/cycling/ski stuff on Instagram. What is the most liked/viral content in any category..? It's probably a woman with tight or almost no clothes on. So even when I get a ski video, it's often some babe posing in ski boots and nothing else. Or for cycling it's a woman with the top unzipped. Opening Instagram is basically NSFW even though I've never liked a picture like that or follow those kind of accounts. And well, most of the content on Reels are reuploads of TikToks or old viral videos. So not much interesting to see. The pay is capped at some amount. But if you're working a job where you earn above that, most employers will pay the difference as a perk anyway. And yes, the "aktivitetskrav for mor" is stupid. There are some other subtleties as well. I helped make the original digital application in 2015, and there was a lot of edge cases. Like if you're a fisherman your pay should be documented a different way. Fun times. It's the government paying. Up to a fixed amount. But most high earners are in a position where the company will pay the difference as a perk. If it were companies having to pay, that would probably lead to some aversion about hiring people without children in the right age. But that's probably an aversion lots of companies in other countries have about women. "Will they have kids and leave the workforce soon?". I strongly believe giving dads a lot of paternity leave is good for equality. Of course dads should have the same opportunity as moms, but males taking paternity leave has an indirect good effect on woman in the work force as well. No longer is it assumed that they will be gone for X months in their 20s/30s, compared to men. Some argue the rules should be "X days, split as the parents see fit". But that is what historically has put the pressure on the man to work and the woman to stay at home. Very satisfying design. The code for generating the laser cutting files would be cool to see. It looks very well though out, by even engraving numbers, all the correct holes etc. Then don't compare to Norway. Compare to Sweden, Denmark, Germany, Poland or any of the others mentioned elsewhere here. I also find your argument a bit weird. Why not start an discussion about if the cost is worth it (which is what you want to discuss) instead of picking on the details of the country in question? No, the aim isn't "to fill a column of a report somewhere". That's just unnecessary snark from you. It's a difficult thing to balance. Ideally one should be able to split as wanted, based on one's life situation. But when one is free to choose, one often can find that the freedom is only imaginary. There will be pressure from society/employers/etc to do it a certain way. Lots of countries where it's expected that the father forego all paternity leave, or his career at the company will be done. In EU I think a "consumer complaint/guarantee" would work (the law, not a warranty given by the producer). As in: the product is no longer working as advertised/expected, so I want my money back. For instance, when an older PlayStation (3?) in an update made it so that one could no longer run Linux (which was advertised as possible), I know of people that got to return it and get their money back after the Norwegian Consumer Council ruled against Sony. > Time-restricted eating, in the absence of other interventions, is not more effective in weight loss than eating throughout the day. That's not really the claim of 16:8, though. The theory is that it makes it easier to maintain a lower calorie diet, as it changes how many feel hunger. I think most people doing intermittent fasting knows it's still calories in vs burned that's the key. Still, I guess it's nice to confirm? > As a result I can now speak vastly better than I could 12 months ago, All the things he lists are consuming the language though (reading/listening), not speaking it. Which is a great start, don't get me wrong, but having to find the correct words and form a sentence is something else than understanding one. That's the point. There's no ordering of the items. So the representation can never have an error like [yesterday, tomorrow, today]. It's just a set of (yesterday, tomorrow, today). I thought about that video today when integrating with an old SOAP API. I need to find the name+some property of some persons. Instead of having a list with [(name1, prop1), (name2, prop2),...], I get two distinct lists of [name1, name2,..] and [prop1, prop2,..]. In practice I think the lists will always match. But there is nothing stopping them from not being the same length, or even worse: one having a gap.. I really like how the Nobel Prizes make the science understandable. I've enjoyed reading the various announcements over the years. Curious: What would happen if they did make changes? Who would enforce it? Probably not what's happening here. But even "simple a tags" regularly break on iOS, because Safari has heuristics to see if the hover effect is to show something (like a menu), so then the first click triggers the hover, and the next click the actual click. Really frustrating as the heuristic is often way off. Are unions in the US really like that, or is it a one-off being used to spread fud? Or could it be like a judge in sports, you only notice it when the judge makes the wrong call, but all the correct ones are ignored? My union in Europe doesn't really do that much in my day-to-day work. As a skilled worker in demand we're generally treated very well. But for the broader questions they are nice to have. For instance they recently spear-headed the abolishing of anti-competitive contracts. That's something a lone worker probably cannot achieve. When I graduated they said what I should expect to be paid. Which was useful as I really didn't have that much information (compared to the companies), and it also helped to anchor the pay as no graduates would settle for lower. And the union could reveiew the contracts and see what we should push back on before signing. That in itself probably helps keeping everything straight, as the companies know they cannot get away with abusive contracts so they won't even bother trying. I think this answer some of your questions about the history of OpenGL and how it became so fragmented: https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/a/88055/51669 But driving around with a bumper sticker and flashing one's view is not "bringing things up"? > Maybe if people are experiencing hardship from being held in jail, they should try not to commit crimes? So you're just gonna assume everyone that's arrested is guilty even before the trial? You are also misrepresenting or misunderstanding dismantling of the police. It's not necessarily about using less resources in the neighborhoods, but about using them correctly. If someone is needing a welfare check, maybe send in a person trained for this and not cops with guns blazing, for instance. To be fair I've heard most people talking about a reform . The word dismantle was used by the other poster first, probably to skew the point by using a differently loaded word. To me it's not about the political point. But about the hypocrisy of one person pushing their political views and then getting annoyed when others respond. Euromomo lets one easily compare the mortality for various European countries: https://www.euromomo.eu/graphs-and-maps . I think this is much easier to grasp than the tables in the linked paper. The very first graph shows that it's not "just another flu". Abnormally many deaths, even with the strict measures. Mainly for those aged 45 and older (but also not just "old people" dying, lots in the group 45-64). Further down "Z-scores by country" also shows a pretty normal curve for Norway and Denmark but many excessive deaths for Sweden, meaning the notion of "sweden just reports covid deaths differently" that was common a few months back isn't an explanation. And then see what? https://i.imgur.com/4wNdK1M.png > There you go What am I looking at? What are you trying to show? Just posting a random graph is not really helpful. I think it's weird that his solution to being "unhappy and overworked" in a small startup is to make a new one and suggest that everyone else do the same. It's hilarious how so many on the far-right label themselves as centrists and then blame the left on "forcing" them to vote right. A few weeks back on our work Slack, someone asked people to post their favorite cup now that everyone's working from home. A lot of people are apparently collecting Moomin-cups here in Norway. My favorite is the orange cup with the Hattifnatt ghosts. I'm in the same boat. Maybe how my work has configured my laptop or something, some group policy? I think what's liked about Pippi is her independence and how she believes she can do almost anything, without it becoming a cliché. It's a fine line. I remember Artemis Fowl for instance (when I was a bit older) became too much for me. While not a Faraday cage, for some high-ranked tournaments (like the WC title) they are now subjected to a scan almost like at an airport before entering a sealed room. Some still rely on Discord for the community, finding players etc., but use voice chats from elsewhere. For instance lots of CS players I know used to use IRC to plan games and then Teamspeak for voice chat during the match. Those I know still do the same, they have just moved from IRC to Discord, but TS remains. > Their playful approach makes it fun to be there When lockdown started the huge company I am contracting for decided to try Discord. It was a hilarious clash between corporate culture and gaming culture for a month. I think they've toned down some of it now? (We ended up with teams) https://i.imgur.com/eVwStvT.png I was first a bit hesitant to embed a letter using a custom font in an SVG, but then I saw it actually creates a path. So it will look the same everywhere and not depend on a font-file. Nifty! But how is it done? How usable are svg favicons nowadays? Do I still need a dozen link rels in my with various icons in different formats/sizes? Currently I have one .ico file as rel="shortcut icon", 4 pngs in various sizes as "icon", 4 pngs as "apple-touch-icon" and 1 svg as "mask icon" Just say shibboleet (jk) Where I'm contracting now didn't want my account added to their org because it's not a profile picture of me. As the public facing stuff of the account is my personal stuff, I don't want someone else to tell me how it should be. So a new account for this customer it is.. A rehashed and worse article than their linked source, which was discussed here a few days ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24817304 If it's taken to the extreme: Are there then even more health benefits for long breath holds? Or is it the breathing that's the clue? I've been practicing holding my breath for freediving earlier, and got to 5 minutes. It's very relaxing, until it's not. The name is from there: [0] > The Baader–Meinhof phenomenon is the illusion where something that has recently come to one's attention suddenly seems to appear with improbable frequency shortly afterwards (...) It was named after an incidence of frequency illusion in which the Baader–Meinhof Group was mentioned. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cognitive_biases#Frequ... A heads up: Hyperventilating before diving can be fatal, so not something I'd recommend in that context, at least. Which also makes me a bit dubious about his other claims. Edit: found a twitter thread where he told someone to not do it before freediving, so at least we agree there. I've just seen his method mentioned so many times in relation to breath hold, and it's so incredibly dangerous to do under water. Nothing inherently dangerous about practicing breath holds at home, as long as it's done sitting in a bed or so in case of dizziness. Unless you hyperventilate (don't!) the pain will be too great for most people to hold until they black out. And one can always just start breathing before that, never beat your own PR by more than a few seconds at a time. Of course, when setting records it's done in the water (because of the diving reflex), which should never be attempted alone. I recommend apps for "co2 tables" when practicing. > How many people will suffer known health effects from wearing masks None? Or they are probably already in a physical state in which going out in public during a pandemic is not a good idea? I've argued against Wim Hof elsewhere here, doing his hyperventilation breathe up in the water is almost begging to black out. One software concept where it's applicable is game programming. Lots of people have their dream/pet project they spend years on tweaking and making all these features for, but the underlying game mechanic just isn't... fun enough, I guess? But making lots of small games (at game jams or so) one can discover great concepts, and then nail those. Not nearly the same; But at university I was one of those guys driving around on an Airwheel. Every little curb was sooo annoying, and I could just jump off, walk over and continue my ride. Sometimes I would do quite some detours to avoid that. Made me realize how annyoing going around on campus in a wheelchair must have been. As someone that bikes with a power meter, looking at my power curve for some rides: I've held 300W avg for 20 minutes, 200W avg for 3 hours and 160W avg for 9 hours. These are from races, a steady state effort could probably be a bit higher. I think that may be some usable numbers for what an avid amateur cyclist can achieve (ftp ~4Ws/kg). And then one will have to take into account that the body efficiency of cycling is about 25%, so one will have to eat 4x that amount in calories... I just hope for a better winter this year. Last year it was so little snow (until it suddenly was a lot, but then it was covid...). With home office and all those routines now, I'm dreaming about cross country skiing during an extended lunch break and then going back home and work some more. Would be nice actually seeing the sun, not just ski in the evening with a head mounted light. While I think other commenters are right that it's nothing unique about the Nordics to be outside, I think Norway is a notch above Sweden (and many others) in going outside no matter the weather. I commute by bike all year, and during winter I would like to cross country ski X times a week, no matter the temperature or conditions. Twitter is so full of weird connectivity bugs. For the last weeks until a few days ago I've been unable to access twitter unless doing a hard refresh on every click. Because they installed a faulty service worker of some kind that would break most of the requests. (Both on desktop and android) And on Android, every time I follow a link to Twitter in an app that opens in a web view, it gives me a faulty page that I have to refresh a few times before I'm able to view it. It loads the page fine, but some rest call or whatever to fetch the tweet crashes. Edit: Not heard many others complain about this before, so mainly thought it was something about my setup. But the huge amount of upvotes this got suggests some Twitter engineers better look into this.. Yup, that fixed it for a few days at least last time. The issue about the whole page being inaccessible. The issue with the page loading but not the tweet is still ever present.. I also expected a similar play on words. But I realized I only know of the Flying Dutchman based on Carl Barks' story, never read about the original myth. For those not wanting to click a link without explanation: It's "Juice it or lose it", a talk about how adding simple effects to a game can make it much more immersive and fun. It's well made and inspiring talk, breaking down how much can be done with so little. Worth a watch. I like the version hosted here, the slides are easier to see: https://www.gdcvault.com/play/1016487/Juice-It-or-Lose > Games calculate square roots and inverse square roots all the time to find the lengths of vectors A trick here is that one often doesn't have to do the square root. For instance, if you want something to happen when an object is 5 units away from another object, it's normal to do if sqrt( (x2-x1)^2 - (y2-y1)^2 ) but instead you can do if (x2-x1)^2 - (y2-y1)^2 trading a sqrt for a squaring. And often the square of the distance can be cached or even a constant. So a lot of libraries (for instance vector library from libgdx[0]) contain a dst function, but also a dst2 function that skips the squaring to save some cycles when not needed. [0]: https://libgdx.badlogicgames.com/ci/nightlies/docs/api/com/b... Think this discussion from a few weeks ago can shed light on much of this: Ask HN: Why are there no open source 2d printers? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24786721 I don't really care how good emacs or vim are for text editing, I always crave a good IDE as text editing is just a small part of writing code. It may be because I'm using java/kotlin, and the stuff a good IDE can do there is much more than in some other languages. But the refactoring, find usages, debugging, building, etc is just so smooth and integrated I've become an IntelliJ fanboy. As for ram usage, I currently have two huge java projects open, and three elm/frontend projects with all the shared packages opened as modules, and it's about 5GB. While it's certainly more than a text editor (still less than chrome lol), is it really so bad? My laptop got 64GB of ram and 34GB of those are sitting unused and 8GB is just cache. I actually prefer it to use more ram than having to recompute stuff or load from disk. The computer I bought as a "poor" (western) student in 2012 had 16 GB ram. I can't really see any professionals stuck with 8 GB ram nowadays. As I said, even Chrome will kill a computer with that amount. So I can see it being an issue, I just think an IDE isn't optimized for that kind of usage, I guess? I acknowledge I'm speaking from privilege here, though, and that probably non-professional users would like to use this software as well. > YOU PUT THE DICKS IN DICTIONARIES This is great! Just wish it was possible to filter out uncommon words. I have no idea what half of them means or how they're supposed to be pronounced (non-native). Exactly, they only remove false stuff. Are the lives saved before or after including the hundreds of thousands of covid related deaths? It's not about morality, but about responsibility. I can understand the rationale somewhat, but annoying since I often use it for testing during work and it makes it hard to screenshot bugs. Another pet-peeve is banking apps doing the same. I understand they don't want stuff to show up in the app switcher and stuff, but it's annoying when I have to screenshot some expense or numbers to send to others. Not strictly comparable, but my company provided Lenovo P1 that's a few years old got 64 GB. Can't imagine having to deal with 16 GB a few years later.. You have reduced performance, you're just accustomed to it. Your use is probably shaped by the limit, though. I mean, a few tabs open in Chrome is easily a couple of GBs alone. I was about to link a related news article I recently read, but realised it was the same study (done by my alma mater). One thing it also found was that they had a better quality of life, and those training together ended up being fond of the time spent together with new friends. The 4x4 protocol btw is a staple in Norwegian training, at all levels. 4x4 and "fartlek" and you are soon an elite athlete is almost the mantra. Or Kokichi Sugihara http://www.isc.meiji.ac.jp/~kokichis/Welcomee.html That would quickly lead to hyperinflation of ratings. The rating lost by a new player is not won by an old player. If you join and is assigned a rating of 1900, but loose your 5 first games, you probably loose a 100 rating points each game. However, the player beating you at 1000 rating doesn't get 100 points, just a few points. > The normal person is running behind or trying to 'just' learn the fast pre found and pre tested moves from a handfull of people who actually played/thought those moves through. Quite the opposite, amateur players play a few moves from a standard opening, and then deviate hugely from the book variations and go into uncharted territory really fast. And while pro's certainly spend an insane amount of time memorizing openings, chess is far more than rote memorization which you kinda seem to apply. Here's a video of Magnus Carlsen being shown various board positions from another player, and then recalling which games they are from and the moves taken. [0] [0]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acVvkz4MsKc For me (1700) the problem is that they often aren't real tactics. One can get a puzzle where there's really no obvious tactical move, only strategic ones. It's mostly okay, but there's a big difference between puzzles extracted by an algorithm from games, and from hand-picket/crafted tactic puzzles. Maybe in tournaments, and in lower rated categories someone will use an engine once in a while to eek out a win. But it's not a rampant problem at all when it comes to casual online chess. The first "1900" was meant to be "1000" as well. Cannot longer edit. > To help them, GitHub will establish and donate $1M to a developer defense fund to help protect open source developers on GitHub from unwarranted DMCA Section 1201 takedown claims. At the end. While I hope it won't be needed, I hope it will be useful when the need arises. > I’m surprised at the negative knee-jerk reaction. Only Chrome is allowed to break stuff on the web, remember? Yeah, as someone whose next laptop wont be a Mac again, this was a good ad for what AMD has achieved lately. MyLenovo P1 got a Intel Xeon of some kind, and while I'm otherwise very happy with the Laptop, the CPU is hot, uses way too much power and constantly throttles. Then that would either create pressure to have more public transport, or affect the prices on the homes as people would prefer to live accessible. Changes don't happen in a vacuum, they bring other changes with them. - Am I so out of touch? No, it must be everyone else who are wrong! Or in your case, just accusing them of being bots.. but you pay for the distribution / tools / OS etc is a common sentiment I see here. No, the yearly fee should pay for that, and the user for the OS. And anyways, what if I don't want to, why cant I distribute it myself? I feel like I just get the same texture stretched over whatever figures I draw. Are tests so easily available now that they can be "wasted" on people just using them for convenience, instead of reserving the testing capacity for better use? The test may anyway be worthless if you take it and then anyways have been exposed during a flight or so. > I get tested here in SF pretty often and any time I'll be hanging out with people Given the time it takes from exposure to symptoms and tests register it, isn't that kind of a false sense of security? Exposed on sunday - takes a test thursday that's negative - hangs out with friends on friday, kinda deal. Maybe not 2010, but some time before that it was evident that their architecture couldn't scale. They increased clock rate every year, and hit a wall. My Pentium 4 in 2006 or so still had much more GHz than any CPU I've had since. After hitting the ceiling, they pushed on in that direction for far too long before rethinking the approach, like getting blood from a stone. They render it to a canvas, webgl or similar, and read the pixel data using javascript. It's good that one has the enlightened centrists to tell everyone that both sides are equally bad, at least. Game code can be hard to unit test, it needs integration tests on actual hardware. Lots of weird stuff on all chips that need to be taken care of. > My Mac? Almost nothing I run is from the App Store. For now. On design forums I've often seen people using their spare time to create an alternative design for various services / programs. They often look very sleek, and people will comment "wow, they should make it like this" or "I would use program X if it looked like this". The problem is that these mockups are often useless. They are just drive-by. No substance, no thought of a user-journey or how to accomplish tasks. Mostly all functionality has been hidden and some pretty colors added. (And these mockups never reach the projects anyway, just shared with other designers) Whats needed is first and foremost UX people, not graphic designers drawing a pretty UI. That is the final touch. But making good UX is hard, and need a good understanding about how the software is used, and what's technically feasible. All this takes much involvement and speaking to multiple people and back-and-forths over time. My day-to-day involves a UX person discussing a feature with me, and us arriving at some rough sketches for how it should be. I will often start implement, and find an edge-case not considered or something, which will trigger a new discussion. My point is that UX isn't something someone can do in a vacuum on their own, or as a complete rewamp. It needs to be continuous in the process for every user-facing feature, and thus involve everyone. Attracting UX people to that kind of long commitment is the hard part. While for a developer I often feel it's them just making a feature to scratch their own itch, with no consideration for the whole. I bike everywhere, but have been considering buying a car for some trips where it's impractical: Visiting family far away, go to the mountains to ski etc. I could always rent, but I have ended up only doing it sporadically. Spending ~$50 on a city car to have it for a day out of the city has made the barrier so high. But having calculated cost of owning a car (parking, insurance, repairs, deprecation, gas etc) I have realized I could do that every weekend all year, and still probably come out ahead. Even if comparing to buying a used car. So here's to hoping I will be better at doing it this winter. > and all of those rights must be purchased this have been tried for Chess, and deemed not applicable. Others are allowed to do live coverage of the moves without purchasing any rights. The organizers control the live footage, can ban them from entering the premises to interview players etc., so most will adhere to some form of contract. But if you have no ties there's nothing stopping you from making your own content based on purely the moves being made. Update: Specifically, the moves are not copyrightable https://chess24.com/en/read/news/us-judge-agrees-with-chess2... It also mentions "NBA vs. Motorola" in which NBA didn't own statistics of NBA games and others were allowed to use them. I just got one "mark everything that shows bikes" with pictures of cyclists, motorbikes and cars. The translation used the norwegian word "sykler" which to me is the human powered one. But it looked like it wanted me to also select motorized ones as well. That's something that's lost in the translation. Testing some more here https://www.google.com/recaptcha/api2/demo I also got "mark all fire hydrants". I've never seen one in real life, only those red in American cartoons. I got "parking meters", but none of them looked like they do in my country (and I've never heard anyone call them that word they used for translation). I got mark "mountains", but to quote Dundee: You call that a mountain? How is the shifting? Sounds a bit too rigid. Smooth shifting is probably more important for performance than those last promilles. While official apps were nonexistant or severely lacking, a guy named Rudy or so made a lot of 6-branded apps that worked better than the originals on Android at the time. The snapchat, instagram etc clients he made were really good. While at the same time the snapchat app for Android constantly crashed and had really bad image quality (a screenshot of the camera seeker or so??). Of course, the apps were simpler then. Mostly images and a feed / chat, not all this AR and advanced filters. Not sure one could compete today without official backing. But I really do miss some of the apps I had on my Lumia 920. The rebuilding of apps and new thinking about UI made some stellar apps. The HERE maps were so much better than Google Maps still is (and GMaps only gets worse and slower each iteration), and the HERE public transport app (Transit?) had a UI layout and interaction I've never seen anyone else have, but which was really intuitive and nice to use. WP8 also had a reddit reader that's far above anything else I've tried since. While I never liked the look of the earlier iPhone UI widgets (blue gradient top row with back button etc) at least most of the apps worked consistently at the time. And that was even better with WP8, the way one could almost see the next screen and could swipe etc worked really well. Now however, apps are made with their own design and not made for the OS they run on. So they look the same on iOS and Android, and out of place on both. So I have one way of interacting with Instagram, and then a completely different way of interacting with Google's material apps. Yeah, and around the same time most 3rd party Twitter clients got shafted (on all platforms). As for Snapchat, someone at my university made accounts that would repost snaps sent to it and some other stuff. It quickly became a huge thing, and a kind of mini social network of stuff happening on campus. As they used Snapchat APIs directly for this they were quickly banned, though. It took years before Snapchat added similar features, but for me those felt DoA and no one uses them. Sad when innovation is quenched. Instead they went on to make their own app, Gobi or something. Nice! Some feedback, maybe not specifically for your implementation, I think these are the reasons I've never gotten that into Mahjong even though I really like these kind of games. - Some of the bricks are too similar for me. Red symbol with a smaller black symbol above. As those symbols are meaningless to me, I'm unable to pattern match quickly. (It's probably the standard look, but having variations would be nice) - I have trouble with the depth perception, it's not extreme enough for me to intuitively know if a brick is available or not. If anything, fading those blocked just a tad would be very helpful to see it at a glance. What I find enjoyable when playing puzzle games is to "turn off my brain" and just do it on intuition/pattern matching/experience. I feel I'm unable to do this here, it takes a lot of cognitive effort to search for the bricks, instead of actually solving the logic of the game. Which to me often makes Mahjong more of a hassle than other type of games. - Whats the flower pot for? I have recently bought chess books through the Android app "Forward Chess". It's very nice, as all the boards and games described inside become clickable and interactive. No longer do I have to set them up manually or try to see all the lines in my head. As a beginner that makes it easier to focus on the crux of what the book is trying to teach me. I can highly recommend it. There are demo-books one can download for free to test the concept. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.forwardche... That's not how the Norwegian broadcasts have been, at all. Three different producers have been trying different stuff, and made it really approachable. First it was NRK (the national channel, like BBC for norway) and VG (the biggest newspaper) that both made their own live coverage. And now lately TV2 (biggest paid channel) is also in the game. The coverages usually consist of a panel with a chess expert and a professional commentator/host, and then various other guests swapped each day. Mostly one celebrity and one other chess player. Then when a move is made it's discussed for some time and variants shown (not just computer analysis read out loud....), mostly by the professionals not looking at a computer. And then the guests can ask noob questions that's also what we viewers are wondering about ("why not just do X") and the chess experts show why. Then it may be twenty minutes to the next move, so the discussion becomes like a chess-focused talk-show for some time until the next move is made. Or if it's speed chess, that kind of talk is in the 15-20 minutes between each game. I'm actually going to miss having the speed chess world championship this christmas. Almost become a tradition watching that with the family. I came here wondering the same. Is this based on work done by folding@home for instance? (As in, it used their precomputed stuff as training data) Yeah, why aren't people out celebrating that DOW hit 30k or so? Maybe because all those metrics have almost no correlation how a below median income household operates. Most banks are even wary on having emigrated Americans as customers, as that is also a lot of headaches. (One of few countries where one still in theory have to tax even when no longer living there) What does that Å mean? Never seen our letter been used in a scientific context. Exceptions are nice and languages without them should feel bad. Your comment is a pretty useless blanket statement. At least invite some discussion by coming with a few arguments.. > Yesterday, the Chrome team announced to remove the feature from their HTTP/2 and HTTP/3 protocol implementations. It's sad and scary that Chrome has such market dominance that they can basically decide how the standards should be. I'm a member of a union in Norway. They have zero to do with my day-to-day. Which is nice. I bargain pay on my own etc., same does everyone else. Don't even think my employer knows I'm a member. However, the union has pushed for better regulations. When I started my career 5 years ago for instance, I had to sign a non-compete. Almost every offer had one, as an individual I couldn't do much. The union however helped pass legislation so those general non-competes are illegal, and can only be used for very specific purposes. When I got offers, they would also look over the contracts, tell me what I should be expected to be paid etc, giving me more knowledge and backing as a rookie (vs big cos). The yearly salary statistics is detailed and useful for me every year. The union also collectively bargains for other stuff. For instance my mortgage rate is far lower through their offer than anything else I've found. The member fee (~400 yearly?) pays it self many times over just from this. So I think this works great. Everyone on here always paints unions as these monoliths, but they don't have to be. I am still valued as a singular, but for the big stuff we're numerous. A few years ago I had work on a thin-client for a client. After a while I didn't notice, I think my brain just got slower, heh. Yeah, it may be that the union word is too tainted. A union doesn't have to be a monopoly keeping everyone else out ("you have to hire our licensed workers") or something that is in the way of doing your job ("you're not allowed to crawl under your desk and plug in ethernet"). Which are the examples I often see here. I feel it's more statistics based than true spellchecking? At least I often feel that it wants to rewrite my sentences to something completely different because what I'm searching/writing is uncommon but similar to a more common word. Even better: Sick days shouldn't be a pool at all. In Norway there's X amount of sick days one can use without any hassle (all paid), to use any more all you have to do is show a doctors note. If you have to use more than Y amount of days (chronic illness, a more serious thing or something), the government will temporarily take on the responsibility of paying the worker's wages. I don't think people should be punished for being sick. You are comparing 20 vs 10 + 10 if you're sick. In most of Europe it would however have been 20 + whatever you need if sick. Or probably more than 20. Written elm daily in huge production apps for years now. I read about the drama on HN, but it doesn't really reflect how elm is to use. Everything works and been stable for a long time now. Would I recommend others to throw away React or similar to use it? Maybe not, but it's mostly painless to use day-to-day. Sometimes I've spent hours on a single config line, so having to write 20 of some unknown thing sounds scary. And it's irrelevant for what he is trying to do, which is to run something locally. With docker that's one command, vs having to set up all the other stuff as well. I've been very fan of using docker for all our dev stuff. To run something locally before it meant having correct version of lots of stuff, and possible having installed some database, configure it correctly etc. Onboarding could be days of configuring this stuff and having something fail. Now it's just download docker, run our ./setup.sh that spins up the various docker images, and one's almost good to go. You are missing the point. In this hypothetical case I'm not interested in knowing how Kubernetes works or is deployed, I'm only interested in running my tools. It's not laziness, it's pragmatism so I can solve what I'm actually trying to solve. The average speed of 6km/h is so slow I don't think most people would be capable of running like that. So a brisk walk, or running with intermediate walking is probably a more apt description. Edit: pretty sure I read it as 1:40 hmm > The CNIL rejected the companies’ arguments that it had no right to impose the sanctions because their respective European headquarters are in Ireland and Luxembourg So they are fine with taking French money, but want to be above their laws? You don't have to have a popup if you don't track people. Easy-peasy. Isn't that also true for a "normal" museum? As in, they showcase what they think is pretty/good/whatever, and the museum's curator's taste may be different than mine. It could autoupdate when running/on launch though. No idea why Google litters my system with weird backgroundtasks, unless it's to get a few more datapoints on me.. In Norway we have this failed campaign for bicycle safety. On some roads there are big signs with "share the road" and the picture of a cyclist looking behind as he's overtaken by a car [0]. The intention was to "humanize" the cyclist and make cars behave, but instead the cars see the sign as "cyclists should look behind and let us pass!" or "he should cycle on the curb!" and instead increase the rage they feel when getting slowed down.. [0]: https://imgur.com/a/KSLAFzl > I have seen people cycling between rows of parked cars It's kinda ironic that that's used as an example of bad cycling, and also exactly where most bike lanes are put: in the door zone of parked cars. The solution is to block the street off from cars. I don't get why every street need to have two-way car traffic. It can even lead to more congestion when there's more roads and intersections. Here someone will always cry "it will kill the businesses on that street", but then the opposite happens. It's a more quiet street, it's walkable, can sit outside and drink a coffee etc. You say that as if road are for cars and are only "allowing" the bikes to be there by their good grace. It should be flipped around. Are those motorcycles zooming between cars at high speeds? Is that comparable to a cyclist? And filtering to get in front in the intersection is safer for a cyclist, as one is then better seen. So no reason not to filter through stopped traffic, really. If it's a safety issue, the solution is probably to remove those making it dangerous (cars) from the streets. No, it's a stupid point, repeatedly being made. Why should cyclists be judged as a group by their worst members, but drivers as individuals? As a driver, I think all roads should be closed for anyone else but cyclists. I'm a driver, you can't argue with my point, as I represent all drivers. "As an X person" is really good for discourse.. As if the drivers are cool and level headed while mowing cyclists down? People fearing for their lives are allowed to be agitated. And if you don't want to take a diverse group of people seriously because of some slight you have with a minority of them, you're not really interested in taking them seriously in the first place, and are just looking for excuses. Classic tactic used to neglect lots of groups one's not in. "If the millions of BLM supporters want to be taken seriously, they shouldn't have a few people among them rioting!" is another example. Norway likes slow TV, and did this for a whole day: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6urNqR7x1kE I checked in for all the big transitions where multiple panels had to be changed at the same time. > And frankly I don't want to get stuck behind one on a road with a dramatically higher speed limit than what you can pedal at. In big cities that's never a problem. Cars are stuck behind other cars. > You can make a bad faith argument comparing I didn't compare myself to that, only an example. If anything that's a straw man and bad faith on you.. > Don't forget that by cycling you are choosing to bring a knife to a gunfight. It's not a fight. But you and other drivers looking at it like that is very telling, heh. Drop the snark. Drop the dismissive tone. You have had Fx people replying to you directly. Saying they don't care is shitty behavior from you. I'm in the same boat. I like integrating with graphql endpoints. But for endpoints I make myself for my own frontend, I prefer making exactly what I need. Doing it more general would be a waste of time (YAGNI etc), and since it's often the critical path (not just data fetching) it's nice to have it clearly laid ot what's happening, without having to have knowledge about how the frontend happens to call it. Incredible photos, makes me even more homesick. A few hours now, and I will be taking the train back home for Christmas. Can't wait to see the mountains and the snow! His surname sounds very Norwegian, btw. I don't get this line of thinking at all . It seems like such a random goalpoast. Why does it matter if the computer is better? If you're an 1800 rated player, you're still so far behind the best humans that it's irrelevant. Or why care if a computer has examined some similar positions before? As an amateur the positions won't be novel in qny way anyway. No more human innovation is blatantly false. If anything, computers have led to lots of new ways to play. And humans play humans, what a computer would do in a position is irrelevant. Yeah, at no point does this article deliver on its premise: that java is dying. > I can't remember the last time I talked to anyone who could recall to me a single time they changed their mind If I gave you an example, would you change your mind or still be of the same impression that no one changes their mind the next time this discussion comes up? ;) If it were a non-trivial example I would split it in two: One function to generate the data, and one function to count and do the statistics. Then you can pass the second one known datasets and verify it gives you correct statistics, and at least be confident that that part is correct. Of course that still leaves the generation and randomness part. You could make a separate function for numberToTailOrHead(...) that you can test. Or maybe you should have the ability to send in which source of randomness it uses. And then you can provide a fake random implementation that tests the edge cases (0, 0.5, 0.999). Yes. Every MacOS update is a shitshow of things that stop working. My company always have to send out a message to everyone asking them not to update when a new OS version is out, until it's been tested some more. Always break something. > Since the initial reporting of this story, information has come to light calling into question Howard Steel’s role in the MSG controversy. For more on this fascinating story, listen to This American Life episode #668. Does anybody know the conclusion? Was the part about a joke letter because of a bet real or not? Thanks, didn't know they had a transcript. Too bad the linked article hasn't edited their story with this information. This will just create another myth and further spread false information. In most of the rest of the western world, the cost of childbirth is mainly the parking fee and snacks from a vending machine while waiting. But alphazero is still using some kind of min-max, right? It's not a net that you input a board into and get a move out, but a net you input a board into and get a score out. So in a stockfish context it's mostly replacing the heuristic/scoring function? The mystery was heavily discussed (>300 comments) here earlier (before this development in the story): https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24981786 Can be interesting to see how the speculation there was correct or not. What I loved about Super Mario 64 was that it used the same area for 6 stars (+ coin star). But for Galaxy for instance, you would just land on another area of the same planet and kinda follow "rail tracks" to the star. Haven't played Odyssey, but that's because I was a bit put off because of this. Is it better in this regard? As for exercising, if one's into that one might as well buy a proper watch for that. My Garmin can play music via BT and pay without my phone present. In addition it's tracking and fitness functions are way better than a normal smart watch. And the battery lasts longer than a day. More than a week even though I use the gps for an hour a day. For me it's the opposite. Fitness is the most important, and the basic smart watch features on the Garmin is enough that I can't justify a second smart watch. I guess it depends on one's circle. In my eyes one looks kinda like a dork with an Apple watch. But a fitness watch signalizes health and taking care of yourself/sportiness. I wear my garmin 945 everywhere, and most people I hang out with do the same. I agree with your assessment. But it's just that in Norway, sports wear is so in fashion that it bleeds over to everyday- and even formal clothing. Instead of a wool sweater, one wears a sporty wool baselayer like "kari traa". Instead of sun glasses it's sports glasses. Instead of a winter coat it's a ski jacket etc. Ohh, we spent aaaages yesterday trying to set up my brother's old iPhone for my dad. All the OTPs failed, even though we wrote them correctly. His iCloud didn't want to log in and resetting the password (as we thought we had the wrong one) just left everything in limbo. Apple support were less than helpful. Instead of blaming globalism, maybe one should make companies responsible for their external effects? As in, lawfully responsible, to be tried as if they did it themselves. Like pollution, using other companies to do their unethical biddings etc (child or slave labor for instance). What kind of stuff is that? Don't think I can come up with anything I do that I could see someone else handle for me or that would be worth paying for. The reason I spend time booking travel is either because I want to save a few bucks (and then paying someone makes no sense) or because I'm exploring options to know what I want (again, makes no sense having someone else do it). If it were pure business travel as in "I have to be at a conference in city A from X to Y" I could see the value, maybe. But for personal? No. I spend literally a minute with customer support a year, I think it would be easier voicing my issue directly than having to explain it to a third party and having multiple follow ups.. I don't get this at all. I'm so at the opposite I would almost pay money to be able to do this myself instead of having others in control. Can't fathom paying for the hassle of having others do this. Most people in my company had to turn it off in Chrome (or switch to Fx) because webpages became a mess on their MacBook. Think this is the issue (screenshot there representative of how it looks, at least) https://support.google.com/chrome/thread/35828402?hl=en If they didn't, people would instead lament them how their OS is unsafe. Removing or disabling unsafe programs is a security feature, almost as if detecting malware. Why should your "personal objection" be a reason for someone else to change? You do you and choose an app based on naming if you want, but don't go pushing your puritan views on everyone else. For now. The walls are getting higher on MacOS lately. > Be kind. Don't be snarky. Have curious conversation; don't cross-examine. Please don't fulminate. Please don't sneer, including at the rest of the community. From the guidelines linked at the bottom. As someone that logs to Strava everyday, I've seen a lot of weird maps the last days. Not seen anything weird on my FR945 (as the author), but many of those I follow have noted it in their descriptions of their skiing trips. Their out and back tracks are the same but like offset 100 meters. Yes, most Garmins will show bars on connection status similar to how a phone does for phone towers or at least some kind of status. It will also beep when it has a good enough connection. Usually (because of the cache) that's only like a second so one doesn't care/notice and may easily skip waiting for it in the cases the gps lock isn't ready.