The dmd front end is GPL'd. I tend to learn languages by writing compilers for them. I'm sure that isn't normal . D started 10 years ago. It's not a flash in the pan. Uncaught exceptions are caught by the D runtime code, and the appropriate message is printed. You can declare functions as "nothrow", in which case the compiler will complain about any uncaught exceptions in the function body. You can do "header" files with D, too. They're called .di files and the compiler will even generate them automatically, or they can be built by hand. The compile speed advantage D has over C/C++ is that in the latter the header files must be reparsed for every source file. In D, the header files only need to be reparsed once, and then it is looked at symbolically for the rest of the source modules. D is also faster at compiling because the lexical grammar is designed to require little processing. Since banks are both heavily regulated and customers' deposits are insured by the government, one can expect capitalist market forces to go awry with their operation. The unit test facility built in to the D programming language has turned out in practice to be a huge win. Sure, it's on the basic side, but the advantages are there's a standard way to do it that is little more than just writing out your tests right next to the function needing testing. This convenience factor tends to make a function look incomplete without the unit test. I put mine in the closet, and run long video/keyboard wires to my desk. Works fine. There are limits to unit tests. For example, suppose I have a function I need to be pure (i.e. it does not modify any global state). No amount of unit testing will prove that it is pure. But a static type system check by the compiler can prove it is pure. Unit testing and static type checking have some overlap, but it is not complete overlap. Both are desirable. Length-embedded strings are little better than the 0-terminated ones. You cannot take a substring without copying. The "fat pointer" approach has been used in D for nearly 10 years now, and has proven itself to be very effective. Does anyone know of a desktop or laptop powered by an ARM running Linux? Optimizer and code gen problems are pretty hard for users to diagnose correctly, so most compiler vendors put a high priority on fixing them. Doesn't that just come with the territory? If you're successful with your opinions, people will argue with you. Joel doesn't know you're not going to sue him. Lots of people file frivolous lawsuits against companies, in the hope of a settlement even if the lawsuit has no merit (it takes a lot of time and money to defend against frivolous suits). It makes no sense for him to expose himself to that sort of risk. I think it comes from the 1960's depiction of computers, when if you hit the wrong key the keyboard would shoot sparks out and throw the operator across the room. A couple years back, I remember reading an article that argued that housing was way overpriced because the rents were only about half the value of the house. They should be in line with each other. The thing to do is to have the chief mechanic along for the check ride. For the time being, just try to put pipes into the plume and pump it into tanker ships. Even getting 10% will help. What worked for me was to not sleep for 30 hours beforehand. I'd be careful about concluding it could not have been accidental. The chemical industry isn't the only one that tries to prevent incorrect connections by using dissimilar connectors, but there always seems to be a mechanic that thinks he knows better and tries to "fix" it. They can and do find adapters or even make adapters. There's no malice involved, just pig-headed stupidity. I don't see a turbine anywhere. There's not even any amplification (boost). It's just a directional antenna. With that volume of money, why not use a credit card merchant account? I use one, and I've always found the CC company to be easy to get on the phone and eager to help me with any issues. It would seem easier to just scan the film, then write some software instead of building a special machine. My big, boxy "desktop" isn't on my desk, it's in the closet with long cables to my desk. This keeps the noise and clutter down. These studies were done during WW2 to investigate ways to increase productivity in the US arms factories. Note that this was with a workforce that wanted to produce as much as possible, not a workforce that was coerced to. Their conclusion to maximize productivity was to work 40 hours most of the time, with occaisional bursts at 60. Any algorithmic method of beating the market can only be successful if it is a secret and if its trades are of insignificant volume. Otherwise, knowledge of this algorithm will be factored into the prices, defeating it. Trading stocks isn't a zero-sum game. The value you deliver is to (more) accurately price the shares. It also isn't zero sum in that the person on the other side of the trade values what you're giving in exchange more than you do, by definition. Floss your teeth. Every day. Your older self will thank you. This doesn't make sense, as CPM86 was sold right alongside PC-DOS, both from IBM. The reason PC-DOS outsold CPM86 was that PC-DOS was $40 and CPM86 was nearly $300. It's as simple as that. I'll be there to talk about the D programming language. I think I'll stop reading HN and go do something useful! The slides: http://erdani.com/d/three-cool-things-about-d.pdf This looks like a reinvention of the scope guard statement: http://www.digitalmars.com/d/2.0/exception-safe.html In my college experience, I did the most learning when working my way through the problem sets with my fellow students. It would have been an awful lot harder without that (and a lot less fun). One would have to be fairly motivated to succeed alone in a room watching a video over the internet. The article was not intended to give a balanced view of issues vs usefulness. It was attempting to explain why C++ compiles relatively slowly, which is a common question people ask me. Whether or not the speed issues are balanced by other considerations is up to the C++ user. I don't really understand the fairness of being able to retire at 55 with a full pension. The retirement age should be 70. I've heard essentially that same story from lots of people my whole life. My grandparents even tried it with my father. It never works. I do my FreeBSD testing on a 10 year old box. I grew up with airplanes being old hat. But still prickles run down my spine when I look at that old photo of the Wright Flyer's first flight. What an incredible achievement that was, and how long man had dreamed about flying! The guy was doing 80 and not wearing his seatbelt. I don't see how Ford is to blame. An SUV is not a sports car. We have a 1000 years of history of what works in education, but people keep ignoring that. Why not study real life instead of fiction? Fictions are, by definition, not even pretending to be accurate. Smart enough to realize it's a work of fiction? I often hear college educated people claim "The Jungle" and "The Grapes of Wrath" are historical documentaries. The trouble with the specifics is since it's a work of fiction, there is no way to tell what is real and what is made up. Hence, reputable historians and sociologists should study reality from reputable sources. Do you really want the future policymakers of America to base their ideas on hollywood movie scripts? So, there was an amsterdam experiment in Baltimore? A cop inventing a serial killer? No? It belongs in a literature class, not a sociology class. It's like learning physics by watching Star Trek. Yes, The Wire was a great TV show. I enjoyed watching it. But let's not pretend it is a documentary. Isn't that like saying studying real world physics is hard, so we'll study Star Trek instead? If studying real relationships is so hard, how can you tell if the made up ones are valid? Why can a hollywood script writer do this while Harvard research academics cannot? Does the book confirm that the way to learn about physics is to study Star Trek's warp drive, transporter, subspace communications, telepathy, food replicator, telekinesis, parallel universes, force fields, gravity generator, dylithium crystals, time travel, vulcan death grip, etc., all based on no known scientific principles? An engine will run a surprisingly long time with little or no oil pressure. The idea behind them was to remove the work involved in learning and the effort required to teach. In exercise you cannot get strong without effort, and there is no way to learn without effort. The most effective way to teach someone and to learn is with a teacher, blackboard, and chalk. Everything else is second best (including the wonderful Kahn Academy). "This is the exact same kind of terrible, short-sighted, browser-specific garglemesh that plagued the web with favicon.ico a Microsoft only image format that forced a specific file name and location (and generates billions of 404s across the web every day)." Hmm. With the iPod, there's the apple-touch-icon.png "George Cayley knew how to make a plane a century before the Wright brothers took off. If only he'd got the internal combustion engine to work." This implies that all the Wrights did was slap an engine on a Cayley design and fly. It's an egregious misunderstanding of the Wrights' numerous essential contributions to flight that made flight possible. 1. The Wrights designed and built their own engine from scratch. Nothing available had anywhere near the power/weight ratio they needed. Essentially, the Wrights invented the first aircraft engine. 2. They invented the first correct propellor theory, enabling them to produce propellors that were twice as efficient as their competitors'. This, of course, enabled the engine to be half the weight and power. (This factor alone is why I don't believe the other pretenders actually flew - they didn't have the power.) 3. They developed a 3 axis control system. This is absolutely crucial to successful flight. 4. They discovered that the existing data for airfoil efficiency was wrong by a factor of two. Airfoils needed to be twice the size as was previously thought. The Wrights invented a wind tunnel balance that was able to measure lift and drag, and used it to develop a refined, successful airfoil. Nobody else came even close. 5. They developed their technology over a series of increasingly sophisticated prototypes. It's probably the first example of a directed research and development program. Taylor was employed by the Wrights, so yeah, they worked together on it. I included the wing warping as part of the 3 axis control. Yes, it was an original (and crucial) contribution by the Wrights. Just a quick comment; most books one cannot even give away. A lot of used books are sold on Amazon for $.01. The local used bookstore won't even take boxes of nearly mint books for free, because they can't give them away either. I read thousands of books as a kid and paid for nearly none of them. A good book on how airplanes are designed and produced is The Jet Makers http://generalatomic.com/jetmakers/index.html Yes, my father is the author. This kind of thing happens a lot. A favorite trick is to "bundle" your app with some useless add-on, and then split the revenue between your app and the add-on, halving your royalty. The way to get past that is to have a minimum royalty per unit, and a minimum aggregate royalty per quarter. I know someone who worked with Courtney. She's very smart. The wire sensor buried in the pavement has been around since the 1960's, and nothing has improved since then. You don't need to place sensors anymore, a simple camera can do it. Or even a directional microphone, or an infrared sensor, or a microwave radar, etc. When I get a bit tired of working on software, I work on my hotrod ('72 Dodge Challenger), which has no computers (or even electronics) of any kind in it. It's very refreshing to work on totally mechanical systems with my own hands, and have them come alive. After a while, I'm ready to go back to the keyboard. I benefited greatly from the courses I took at Caltech. What I learned was: 1. how to learn 2. organized methods of thinking about problems 3. how to separate truth from crap 4. how to break down large problems into solvable small ones I'm not sure how these can be learned effectively through self study. Both the US and German rocket programs were started by privately funded researchers. The governments only got interested when they saw working equipment. The same was true of jet engine. Neither the German nor British governments had the slightest interest in it until they were shown flying jet powered aircraft. The US government specifically told Lockheed to stop work on jet engines and concentrate on war production. A number of privately developed computer networks existed before the internet. Heck, anyone with two computers tried to connect them together. I suppose everyone has forgotten about all the privately developed and deployed networks before the internet as we know it - BIX, Prodigy, MCImail, Fidonet, UUCP, Telenet, the BBS systems, etc. To presume that without the ARPAnet there would be no internet is a huge stretch. For another example, the telegraph and telephone networks in the US were built with private funding. Even the transatlantic cables were private ventures (at enormous cost). I'm curious about all the downvotes with no comments. If the facts are wrong, say so. Pretty much everyone believes they are organized thinkers, can separate truth from crap, etc. I certainly thought so when I entered college. After 4 years of Caltech, though, I emerged with the realization that I didn't know much about any of that before. While maybe I still am not an organized thinker, I could tell that I had gotten a great deal better at it. Additionally, when I work with others, even though they have college degrees, I can often see the disorganized thinking and lack of problem solving skills. I see this a lot in the programming world, for example. Many programmers, when confronted a bug, flail about essentially at random hoping to get lucky and fix it. If you show them how to approach finding the problem in an organized manner, it's like you're speaking a foreign language to them (or at least I'm a very bad teacher, which is entirely possible). For another example, I once had the job of figuring out the force involved when a screw drive ran full tilt into its stops. I worked out the math, etc., coming up with a formula for the force, plugged the numbers in, and got the answer. My colleague nearby (with a 4 year engineering degree as well) asked me in amazement "what book did you get that formula from?" If you're an EE, and you carry around a card that has printed on it V=IR, R=V/I, I=V/R then you do not know how to solve problems - you learned how to formula plug. Some people can learn all this stuff from self-study. The risk with self-study, however, is that you may not be aware of where the gaps in your skills are, especially if they are difficult to quantify like "organized thinking" or "problem solving skills" or "ability to separate truth from crap". None of the courses were labeled with "organized thinking" or "separating truth from crap". Learning that stuff was a side effect of probably 80% of the standard curriculum. Separating truth from crap is essentially what the scientific method is all about. If there is data that doesn't fit the theory, no matter how small, the theory is wrong and needs to be revised. A theory may explain existing facts, but it is useless unless it can make predictions that can then be tested. Stuff like that. Most of those networks also evolved gateways to interconnect to each other. The history of technology is often one that starts out with proprietary interfaces that evolve under user pressure to standardized, open interfaces. We see that playing out yet again in the iPhone vs Android competition. As soon as there were two computers, people tried to connect them. The more they got connected, the more universal people wanted those connections to be. If commercial companies wouldn't do it, non-commercial entities would (after all, look at linux and the enormous success of free software). Heck, even I worked on hooking computers together back in the 70's using ad-hoc parts and wires and (never having heard of arpanet at the time) even sketched out how a decentralized "web" might work. The idea that a decentralized fault tolerant network is such a novel concept that it required a government to think of it doesn't make a whole lot of sense. Even the telephone system is decentralized. There are decentralized fault tolerant systems all around us as examples. Check out FidoNet http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FidoNet , a hobbyist produced global decentralized fault tolerant network, controlled by nobody. If the internet never existed, it's quite probable FidoNet would have grown up and fit into the same ecological niche. The internet used to run over the phone lines, too. It's a protocol. FidoNet is the counterexample that shows the government was not required to implement a global, decentralized, fault tolerant network. Before that, the phone system was a national, decentralized, fault tolerant network built without benefit of government funding, research, or protocols. There's a lot more to it than AT&T's version. See http://www.cato.org/pubs/journal/cjv14n2-6.html I don't see anything in AT&T's link suggesting it was paid for by the government. Just goes to show there is another side of the story besides the AT&T version. I've never found a company yet that didn't believe that free market competition was good for everyone else, but that their market was unique and they should be protected from competitors. The irony here is that at the time of the Kingsbury Commitment, phone networks were spreading across the country like wildfire. AT&T had already built its long distance network - it obviously didn't require a monopoly guarantee in order to do so. From the article, there were 3,000 phone companies. Surely with that number plenty would do very well in places other than major cities where there weren't 2,999 competitors. Just as obviously, with so many competitors there were not high cost barriers to entry. This article http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2009/09/how-amer... lays out the reasons in a convincing manner. Very illuminating is the article pointing out that Lasik eye surgery is decreasing in cost, and why, while other health care costs are soaring. I tell them I'm a nerd. You shouldn't be. It's quite normal. If someone recorded and then transcribed normal conversation of your's (or anyone else's), you'd be appalled at it. I know I was when mine was recorded! Someone once complimented Cary Grant by saying he wished he could be as witty and suave as Cary was on screen. Cary replied that he wished he could be, too. There's a good reason why politicians carefully script and rehearse their remarks in advance, even the supposedly 'extemporaneous' ones. Not me. I vastly prefer Netflix's content delivery system over Hulu's. Hulu's PC player is stuttery at hires, and has a "comb" like artifact in fast moving scenes, whereas Netflix's works fine on the same machine. An objective standard for what is a good teacher or not can never work. It will be immediately gamed. It's like art, movies, music, etc. You and I immediately know if something is good or not, but we cannot write a set of rules defining good. How does one master the material yet fail the test? How would you know if the kids learned anything unless you test them? Would you get on an airplane where the pilot did not take any licensing tests, and all you know is he showed up for flight school? It's true that you cannot mass replicate a system that depends on exceptional people. It's sort of like vast quantities of high quality goods were not produced until people figured out how to produce such without requiring highly skilled craftsmen. Let's face it, what works is a teacher with a blackboard and a room of students at desks. Nothing else has ever produced better results. I see constant attempts to take the effort out of teaching and learning, and they all fail. Learning is like exercise. If you want to get strong, there are no shortcuts, you have to work at it. The same with learning. I do know people who figured out their marginal hourly rate after taxes, and decided to cut back their hours worked to stay under that. When figuring the hourly rate, one must take into account not only taxes, but loss of unemployment compensation, earned income credit, etc. There are definitely folks who do this and choose to work less because their net hourly rate is not compelling. The UCSD P-system was a VM that ran several languages, and was at least a decade older than the JVM. I stopped using MapQuest because I got tired of the errors in it - locations were often a mile or more away from where MapQuest said they were, leaving me driving around in circles. Loser pays can work when the amount the loser is liable for is the minumum of his legal fees or his opponent's legal fees. That puts the maximum he is liable for under his own control. I can fix anything with a hammer. I find it curious that it's impossible to find simple leather moccasins to buy. Most of these "barefoot" shoes seem way overengineered and overpriced. Apparently this reporter is capable of actually doing real research on thug life, rather than the Harvard professors who use "The Wire" as a lazy alternative to studying reality. Anybody who dissected a smoker knew it was bad for you (ever seen a smoker's lung? I have. Horrific). Even in the 20's cigarettes were called "coffin nails", and doctors routinely advised their patients to quit smoking. Epidemiological studies have been carried out since the early 1800's. This is essentially relying on convention rather than guarantees. Convention is fine for smaller programs, but it falls down when you're dealing with large, complex code bases worked on by many diverse programmers. If you're debugging a sharing problem, and relying on convention, you don't even know where to start looking for it in a large codebase. I wish Amazon would adopt the Netflix model for books. I'd certainly sign up for that. Without effective weapons, many will die. Nobody picks a fight with someone who can effectively fight back. A classic example are the companies that have sprung up for the sole purpose of maximizing Medicare payouts. Ever see those ads for scooters on TV "at no cost to you"? As a consumer, why would you inject yourself with an untested drug from some unknown startup? And the first two are rendered in my browser as a square box because the font doesn't support them. Useless. "If a bunch of actual adults suddenly found themselves trapped in high school, the first thing they'd do is form a union and renegotiate all the rules with the administration." My father went to MIT on the GI bill after serving in combat in WW2. His class was the first to go after the war, and they were all combat vets several years older than the sophomore class. When the fraternity hazing started, one of the vets told the kid with the paddle "you ain't gonna touch me with that". Hazing was suspended for the next 4 years. I get a chuckle every time I think of some kids trying to haze a combat veteran. I used to buy into the idea that reading a book, any book, is a good idea. That may be true if you're learning to read, but most books are junk and add no value to your life. You can stagnate easily by reading lots of potboilers, for example. One's intuition works if you think about it like a heavy brick pressing on a slippery wedge shaped object between the brick and the floor. The wedge will "squirt" out the side at several times the velocity the brick is moving towards the floor. Where a computer fails is when judgment is required. For example, you have an in-air emergency, and are going to have to crash land. What do you pick to crash land on to? Consider Captain Sully's recent decisions in just such an emergency. It's essentially the tit-for-tat response, which turns out to be a very effective strategy for all sorts of things, not just bullies. Learning trig and calculus are very beneficial in that it teaches thinking skills that are applicable to a wide variety of useful life skills. I don't see where he got the impression that D is not actively maintained. See http://www.digitalmars.com/d/2.0/changelog.html , which is the record of frequent, active and extensive updates. The problem is that the code looks correct for anyone coming from C, C++, Java, D, Javascript, etc., but produces unexpected results. Simultaneously complaining about taxes and the deficit does does make sense if you consider cutting spending. I'm not. Power is a seductive mistress. There is no bureaucratic rule that can be devised that can separate good teachers from bad ones. Every such rule can and will be gamed. It's like the difference between art and porn - the difference is obvious by inspection, but impossible to codify. With a free market school system, people will know who the good teachers are and will pay for them (supply and demand). With a government school system, this simply will never work, because the people paying the salaries will never be the ones judging the teachers. "I came, I coded, I crashed" -- Julius C'ster "The double is cast" -- Julius C'ster "If you must break the loop, do it to sieze power; in all other cases continue." -- Julius C'ster To some extent, sure, the larger the organization is the more bureaucratic and inefficient it gets at about everything. But there's still one fundamental difference - with public schools, one is forced to attend (truancy laws) and forced to pay for it. The problem we're discussing is how does one determine who the "best" teachers are? Gates did not propose a solution to this problem. I submit that, being a government school system, such a solution will involve a bureaucratic rule that will inevitably be gamed. Note that the current system of determining the best as being a bureaucratic rule-based combination of seniority and educational level is a recognized failure. I guarantee you that all the alternative rules proposed in this thread can be easily gamed as well. This is in spite of the fact that anyone working in a school (including the students) knows who the best and worst teachers are, and don't need any rule to tell them. What I suspect is that half of the questions on the test came from the test bank, and half were original to the professor. Therefore, the cheaters can be detected as ones who got the first half nearly 100% correct, and the second half maybe 50% correct. I took accounting from a guy who used to be a used car salesman. He told me that most customers are focussed only on the monthly payment. They simply did not care what the price was, just that monthly payment. The original point of the .99 pricing is so that the cashier needs to open the cash register to make change, thereby producing a record of the transaction. It reduced theft by the cashiers. This site is hilarious. Every successful business idea I've had was met with derision by every respected professional I encountered. A safe system is one that has redundant subsystems, so the complete failure of any one subsystem does not cause the whole to fail. My Miele never worked right, the plumber couldn't fix it. Finally I had it ripped out and replaced with a Maytag. It was common sense in 1977, when the people I worked with were connecting their computers together. I don't find Steve Martin that funny. But I do enjoy his writings about his career. I know he works hard at his craft, and think he's a class act. Do people really believe that, in the Olympics for example, the winners don't have a genetic predisposition (i.e. talent) for the sport they won in? For one thing, it's obvious that certain sports favor certain body types. This was discussed when Michael Phelps won all those swimming medals - his body structure was particularly well suited for swimming. >Why is it that universities are left-leaning? My father taught free market economics at a small private college. His students would regularly comment to him that they'd never heard that stuff before, that they didn't even know there was a rationale behind free market economics. Stepanov's STL has inspired the design of ranges and algorithms in the D programming language standard library. http://www.digitalmars.com/d/2.0/phobos/std_algorithm.html After college, I have taken many classes and taught many classes. All of them involve the student paying the instructor to teach them something. If the student does not want to learn, he will not show up, let alone pay his own money to the teacher. If the teacher doesn't teach well, he won't get any paying students. There are no exams, and there is no cheating, because there is simply no point to either. Though there is homework. I hope he does become an attorney. The article confuses wealth with income. You can have a very high income, live high on the hog, and have zero wealth. Likewise, you can have a lot of wealth and zero income. I use a windup mechanical alarm clock for critical wakeups. I've had batteries fail on battery clocks, and the power go out on plugin clocks. The windup ones have never failed me. I make my living off of copyright. But I think the term should be 28 years, and it could be extended by the copyright holder for a few additional years at a fee of $5,000/year. I actually know one that is true. The Air Force back in the 60's brought some old piston engine transports back into service. The mechanics could not get the engines to deliver the power to spec, they read the manuals, and did everything they could think of, no dice. Finally, the AF hired some old mechanics out of retirement who used to work on them, and they promptly had them running to spec. Turns out there's a lot on how to tune them that was never written down. When I was at Caltech, a number of students were interested in Astronomy and majored in it. They were well aware, though, that the chances of getting a job in Astronomy were exceedingly small. So they did the sensible thing - double majored. One was AY and was for fun, the other they expected to be able to get a job in. Why Caltech rocks: "Its indifference to athletic performance is well reflected by the fact that its men's basketball team in recent years had a 207-game losing streak, its women's basketball team had a 50-game losing streak, and men's soccer team lost 201 games in a row." I attended Caltech in the 70's, and the article is accurate. I was told by older students that there had been efforts by outsiders to get the students to stage protests, but that the students had ignored them with "but I've got to get to class!" My SAT scores were lower than those cited in the article, but were average for my freshman class (750/640). I understand that there has been inflation in the SAT scoring system since. One thing not mentioned was Caltech's attitude towards students who were accepted. Once they were in, they were in. You could flunk and fail repeatedly, and Caltech was always ready to let you have another go, even a decade later. I know students who dropped out and were welcomed back a decade later to finish. I lucked out in going to Caltech. The way the college was run fit my attitudes completely. The administration always treated the students like sentient, responsible adults (even when we behaved badly) and by and large the students responded by acting like adults. For example, professors were not allowed to take attendance at lecture. The students could show up or not, their choice. Grades were determined by the midterm and final, which of course were given on the honor system. The students liked the system, and if you broke the honor system you were ostracized. Nobody cheated that I knew of the entire 4 years I was there. It's true that, at least in the engineering department, Caltech isn't that hands-on. But I learned the hands on at work at Boeing, and it was backed up by solid theoretical knowledge, which was lacking in a lot of the other engineers. So I think it's the better approach. We also had Carl Sagan once come by our dorm (Page) for dinner and conversation. I only realized years later what a treat that was. >it sounds like most of the Cal Tech freshmen have already wasted a few years getting ready for the SATs, making straight A grades, and taking AP courses. Sorry, guys, but that's a LOT of work, No, it isn't a lot of work. I never studied before going to Caltech. I never studied for the SAT. This was typical for incoming freshmen. The ones who had to study hard for SATs, etc., could not make it at Caltech, and frankly the admissions committee tried to not admit them. (It's Caltech, btw, not Cal Tech.) Of course academics are not the only thing. Caltech looked hard for people that were smart, motivated, and passionate about their interests. You wouldn't get admitted without all three. Keep in mind that Caltech is a very small school, smaller than a lot of high schools. They chose to focus on doing one thing very well, and they succeeded at it. For some types of people, very much including myself, it was a perfect fit for my personality and what I wanted to get out of college. If you're not one of those people, there are plenty of other excellent choices. An admissions officer at Caltech once told me they did look at applicants with poor grades and would overlook them if there was a good reason why the grades were poor and there was very strong evidence that the applicant was impressive anyway. For my own experience, I loved being around people smarter than me. I don't recall ever being bored at Caltech. >But, ugrad school is not supposed to be so challenging that determined students "could not make it". Some students will never make it there no matter how hard they work. If one had to take a "test prep" course to do well on the SATs, then realistically Caltech is not the right school for him. And I'd never be an olympic athlete, no matter how hard I tried. I'm in the Seattle area. The Caltech alum community here is pretty small :-( I read with bemusement the various articles and laments about rampant cheating in colleges. And yet this cheating was completely absent at Caltech. Even the failing students did not cheat, it never occurred to them. Perhaps that's also why I place no value on my piece of paper degree or GPA. I think it's moldering in the basement somewhere. What I value is the experience at Caltech and what I learned there. Reading the catalog of what classes I could take next semester was like picking which dessert you wanted at a banquet; the only regret was my stomach was only so large. Cheating would have gotten me nothing that I wanted. I also read about students complaining that their college courses aren't "relevant", who wonder what the point is, that they'll never use that knowledge, etc., then graduate and wonder why they can't get a job. It seems pretty obvious to me why they can't. Reminds me of when I got irritated at a long wait for my doctor's appointment. Dang it, I made an appointment! Finally the doc came out and apologized profusely for the delay, saying he had a patient come in with a life threatening allergic reaction. My irritation promptly vanished and I told the doc he had no need to apologize for doing what was right. Teleportation will never be possible. darn it, the ipod version of that app won't do barcodes. >> This website's music is great - turn it up! > Definitely. No one has ever said that, ever, in the history of the web. Only if it's Freedom Rock, man! The CEO is also the top salesman of the company. In many companies, the CEO doesn't actually run the company - he's the face of the company and goes out doing sales. That can be incredibly important. I think there's little doubt that Jobs is the top salesman of Apple. I'd love to see what happens when dogs are bred for intelligence, rather than those other silly things people breed them for. Krugman doesn't realize that the economic success of America (and other countries) has all depended on producting more output with less labor input - i.e., increasing productivity. That is what has enabled us to move beyond an economy where 97% of the workers worked on the farm raising food. That's down to something like 2% now. The rest of us can now do other things like make cars, computers, and software. I based my comment on this Krugman quote: "Consider: A corporate leader who increases profits by slashing his work force is thought to be successful. Well, that’s more or less what has happened in America recently: employment is way down, but profits are hitting new records. Who, exactly, considers this economic success?" I bought an early Minidisk player (still have it), and you could record with it using ordinary line in RCA jacks. A microphone was not necessary. As a replacement for a cassette deck, it beat the pants off of it. Sadly, the copy protection on the disks (it wouldn't even let you do a bit copy of your own disk recordings) killed it. I agree. It's a sad case of what-might-have-been. The real problem is the high cost of health care. This article argues persuasively that it's government interference in the sector that has caused the enormous costs: http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2009/09/how-amer... Holding interest rates artificially low, and very favorable tax treatment for real estate investments and gains, clearly added a lot of air to the bubble. A lot of your day to day activities can involve negotiating. For example, taking your car in for service/repair? Negotiate the price. Buying tires? Negotiate the price. Booking a hotel room? Negotiate. Doctor visit? Negotiate the fee. Heck, even a department store will often negotiate if you're nice. I had the same thought. I think Watson would make a fabulous resource for medical diagnoses. It also shouldn't just give the "answer", but the top 10 or so matches along with their probabilities. I'm sad they didn't use HAL's voice for it. Talk's cheap if you're not faced with such a choice. At Caltech, the homework was 0% of the grade, the final and midterm exams comprised 100%. That was the school policy. You didn't have to show up at all to class or do any of the homework, and could still get an A, and many students did just that. I tried that, though, it didn't work for me :-) In order to pass the exams I discovered I needed to attend all the lectures, do all the homework, and make sure I understood all the homework problems and solutions. Caltech had a famous EE lab class. At the beginning, you wrote a spec for the project you would design and build. The spec had to be approved by the prof. At the end of the term, you handed in your project. If it met the spec, you got an A, if it didn't, you got an F. No excuses were accepted. Back when I entered Caltech, someone mentioned what Feynman's salary was. (Feynman was a prof at Caltech.) I stupidly said I thought his salary was outrageously high. I was pointedly told that Feynman was worth far more than his salary simply to have his name listed as being on the staff (bringing interest, credibility, and donations to Caltech). And, of course, Feynman being Feynman he did infinitely more than just have his name on the roster. Only his tragic demise was able to stop him. Any company would be out of their freakin' minds to pass up any opportunity to hire Feynman. I'd "interview" him for the opportunity to spend an hour with him, not that there's any chance in hell I'd say "no hire". As for his position and job at the company, who cares. Whatever he wants. It reminds me of a story my dad told me. His secretary complained to him that "garbagemen make more than me." He suggested that she quit and get a job hauling garbage. Her answer? "No way, that's a dirty, disgusting job." Here's why it's broken. It's a long read, but worth it. The reasons are not what you'd expect, and not what you usually hear. http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2009/09/how-amer... "For fun, let’s imagine confiscating all the profits of all the famously greedy health-insurance companies. That would pay for four days of health care for all Americans." http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2009/09/how-amer... Insurance company profits are not the problem. The Romans did not have the printing press. The press produced a sharp exponential increase in technological progress. Without the press, the spread of new ideas and techniques is extremely slow, and there isn't much cross-pollination of technologies. Worse, an awful lot gets forgotten. Printing supported not only governments, but revolutions. I have a hard time believing the American Revolution could remotely have happened without the printing press. Consider the modern parallel of the Egyptian Revolution being enabled by Facebook. Your last point is the main one. Juries seem to convict based on a preponderance of evidence, not proof beyond reasonable doubt. I would also argue that if the only evidence is a single eyewitness' testimony, that is not proof beyond reasonable doubt. It's true, in trying to come up with a presentation on C++, it's really hard to find anything new to say. Converting static array references to pointers when passing them as a function parameter. The whole array/pointer conflation. C's struct "tag name space". Trigraphs and \ line splicing. Replace #include with symbolic import. I always give an answer given to me by a used car salesman. Those who don't understand math can and will get rooked for $$$$ by those who sell them financing. I carry a phone that'll tell me the time. But I wear a wristwatch because I can tell the time at a glance. I don't have to dig in my pocket for the phone, open it, and peer at it. I can tell the time while driving, my watch is right there. I can tell the time while jogging without having a phone flapping around in my pocket. I can check the time when my hands are carrying things. I can unobtrusively check the time. I can read the big face with hands on a watch faster than I can read the numerals off of the rather busy face of my phone. The battery on my watch dies once a year. It dies every other day on my phone. I don't have to remember to charge my phone. I.e. my phone tells the time, but it's a lousy watch. I'm old, too, and stuck in my ways. So there! I have a self-winding watch in a drawer. I abandoned it because it wasn't accurate. I had to reset the time every day. I love the cheap quartz watch I have. Big face, big hands, can tell the time without my glasses on, incredibly accurate, $20, with a button for a backlight. Talent is worth about 1%. The other 99% is effort. It only gets worse. Oh, for the good old days when the only movies Hollywood made were westerns, cop shows, and slasher films. The percentage of good movies coming out of Hollywood has always been low. This idea that there was a mythical time when movies were great is nonsense. The problem is, we tend to only remember the handful of great movies made back when. Nobody recalls the acres of dreck. The other issue that Hollywood can't recognize a hit in the making was always true. Nobody ever thought Casablanca would be anything other than a throwaway time filler. Star Wars was a completely unanticipated hit, even by the people who made it. Etc. The industries in the US that are in the deepest trouble are: 1. financial 2. health care 3. education Is it a coincidence that they are the ones with the heaviest regulation and government involvement? Contrast that with the computer industry, which is pretty much unregulated. We have fantastic innovation, progress, price reductions, etc. What annoys me is I cannot copy files from my PC to the iPod. "Perhaps more now than ever, the point of the college experience is to have a good time and walk away with a valuable credential after putting in the least effort possible." And then they wonder why a college degree is not a ticket to a good job. Do I have to upload the file to dropbox.com in order to see it on my ipod? That doesn't work for me, as I wish to transfer files to my ipod that are hundreds of megabytes. I can copy files off of the ipod via the USB, but not on. I know lots of people who started their own companies in fields that have nothing to do with technology, investment banking, etc. Most of them are doing well. Look around you - there are businesses everywhere. All started by someone. Heck, the woman down the street started a barber shop in an empty slot in a local strip mall. One of the most effective things you can do when building a house to save your own life and property is to install a fire sprinkler system. I've done some renovation work on old buildings. I recommend removing ALL of the old wire. There's nothing like looking at a shabby old wire and wondering if it is hot or not. Even worse, sometimes an idiot will try to reconnect that old wire, yes, I've seen them try it. Rip all of it out. Somalia is the antithesis of a libertarian country. A libertarian ideal country requires the protection and guarantee of individual rights. Never mentioned is the fact that the government had a fixed exchange rate for gold, yet was inflating the dollar from 1914 on. By 1929, the dollar had nearly halved in value, yet there was the same exchange rate for gold. What this essentially means is you could double your money by exchanging cash for bullion. This precipitated a run on exchanging dollars for gold, a run that continued to collapse banks until FDR suspended exchanging dollars for gold. Please don't. I typed in the examples from the paper and tried them out with the Digital Mars C compiler. They all passed, as well as http://blog.regehr.org/archives/482 . I hope the authors will try to break dmc with their test suite generator, and look forward to fixing any issues they find. Copyright holders should be obliged to register their works after 10 years and every 10 years thereafter or so. The list of the registrations should be publicly accessible on the internet. If they can't be bothered to do it, the works should slip into the public domain. And I speak as someone who makes his living from copyrighted works. That's funny, in 1982 that's exactly what I did for a job interview - I brought in a listing of source code to show what I could do. I found out later that that's why I was offered the job. The argument that this isn't fair to many programmers has also been going on at least for the last 30 years. Fair or not, it helps a lot in convincing an employer you're worth hiring. The way to deal with it is to allow legal consenting adults to take any drugs they want to - provided they sign a contract saying they understand the drug is not approved by the FDA. But if a drug is approved by the FDA, then the drug company is inured against liability for that drug. If you've got a chronic/debilitating/painful illness, as long as you're not about to drop dead, no soup for you? I can't see how that is a compassionate, just, or rational policy. I would think everyone would know this by now, but amazingly they don't. I remember long ago interviewing a fellow. I asked him why he wanted to work for my employer. He answered that he wanted someone to pay for his move to Seattle where he could go skiing. People can be astonishingly dumb sometimes. Yes, and I did and still do many astonishingly dumb things. I'm sorry, I can't do that, Dave. There are a lot of parallels with airliner design. From reading articles about the nuke plant design, I think they could learn a lot from aviation engineers about how to build safe systems. Back in the olden daze, I was taught in college with nothing more than a prof and a blackboard, and I took notes. It works fine. I learned a helluva lot in a very short time. The thing is, it takes work to learn something. You have to make an effort. Labor saving machinery doesn't help any more than using a motorcycle to train for a marathon. As they say in athletics, no pain = no gain. I try wearing a dress shirt now and then, but if the building temperature isn't lowered a few degrees, I just perspire in them all day. With a t-shirt, I don't. At Caltech, we had an honor system. Proctoring of exams was not allowed. Most exams were take home, even though they had strict time limits (normally 3 hours). Once you opened the test, you had 3 hours to finish it, but since you were in your dorm room it was entirely and deliberately left up to your integrity. Tests were typically open book and open note. Some other characteristics: 1. Professors were not allowed to take attendance or base any part of the grade on attendance. 2. Homework was graded, but that grade had no influence on the course grade. Students were encouraged to use any resource, collaberation, etc., to understand and do the homework correctly. 3. Grades were based on exam scores. Policy was that if you could pass the exams, you got credit for the course even if you never showed up for class. In essence, the university treated us like adults. They provided an opportunity to get a first class education, and if you didn't take full advantage of that, that was your problem. The students liked this state of affairs immensely, and if you did cheat (and thereby threaten the honor system) you would be ostracized. Peer pressure can be extremely effective. I don't know anyone who cheated. For example, I know one student who, 1 hour into a 3 hour exam, fell asleep. He woke up a couple hours later, and finished the exam anyway. But he told the professor what had happened, and the professor was very sorry but he had to fail the student. The student was not angry about this, he blamed himself and took responsibility. I've seen very, very few people able to learn calculus outside of a school system. Most will just go to elaborate lengths to avoid using calculus and justify why they don't need to learn it. High school calculus barely scratches the surface of what calculus is, though to be sure, I've only personally encountered one person who got that far with calculus without school. They guessed at the answer (these are people doing mechanical and electronic designs). They'd test the design, and it would not work. They'd guess again, test, did not work. Quite a bit of time and money would be wasted, whereas some calculus would give them values for their components that would work the first time. I've also seen people look up formulas in a book, and misapply them with no understanding. The formulas are understandable if you know calculus, but these people would get answers that didn't work and would just be befuddled. Because I'd have to reinstall my OS from scratch, then all my apps, etc. It's a full day of work. I read long ago that the Spitfire cost (in terms of labor hours) twice as much to produce as the Me-109, although the two airplanes had a rough parity in combat. I saw a late model on fly when I was a kid. I got a ride in the back seat of a P-51 a few years ago. That was a totally awesome experience. I was given a parachute, and told by the pilot "if you see me climbing out, you'd better get out, too." I have an ipod, but unfortunately the camera isn't good enough to make legible text from an 8.5*11 sheet. The Lysenko affair in the old Soviet Union shows that scientific fallacies can be strongly promoted for reasons unrelated to profit. The D programming language has strong support for RAII, and of course has Andrei's range based algorithms library, which in my not-so-humble opinion is superior to the STL. I'd like to see someone make a knife without using any modern technology precursors whatsoever. That means starting from using ones hands and what is available from nature in its natural form. I think it'd be quite an accomplishment. I'd love it if Amazon offered me a discount on kindle versions of hard books I've already bought from Amazon. I'd like to clear out the thousands of pounds of books I have and just keep the digital versions. I'd even promise that the books go to the recyclers, not on the used market. We may see a crash in the salaries paid to actors and directors. If you do decide you want to work on compiler optimization, the D programming language compiler could use your help in improving its optimizations. https://github.com/D-Programming-Language/dmd They didn't work out so well for the poor, either. CroMagnons vs Neanderthals ... http://www.themandus.org/ To be fair, the men who give good presentations are also booked solid. I've bought several LED bulbs to try them out. The number one problem is they are about half as bright as necessary, so you need twice as many bulbs. But if you've got existing fixtures, there aren't twice as many sockets for the bulbs. The second problem is you cannot install them in enclosed fixtures - because they'll overheat and fail. They can only be installed in open air fixtures. These two issues pretty severely limit where they can be used. I have a friend who knows Courtney. He says that people routinely underestimate her - she's very smart. Varargs for the X86_64 is most definitely baked into the compiler, and impossible to do library only. There's nothing in an engineering program that teaches one about sales, marketing, accounting, inventory management, etc. It wasn't half farmers, it was like 95% farmers. And despite nearly everyone engaged in food production, people were only one bad year away from mass starvation. Around here a major project had to be shut down simply because the contractor could not find enough welders to do the work. >As a student who did not cheat, worked very hard, and still received a relatively low grade in your class, there’s nothing more infuriating. I have no idea if you were graded fairly or not, I just wish to point out that grades should be based on results, not how hard one worked. You can put any name on a sign, too, but if that sign contains a trademarked name, you can have action taken against you. I don't think TLDs are special in allowing trademark infringement. >A much better take would be an examination of why our education system churns out so many college grads with few marketable skills. Queue the recent discussion about rampant cheating in college. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2774254 This implies that physics PhDs are interchangeable. I believe this particular usage of queue is correct english. You can see it on the TV show "So You Think You Can Dance" where Nigel will often say "queue music" meaning "start the music." 'Queue' is not quite a direct replacement for 'see', there is an additional nuance that what follows it is obvious or inevitable, which is why I used it. I also understand that many HN readers are not native English speakers, and have varying levels of mastery of the language. I would also agree that obscure usage of high falutin' words for the purpose of peacocking is annoying. But using them to add color and nuance is appropriate. Ah, I see. I misspelled cue as queue. That was a mistake. I erroneously thought the original comment meant I should have used the word "see". I stand corrected. Doing pushups should be balanced with pullups. If one was to do just one exercise for a brief amount of time, jumping jacks should do the trick. I like doing a brief mid-afternoon nap. It'll keep me productive well into the evening. Unfortunately, this is incompatible with the American work style. >there is a lot of interesting exploration and science that NASA could continue to do that no profit incentive exists for (deep space probes, space telescopes, etc.), A lot of the historical "voyages of discovery" were financed by rich people looking for glory, newspapers looking for exclusive stories, and companies looking for good PR. Hackers have been complaining about that since at least the mid-seventies. Yes, I was there. Yes, please. >Another candidate could be IBM's choice of Bill Gates over Gary Kildall to supply the operating system for its personal computer. The damage from this decision is still accumulating at breakneck speed, with StuxNet and the OOXML perversion of the ISO standardization process being exemplary bookends for how far and wide the damage spreads. First off, IBM did put CPM/86 on the PC and sell it. Many people bought it. We had it at work. The reason CPM/86 failed relative to PC-DOS was simple - CPM/86 cost nearly $300 and PC-DOS cost $40. There wasn't anything discernably better about CPM/86 at the time, either its programming API or its user interface, and people did the sensible thing and bought the less expensive operating system. It was a no-brainer. As to the idea that CPM/86 was somehow a secure operating system, I haven't heard that before. It's patently false. What killed CPM/86, plain and simple, is it was way, way overpriced. I have no idea who made that decision. DEC also used periods to separate filename from extension. People forget that CPM's conventions (which were copied by CPM/86 and PC-DOS) were copied from DEC conventions. DEC operating systems were very, very popular at the time. C's biggest mistake: http://drdobbs.com/blogs/cpp/228701625 The police can also look for someone with a motive to kill you, and filter that by who might have the hacking expertise. Do a search of this guy's premises for such a transmitter or equipment to build it, and you have a prime suspect. One partial solution would be to reduce the term of patents. B. Reduce the term of patents to, say, 5 years instead of 20. Breakthroughs usually come from unexpected sources that are not in the mainstream thought. Mainstream funding will only fund mainstream thought. The D programming language has a number of features that are strongly oriented towards being able to deal with very large code bases: 1. checkable function purity 2. checkable transitive immutability 3. code can be divided into checkably memory safe code and unsafe code 4. anti-hijacking enforcement 5. modules with closed name spaces 6. memory is thread local by default (shared memory is typed differently) 7. look for non-null pointers in the near future Clarke also foresaw the ipod in his book "Imperial Earth" (calling it a minisec). My ancient Dell laptop has a "slide to unlock" mechanical catch on it, and seen such catches on old storage boxes, etc. I fail to see how making a soft analog of it constitutes non-obvious innovation. Technical people struggle in sales most likely because technical training is not sales training. Sales is a learned and highly skilled occupation. Read a good book on sales, like one by Zig Ziglar. Effective sales is not at all about lying to customers. The best sales professionals rely on repeat sales, and you don't get repeat sales by lying to your customers. I have a technical degree, and it includes zero sales training. Even born salesmen need practice and training. BTW, when Boeing sells airplanes it sends out its top engineers. Engineers with sales training make darn good salesmen for highly technical products, and there's no way in hail you're going to sell an airplane to an airline by lying to them. Being salesy is what bad, incompetent salesmen do. Not a problem for me, I always take the stairs! I find it easier to write a parser by hand than use a parser generator. For most languages (C++ is a notable exception) writing a lexer & parser is a weekend job, and is far and away the easiest part. Just lexing C++ is a major project, because of the 'phases of translation', the preprocessor, the preprocessor tokens, etc., and then trying to make it fast. Looks like a valuable and useful book, but it really needs to be in Kindle (or other ebook) format. PDF files are not suited to reading on an ebook device. chisel hole punch lever prybar stethoscope electrical bus bar electrical probe paint stirrer scraper hammer engraving tool depth gauge compass And yes, I've used screwdrivers for all those purposes. I'd try loading people without carryons first, as the carryon stowage is what keeps blocking the aisle. I participated in an FAA cert airline evacuation test once. Only participants who'd never gone down the slide before were allowed, and only one take was allowed. (yeah, we passed!) In Imperial Earth, Clarke's minisec pretty much describes the ipad. I've had an HP-16c for 20+ years. Bought it new. I've been a programmer all that time, and probably used it about a dozen times. Unless you're a collector, there is no point to it. Parents with one kid believe it's nurture, parents with 2 or more know it's nature. About a year ago, I needed to get some data off some old PDP-11 8" diskettes. Fortunately, an old friend had an LSI-11 in his closet with the disk drive. He hadn't run it in years, but it fired right up, and the disks read perfectly, and he sent me the images. Whew! (thank you, Cheshire Engineering!) My PDP-10 software, unfortunately, was gone for good. It was all on a magtape, and the drive that wrote it was way out of spec and the tapes were unreadable on any other drive. (sob) >Henry Ford allegedly paid well and understood that he needed to create a market for what he made, Ford paid well because that was the only way he could attract workers to do the relatively boring assembly line work. The idea of paying people to buy your products is simply not a viable business plan. Ford created the market by making the cars cheap so ordinary folks could afford them. Huh, I've been using an "algorithm" for 30 years. I noticed on the freeway that when traffic slows in front, drivers overreact and brake more than necessary. This causes the driver behind to also brake more than necessary, eventually slowing traffic to a complete stop. The point where traffic stops then flows backwards along the freeway like a wave. You can see this if you have a long view of the freeway ahead. So what I'd do is slow down in advance of the wave reaching me, and try to time it so that the traffic starts moving again before I reach the stoppage. Many times, I've been able to stop the wave from progressing by doing this. I'd hate to use such a system in the rain. The road is worn down (i.e. is lower) where the tires usually run. That means the pavement is drier if you drive on a "rain line" that is slightly offset from the usual line. This is often enough to keep the car from hydroplaning. To me, dvd+streaming is worth more combined than separate. I guess Netflix will find that out. Without the DVDs, Netflix is just another streaming company with little to differentiate it. There will no longer be any barriers for me to switch to another streaming service, like Amazon. 80% of what I want to see is DVD only. It is far, far too soon to dump that - I'd dump the streaming first. The local video store owner around here told me when it closed that it was netflix that did her store in. For me, it most definitely is the large catalog size, easily 10x the streaming size. Netflix is wrecking the huge advantage they have. Now it will be just another streaming company. Netflix has leveled the advantage it had, opening up huge opportunity for competitors. I have a hard time believing today how much code I wrote years ago on a 24*80 tty. >And one of the causes is surely automation. People have been saying that since the first mechanised loom machines appeared 200 years ago. >I haven't seen a stated resolution Right from Amazon's page on the Kindle Fire: 7" multi-touch display with IPS (in-plane switching) technology and anti-reflective treatment, 1024 x 600 pixel resolution at 169 ppi, 16 million colors. Not hard to find. > I bought a $29.99 Kindle Fire Zip Sleeve I use a used bubble wrap mailing envelope. It fits the Kindle perfectly, protects the Kindle very well, costs $0.00, and it doesn't scream "steal me". The idea is to regulate business out of existence, then declare capitalism to be a failure. > The effect of the train weight on track wear is minimal as it's the unsprung mass of the train (essentially the wheels, axles, traction motors and brakes) that is proportional to wear, not the static train weight. I find this hard to accept. Just because there's a spring doesn't mean the weight isn't there, bearing down on the wheels, deforming the wheel and the track. Stand next to a train as it goes by, you can feel the ground move. All that bending/unbending of the track and bed contributes to fatigue damage, and fatigue damage goes up as the cube of the load. I have an ipod touch and I ordered a kindle fire because: 1. I want the larger screen. The ipod's is too small for comfortable reading. 2. I want to be able to transfer books to the device without having to go through itunes. Isn't it mysterious that I can copy pictures from the ipod using a usb cable, but cannot copy anything to it? 3. I'm hoping Fire's browser will be able to see shared files on my LAN. Safari on the ipod mysteriously won't, although Safari on the Mac will. This limitation severely limits the usefulness of the ipod, as it cannot see my local shared books, pictures, or music. I have an older Kindle, which I like very much, but it won't see shared files either. But at least they labeled it's browser as "experimental", so I had no expectations. And I can transfer books to it via usb from my desktop without needing to install anything on the desktop. Don't get me wrong, I like the ipod a lot. But I want a fire, too [stamps feet]. I appreciate the detailed reply. I am talking about the dynamic load. A moving train generates a standing wave that is a function of the train's weight and its speed. I don't see how adding a spring changes that. This standing wave bends the track and the bed, resulting in fatigue damage. I know about the standing wave because in the early days of trains, there were problems because the standing wave propagated at speeds the locomotives were able to reach, and this resulted in mysterious destruction of the tracks and a derailment. (The solution was to stiffen the tracks so the wave propagated faster than the locomotive.) Feeling the ground move down as the wheel trucks pass is dynamic, yes, but it is not vibration, as its "frequency" would be the rate at which the wheels passed by, and its amplitude would be proportional to the static weight. Furthermore, there will be more localized bending as the wheels and track must deform so the contact area is enlarged to support the entire weight. (Assuming the same elasticity of the track steel.) This local deformation is going to produce cracking and wear of the surface of the rails. I'd really like an explanation of how, if you push down on the track at a point, you are not bending the track down at that point, sprung or not. Move that point along the track, and you create a standing wave, sprung or not. The amplitude of that wave will be proportional to the total weight. I used to regularly get headaches on Sundays. I thought it was from sleeping in. I eventually figured out it was because I drank coffee at work, and not on weekends, and it was a weekly caffeine withdrawal effect. Not every C++ feature at all. It does aim to include support for modern paradigms, whether or not C++ supports them. I wish the Kindle (and ipad) could browse the shared file directories on my LAN. This is a glaring and inexplicable deficiency. I don't mind the ads, as they get out of the way when I read. Targetted ads can be very useful, for example, when I buy a hotrod magazine I buy it for the ads. However, the current Kindle ads are not targetted at all, none of them seem to have any relationship to things I do buy on Amazon. The thing about raising capital gains tax rates is that it will reduce the efficient flow of capital from lower performing investments to higher performing ones. Let's say I am invested in stock A, rate of return is (a). Stock B looks like a better investment, returning (b). I have some gains in A (ag); if I sell A to reinvest in B, I pay capital gains tax (t) on the gain, reducing my investment in B by the same amount. It is only worthwhile to make the switch if I make enough more in B to cover the loss in capital that was taxed away. In mathematical terms, (A + ag) * (1 + a)^n The larger t is, the higher b has to be to compensate for it, or the larger the number of years (n) have to be. This is the reason why people invest in unproductive tax shelters - the tax rates make them financially better investments, although they are worse for the economy. One thing Reagan did was eliminate many tax shelters in exchange for lowering the marginal rates, this had the economically productive effect of shifting capital out of tax shelters into more productive endeavors. The general principle is that taxing A will cause there to be less of A, and subsidizing B will cause there to be more of B. Why not harness this principle? What do we want less of? Can we agree that we all want less pollution? How about putting a tax on pollution? There's not much point in having a tax on capital gains at all if an insignificant number of investors would have taxable capital gains. Mine was 6Mb. I had to build my own interface card and I/O driver for it (for my Heathkit H11). And it was still enormously useful over those floppies. "pure" in D causes the compiler to disallow, within that function, writes or reads from global mutable data. This inevitably follows from the principle that if you pass the same arguments to a pure function, you'll get the same result returned. A pure function is still allowed to allocate memory, though, and throw an exception. You'd think a thermostat should be a trivial device. But you'd be amazed at the complexity people come up with for thermostats, including hundred page manuals, etc., and no way to turn the heat off. Any ui with a "mode" button is inevitably a disaster. At Caltech, the usual rule was 2 hours of study per hour of class. Sometimes it was a lot more than that :-) I've thrown away many watches and clocks with 'mode' buttons after losing its instruction manual. I've ordered a kindle fire, and Amazon has not yet charged my credit card. So I don't see how they could book the revenue yet. If you make a billion dollars in a free market economy, you have also created a billion dollars in value for others. The reason I mentioned "free market" was to not consider gaining money through theft, fraud, extortion, blackmail, etc. In a free market economy, one creates value and then exchanges that value for money. This means that in order for one person to get wealthy, it is not necessary for them to drain wealth from others. Equal value is exchanged. In other words, one gets wealthy by making the pie bigger, not taking other peoples' pie. Hedge funds provide value in 1) providing liquidity and 2) more accurately setting prices. People who engage in gambling, such as on horses, do so voluntarily. This means that they believe they are getting value for their money blown, even if you don't see the point in gambling yourself. A lot of gamblers find gambling to be highly entertaining, even when losing. Personally, I find it dull. I used to write my own numerical routines to analyze airplane part designs. Sure, modeling errors were a constant problem, as were floating point approximation errors. I've seen the latter cause result errors that were off by more than an order of magnitude. The solution to detecting and dealing with these kinds of errors was to: 1. Use common sense. The analysis was usually done to tune a design that "good engineering judgment" had already given a first approximation to. If your analysis was significantly off, you made a mistake somewhere. Good engineers always check the numbers to see if they look "wrong". 2. Compare the results with the output of using an alternate method (I was doing this at the time Boeing was just starting the transition to computer aided engineering, so it was easy to compare the results with the old ways). 3. Plug the outputs into the inverse algorithm, and you should be able to reproduce the inputs. 4. Compare the outputs against known boundary conditions. For example, you know that the sin(pi)=0, so your algorithm for sin() should reproduce that. 5. And lastly, build a prototype in the machine shop and test it. It helps by reframing the question. Instead of asking people what they want, ask them what kinds of problems are they having with their existing solution. Often, they will tell you solutions, and you'll need to work backwards a bit till you discover what their pain points are. Once you thoroughly understand the problems they're having, you have a much better shot at crafting a great solution. It doesn't show up in the App store for my ipod. On the other hand, when you get a Kindle in the mail you don't have to connect it to a computer with iTunes on it to get it to work. I can also load books from my computer onto the Kindle using drag-and-drop without needing iTunes (or any Amazon software) installed. Update: it does now. But iTunes is required to update my ipod to iOS 5 :-) I've never been able to get large pdf's onto my ipod without itunes. Can't email them because they're too big, and the ipod cannot browse local shared directories. Me too. The Kindle is optimized for reading books, and it does that very well. I'm satisfied with it. I bought one of the early Amigas. They used commodity hardware, but would alter the connector so you had to buy it from them. No thanks. I never understood what was wrong with bundling the browser with the OS. Every OS comes with a bundled browser, including Ubuntu, FreeBSD, OS X, the iPod, the Kindle, darn near everything. I'm annoyed that there's no bundled browser in my Roku box. Go all the way and everyone switch to GMT! As a Kindle Direct Publisher myself, my problem with the Lending Library is they have excluded KDP books from it. I want my books in the Lending Library! >Your major doesn't restrict what you can do later in life. Up to a point. Few people are able to learn advanced math on their own, and if you pick a major that avoids math classes, you'll be restricted from any job that requires it. It's a mystery to me why school textbooks are not a solved problem, after 100 years and tens of thousands of schools. >If you're creating value, the wealth society has given you is probably a bargain for society If you're creating value, you're creating it, it isn't being given to you (nor is it being taken from someone else). For example, if I (as a great painter!) take $5 worth of art supplies and create a painting worth $1,000,000, I have gained a million dollars in wealth without taking it from society. In a free market, people can and do create great wealth without deleting someone else's wealth. >I've always thought that you got ahead by hard work, One gets ahead by providing things of value that others are willing to pay for. You can work hard at digging a hole and filling it back in again, but since that has no value for others, you won't get ahead no matter how hard you work at that. You can also work very little and get ahead if you are very good at creating things others value. I.e. hard work is neither necessary nor sufficient in order to get ahead. It's being able to provide something that others value that matters. I don't believe the conventional wisdom that the stockholder only cares about short term gains. I see, over and over, share prices punished because the stockholders do not see the company doing well long term, and vice versa. I don't think Einstein was a tweaker. His theories came completely out of left field. Until there's password protection for the "buy now" buttons on the Kindle, there's no way I'd let a kid borrow mine. Sam Peltzman's book "Regulation of Pharmaceutical Innovation" makes a statistical case that the FDA's "safe and effective" mandate has cost more lives than it has saved. From the back cover: "The 1962 Amendments by Sam Peltzman concludes that the 1962 ("proof of efficacy") amendments to the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act of 1938 (1) have cut the number of new drugs (new chemical entities) brought to the market each year by half with no corresponding reduction in inefficacious drugs, (2) have doubled the costs of drug development, (3) have have increased drug prices by reducing competition among drugs (so that the sick pay $50 million more each year for drugs), and (4) have imposed substantial net social costs from death and illnesses that could have been prevented if the development of new drugs had not been hampered by the amendments. These conclusions are reached despite the fact that Professor Peltzman has assumed for the amendments benefits that cannot be proven and may not have taken place." The first flying jet aircraft was before WW2, the Heinkel He178 on August 27, 1939. The first freeway network was in Germany before WW2. Before the internet gained popularity, about everyone with more than one computer tried to connect them together. There were quite a proliferation of networks before the internet subsumed them all (after all, even the term "inter" net was derived from connecting disparate networks together, not computers). There was BIX, FidoNet, Compuserve, Prodigy, MCINet, just to name a few off the top of my head. Some students at Caltech in the 70's built their own ad-hoc network when I was there. While the other networks have all been forgotten today, to suggest that without the ARPAnet networks wouldn't have happened is without foundation. 1. Heinkel's jet airplane development was not funded by the government, as the Nazi government saw no military purpose to jet aircraft. They only got interested after it was flying. 2. Both the German autobahn system and the US interstates were partially justified by military use, and both were done in peacetime. 3. Computer networking did happen independently from the ARPAnet, and it did cover the entire country, both with dedicated lines and piggybacking over the phone lines. All the networks I mentioned were national (and even international) in reach. Everyone with more than one computer wanted to connect them together. That is not the thesis of Peltzman's book. Peltzman compares pharmaceutical innovation before the 1962 FDA amendments with after in the US, not with nazi germany. I should add that in Great Britain as well, the government did not begin funding of jet engines nor jet aircraft until after government officials saw flying jet aircraft. In America during WW2, the government told Lockheed to halt their dev work on jet engines and concentrate on piston engines. Flying jet aircraft (from GB and Germany) again changed their mind. The jet powered Heinkel was built with Ernst Heinkel's private funds, not government funds. Of course Heinkel wanted to sell the jet to the government. But the fact remains that jet engines and jet aircraft were not developed with government research & development contract money. Neither the US, British, nor German governments wanted anything to do with funding jet research until they saw flying jet airplanes. Jet aircraft are a poor example of foresighted government research. The thing about computer programming is it is unforgiving - your program works or it doesn't. You cannot talk it, fool it, force it, etc., into working. Learning programming forces a certain reality check into your learning that is absent from many other disciplines. I was always a Bright kid. The way to get over fear of something is to do it, again and again. The fear will go away. Put yourself in situations where you can negotiate - start with going to garage sales and negotiate the price of something. It's like the cure for paralyzing fear of public speaking - start doing it. The fear will pass, guaranteed. I thought this was settled when the first PC clone BIOS was written using "clean room" techniques. What I find amusing is all the modern schemes to try to communicate with one button (such as you see on a cell phone), whereas morse code does the job very well. The neato things about morse: 1. you can key in the message without needing to look at the phone display 2. disabled people enter it efficiently if all they can do is tap (it just kills me to see them, like in Breaking Bad, using a bell while an aide moves a finger along an alphabet board) 3. one doesn't need to read morse code, a computer can ably decode it >And for the average investor, next quarter's earnings are much more important than earnings in 2015. I hear this all the time, and it's just not true. I see stock moves all the time based on the prospects for distant future earnings - Amazon is a prime example. So is any stock with a high P/E. I bought the Kindle DX and was actually disappointed that it didn't serve ads. Instead, it puts ugly pictures of dead authors as the screensaver. Investor sentiment is accurately reflected in the stock price. If investors were incorrectly letting short term thinking dominate their buy/sell activity, then a long term investor should be able to make higher-than-market investment returns by betting against those incorrect short term thinkers. I don't see this happening, hence I don't buy the idea that investor sentiment is incorrectly biased towards short term thinking. Consider Amazon again - its stock zoomed for many years after its IPO and despite losing vast sums every quarter and many predictions that it would never climb out of those losses. Obviously, investors were pricing the stock based on a very long term outlook (and were amply rewarded for their prescience). I see this worry about the historical record disappearing, and think it is misplaced. We have plenty of knowledge of civilization from hundreds of years ago, despite a near total lack of written records at the time. And frankly, it's probably a good thing that a lot of records disappear. How many books about WW2 can you read? Is it remotely useful to keep all the accounting records of every company for future generations? There's a lot of angst about half of the silent movies having disappeared, but let's be honest - most of the silent movies were trash churned out for a quick buck. I bought the DX in order to read PDFs on it. No conversion is necessary - just attach a USB cable and drag-n-drop the PDFs to it. The page switch time is fine. The only real downside is you can't "flip" through the pages. Reading a book sequentially works fine, any other way is a pain. I got the DX at the $250 special Amazon had for it last Monday. The price is back to $379. >"The California Institute of Technology, a private school that chooses not to consider race, is about one-third Asian." When I attended Caltech in the 70's, I can vouch for them not considering race. They would go out and encourage underrepresented groups to apply, but to the admissions committee race was explicitly irrelevant. Caltech has a very adult and enlightened attitude about the way they treat their students, the race thing is just a part of that. What I find interesting is that the subtitles on DVDs, like "Deadwood" circa 2007 use a blocky font that looks like it was taken from a 1983 PC CGA card. Closed Captioning fonts are hardly better. The reason for accidents is usually an unanticipated combination of events. Unanticipated means an autopilot will not have been programmed to handle it. There are many, many aviation disasters that were avoided because the pilot got creative. I can confirm this. I was involved in an incident once. The TV news reporters all came out and covered it. That evening, I watched the reports on the same event from 3 channels. They all got the basic facts 100% wrong, and each channel had a different set of those wrong facts. It wasn't even an issue of bias, or making the story more compelling. It was simply slap-dash, string any-old list of crap together, run it, and move on to the next item. It was an eye-opening experience for me. One possibility is that if you're in an accident, and it can be proven you were on the cell phone at the time, that the presumption will be that you're at fault for the accident. Even more, your insurance would not be on the hook for any claims. This should be a fair discouragement for the practice. Jobs certainly wound up maximizing shareholder value. Maybe the shareholders aren't so easily fooled. Take a look at the P/E values for various companies. Ones with a high P/E are clearly those where the shareholders believe there is long term growth in the profits, and are willing to forego current profits to get it. I really do not buy into the popular idea that shareholders are only interested in short term results. If that were true, then marginally smarter investors would regularly make themselves huge fortunes by buying undervalued stocks. I have a Fire and like it a lot. I use it every day for reading books in low light conditions. I'd buy it again tomorrow. Now with HD and home digital projectors, I've lost all interest in going to the theater. Watching a 2 hour movie at home takes, 2 hours. Watching one in a theater is 4 hours (getting ready to go, going there, waiting in line, waiting for it to start, sitting through the ads, going home), and going there with a group cost $$$$. Besides, having "movie night" with friends at home is so much more fun. You can drink beer and make loud, snarky remarks about the movie, pause if someone needs a potty break, replay the naughty bits, fast forward to see if the piece of crap movie gets any better, adjust the volume so if you aren't already deaf the movie won't make you deaf, etc. The movie theater is going the way of the drive-in. It's often assumed that without the ARPA the internet never would have existed. ARPA, however, is just one of many "internets" that sprung up over the years. There was also FIDOnet, Prodigy, BIX, Compuserve, MCInet, etc. Everyone with more than one computer thought to hook them together. Heck, even some friends of mine invented their own internet back in the 70's. If it wasn't ARPA, it would have been something else. Much of it is due to C's Biggest Mistake: http://drdobbs.com/blogs/architecture-and-design/228701625 I've been running my old paper books through a scanner and throwing them away. The resulting pdf's are readable on the Kindle or my computer, or even on my ipod. I've probably done around 500 books by now. There's a looong way to go yet :-) I don't see much point in having physical books anymore other than coffee table books. I like having my library at my fingertips rather than scattered everywhere. Driving a fire-breathing muscle car you put together yourself is pure joy. In D, this is done with scope guard (or you can use destructors): f = open("test.txt"); scope(exit) f.close(); print(f.read()); The scope(exit) causes the following statement to be executed at the exit of the scope, regardless of how it leaves (return, goto, fall through, throw, etc.). The advantage over try-finally is the 'finally' statement is associated with the open, rather than some arbitrary distance away. Nope. While on Windows, Linux, and OS X you can have two remote users logged in and independently using tty windows, they all must share the same GUI window. 10.7 was released last year, not 40 years ago :-) My older Mac Mini would not do it. I didn't know that this was added in 10.7. I tried to do this couple years ago for Linux, asked around, and was told this was not possible for Linux. Apparently I was misinformed. I'm happy to be wrong about it. Can you point me to instructions for doing it for Ubuntu? I have Windows XP, and have had 2000, NT, 98, 95, etc., and none of them could do it. I'm glad to see that finally this "40 year old technology" is getting onto desktops in the last year or so. The various tradeoffs between try-finally, RAII, and scope guard is discussed here: http://www.d-programming-language.org/exception-safe.html Scope guard has a number of distinct advantages. Thank you. I will give it a try. This contains a detailed explanation of why costs are so high: http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2009/09/how-amer... Right. You're discrediting the Labor Theory of Value, variations of which are endlessly seductive and are always creeping back in as The Way Things Ought To Be. Gold, going back to ancient times, has a remarkable ability to hold value regardless of governments. Now, if they could only fix OCR technology! I'm getting tired of "the" being scanned as "die". The article suggests (ok, it does more than suggest) that one receives promotions at Google based on how hard one works or how many hours one puts in. Is that really the case? Shouldn't it be based on how effectively you work, i.e. your contribution to the company? There's a story that a man approached Cary Grant on the street, and remarked "I wish I could be as smooth as you are on the screen". To which Cary replied "I wish I could be like that, too!" The low point of this phenomenon was when Sally Fields testified before Congress on farm problems, after she starred in a movie set on a farm. We doan need no steeenkin' badges! One word reason: math Every single engineering and science class I took at Caltech was a math class. If you don't like math, you're going to switch to something else. Math is what separates engineers from mechanics. You can put together a tractor that works without knowing math, but not an airplane or a rocket. Nor will your tractor be anywhere near as good as it could be. I've long suspected that talent in anything amounts to about 1% of your success, and the other 99% is hard work. Note that things like athletic events are designed to discriminate the tiniest of differences from one althlete to the next. It wasn't so bad for me. I suppose I wound up working an average of about 9 hours a day, 5 hours a week. But a lot of that time was in "troll sessions" with friends, and it was fun. I also really enjoyed being around smart and motivated people. All in all, it was a very positive experience for me, and has paid off handsomely over the years. (Not the degree, I don't give a crap about that, but what I learned. A friend summed it up succinctly with "it's not about learning facts, it's about learning how to think." Learning engineering and science rewires your brain.) Many people have secrets that, if disclosed, could ruin their lives even though they are not illegal. For example, a politician with politically unacceptable activities. I'm sure you can come up with examples, such are regularly reported on the news. The flip side is that all this automation makes stuff cheaper, and a better lifestyle is available for less money. The difference between lucky people and unlucky ones is that the lucky ones were able to recognize opportunity better. I've seen some research on this, but don't have a link handy. It isn't that much different from other forms of engineering. And in all of those forms, there are the "formula plugger" engineers, and there are the real engineers. The difference was exemplified by a question another "engineer" asked me once - "what book did you get that formula from?" I replied that I derived it from the boundary conditions, etc. He just looked at me in utter bafflement. On a related note, it's easy to discover the "formula pluggers" in electrical engineering. They are the ones that carry around a little card with: V=IR I=V/R R=V/I helpfully written on it. >The problem here is that in things like chemical or structural engineering, you generally don't just bodge together things by first principles. The thing is, formula pluggers are unable to put formulas together from first principles because they simply do not understand them. All the book formulas are based on certain assumptions - and so the formulas will give you wrong results if your real world problem doesn't match those assumptions. When it doesn't match the book formula assumptions, you have to derive one that does. And that requires understanding. Furthermore, you check your equations backwards and forwards using well known techniques. Lastly, you back up your analytical results by using a test rig. Yes, I've known a lot of formula pluggers. You argue that they get rigorous correct answers. They don't, they misuse the formulas because they fail to understand them. Understanding that is what separates a real engineer from a formula plugging technician. I worked on airplane design. Getting the design light and strong was worth $$$$. The extra money to pay a real engineer was nothing compared with the cost of keeping heavy objects at 30,000 feet. In electronics, shaving cost off a design you're going to make millions of copies of is worth $$$$. Repairing a car engine is very different from designing one. There's a reason why, if you want to work on race cars on a professional team, they expect you to have an engineering degree and use it. Designing a house isn't much engineering. There you can easily afford to way, way overbuild it to compensate for utter lack of finesse. (Funny story - in Florida they found that Habitat for Humanity houses stood up to hurricanes better. The reason? Habitat workers knew nothing about construction, and so used far too many nails.) You're right that any semi-competent mechanic can build a working tractor from scratch, with doing no calculations at all. But it'll be either excessively heavy, or not strong enough, or cost far too much to build. I'm not saying you should re-derive book formulas. But you are often going to encounter problems that don't have book solutions - like calculating the moment of inertia of a spinning part that doesn't match the shape of the book formulas. Or the bending strength of a beam with an unusual cross section. Then, you gotta know how those book formulas are derived in order to derive the right formula for your unusual shape. Your alternative is to overdesign, or to compromise your design into being book shapes. Have you ever noticed that your car doesn't contain many parts with book shapes? D seems to work rather well as a scripting language. http://dlang.org/rdmd.html Note the first line of the D "shell script": #!/usr/bin/rdmd Left unexplained in the article is why math books need to be reinvented every year. C'mon, guys, that posting was 4.5 years ago. It's old news, and has been repeatedly hashed to death. Amazon Prime enables me to never leave my basement. Since he was a contractor, not an employee, labor laws may not apply. My hearing has declined over the years, to the point where audiophile gear is a complete waste of money. For example, I can no longer hear the difference between a cassette tape and an LP. I still listen to and enjoy music all day, but no longer worry at all about the sonic quality of it. My advice to you younger guys is to keep the windows rolled up while driving. I have no other explanation why my left ear is much worse than my right. Enron wasn't operating in a perfectly free market. The electric power business in California is heavily regulated, in particular, the utilities were forced by law to pay whatever Enron demanded, and also by law were unable to pass those costs along to the ratepayers. I have some old sets of books over 100 years old. They're still fairly worthless. I think this is just hysterical nonsense. Remember, it used to be not that long ago that 95% of the labor force worked on farms, and still famine was a regular occurrence. Now only 1 or 2 percent work on the farms. I can't imagine people running out of productive things to do. After all, can making movies be automated? How about becoming a professional dancer or athlete? Writing books? Building a custom car? Making art of any sort? Elder care (a booming business as baby boomers age)? Research? Tutoring? There have never been greater opportunities for productive work than now. Until the robots unionize, of course. What the greater storage allows for me is to be more profligate in my usage of it. For example, I've re-encoded my CDs at 320kps, and I've been scanning my old books at much higher resolutions, and am less picky about which ones to scan. I had about a dozen 8" floppy disks sitting in a box since about 1982. About 2 years ago, I needed to get a file off of them. I have a friend with a machine that would read them, and they all read perfectly. I think in the early days of floppies the quality of the media and the drives was much better. Parts of the D compiler were written in 1982-3 and are still in use. https://github.com/D-Programming-Language/dmd 30 years! It's sorta like our genes carry bits and pieces of the animals we evolved from millennia ago. Last month I found, in an old box, a listing of the first computer game I wrote back in 1975. I thought that had been lost forever. I'm going to try and scan it & OCR it. Bigotry against the irish in the US did eventually collapse of its own accord. It would also allow orphaned works (works where the copyright owner cannot be identified or located) to slip into the public domain. Inflation is hardly a characteristic of the boomer years. We've had persistant inflation since 1914, went we went to a fiat money system. I find it strange to reconcile this position with the other oft-repeated position that people over 50 cannot get hired. What? I thought Jason Long had that role nailed! :-) I encounter many people who do not see the point in learning math. They're the same people who get taken for a ride regularly when they finance a purchase, deal with contractors, plan their investments, get rooked on their credit card fees, etc. And they rarely realize what has happened to them. It's expensive to not know math. If ebooks were priced at $.99 rather than $9.99, I'd be likely buy more than 10x as many books. They become a complete impulse buy, even if I just have a mild curiosity about the contents. Heck, the local thrift shop sells paperbacks for $.99, and I buy piles of them (and don't feel guilty if I never get around to reading them!). I wouldn't have bought any at $9.99. You can create & supply ebooks readable on the Kindle without ever going through Amazon. There is no technical reason preventing you from creating your own ebooks & distributing them and having them work on the kindle. The "speak no ill of a previous employer" is not about tribalism or protecting other managers. It's that your prospective employer doesn't care to be disparaged by you when you leave them. I'm a little surprised that billionaires haven't already done things like launched a couple more Hubble telescopes. The design is already done and debugged, just clone it, and launch it. The same for several other successful interplanetary probes - build a (relatively) cheap fleet of clones of successful designs, and send them out to explore the solar system fully. Heck, you don't even have to come up with all the money yourself. Sell advertising on the mission. Having a logo on the rocket, and logos on the returned pix, etc., are all fantastic opportunities for advertising. In fact, a lot of the exploration journeys of the 1800s were financed by advertisers and newspapers looking to sell newspapers. I suspect that the cost could be cut quite a bit, especially since the design is already done. Also, the Mars landers cost $250M, well within the budget of a billionare investor. Even using your figures, it's quite within reach. > Schools are full of a bunch of people who all are very proud of being different, just like everybody else. I love the old Dr. Pepper ads - Join the non-conformists! Libertarianism is about people being free to choose what to do with their money. If they choose to give to charity, light cigars with banknotes, spend it on blackjack & hookers, invest in space flight, etc., it's all their right to make that choice. It isn't about the relative virtue of doing this or that. The problem was that Spain misjudged what was valuable in the New World. They colonized it in order to loot it, when the real value was actually in the enormous economic productive potential. I wouldn't hire someone who lied on their resume, as I like to be able to trust people I work with. I did not have that experience at all. I was accepted at Caltech, and when I arrived I found it was incredibly fun to be around people who were smart and excited to learn the mysteries of the universe. A friend of mine lived in an apartment off campus, and he'd invite lots over for his patented chicken wings recipe. The apartment manager, an older fellow, was invited too, and he'd just sit in a corner and say nothing. After several incidents of this, I went over and asked him why he was interested in hanging around with a bunch of college kids. He replied that he found our conversations fascinating - we didn't talk about sports or music or girls, we talked about science, research, and ideas. He said he'd never heard anyone else talk like that. And where else could you drop in on a lecture by Feynman on the mathematics of potato chip worlds, and have Carl Sagan drop by your dorm for dinner and conversation about silicon based life? I did not realize until years later what a treasure those experiences were. I wear a hat because my dermatologist told me I'd better, while she was carving chunks of flesh out of my forehead. I've since discovered that a wide brimmed hat makes walking in the Seattle rain quite pleasant. I always wondered what was wrong with English. You know, using 'print' instead of a 'what-does-that-box-of-kleenex-mean' icon? And for non-English speakers, is it really harder to learn what 'print' means than consulting a cheat sheet for what the icons mean? I found it bizarre (and sad) that the author believes that a screwdriver and wrench are somehow only tools for old people, that 20-somethings would have never wielded one in their life? I looked into replacing the old AM radio in my ancient dodge with a modern one, but eventually decided I simply liked the look & feel of that pushbutton thingie, and anything more modern just looked wrong in that car. Printers come in all sorts of shapes, and I've seen quite a few different printer icons. The first one I saw looked like a box of kleenex, and did so to several of my coworkers at the time. For most of the gui programs I use, I have to hover the mouse over the icon till the tooltip comes up so I know what it does. Since it's big money that I would be on the hook for, you bet I make them wait while I read the contract front to back. Yes, it annoys the escrow officer, but too bad. Kudos to Stallman for standing up to that nonsense. > In that case they shouldn't look too surprised if they end up hiring wrong people. The reality is that they get so many resumes, like thousands, they are forced to do an initial culling. That cull takes about 2 to 3 seconds per resume. If you don't have a degree, you won't make the cut. We all know that means some great candidates will be missed. But any means of whittling down those thousand candidates runs such a risk. > 4-year outdated programs A good STEM program teaches you how to think, and that never gets outdated. Colleges offer a smorgasbord of courses to take. If you select courses for the easiest route to a degree, you won't be that employable. If you select courses that will give you the best foundation for your chosen career, that'll do much better. For example, although I got a degree in engineering, I made sure I also took a class in business accounting. (That class has paid off well for me.) What I mean by "how to think" is developing organized thought processes for solving (seemingly) hard problems. For example, breaking a large problem into smaller ones, solving the smaller ones, then assembling the solution into a larger one. When faced with a problem, determining what you know and don't know about it. An organized methodology for distinguishing facts from baloney. All these skills are developed in the process of STEM training. I know I got an awful lot better at it after 4 years of that, and I can see the deficits in those abilities in people who have not undergone such. For example, given someone debugging their program - I see many programmers who will just try guessing things randomly. If they get lucky with this approach, they often have little idea of why their change made it work. (Often, nor do they care.) But they do spend an awful lot of time with this method, compared with someone who sets about finding the problem in an organized fashion. No, I have done no research on this. But if you went for a degree in EE, and took only the minimum of electronics courses, then you'd have a skill deficit compared with a person who took every advanced EE course he could stuff into his schedule? For example, he layered on analog electronics, and you took only digital, that you'd have a problem when faced with a job that needed a bit of analog? And yes, I've seen EEs flummoxed when faced with a bit of noise in their digital circuit, when a guy who knew some analog had it fixed pronto. Which engineer was more employable? I recently saw a TV show about employment problems college graduates had. One person interviewed had a master's degree. The show was extolling the virtues of a program to assist these people in finding jobs, and a big part of their help was showing people how to write a resume. I was astonished that someone with a master's degree would need help putting together a resume. Something is terribly wrong. I didn't mean necessarily taking hard classes. I meant taking classes that would provide a foundation for your career, rather than selecting classes based solely on how easy they are. Increases in taxes tends to shift more and more activity into tax avoidance schemes rather that economically productive ones. See Parkinson's book "The Law and the Profits" for the classic treatment of this. His talk makes the mistake that spending money is what drives the economy. This is a fundamental error. What drives the economy is people creating value. When people have created value, they can exchange that value for things they want from other people who have created value. Simply handing people money to spend is not stimulative because it does not create value. Put another way, taking money from A and giving it to B so B can buy things from A does not (and cannot) make A wealthier. The route to greater wealth for A and B is that both A and B specialize in creating things that the other wants. Then, they trade, and each winds up with a higher standard of living than if each tried to do both. Economies are built on the greater efficiency that comes from specialization, and the resulting trade. Money in bank accounts is not idle. It is loaned out - and nobody is going to borrow unless they have plans to spend it. (As eloquently put by Jimmy Stewart in "It's a Wonderful Life".) Of course. Hiring people is only done in the service of creating value. I live in Seattle, and there are a lot of cyclists. I don't bike any more because it's too dangerous. But I have a question for the cyclists: What's with wearing the tour de france outfit? 9/10 cyclists are wearing racing outfits covered with logos. They aren't racing, they're just biking to work or biking because it's a nice day out. 1/10 is wearing shorts and a t-shirt, what I wore when biking. You're suggesting that the person at fault is the person who has money. This is fundamentally unjust. You won't have wasted "that many years" if you took courses that taught you something useful, even if you did not graduate. Time to stop reading HN! Airliners are designed to withstand failure, not to not have any failures. It's a change in perspective, and is very effective. Both the Fukishima plant and the Deep Water Horizon rig were unable to withstand single failures. The problem is when the backup system is not independent of the primary, so one failure takes out the other. When I read about the step-by-step domino sequence of failures in the plant, the design was clearly deficient. The erroneous thinking was "the tsunami wall cannot fail". The correct thinking is "what happens when the tsunami wall is breached? what happens to the plant? how can the plant withstand that?" For example, the most obvious thing is to harden the backup diesel generators against flooding. This would not have been difficult nor expensive. Another solution would have been to have those generators located at some distance from the plant, so they could be repaired without irradiating the workers, and so a disaster at one would be less likely to affect the other. Another obviously poor design was to have the emergency hydrogen venting go into an enclosed space, where it can build up and explode, rather than venting it outside. My background is I am an ME and I worked on designing flight critical systems on airliners. I had the philosophy of designing to survive failure hammered into me, and when I see the Fukishima plants, all the red flags go up in my head. For example, let's assume the wing spar fails. Junior engineer says "but the spar can't fail! We designed it to handle any predicted load!". Senior engineer says "Wrong answer. Anything can fail. How will you design the airplane to survive a wing spar failure?" (The solution usually is to have dual wing spars.) This question is repeated for every single system and part in the airplane. Failure scenarios are also played out to ensure that failure of one part or system will not have a "zipper" effect of breaking other critical systems. With Fukishima, I clearly see "the sea wall cannot fail, so we won't even bother to investigate if we can make failure of the wall survivable." As it turned out, it would have been survivable if only the backup generators hadn't failed due to flooding. Hardening those generators (one way) is to simply put them in a concrete box. It's hard to believe that would have been that expensive. Videos of the tsunami showed a lot of masonry structures withstanding it. > How many redundant transmission lines do you need for a generator a mile away? Good question. The general rule is to have an independent backup system for every critical system. That has made flying around the world in an airliner safer than driving yourself to the post office. The only space drive that actually can work is the transmission of information, not of mass. But you'll need a receiver that is capable of acting on that information. Hopefully, such receivers can be made very small and then "seeded" through the galaxy. My understanding is total Allied domination of the air is what made the difference. German tanks were highly vulnerable to air attack, even the best of them. The point is to not have to reopen classes. I think an analogy would be with the 9-11 "truthers" who trot out various facts and conclude that the towers were brought down by demolition charges rather than the plane strike. Their facts are not wrong, they are just misapplied and someone with a more general understanding of physics knows that. One of the facts quoted is that jet fuel doesn't burn hot enough to melt steel. By itself, that is true. But the temperature at which jet fuel burns varies depending on all sorts of conditions, and the standard lab setup is not at all what the towers were. For example, fuel in a jet engine certainly burns hot enough to melt steel, it's the limiting factor in jet engine design. You can immediately dismiss any "experts" who assert that jet fuel doesn't burn hot enough to weaken steel. That would include all the ones I've seen write web pages about it. I forgot to mention - steel loses its strength at temperatures far below its melting point (which is why blacksmithing works). So anyone who talks about the steel needing to "melt" for the towers to collapse is also a quack. You have to bike twice as long to get the same benefit as jogging. Around here, biking is too damn dangerous. Narrow, twisty roads. If you run on the balls of your feet, rather than heel-strike, the impact is greatly reduced. You don't need to run barefoot. Just tilt your foot forward and land on the ball rather than the heel. You can stick with regular running shoes and do this. When I watch crews build a house, I am struck by how resistant this activity has been to automation and mass production techniques. A truck will drive up to the site with a stack of lumber on it. Workers will individual measure, cut, and fit the pieces together. Wiring is all eyeballed by the electrian, and custom fit. The same for plumbing. Finish carpentry is all done piece by piece, by skilled craftsmen, and all hand fitted (and are a huge component of the expense of a house). It all seems ripe for a revolution. I'm not suggesting that houses be all cookie-cutter identical. But a custom design could largely be built in a factory, trucked in, and then you'd just have final assembly done on site. The result would be higher quality and lower cost (and less labor). You can see some of this with roof trusses today, which are custom built in a factory and then trucked to the site. I know that prefab homes have a reputation for poor quality. But I see no fundamental reason why this must be true. Automation in every other industry increases quality, and certainly predictability. In current home construction, quality varies erratically all over the place, even in the same home, even in expensive homes. Valgrind has almost single handedly rescued C from the ashheap of history. Not need profilers? I haven't run into a C (or any other language) programmer so skilled that he's even usually correct at finding the bottleneck without a profiler. Programmers who don't use profilers write slow programs (even though they spend many hours "optimizing" them). I wonder how they'd deal with crossing between the continental plates - the movement of the plates, the magma, etc. There'd be incredible pressures at the depths of the ocean floor. Look at that tiny submarine able to go down as far as the Titanic. An educated man is not one who knows a lot of things, but one who knows how to find out what he needs to know. I think Henry Ford said that. Consider the invention of the airplane. The Wrights certainly invented it, but if you take a good look at what the other experimenters were doing, it's a pretty good bet that others would have gotten the pieces together in probably another 5 years. (The Wrights succeeded arguably because they had the first directed research & development program, while the others basically just bumbled about trying things in a seat-of-the-pants manner. None of them, for example, seem to have done any calculation of how much wing area was needed or how much power was required.) I think you're overlooking the age of exploration, funded mostly by private interests, and things like the first transatlantic cable. I find that engaging the audience into a back-and-forth has been very successful for me, and I get more positive feedback on the talks afterwards, too. The Digital Mars C compiler returns the correct answer with or without optimization turned on. Being a victim is a state of mind, not something that happens to you. Pascal's bad rap was entirely justified. You could not write a useful program in Wirth's Pascal - a lot of language extensions were required, and of course every Pascal vendor implemented their own such extensions. Ada suffered for years for being an unimplementable language. It was a long time before compiler technology caught up with it, but Ada found it hard to shake that stigma. C came along at the right time, did not have those problems, and so took off. On the PC, for example, in the early days C was the only possibility other than assembler. I first got and read the spec for Ada in 1982, intending to write a compiler for it. I found it to be overwhelmingly complicated, but I had little experience with compilers at the time. I haven't paid much attention to it since. Many other early compiler devs shared my opinion of it, and indeed it was many years before it was successfully implemented. I don't recall just what it was that made it hard, other than being so complicated. I doubt I'd feel the same way looking at it now, as I have a lot of practice implementing complex features from writing a C++ compiler :-) What I find attractive about Ada is the emphasis on writing programs that are checkably correct. I believe that, with the ever increasing complexity of software, better and much more mechanically checkable encapsulation, etc., is the way of the future, as opposed to what I call "faith based programming" where you overly rely on the programmer not making mistakes. A large focus of D has been and continues to be on being able to write mechanically checkable code. It always kind of irks me when people talk about the heat of reentry coming from friction with the air. It doesn't come from friction, it comes from compressing the air. Food insecurity at some point in a year is not at all the same thing as starvation. I don't care to have xrays randomly fired at me. I don't believe that chest x-rays are nearly so benign. For example, they've found even one x-ray for a toddler increases the chance of brain cancer. Nor do I trust that those machines in a van are calibrated properly - they may be emitting far more x-rays than they're supposed to. Who'd know? As far as I know, before 1989 or so there were hardly any patents on software, and that didn't inhibit innovation or the breakneck pace of software development in the slightest. >even if mist and dark skies envelop the scenery for much of the year. Obviously written by someone who doesn't live in Seattle. Seattle is a beautiful city in a very beautiful location. Today it's sunny, 70 degrees, with spectacular views of the lakes, trees, and snow-capped Olympic mountains. To follow up, I live about in the middle of the metropolitan area. I regularly see in my neighborhood deer, coyotes, deer, eagles, herons, quail, mountain beaver, raccoons, squirrels, hawks, snakes, lizards, ducks, geese, mice, etc. How many cities can boast that? :-) The short days in winter are a drag, but are made up for by correspondingly long days in summer. I've lived here for 33 years now. It's also wonderful for waterskiing. We used to go out 3 days a week. With a drysuit you can ski all year. It's fun skiing along side the 520 bridge while the commuters rot in traffic :-) And yes, Seattle traffic is terrible. It's one downside. I personally enjoy the rainy days. They're quiet and peaceful, and make the air smell good. There's nothing quite like a nice rainy day when you're drinking coffee and working on your computer, in a plaid flannel shirt. It reminds me of all those support centers that first ask you to key in your account number. Once a person (finally) answers the phone, the first thing they ask for is your account number. Me: But I already keyed it in! Them: Sorry, sir, but we don't have access to that. There aren't any historical examples of free market monopolies. There are only examples of government enforced monopolies. For trademarks, you have to actually use the trademark in commerce. Just sitting on a trademark means you lose it. Before 1989 or so, software was assumed to be not patentable. This did not appear to slow down innovation or progress in software in the slightest. D has extensive support for transitive data immutability, and function purity. (This is quite unlike C++.) I think the poster child for operator overloading abuse is iostreams overloading >. However, operator overloading is very much needed for when creating user defined types that have arithmetic properties, such as bigint, or matrix. As for the confusion about whether + means "add" or "concatenate", that is unresolvable. The D programming language deals with it by introducing the ~ binary operator to mean "concatenate". No more problems. Although in D one can overload operators to mean any crazy thing one wants to, the consensus in the community is to eschew non-arithmetic use in the same manner that the C community has condemned: #define BEGIN { #define END } Why is it that there's all this software that can decode horrifically mangled text, and yet nothing to OCR a handwritten letter? My accounting prof used to be a used car salesman. I was talking about that with him one day, and he said that a car dealership doesn't make money selling cars, but makes it selling financing. The people who really pay through the nose for financing are people who do not grasp mathematics. He said it wasn't just a matter of them being taken advantage of - even when he explained the lower cost option, they'd insist on the higher cost one, based on faulty notions about math. If you don't learn math, it's going to cost you plenty your whole life, and you won't even realize it. Math is necessary, even if you don't go on to get a STEM degree. That issue disappeared before the 1980's. Check your compiler. Aren't those documents on sheepskin? not paper? D does not implement NaNs, it just relies on the IEEE FP hardware to do it. What D does do is expose NaNs so the programmer can rely on their existence and use them in a straightforward manner. Watching robots race cars would sure be boring. Reminds me of watching a computer program play Monopoly against itself. I'm curious about data security. It says it is encrypted with AES. But is it encrypted locally and the encrypted files are transferred? I.e. does Amazon ever see the encryption keys? Or is the only way to encrypt it yourself, and then transfer it? I've had many walls of books for many decades, and can only remember a couple incidents where anyone ever poked through them. Now, I'm in the process of cutting them up, running them through a scanner, and throwing them in the recycling bin. I have apps for ipod and kindle that enable me to browse the books on my lan, and I enjoy poking through them that way from whereever I am in the house. I'm looking forward to the day that I can store the entire thing on my ereader. So far, that would be 70Gb, but I expect it to rise by at least a factor of 10. My bike is a nice 10 speed I bought 35 years ago. It still works fine, is an excellent bike, and is worth maybe $25. I doubt it's worth stealing. Interestingly, increasing the size of the house does not increase the cost by a proportional amount. So, increasing the size is a relatively inexpensive way to "upgrade" a house. The "box" of the house is probably the least expensive part. D has profiling and unit testing built in (also coverage analysis and documentation generation), but I'm curious how you'd see source control built in. I have both ad supported and non-ad supported Kindles. The DX is not ad supported, and its screensaver is an ugly picture of an author. There seem to be about 10 of these, which it scrolls through. Those pictures are not settable by the user, and get awfully, awfully boring. I prefer the ad supported one, at least you get new screensaver pictures once in a while. I suspect all the time he saved by not having to think about what to wear he more than spent in thinking about how to justify wearing the same thing all the time, and writing blog posts about it, etc. I don't know why Jobs always dressed the same, but it could quite reasonably have been to "brand" his image. He was, after all, the front man image of Apple. Jobs was famous for controlling every detail of his presentations, it's inconceivable that he would not extend this attention to his dress. The single best way to protect your home against fire, by far, is to have a fire sprinkler system installed. Unfortunately, this can only be done when the house is built. So if you are planning on building a house, specify a sprinkler system. It'll be the best money you ever spent. I've published a book for the Kindle on Amazon that was published shortly after the Civil War. The price is nominal, but I put a lot of work into formatting the book, proofing it, preparing the illustrations, etc. It was a labor of love for a book I really liked, and I don't expect to make any real money off of it, but I think a small fee is entirely justifiable. And if one doesn't like that fee, one can go find another copy elsewhere. LOL, but I don't really mind that much. Like I said, I like the book and think everyone should enjoy it. I also have a crapton of out-of-print books that are available nowhere, that I would put online for free if it weren't for the dang copyright laws. Some I have attempted to find the copyright owners, but I just find deadends. It's really a sad state of affairs. My personal opinion (and I make my living selling copyrighted software) is that copyrights should be good for 20 years. After that, you can keep the copyright going only if you're willing to send in a $1000 fee every year for each copyright, and that fee should go up a percent a year or so. That'll put all the abandoned works into the public domain. BTW, Amazon asked me several questions about the book before they allowed it on their site, and evidently they found my answers satisfactory. After looking at the film, I suspect that some more restoration work could get rid of the color smearing. I understand why the color mismatch exists. I just think that can be corrected for, even if it is done by hand frame by frame. Since the information is on the film, I don't think this would be false restoration. I see it as akin to projects that try to remove scratches and damage by merging in undamaged sections from previous and following frames. Eh, I can afford the no-ad premium. But I prefer the ad one, as sometimes they are interesting, and they are always more interesting than the wretched Amazon screensaver pics. Also, the ads are not on the media itself, nor do they interrupt it. They are not intrusive, and do not bother me. Most (all?) military fighter planes have had odd flight conditions where they would get into a fix that would kill the pilot, and it happened often enough. A large part of pilot training is avoiding those conditions. Long before software. All airplanes have bugs, too. The F-80, for example, if you flew it too fast (and the engine was powerful enough to do that in level flight) the airplane would suddenly "pitch up", fold the wings back, and crash. There are endless examples of these kinds of "bugs" in leading edge fighter design that have nothing to do with software. One issue about warp drives that I never see mentioned is one has to be careful one is not creating a perpetual motion device. Consider a warp drive that transports you from, say, earth's orbit to pluto's orbit. Now, you fall back towards earth's orbit. This means that the warp drive, in order to not violate conservation of energy, must require at least as much energy as the potential energy difference between the two positions. The P-51 had an interesting problem shared with other high torque single engine fighters of its day. If you're coming in for a landing, with the engine idling, decided to abort and firewalled the throttle, the airplane would rotate about the crankshaft. This killed a lot of pilots. I've often thought that the US should set up "national parks" in some coastal waters, where no fishing of any sort would be allowed, and no motorized boats. These would then serve as "reservoirs" of marine life. I didn't know this existed. Thanks for letting me know. It's a great start! >A degree does not guarantee you or your children a good job anymore. I don't know where this idea came from. It was never true. It certainly wasn't true when I graduated 33 years ago. My fellow students at Caltech were well aware of the job market, and the prospects of jobs and salary ranges for various degrees. It was well understood, for example, that having a degree in Astronomy meant no job. Astronomy majors did the sensible thing - double majored, AY for fun, another major for a job. These days, it is so trivial to google for salary ranges and job prospects, I cannot understand anyone selecting a major and being surprised 4 years later. "I’m not one of those “old people.” After all, it’s not like I remember punch cards." Well, my first programs were on punch cards! My first computer was a Digicomp 1. A sewing machine is a mechanical marvel. Take one apart sometime, and look at the genius that went into its design. I have my great aunts' sewing machine that is powered by a treadle and a flywheel. It still works perfectly. I can vouch for IE being far better than Netscape. This is incorrect. In avionics software, you want software that self-detects its own failure to quit immediately, and engage the backup system. You do NOT want it to "soldier on" once it has entered an unknown state. The general problem with error codes is they can be so easily ignored, and then the software is operating in an unknown and untested state. I suspect the actual reason why they eschewed exceptions is because exceptions may not be able to guarantee hard realtime latency. I give it about 3 days before the students figure out they can "attend" class by giving the tag to their friend who is also taking the class. The teachers will finally catch on when there is only one student in class, with 30 tags in his pocket :-) I'd like to see if this can be extended to re-entering from orbit. This could make space travel more practical, as there'd be less weight dedicated to re-entry vehicles. (The only thing that needs to come back from orbit is the astronaut. The whole idea of reusable spacecraft is completely impractical, as weight is by far the biggest expense.) Right. But the atmosphere is exponential, so the idea would be to have a high drag/mass for the start, to slow you down before compression heats things up. A capsule is small and heavy, so it'll have enough inertia to push up the compression and hence reentry heat. Take a hard look at the shuttle. Most of it - the weight, the complexity, the cost - comes from trying to bring it back intact. Wings, landing gear, hydraulics, flight control systems, etc., is all there solely to bring it back. All that extra weight means a much bigger rocket is needed to push it up, it means you've got far, far less payload, and you're still stuck in low earth orbit only. Weight is so expensive I don't think the economics can ever pan out for reusable rockets. Exactly, without all those wings, landing gear, flight controls, hydraulics, etc., you've got weight avaible to spend on payload. Remember the "pay" in payload, it's the point of the mission. The only things that need to come back are the astronauts. >You can make a reusable launch vehicle that's economical. I find that difficult to believe, given the enormous extra weight that will be necessary. Look at the Apollo rocket, with that teeny tiny capsule on top of that massive thing. The capsule was the only thing that came back, and that whole massive rocket was needed to push that little capsule to the moon. Now add wings, landing gear, etc., to the capsule, and imagine how much bigger the Saturn V would have to be. Realistically, the only way the patent wars can end is if Amazon, Google, Apple and Microsoft all get behind ending it. It appears to have no local storage. There was some discussion about doing this in D, and there was some in C++11, too. I argued that the presence or absence of the ; did not visually stand out very well, and so would be a source of confusion and errors. Hence, ; remained as a statement terminator, and the return keyword served to indicate returning an expression. However, the D lambda syntax does not require a ; when the lambda body consists of only a single expression: http://dlang.org/expression.html#Lambda and in practice this has turned out to be well liked. Thanks for the information. I couldn't find that on the announcement page.